YMEtEsUDQKOYJOcE5Fx3gQ I can't wait to go back!" Can't stop thinking about that Jewish Pizza..." Plays well with a Tazza latte around the corner! The quiche was divine and the the biscuits were what I imagine my mom would have made had she actually made biscuits. Two words: YUM-OH! Cannot wait to return to the Steel City so I can partake in some of the desserts.  and the cake was the hit the talk of the party.  I will have to take 2 cakes to the next party.  Everyone stated that it was the best cake they had ever had.  My daughter craves that cake on Tuesday "This place has probably some of the best pastries I've ever encountered.  The treats are consistently great to amazing to even mouth watering.  The bakery is this quaint little place that is really cute with nice baking decorations and everything.  The staff is really friendly and always helpful with making the hard selection.  The cupcakes are these cream-stuffed pieces of heaven The line can be long but the staff is very efficient-- I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes. I can't say enough wonderful things about this place!"  to-die-for German choc cake and a really good sugar free cake with berries ( you'd never guess it was sugar free)The only thing that I thought was ""meh"" was the macaroons- tried blood orange and pistachio- have had much better right here in Pittsburgh from the French bakery in Millvale. I consider myself and expert in macaroons  it's worth arriving at 9:30 to experience the novelty and cool experience of this strange Bring cash! $10 minimum for credit debit cards." I'll be back. If they can serve such yummy treats moments before they close I can only imagine how amazing they must be first thing in the morning." Just go early :)  They open at 10 on Saturdays.  And bring cash...it's easier that way." There is a small seating area with tables and a water dispenser for diners." YMEtEsUDQKOYJOcE5Fx3gQ "I'm a creature of habit--I've been getting a savory and sweet item each time I'm around the neighborhood. White lily cake is divine! Quiches always tasty. Macarons are alittle too sweet. I wish the cake slices weren't $4 pop. Otherwise  our friends told my boyfriend and I to go here and get a ham sandwich. A ham sandwich? We thought. Yes a ham sandwich. My bf grabbed two to go while I waited in the car and we started eating and driving  and I went in after early dinner. It was completely unplanned but we were attracted to the quaint storefront. We purchased a crispy elephant ear-like dessert sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar. It was glorious. I bought a piece of apple-walnut-cinnamon sugar cake with cream cheese frosting. It was delicious an moist. We also purchased freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. They were absolutely rich and scrumptious. The woman who was there an greeted us seemed like she might be the owner. She was sweet and very helpful. Great disposition. This is probably my favorite small bakery in Pittsburgh. Delightful."  maybe they're trying to really nail that French bakery vibe :)  No matter  1 seats 2 people). On a quieter morning you should be able to find a seat. They serve coffee as well (nothing to write home about)  which I find to be a little annoying. Regardless- it's worth it. It's such a hidden gem and going there and experiencing their sweets is a real treat." I have never been disappointed.  This is the kind of place that SHOULD exist.  It has that home made taste with a professional look.  Everything tastes fresh and delicious.  I have not had one bad thing from there yet." "This is the best little bakery in Pittsburgh!  My favorites include: key lime cake  lilac cake (which is basically the best white cake you'll ever have)  you should absolutely treat yourself to the delicious baked goods at Food Glorious Food."  and a brownie.  Everything was delicious!  The service was exceptional. There was a line out the door as we were leaving at about 11:30am. We will certainly go back as we are fussy about our baked goods and this place meets our standards."  bought the first time because I liked the name.  Now my family expects me to bring it to all family functions!  It is beautiful to look at and delicious to taste!" I've been to Europe and experienced the patisseries in Paris and they're as good as confectionary sweets dessert food gets but  but the atmosphere and quality at Food Glorious Food is something more than panache  and they take credit card. I came here in the early afternoon on a Saturday so they may have sold out of some items."  one of the best pieces of cake I've had. Definitely tops the list of wedding cakes. The icing is nice and light Tom and Brad are the BEST! My entire family LOVES this place and Tom and Brad (and you will too!) "This place.  I can't say good enough things about it.  Dangerously delicious treats and super nice staff.  I do wish they had markers on their items so people wouldn't spend 10 minutes asking what each individual product is Absolutely love this place! It's only a few blocks away from where I live and we love walking over and grabbing a little something. My favorite is the buttermilk biscuits. Soooo yummy. The cinnamon rolls are great too. Not a huge fan of the chocolate chip cookie only because they use a mix of semi sweet and milk chocolate chips. (I personally hate milk chocolate). But other than that I love this place! I highly recommend trying it out!  they appear to accept credit!  Not sure if there was a minimum."  I'd rank Food Glorious Food within the upper quartile of PGH bakeries.  Unfortunately ""Why should we be fated to brood on ... beautiful I can't wait to go back!"  but even then there was a lot to see and the instructor upstairs was quite comfortable working in front of the public.  I'd go back  and also do a small class where I was able to make an ornament. The staff is always friendly and fun  and they offer lots of learning opportunities if you want to make your own glass art or functional glass pieces. Plus  but were severely let down by the make-it take-it section of the evening (the part we were most excited for!).  It really started to bug us  so there's lots to see and learn."  you can watch whatever is going on. I think that is pretty cool! They also have classes where you can blow glass or make beads or whatever you want... I can't wait to pick up my piece and come back for another class!"  I can't wait to pick mine up!  (It takes a few days.)  I definitely recommend this as something different to do with friends or on a date! My one friend did a glass blowing event there & said that this was much more HANDS ON than the glass blowing was."  must say that some of the prices for events are too high for most people to be able to afford going to the center very often. Maybe if they offered a Groupon or something like that. But  and (2) you have to wait three days to pick up your item so that it can cool properly. Obviously I look forward to going back here for another event or just to look around!"  so we are incredibly lucky to have one here. The equipment is maintained by a professional crew and the classes are taught by highly skilled and professional artists. This is definitely the best place you could think about having your first interaction with molten glass.. or if you're a professional artist moving to Pittsburgh.. well overall good school to get your education at. o yea.. the rings are top 10 most recognized rings in the world... (which reminds me i should get one)" Edit 12 24 14: P.S. Someone else (who studied math) mentions in a 1-star review that Duquesne doesn't have any rigorous science programs--that couldn't be FURTHER from the truth. I graduated with a science degree and believe it was a FANTASTIC program and that every other science student I came across in other programs thought the same thing. With my education I believe I could get a job at any lab in the country." In general there is just really no reason to come here and pay twice as much money for this garbage school.  I left this school 60k in debt and could have gotten the same or better education elsewhere - I DO NOT recommend this school." "I'd qualify Duquesne as a school with a lot of solid potential that hasn't yet become what it could be.  The university has obvious financial difficulties despite what undergraduates assure me is relatively high tuition.  It seems like the strongest programs here are pharmacy nursing  they strive to proactively improve upon anything that is less than suitable by any standard. Duquense University is home to many notable alumni and carries a fantastic reputation with its name. You cannot go wrong with this school." I'm graduating Duquesne university soon however it's very easy to get there I've met a lot of friendly people there especially in job sites so very helpful and understanding "Duquesne is a Catholic University with strong programs in several areas including sciences and law.  It is a beautiful urban campus affording it many of the amenities of the city.  Atop the Duquesne campus affords beautiful views of the city.  They have good sports programs and a lighted football field has allowed it to be used as a venue for many high school football games over the years. Many cultural events are held at the A. J. Palumbo Center which is home also to their Dukes basketball team (parenthetically named after Antonio J. Palumbo).  This beautiful and vibrant campus is pleasant to visit for sightseeing One of the greatest things about Queens is the John Belk International Program. You get to go spend a month touring and studying in another country for free! Free might not be accurate  I often neglect the charm and individuality of private colleges. Teaching for the Princeton Review brought me to Queens University Since graduation I have stayed involved with Queens. They have a ton of speakers and learning opportunities that are amazing.  If you are considering going here I'd be willing to speak to anyone about the PMBA program at Queens; I have learned some invaluable lessons already as a result.  Aside from the beautiful campus Great campus and the neighborhood is very nice. the pictures are not doing any justice you need to see it for your self... I had the privilege of chilling with my son @ his school. The years went by so fast and I going to miss these moments. #qmbb Beautiful campus but don't bring any drinks into the conference rooms. "Went for a tour of the campus with my friend Amy and my daughter Kerri who is an aspiring pastry chef.  Very diverse crowd attended.  We were able to see all aspects of campus life - classes had ended for the summer so it was quiet.  The surrounding area is beautiful Ytiiyv0BtcURxRCa4WbP1g Ytiiyv0BtcURxRCa4WbP1g  and centrally located with lots of cool restaurants within walking distance. It's almost got the same feeling as a college campus for a 4 year school  that's an arrogant statement.  I stand behind it.  CPCC get your learn on YO!" CPCC also has a number of satellite campuses around the Charlotte area so it makes it convenient to take classes no matter where you live in the city." Some of the best staff members a student will ever encounter work at CPCC!  I'm not holding my breath for an easy or fast resolution to this problem." Bottom line is if you get any type of refund from CPCC take the debit card and dont go through the ordeal we did because you will get absolutely no help or customer service from the business office at CPCC at all."  just fill out the form to have it sent directly to your bank account and fax it to their office... I know it's 2013 and practically no one has a fax machine HORRIBLE college. Good luck going there or getting help when you needi it. The only person I found to be helpful was Brad and he simply shouldnt have to do anybodies job. I will def be contacting higher management due to the lack of communication I have recieved. I do NOT reccommend this school to anyone who is looking to further their education. I have never seen such a horrible COMMUNITY COLLEGE in my life time.  the class was canceled yesterday and they notified me via my CPCC email account.  I am not a current student so there was no need for me to check into that account.  When I registered over the phone I would suggest CPCC as an excellent option for the student seeking a good education to take into the work place It is a great value for your money & I highly recommend it both for transfer students who want to go on to a university as well as for those who just want a technical 2 year degree." Cpcc customer service is like dealing with people at the DMV. Everyone who I have ever tried to receive help from has given me a half fast job and truly treats customers like they hate their job. I don't think I've had a positive experience yet. But good luck on even getting them ON the phone. You'll call multiple times and leave multiple voice mails before someone gets back to you. You're better off going in to speak to someone face to face. I was signed up for classes but was forced to drop due to a mistake made by financial aid. Do not waste your time here. You're better off taking your money elsewhere.  muscular athletic men often dancing shirtless. I'm just saying. Sue me." Perhaps my next visit will be to see the Charlotte Ballet itself!" Great performance! Not quite the same as seeing it every year growing up in NYC but pretty darn good! Amazing scenery (I wanted to eat all the candy in the second act) and quite a big cast of players dancers! They must have raided all the local dance schools for the ""cream of the crop"". So great to have something like this in Charlotte! Belk Theater was a perfect venue for them. Even though it was a very family oriented event  not the best performance but a holiday tradition acceptable."  Mosaic Village is brand new. All the students seem nice so far too. There's a brand new parking deck next to the complex where my car waits for me. The students have suites featuring private bedrooms and shared kitchen & bathrooms. They also have a fitness room but by all means the chillest realest people i met go here. but the staff Called today to get a price for my 4 year old to attend preschool here. Their price is shocking at over $230 a week and that would cost more than my residence. I'm not sure how they can justify catering to only the rich being somewhat part of a church.  we have found what we believe to be a true  gem in Christ Lutheran.  The staff is exceptional and the growth of our children has far exceeded our expectations. If you are looking for a center to make a deep impact and not focus on babysitting....this is the place to be." Christ Lutheran Children's Center is nothing short of amazing! My son attended for 4 years and many of his teachers are still there...he's now 22! There is a full day program and a half day program. Both are special places for special little people. I can't recommend it high enough!  make sure you call and make an appointment. This is my go-to nonprofit to donate my precious O negative. Save three lives Now I donate whole blood. The staff is always friendly and there is never too long of a wait. Parking and easy and the facility is very clean. And since you can only donate whole blood every 8 weeks or so Courteous staff and volunteers. Safe and efficient. In and out quickly. Very clean. "My wife and I donate blood and platelets every 6 weeks.  This is where we go and the people that work here are friendly  painless  donation process.  I love the ARC and this is my absolute favorite place to donat" I always feel better after donating. I feel like it's cleansing." aYNSdNHLRZBUWUlcpu7i9w  this place is worth it. Take a tour and get in early because they have a long waiting list. Long enough for them to refer parents to other centers just in case."  I know it is hard to choose a place for your child to spend so much time in someone else's care. But you could not choose a better place.  They are rated 5 stars AND have a SUPERIOR rating with the North Carolina Division of Child development." "Very good pre-school. My daughter has learned a lot on the 7 months she attended it. Kim is a great principal and runs the school very well. I just felt there was a high turnover on my daughter's classroom on the last 3 months. She had 3~4 teachers coming and leaving quickly. Also there are a couple of teachers who doesn't seem to be really into taking care of the kids  friendly and professional operation.  You will leave each time with a slightly damp THE best swimming classes you will find in CLT. Martha Sue and her staff are AMAZING and you will truly feel like part of a family. Couldn't love it more. I only have positive things to say about Charlotte Swim Academy!  My son has gone from being afraid of swimming to being able to swim underwater.  The one on one experience with the instructor made a huge difference.  All in all it's been a great experience and I highly recommend using them.  my daughter progressed by leaps and bounds. I will never take my children anywhere but CSA. The instructors are knowledgeable and great with children. I could have saved hundreds if only I had come here first. But I am glad to have found them now." "We love CSA! The staff's goal seems to be to foster the love of swimming in everyone! The staff is well-trained I would totally stay here again." The sitting area in the lobby was a happening place and very relaxing to kick it and watch sports. Nice place." I recently spoke with the manager regarding extended stays at this location and he provided a tour of the facilities and a couple rooms. I'm extremely impressed with the service and facilities and plan to go here for future visits while in the Madison area.  I will continue to book at this Staybridge because of my experience and the excellent service that Bobbie provided." I hope this helps all the dog lovers out there.  :)" Until my next stay..."  and definitely go to the live band at the Capital Brewery a block away on Friday night.  Fantastic place to walk and just enjoy the ambiance of a great little town.  Oh "Better than we expected. Had never stayed at a Staybridge before but decided to since we are IHG rewards members. Free upgrade to a two room suite with my membership. Staff very nice. Room was spacious and very clean. Nice  which means you get to know the staff really well. Everyone is super nice and helpful. I especially love the complimentary breakfast and their ""socials."""  the full kitchen is very helpful.  I loved the wheel chair accessible room because the shower helped my sister get in and out (she has a disability and needs assistance in the shower).  The free bfast was delicious and plentiful Thank You to all the staff !" Amazing service.  Staff goes out of your way to make your experience a memorable one.  Shuttled my group to and from the Badger game.  Walked downtown Middleton from hotel and had a great time!  This will be our main place to stay next time we visit. Front desk and service were top notch!" All in all an ok stay but no accolades to offer.  Meets the need."  this can be a great school. I am a current student here at MATC and I am doing the Liberal Arts Transfer Program to transfer to the big UW here in Madison. When you come here The only downside to this Y compared to others is that you have to pay for the yoga and pilates classes and they require advanced registration.  I like to drop-in on such classes." Yeah good place to work out We come here for the kids activities. I am not a member if this gym. Why? They're not open 24 hours and they're expensive for what I use the gym for. The kids activities would be a lot cheaper if we were members but we don't do activities all year long so it's just cheaper to pay the high non member price of the activities.  & a great place to work out! Zumba is a fun way to break a sweat!"  and I have a friend pursuing a PhD here now. They like the campus and the teachers. The grading scale is tough sometimes "I have lots of friends who have attended this school. There's lots this school has to offer. A rigorous education  and forget it if you're a non-traditional student.  I've often thought they should change their name to 'Illinois A&M' because Engineering and Ag are their strengths.  Undergraduates will frequently have grad teaching assistants (who have little interest or talent for teaching) for their 100- and 200-level courses.  The campus has a lot to offer in terms of culture and the arts "Well I went to school here and loved it and I feel like I got a great education. It may be huge but once you find your niche you will do just fine! You just have to make sure you go to class and take good notes because most classes are so huge they won't harass you to come The weather here is horrible. In the summer you scald and in the winter you freeze  and a $2000 tuition raise over 4 years- WTF! (Keep in mind that my tuition was only $6000 my first year Come here for memorable experiences and lifelong friends.  Oh wait.  You can probably get that anywhere else.  What more do you want?" a1CduvjSstYrmSUoaOHYTQ  but I love Champaign-Urbana. It's a perfect distance from Chicago. The only reason I gave it four stars is because I don't go there so I felt like giving it 5 would've been a bit unfair. Annnnywho  but that's a challenge for you to overcome and learn how to be an adult ILL-INI - Illini til I die!" I-L-L..........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  but don't take it too seriously or you will miss out on all the fun.  Go to one of each type of sports event at least once.  Play frisbee or sunbathe on the quad at least once.  Slip on the ice on your way to class at least once.  Use a fake ID at least once.  Got it?  Good.  Don't waste it I'm a fan. The classes are hard to the whole atmosphere is fantastic for those with an academic bent. No better way to be surrounded by so many different people. Fantastic.  but I would have suffered in so many other ways that it was really one of the best decisions I ever made. UIC has an average age of 22 and much higher diversity rates. That and it is in my wonderful city of Chicago." a1CduvjSstYrmSUoaOHYTQ a1CduvjSstYrmSUoaOHYTQ Its the perfect mix of academics and college life "I am in love with the U of I....I had the best college experience here and met the most wonderful people.  My profs were great "Hopefully my review will be a little different than most since I was a transfer student. I transferred to U of I for my junior and senior years and it was the greatest decision of my life. I previously went to Marquette University for my freshman and sophomore years. I won't say that it is a bad school This is a great academic institution. I love it here.  your classes are large and very tough. They are unofficially called weed courses. They ""weed"" out the students that can't handle them. They ensure that the strong students continue and succeed. This is a very large university. If you are looking for someone to hold your hand and guide your every step  I've got at least another four years to go 'til I get to be Dr. Teej." *edit: As I was asked: I was only a visitor here The best education you can get for your money if you're an in-state student.  Great student body It's a great school; there might not be too much to do around town "The only good thing about Champaign is the school itself.  There are a bunch of interesting characters and plenty to do.  Its really good for engineering and overall  my now husband was in a fraternity and had the time of his life.  The towns are small but more industry is slowly creeping its way down to Champaign/Urbana.  The main drag at U of I is Green Street and all the bars and shops near school with the cheap prices made my time at U of I one of the best times in my life.  If I could go back in time to relive it all One of the best research institutions in the world with many high ranking programs. a1CduvjSstYrmSUoaOHYTQ  the people where all so open-minded..and of course of the THE largest Greek systems in the nation did not disappoint this grad."  and the squirrels that will jump up on you anticipating receiving some bread. They are that friendly." I've enjoyed much of my experience on campus- especially the opportunities to interact with Professors in small group settings.  If you want to succeed on this campus a1CduvjSstYrmSUoaOHYTQ "My son is a senior in high school and he is considering U of I.  To get a better feel for the campus culture we went to the homecoming football game today.  I noticed that the cheerleading team is all white and I didn't see any African American kids in the band  but I would contend that people who take that position have never left campus or spent time trying to find something to do with their time.  There are lots of things to do and places to spend time that don't involve drunk undergrads.  And  though Illinois has more than its fair share of them  I am very proud of my experience and education at the U of I; and I will always be fond and grateful for my four years there."  LOTS of partying that gets out of hand and dangerous  food is around 5-15 a meal. 50 dollars of grocery can last you a week and a drink at the bar is around 3." "A beautiful campus with the main quad (preferably viewed on during a May sunset) as the crown jewel.  Best know for its top ranked EE/CS and other engineering departments but it also has a truly amazing school Of animal sciences/ agricultural engineering. It may not be near a big city but -A lot of lab/research opportunities are for graduate students only."  many of the programs should be avoided.  Steer clear of the College of Media entirely.  Some programs are excellent:  engineering The area around has grown quite a bit with big high rise apartments and a new Marriot (TownePlace suites) on Green and new restaurants I am a current undergraduate and I have loved the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. I love the College of Business and the variety of courses it has to offer. Especially their experimental classes in the 395 sections such as Data Analytics and Digital Marketing. The University of Illinois is really moving upwards and always trying to improve itself. "We had an info session and tour for my brother yesterday. The info session was very informative and the students who did the Q and A were knowledgeable. Our tour guide was not. She had no idea what was going on and told us many times she took us in the wrong direction  but you know...I still wish I could crash out in the art gallery for a bit. Did we really need that Jamba Juice?" "I stand blissfully corrected - someone just messaged me to let me know that my beloved Union Art Gallery has moved to the NW corner of the Union Great atmosphere-Multicultural-Wireless-Plenty of seating-Hotel for guests-Lounge-Large flatscreen HD TV's-Comfortable temperature-Restrooms-Clean-Quiet-Outstanding maintenance crew! Does anyone remember when the Illini Union used to have a real cafeteria in the basement where the food court now is? They served some of the best comfort food available.  This was 20 years ago!  U of I was a very nice campus  . . did I mention it was busy?" The entrance hall is very relaxing with ancient looking clock and couches." "Illinois' Union building is okay... It has some interesting performances and events every once in a while in the cafe 12. Finally if you want you can even book a room at the Union Hotel for the night"  did I mention that this place is also a hotel? That's right! It is also a great hotel if you are from out of town and want to visit the campus The Illinois Student Senate office is located here as well as their meetings."  check out what used to be the movie theater inside. Houdini performed there back in the day!" "I took my children here while visiting my sister in Champaign.  I was expecting something along the lines of the Normal Children's Museum.  Wrong.  It was nothing like it.  The place was dark and dingy.  It needed a thorough cleaning.  I was afraid to let my children play with the toys there.  We could barely fill up 45 minutes here.  Most of it was spent playing with Thomas the Train...which they have at home.  The water interactive display had no water in it.  The sand exhibit was missing some sand.  The boat display was poorly built and dangerous for small children to climb up and down on.  It wasn't worth the time and effort for us to make the hour drive to just go to the museum We complained and were reluctantly given our money back.  This was a joke- do not take your kids here."  few play stations and fewer that actually worked. There was absolutely nothing to commend itself about this place.  What toys they had were either broken or of little entertainment value.  There were microscopes that didn't work or had nothing to look at through them.  There were computer screens around the place that showed nothing of interest or nothing at all.  There was a ship's wheelhouse with all sorts of switches and buttons and a giant TV screen but nothing worked.  I felt completely ripped off and was intent upon asking for my money back but felt that would be futile and only lead to a confrontation.  The Website makes it look interesting and the promos lead one to believe that they hold events of interest.  Don't be fooled.  This is not a place to take children unless you want to give them a lesson in failed enterprises i've gone to places that r free and are cleaner than this one!  So if you have children with any type of repiratory conditions I would definetly stay away!" "We had such a great morning at this children's museum! It's such a gorgeous space  and the architecture of this space is stunning! Our visit lasted about 2 hours and I recommend this as a family destination!" A joke. Not sure if it's a joke on us - or the kids. I've taken my kids here several times - mostly because it is one of the few things in town for them to do. I wouldn't recommend it. Dirty - everything is dirty and dusty. Broken - all the toys/exhibits(seriously - it's a BIG stretch to call them that) are almost always broken. And if your lucky - the dino exhibit outside will be open. I've been there 3 times - and have NEVER seen it open (all times were in the summer too). Plus - $7 to get in??? Seriously?? Save your money & take your kids to the pool - they'll enjoy it way more and you'll actually get your money's worth.... "We came as a family outing over the holidays. It's a great local place for a town this size but held surprisingly a lot. My three kids 9 Overall: The Orpheum Children's Science Museum is a good way to spend a few hours with the kids.  Children will benefit from the many science lessons found throughout the museum - and they'll have lots of fun doing it!  Admission is only $5 per person (as of January 2015  young urban professionals and some retirees who are just trying to stay healthy. No creepy people ogling you (which you may be looking for) and no rude gym bunnies laughing at you in your leotard on the treadmill....but really....you shouldn't have the leotard and hot pink leg warmers on anyway...it is 2010.  But hey  tangible) and the one thing I hated at all of them were the fact that they were always busy with people who seemed to have an intimidating aura.  This place isnt like that.  It is quite big and has pretty decent equipment.  I usually go workout with my trainer (Jesse) around 530 and we always are able to workout with no waiting for having to share machines.  They have a lane pool  especially if you're tired of the ""mainstream"" gyms or just want a better overall gym experience.  Plus they have a Cold Plunge which is getting harder and harder to find in a gym nowadays.  These people actually KNOW what they are doing and what muscle building and muscle building recovery is all about.  For my money  and classes.  Wish there were a few more yoga classes or classes geared to those of us that are out of shape/beginners I signed up with this gym about a week ago and I'm very happy with it. They have all the equipment you need and I have never had to wait to find a machine to get started on my workout. They have validated parking and the people here are always very friendly and ready to help. I plan to be a regular here. "I came into Phoenix on business and needed a gym and I'm glad I stopped into CPSAC.  This is  honestly one of the cleanest gyms I have ever been in  and the equipment is current and in good working order.  This place is fully stocked for just about any kind of workout you could ever need.  It even has a lap pool  I'm guessing because its pretty hidden so not too many people know of this place.The only negatives was that you have to park in a garage and walk over to the building which can be a hassle looking for an empty spot but they do validate parking at the gym! Also there was only one bench press station which can be an issue for some people. The biggest reason I didn't join was because its pretty pricey Buyer beware. The contract which seems like it's not one is worded in such a way that if you want to quit this pricey and dated spot you must do so in an exact manner. If you don't quit the right way they are very aggressive and unprofessional in collecting and aren't willing to work with you on a resolution. - I love how close the Burton Barr library is. Spent almost every day after school there. I knew people who worked there & am still friends with them." This school is really a dream.  It's an educational opportunity I would recommend to any parent.  I think my son would write a similiar recommendation!" "Attended this school from 6th grade through senior year. I credit every success I have in the professional world to what I learned here. Presentation skills An Arizona elite institution.  High academic and artistic standards. Quite challenging for students. Teachers are unusually highly communicative. This is my daughter's 2nd year at ASA.  I appreciate the emails teachers send me regarding my daughter's progress or places that needs my attention.  I especially appreciate the lecture videos teacher created and the free tutoring time at lunch.  I am thankful my daughter study at ASA. This woman Shannon Goldstein is harboring a known pedophile and picking up young girls to bring to him. Please careful if you know anyone who uses the Yellow Brick Road Preschool in downtown Phoenix as she is the director.  her story doesn't check out at all.  The name of the guy she gave me and story she gave me don't  match up at all.  Yellow brick filed a police report which they showed me.  Yelp does a disservice allowing baseless comments like that that freak parents out.  Kristy you disgust me."  with the tiny Window & medal plate at the bottom of the door. I was than introduced to the teacher who was just sitting at the table with some kids in sweat pants & a sweat shirt. Like seriously? To me the teacher in the classroom looked to be one who doesn't like to be too disturbed.  After the quick glance of the room I was than walked back to the lobby  and I disagree. I came here on my own free will and was not pressured to start. I passed my A+ and Network+ with their help and have been working on my CCNA.  A lot of people here have told me this place has helped them too. I remember when I first showed up and got right to work. They provided me all the tools that I needed to get moving. If you want to speak to someone there Location is good and they have plenty of parking.  I attended in the peak of summer heat in Arizona and was cool and comfy all day." "This is a great place if you're looking to enhance skills in Microsoft Office  September 2014 am still fighting the VA over supposed over payments and tuition and fees. Apparently between July 2012 and October 2012 the VA over paid me $2 In the end only the student can dedicate themselves to have confidence to take PMI's certification exam.  The school can make you think you are ready but the test is a real wake up call.  Be sure to study multiple sources and take every practice exam you can find online for free.  Take this class of you don't have the discipline to study on your own.  I passed PMP exam on first try but didn't feel like the school prepared me enough." y5ASfpFSJkC5ngVgpCMJuA She's still going there and I love it just as much! the daycare and the woman who take care of my kids do a great job just trouble sometimes with the ladies communicating with each other. Lori on the other hand the administrative assistant is really rude and unfriendly not a fan of her at all. she makes me feel discriminated if it wasn't how wonderful my children are taken care of I would of switched daycares because of her.  and whether they are actively attending classes now or not "For the right person this is incredible self awareness education. They are hard sellers into your ""next step"" but what they offer can definitely transform your life."  especially my Dad. We became much closer as a result. Out of a later program that I did I manifested a job that I loved making more money than I had made in any of my previous jobs. At Landmark Education the conversation always revolves around what is possible and opens the doors to creating miracles. I have recommended Landmark to a lot of people and everyone who has participated has been very glad that they did. I highly recommend it." Landmark Worldwide offers extraordinary training and development programs.  I've been participating in their courses for more than 24 years and am truly living a life that I love as a result.   I've also had the privilege of watching literally thousands of other people do the same.   There really is not a stronger accolade I can provide than that... Landmark offers training and courses World wide and the results In have seen in some people have been absolutely amazing and some of the people you can meet and interact with are amazing as well. This work is fantastic in allowing you to work on and transform yourself as a person and really find out just who you are as a person. The courses are expensive and the hours are long. I strongly recommend either requesting a comfortable chair or even bring your own as the chairs provided are absolutely dreadful. That being said Yes I completely recommend this course work and bring with you an open mind and be willing to listen to the material at hand. "Attended the ""graduation"" night after being pressured into going. The graduation night is not about the ""graduates."" It's a three hour sales pitch claiming that there's something missing in your life and/or something's wrong with you. The atmosphere is culty and all of the rumors tossed around about brainwashing and hypnosis seems highly likely after sitting in that building for three long hours with the strange presence of its overbearing participants." "This work has made ALL the difference in my life. I first participated in Landmark's programs about 10 years ago and I can't imagine my life any other way. This education has uncovered blind spots in my life that were hidden from my view which have allowed for breakthrough results in all areas including family "My first course with Landmark was three years ago.  I signed up looking for direction in my career.  Since then Landmark is an Extrodinary education platform for getting into action to make a difference in your life and for others "This cooking school is held at the beautiful North Central home of Chef  Barbara Fenzl  and every month she gets an extraordinary chef in and teaches you several recipes which you then get to try afterwards.  The classes are typically  from 6:30 to 9:00 p.m.The featured chef will have their cookbook there and  sign autographs afterwards. Barbara is also an exquisite chef and has authored many Southwest Style cookbooks. She  ison  hand to answer questions too. The recipes are printed out for everyone. The classes are small I'll update the star rating after I've taken the class. I just wanted to give my experience with Barbara personally."  but I guess my parting thought was that this environment actually spurred growth from the difficult nature of the common experience  it's not that hard to do. Brophy will not turn down a determined student if their parents cannot pay for it!" I was really surprised at how young the priest was who celebrated Mass.  He gave a fiery passionate homily on love and marriage as a reflection of our deep desire to know and love God."  and forces the current team to struggle against opponents. Libero struggles in serve receive. Overall not that great"  since I am a bit of a skeptic. I have another appointment for one week and I can't wait!" I also looked into the herbal medicine side for some other issues and this is very impressive.  I received my first herbal formula It was definitely a very professional and informative visit. P.S. Mr. Diana & Miss Grimes were my favorites...but there were many others!"  or go to dockers anymore - those were some defining moments of my XCP career.  I don't know much about other private schools cropping up in the growing valley  they will go either here or to Brophy."  and are very attentive to all babies equally. The only thing that is a bummer is that they don't provide soy formula (only milk-based formula). It would've been a nice savings for us since formula/solids are included with the monthly tuition. It's okay... I'm still very satisfied and am happy I found a place that works for our family. Also What an amaZing place! My son loves going to school he hasn't had a day he doesn't want to go. The teachers and directors are wonderful. They do the best crock pot cooking classes! It is just a wonderful and warm atmosp By far the best!!! I moved my kids from a prior daycare I was unhappy until I moved them here!! My kids have improved academically and emotionally since they have been here the staff is great the teachers show my kids so much love I couldn't be happier. Including the location so convenient for me easy to get to. Very much recommended to any parent. "Place is phenomenal! Stellar place to bring my children...I always prepay and never experience any problems. Not sure why Natalis had such a bad experience...must have been having a bad day/week? Myself AND my children always have a pleasant experience My daughter is almost 3 years old now and I couldn't be happier with Kindercare! She is such a social butterfly  and even some evening offerings around the holidays so that parents can go shopping or go on a date while the kids stay at school and watch movies and eat pizza. But by far my favorite thing about this school is that they potty-trained my daughter. This was a real game changer in our house. I could go on and on I can say that with no malice as not only am I an alumna  because the made for t.v. movie 'No One Would Tell' was filmed here! That was the main reason I wanted to be here! I was totally amazed that I was walking through the halls that once had been in a movie! I was walking through the same halls as Fred Savage and Candace Cameron had been in Security here is exceptional and extremely timely.  If you want to wander and ramble in-depth  I'm the parent that finally put my foot down to this day ares mess. I confronted the owner about my daughter being bullied and he yelled at me in front of everyone including my child because I didn't how careless his staff was then kicked us out like trash! I had never been so hurt for my daughter and offended by someone whose in charge of her well being while I'm at work so I shared my feedback on Facebook about how horrible they were to my daughter and me. Come to find out  said she was being sexual ( which almost made me too angry to deal with) and constantly rolled their eyes while my four year old daughter answered truthfully to my questions. However the fact that my child was being called 'ugly' repeatedly by the same girl and pushed down repeatedly was never addressed. She's an angel at home with no other family or babysitters We drive 40 minutes to this school!!! They really care and work hard to help our child grow. The Montessori philosophy is an amazing way to learn and would recommend this school very highly. Hat's off to Villa Montessori. If I could give it 6 stars I would." I experienced a huge lack of professionalism with Villa that I'm not willing to risk translating into something more serious in care of my LO."  Yelp doesn't have a zero star option."  and the issue was investigated and even the first part of my experience was corroborated by the teacher excluding the slap she was still allowed to return to school. I'm disgusted that the eyewitness testimony of a parent would not be deemed critical enough to at the very least be cause to remove the teacher and place her at another institution. I am revenue non-DES assisted customer and deemed pure cash revenue and an active and involved engaged parent. Your teacher is an expense and an over liability. I will do whatever is in my power and rights to ensure that no other child is harmed and that all parents are aware of Childtime's inability to rectify the actions of their sub-par employees." I went in here to check out the facility. Kids were running crazy crying. Hardly any supervision and smelt like urine. Not only that but it's not very secure a stranger could come in at any point. Never enrolled my child. "I called just to get a price and they want all this information that should not be asked just to get a price quota.  I could not even make it through the phone call  BGRPNT_y79TWSYhViUl31A Wishing you all the best on your own journey!" "This place is AMAZING. They welcome every human being. There was no judgment I am so happy to have found CLF." While my beliefs are different than them as I am Christian the attitudes and behaviors I have seen here are heads and shoulders above what I have experienced at many Christian Churches. I have attended on a regular basis and greatly enjoy my time and experience here on the Sundays that I am able to attend. They are open and accepting of all people. There are different lifestyle's that I don't necessarily agree with but it is not my place to judge but to treat with respect and dignity that each human being deserves. This is what I see here. Rev Michelle is a class act and a genuine caring person. Life is to short to condem others and that does not be occur here. Such a wonderful place. I have gone to CLF for years and it feels like home. Great people that care and very open environment. Great place for all backgrounds. It is a non-threatening place everyone can feel welcome. If your looking for a spiritual home this is it.  be sure to raise your hand b/c you'll get information about the Fellowship and the ""religion"" that includes a voucher for a free audio CD that explains more about this Fellowship."  and my son was more than prepared for Kindergarten. The friends that we have made from this school are some of the greatest people and we couldn't be happier with our choice." I absolutely love this school for my son. The staff are friendly and really take the time to get to know my son and help him to grow.  and we enjoy feeling good about it."  and he loves it.  Janet and her staff are wonderful.  They are very knowledgable "Our son attended this school for the past three years.  I can't say enough good things about Community Montessori School.  The group of women who teach here truly feed the intellect   to other parents behind our back.   I had purposely held off on my online review until the last day of school because I was concerned of backlash. Looks like my instincts were right  communities are a place where different personalities of families and perspectives are integrated into a supportive environment. The teachers and owner here are vested in the wellbeing and success of the children and they are more than willing to go the extra mile to serve the individual needs of each child they teach. I've had two different kiddos enrolled at CMS for the past eight years and have also spent time inside the classroom over the years. They do a fabulous job of teaching the academics but they excel at the virtue development portion of the curriculum.  My kids have the strongest manners of their friends and by far the best reading comprehension of their peer group. But the children are also taught and trusted early on to identify actions that support a peaceful and loving environment. One of the things that has always impressed me is the school's high level of expectation for what the kiddos are capable of achieving. From a life-skills perspective of making beds and contributing in the household to a high standard of cooperation and an expectation of peacefulness  but where to send our children once they graduate.   Ms. Janet and crew have instilled a level of knowledge and curiosity that puts the children worlds ahead of their peers at comparable schools.  Just ask the staff what percentage of children read chapter books and have been exposed to things like fractions and multiplication by the end of kindergarten.   You will be shocked at how high the figure truly is.  My son attended Community Montessori for roughly 3 years  shaping and polishing without diminishing who she is.  There is a large backyard which is ideal for play time and the school has a colorful and friendly layout.  Janet will often have various professionals visit the school to enrich the program with their special talents.  Janet and her staff put a great deal of thought into this program and it is obvious how positively that is reflected in my granddaughter's outlook  and hard working teachers. I only wish our son could have enjoyed more years at this unique and amazing school. Kudos to Janet Wheeler  I am delighted to say our child is getting a first class education that surprises us everyday!  There are four experienced teachers that have been with the school for multiple years.  The school has so many great learning areas that get changed monthly.  There is a large yard with a playground  love and respect. The expectations are clear and that makes it easy to participate in your child's education. There is regular parental involvement and the communication from Janet is consistent as she sends out plenty of reminders so that us parents can also be successful participants. It is an adorable ""one room schoolhouse"" type of environment. This allows the younger kids to learn with older students as role models while the older students have the opportunity to be a leader and feel that responsibility. Overall  but just make sure you really know what you're getting into at each school." Oh and by the way...  ARS 15-507 makes it illegal to raise your voice to a school employee even if they lose your kid.  So if PVUSD loses your child be sure to say ""pretty please with sugar on top"" and ""mother may I.""  Apparently there is no provision for the employee being a complete and total Cluster F."  they have not followed the policies that they have set forth to protect our children.  We want other parents to know that this issue is being swept under the rug and that the Paradise Valley School District does not follow the policies that they have set in place in order to maintain conduct within the school.  We are demanding that this aggressive student be relocated to another school that is better equipped to monitor his behavior." "I have sent three kids to Desert Dawn and it is truly a special place! Caring teachers who have been there forever  etc that my daughter loves & a big garden where each of the children have their own area to plant. Not to mention goats for the kids to pet. This is a true school for learning where the kids get a lot of interaction. This is NOT a daycare. Desert Dawn & it's staff are the best!" Some teachers have been at desert dawn for years and you can tell they love what they do. Ask for a tour and you will want to be a kid again to have the same experience!!" All of the teachers and helpers are what make this school so outstanding.  Many of them  have worked for the school since it opened (25+ years ago?)  We still keep in touch with Mrs. B My daughter is two and loves this school! We are so blessed to have found Desert Dawn and feel like we have found a new home.  Our daughter is learning so much and comes home every day with a smile on her face.  Everyone at this school is so caring and have done an amazing job giving our daughter a positive experience when it comes to school.  I am a teacher and know the importance to creating a positive first impression when it comes to school.  Every morning she wants to go to school and is already learning her ABC's and has really built her vocabulary.  We are excited to continue our journey with Desert Dawn in the coming years.  humanitarians with a vision and plan. Give PVUSD a shot if you move to the area. The principal at Pinnacle High School in North Phoenix But they have one of the worst ever mascots.  The PV Trojans.  Made all those classic school pride lines kinda dirty. ""Just can't hide that Trojan pride."" - always inspired some giggles.  Oh well.  Go Trojans!"  and I hope so. I don't want my niece and nephew forced to survive another drone factory." Mornings are terrible trying to get in  and out of the parking lots!  but nobody went to jail for it. In AZ at that time drinking age was 19. That didn't keep the occasional teacher and student from commingling "I enrolled my 2 year old son and 4 year old daughter into Hubbard. They've completed 2 swim lessons each and the results are dramatic. They have made huge strives in their water skills. Plus The teacher was really nice and great with little ones. They have several locations across the valley and are faily priced at $70/week."  but also teaches my husband and me how to take what he learns and apply it at home in the tub or even in the pool. The staff makes it fun with games and songs and the parents learn the right words to prepare babies to hold their breath when going under water. I think swim lessons are a must for kids here in AZ since almost everyone has a pool. And it's so great to see their progress!"  I would recommend this place.  It is not perfect but it is the best swim school we have been to." When i had my daughter we went to hubbard before she turned 6 months old for free!  For the under 6 month crowd it's purely water acclimation - you won't be getting any amazing techniques Watching all the older kids that have been going there for years reinforces the strong bond that the staff have with the kids. The kids all love going there and they love the instructors. It's a fun and safe environment!" I came here after a bad experience at a previous school (Gold Medal Swim School). My attitude about swim schools has totally changed. This place is great! Thank you!!  especially because kids this young are pretty fickle and some classes they just don't want to cooperate.  Several of the other parents in the older (paid) classes highly recommend the school and their child's progress.  Maybe I'm just being frugal because I've been assured by other parents that the classes are a good value for the money."  and flexibility in scheduling makes it the premier Valley swim school." Thank you Hubbard for being so GREAT!"  but after a short time my little one was floating on her back and pulling herself out of the pool unassisted. These skills are priceless and make the slight lack of organization at the school and over crowded lobby completely tolerable."  and locker room space is WOEFULLY inadequate.  It's a bit of a nightmare getting two kids showered and dressed after lessons.  My kids are always cold  my 5 year old is a much better swimmer than I am Some of the kids in class were already putting their heads under the water... pretty impressive!  I look forward to seeing baby's progress in the pool in the weeks an dmonths to come.  Water safety is so important in Arizona  but Hubbard Swim has made this a stress-free process.  Even switching swim class days/times has been a positive experience What a great place! The little girl I watch has went from being afraid to get her eyes wet to swimmimg on her own in no time! The instructors are so great. They went at her pace until she was ready.  5 stars. They deserve it." The environment is positive and buzzing with excitement."  baby splash class at 3 months old. The free class is available to babies 6 months & under is great for getting your child acclimated to & comfortable in the swimming pool. Our daughter is now almost 20 months old & just moved into the Lil Snappers Advanced class. She can climb out of the pool on her own "Highly recommend Hubbard Swim School on 32nd St.  Otto is the best instructor.  My daughter has been going since she was 7 months (now 2 yrs old) and she loves the water.  Every month she gets better and she loves putting on her swim suit to go to class. We now have her baby brother on the wait list and will start him soon. If you are looking for swim classes for your child  are all professional and friendly. The place is clean and has a great snack bar and play area besides. We decided to start coming here year round Excited to go back next week!" My two boys have grown up with Hubbard being a weekly part of their life for 5 years. They have had great instructors who have helped build them into great swimmers and great athletes. Our family loves Hubbard swim! We have a baby and toddler in classes. It's not survival style but our kids have learned to enjoy the water and can go under without being scared.  loves her teacher and is getting stronger." "This is a good swim school but it seems like it takes forever for the kids to learn how to swim. Teachers were nice but it was too slow. We pulled my 2 year old out because she was trying to climb the pool fence and I didn't feel like she was learning basic survival skills fast enough. They charge $72 monthly so it doesn't benefit them to push kids through the program quickly. I know kids who have been in it for 4 years I booked the entire month and they are very flexible with their schedule here." AWESOME. We had a great experience. My kids loved it here. Due to geographic concerns i swithed to Aqua tots and it was a horrible experience. Lesson learned. we will  make the extra drive and are back at Hubbard.  Hubbard is a worthwhile investment - not just for swim lessons but also as a fun thing to look forward to every week!" Victoria is already going underwater at 8 months old. We look forward to every class every week!!!"  and I'd love it if my daughter could start learning the actual fundamentals of swimming (at least for safety) I'm so entirely impressed with this school. The staff and office is so helpful and friendly. They accommodate for schedules and busy brainless parent mistakes. The instructors have all be great and perfectly gracious on my son. We love swimming and playing here! The play area is a bonus!  attentive and helpful. Mutual friends recommended this place so my 8 year old could learn how to swim. But she is learning so much more. Worth every penny. They have a play area for the kids. A snack bar where they make a great cup of coffee My son loves this place he has really liked all of his instructors.  He has been coming here since he was 1 and he is now 4 and we couldnt be more satisfied with the progress he is achieving.  We don't have a pool and with just 1 lesson a week he is learning so fast.  They have it down to a science here. Great place - clean and wonderful instructors. Website to reschedule swim lessons isn't so user friendly and sometimes the front desk is hard to get ahold of - otherwise I highly recommend! I should also add that the lessons from 8 weeks to 6 months are free!  No excuse for not going!"  and already knows how to swim on her own at age 3!  Very friendly staff from the front desk to the instructors.  I had a great experience with management as well after a schedule mix up."   we stayed in the Thunderbird location for the sole purpose of her instructor that she adored (Cass).  We made the agreement to move her to the Phoenix location when she would move up to next level and have to have a different instructor.  Let's fast forward to when she finally graduated to next level (no longer swimming with my husband or I and will only be swimming with aid of her instructor).  We knew the transition would be difficult and we certainly anticipated a great amount of crying (and boy were we right).  The staff at the North Phoenix location made the experience a million times easier not just for our daughter but for us as well.  The manager came over to speak to us about the process and ease us as she was wailing loud enough that you can probably hear her two stores down (she be but little but she is fierce).  We informed the manager we had anticipated her reaction but felt badly for her classmates as we did not want to short them from their class.  As we said this to manager we see another staff instructor walk over to her class to assist with other students so she and the teacher (Angelica I recommend them 100% and will DEFINITELY be back again!" "The place itself is a bit old school but the people working inside were super helpful and amazing to talk too. I am not normally a person who likes to chat it up with the people working but they sure made me feel comfortable. I went on a Tuesday night and I was there for three hours getting a haircut Bottom line....I wouldn't go back there if they were offering FREE services!!" VERY DISAPPOINTED & WILL NEVER EVER GO TO THIS PLACE."  to the previous people that say they didn't learn anything; I feel sorry for them.  If you take initiative to learn and get the most out of it; you will. I highly recommend this school & look forward to going to school everyday!"  need to learn a bit about customer service. We are your clients and help you teach your students. Get off your high horse. I won't be back." Learn a little customer service and teach your students. Isn't that what they are paying for and maybe get rid of the dead weight that gives your salon a bad name. If it were not for one or two teachers you would have a better rating" NAeNoYysFWCSTonevDU7JQ I graduated from sca in 99 & now my children attend the school.  I absolutely love the elementary staff.  What a joy to watch my children learning the bible and applying it to real life.  I don't have to worry about what world view the teacher is trying to teach my kids. This is a great school.  I will defend the integrity of the school because it has been such an amazing experience for our children.  LOVE it -" KkRK8hZWOBj1ZZkC00cMhg  I feel that this school does NOT prepare the kids for high school or college correctly. It was a big mistake to send my kid there. Save your money and send them to public school. If your worried about Christian values then teach them at home. That's what parents are there for. It's not the schools responsibility to teach these values." Fantastic school with excellent education standards and a great Administration that's responsive to  parents. "Wonderful caring community of teachers and administrators. My daughter is learning above her grade level and is making true and life long friends. We have been pleased with the ability for my daughter to get extra help if needed or to advance as needed. Small class sizes make for individual attention  etc so the school has tried but many of these kids are already spread thin after school.  We have been there for several years and I know from reviewing the national testing that my kids do every year that all 3 kids are at or way above grade level (even my child that struggles.) Your child will be pushed but PVCC believes in their students and they will provide the means to build confidence in the kids and to help them be successful and to grow in their abilities so the kids can stand on their own to be successful in later academic endeavors." I went to this school in the 80's and now my kids go there. Our family are huge fans of Mrs Temple and our teachers have been awesome! Best Christian school in Phx!  helped him with her strict but encouraging way that brought him up to speed and beyond by the second half of the year. She never made him feel badly for being behind 