 knowledgeable and helpful sales folks who negotiated good pricing and delivery folks were good as well.  I cannot imagine a better place to buy appliances in the Charlotte area."  and it's nice when the quality of service is as good as or better than the big chains. Queen City didn't disappoint!" We'd recommend them over the national big box stores I highly recommend Queen City if you want a knowledgeable sales team that goes the extra mile "They don't stand behind the products they sell. $3 Slowest customer service in charlotte  I am not hard to please.  I had to visit VZW because the sound was too low during phone calls.  VZW could not repair it and sent me to the Apple Store.  Apple could not repair it so they replaced my device.  Four hours later Once I made my decision he helped me get everything set-up and even charged the phone for me a bit since I told him I'd be travelling.  All in all it was a great experience and I would have no issue returning here for future purchases or help."  and then the last day its about getting you in and getting you out as quick as possible." I'm still waiting for the iPhone 5 to come out (probably tomorrow) but so far I am very happy I made the ""switch.""" HKDekQegywCXBAm8PFw1MQ Took 40mins (and i was next in line) for me to exchange my 2 chargers that I had 2 replace 4months ago.the guy that helped me was to busy checking out women to wait on me What turned out to be just a trip to the store to buy a phone quickly turned into an opportunity to grow my business." "Some of the worst customer service we've ever encountered. We've been ""next"" on the list for 45m. Understandable that it's a friday night "i went to day and bought the Otterbox defender for my new iphone 6. Briana helped me and she was super nice This is my fourth time coming back due to inventory and no fault of the stores. I'm continued to be so disappointed by the ""hostess"". They really act like you're an inconvenience. Will probably be my last trip and just drive an hour and a half to go to my home store. Really disappointed. This is not the experience I'm accustomed to receiving from verizon."  however that is acceptable at a busy time. My representitive Tim was the most useless salesman I've ever met. Didn't ask me about what I was interested in and pretty much just kept telling me to call customer service. I was about to renew my contract and buy a brand new phone but I can tell you now I'm going to AT&T tomorrow. Terrible service Why in the world do all of your stores in Yelp say you are open until 8pm on Sunday? Can't you pay someone to Update that crap? "These guys did some customized work on a car I recently bought from a dealership.  When I noticed a very minor issue with the appearance of the navigational system in my car "These guys are awesome. The sun shade that covers my sun roof (which they did not install) had come off the track. Dave fixed it very quickly and noticed that the glass was deglazing and looked it up and it had been recalled. Immediately replaced it with a temporary glass and ordered a new one for me. The new glass came in 2 days later  and the quotes that I heard while standing around on my two trips all seemed beyond reasonable.  All I can vouch for is the sunroof service  so it was all on me. I needed to have a glass piece of my sunroof replaced.  They did a great job at a great price  professional and great prices.. Definitely recommend these guys.." This is truly the best A V company in the country. Their prices can't be beat by and far. Their sales reps are great and treat their customers great. I can't stop recommending this place to everyone that comes in to my office. If you need anything from a microphone to a full sound system give these guys a call. Tried to purchase some DJ equipment from this company. My order was denied because my billing address for my credit card was different from my shipping address. Really?! I run several companies and have never run into to this. One of my companies the billing address is our PO Box and the mailing address is the store front or what if I wanted to send a gift to someone? I obviously can't do it through Full Compass.  Also why do you offer the option of a alternate billing or mailing address? Doesn't make sense especially in this economy. I'll be sure to send along my $600+ receipt from the company that's okay with a different mailing address. Save youraelf the frustration and time!"  and cultivate a good relationship.  As with most businesses "Done a service repair for a broken Sub.. FAST TURNAROUND! Crazy! I called them 3 days Easy pick up during regular business hours. I was showed how to use the equipment and it was loaded into my car. Equipment was easy to set up during our event and the sound quality was great! Quick and simple return. Will definitely use them again!" "I always buy my Reel to reel tapes from these guys. They have the best prices for them + they always take care of my orders in a timely manner. I would not go anywhere else but here. Recently I bought a yamaha hifi CD player from them. Very competetive prices. Also wanted to buy a Turntable  but expensive) and it was shipped in an envelope. Envelope delivered and put on ground. Product was impacted and broken before it was even out of the package. Delicate product was not shipped with appropriate packaging. Consequently I could have used a different vendor and be sculpting sounds instead of writing this negative review. But I chose Full Compass...for the last time. Good luck with your business. I'm shopping B&H or Sweetwater from now on."  because of this I followed up with a phone call as soon as they opened that morning to make sure they could be here in time. I was assured that they were in stock and would be here the next day. After all day I never received a shipping confirmation so I called again. I was told they would be sent out on the 5pm shipment and again assured they would be here today. I even have a voicemail from a guy named Josh saying that it was being packed up right then to ship. This morning I had still not received a confirmation of shipping so I called again. I was told by a guy named Reid that he needed to check with the warehouse and would call me back. That never happened. I call again  patient and very knowledgeable about products and services! Would definitely recommend!"  and use a trustworthy company that'll take care of the little customers they have.  Can't believe this is a real company."  20 days after placing the order and they still tell me they have not shipped it out. on their website it said it would take 7-14 for me to receive this item. if you dont have this item dont falsely advertise that nonsense. i dont know how they are in store but as for online "Don't count on the people in this store to give you complete information. If they'd listened to me and addressed my needs Very unhelpful. The staff did not even attempt to address my needs.  I would have not learned about any of these things. I was less than impressed with the customer service I received. It was so poor that I almost just walked out of the store without buying anything. She was lucky I already knew what I wanted." "I was very disappointed at the service I got here.  My iphone is 1 1/2 years old and was turning off on me constantly.  I didn't drop it and never had problems before.  I went to the store for help and they checked the battery and then told me there is nothing they can do unless I purchase a warranty on the phone.  I went home and deleted old photos and videos and updated the software and it no longer shuts off.  I just think it's ridiculous they told me there was nothing they could do unless I bought a warranty  and attentive!! Alex is the manager we worked with and he is also extremely knowledgeable (and a good salesperson too). We had a defective antennae on our long-awaited iPhone 6; it couldn't be authorized or connect to cellular service. Both Verizon and Apple tried hard to troubleshoot over the phone for HOURS The worst cell phone experience of my life. The staff was rude and directed my to call the hotline and quit wasting their time. I would recommend going somewhere else unless you like being insulted and taken advantage of. qt3WwxMYShshHX7UsyTK-g "Sales staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Toni helped me and she broke out pricing differences and helped me to make a decision that worked within my budget for switching phones. I was on a very old plan and she showed me how to get more data on a different plan.when I asked her to explain all elements of the pricing  I totally love that they have the same song playing that they have had since the dawn of time playing on the loudspeakers." "Don't shop here.  The owner John Menard is PURE EVIL...  Menards is a terrible place to work  and I'm happy that they were willing to make a small exception to their rules If I have to ever return here it will be only for the lumber and building materials selection which is far superior to The HD or Lows."  but the lack of wasp spray had me downgrade a smidge. We stopped in here looking for 2 things: some wood stain touch-up stuff and wasp spray. They had numerous options for the first  but when all you need is bags on concrete it's annoying to have to make that trek. The new checkout lines are set up in a really dumb way. It forces the checkout person to have their back to you for most of the time that they are checking you out and you have to bag things yourself now. Inside the store I've had to hunt around when I did need help with something  but what I got instead was a poorly organized store.  Had to hunt down a putty knife.  Spackle and wood putty are on a different side of the store from putty knives and sandpaper.  They carry a random assortment of food items "Was hoping to get the right parts for our leaky shower handle.  Its a sad day when YouTube is more helpful then these employees.  As my wife points out  money saved is time spent."  I accidentally dropped a bottle of rust remover gel in this store and it spilled everywhere. I did the right thing and went to the service counter to let them know. The guy behind the counter said nothing and called someone to the front to clean it up. It was an awkward exchange given he didn't say anything. Usually a costumer service person would say ""don't worry about it"" or ""no problem"" after you apologize for making a mess but whatever  albeit shoddily since the ends were all chewed to bits. Glad I grabbed a big old stack of sandpaper "Wow. Literally worse customer service in the department store industry...what a JOKE the staff (older man and ""manager"") at customer service acted as if I were interrupted the pope for god sakes (no pun intended...okay maybe a little) I didn't realize pay customers I just wish you could enter and exit through both sides of the store like at the Depot." Worst customer service ever! 45 minutes before closing. Employees avoid you  instead of helping you find what you are looking for. Then when you ask for your paint to be shaken. They tell you in a stern voice NO WE ARE CLOSING AND DON'T HAVE TIME. $350 purchase and they make you bag it at the regester. time to switch to Home Depot.  2011. I went in to purchase a power surge for my new big screen television. She walked me over to the items they had on sale and helped me select the best product for my unit. I had a few other questions on products I was unsure what to buy. She told me what I needed and showed me the items in the store that would work best for me. I carried a friendly conversation with her as she was very pleasant to talk to. I am impressed on the amount of knowledge she had on the products they offered. I am clueless on anything related to technologies so all her help was truly appreciated."  and I'm just not that kind of dude.  I've never used the term ""mercy killing"" to describe a commercial establishment  I don't think I'll shop anywhere but online again for my phone needs. The human factor made the shopping icky." Oh brother what a bummer." Something good is going on at that shop and based on my experience (a) I highly recommend them; and (b) I'm sticking with Verizon!"  I can't quite think of something that rolls off my tongue but Bob was the man who worked and worked on my phone and got all my pictures back. He saved my life  he was nice and I got the phone and plan i wanted....but only because I had researched it myself.  Don't expect them to know what they're talking about  saying they've had problems with him before. My question was: WHY THE HELL DOES HE STILL WORK THERE?!?! He asked what he could do to make us happy and I asked for the regional manager's phone number. He provided the regional manager's cellular number This location of Verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent  of a car wreck.  people dont get my texts or they get a couple words from it AND i cant use my apps Most inefficient place I've been at.  Told it would be 30min and turned out to be an hour.  All I needed to do was replace a carrier clip.  Everyone was pissed off in the store.  You can't get simple service without waiting.  The only positive was the guy who checked us in finally got a clue and got me a new clip before my name was called.  The want personalized service but there only getting pissed off customers once they start to help them out.  Oh yea employees there park in the prime parking in front of the store.  I noticed this while we were waiting.   If you have a lot of spare time on your hands then this is the place for u. I will never go back to this store. they are LUCKY to get even this 1 star ...if possible i would of given them -5.....EXTREMELY RUDE....I will never walk into this location again.....AVOID at all costs this location!!!!  handed him my credit card and was told I needed a different card because the card I gave him (with my matched ID) didn't match the address on the account. I told him that the account is in somebody else's name and I could give him my proper billing information. He told me ""No  drive the 6 miles to the other one on 44th and Thomas where they actually will help you."  after a week my phone stopped working properly. i went back to the store and after explaining to the employee how the phone suddently broke they agreed to exchange it. they recovered my contacts and were respectful. so 4 stars for this store with great customer service"  Enough time for me to explain the differences between phones to my friend. We looked around and still no help. So we left I looked at one group of associates and said thanks for your help in deciding what store not to come back to. She just smiled and said have a nice day!" Love this store! Corbin (the tall one) is awesome! They're very helpful and i didnt wait long at all!  but not today. 10 minute or less wait. 10 minutes or less to set up new account activate phone for which I am most grateful. While I have ulterior motives for activating this phone for only one month maximum Lots of parking outside If you are young and hot Miguel will move you to the front of line maybe even skip you a few more times just because he doesn't like the way you look.  I ended my service after 12 years of being a loyal customer.   This was not the only reason!  Just where I finally realized Verizon really does not appreciate its customers.  Verizon. Keep it classy." Verizon is going to have to do a lot of butt kissing to keep me with them when the 2 years is up."  and asked me to leave immediately because I had my dog with me. I had brought the dog with me before. They said it was company policy  but I am here all the time and have never had a good experience. They over sell me ubreakwefix down the way helped me with my Android power connection "Really really poor customer service. I will never go back in to a verizon store. All of my changes and purchases will be done with the amazing people working online and on the phones. Walked out with a new iPhone6 and my sales rep ""set it up"" for me without my concent. C'mon man at least give me the courtesy of telling me that I needed to go home connect to wireless and upload my &@$ from the cloud. Had to reset whole phone to pull all my info in. Thank you Verizon sales associate for wasting my time. ""All set"" please!!!!!  Never never again.   Boo!!!!!" Service is solely based on what they are able to sell you on commission." Having been a customer for this long I've never encountered someone who made me feel uncomfortable and like an idiot. Wonder if Sprint would do the same. Might have to check then out this weekend." Added bonus if you've read this far -At the risk of being in hot water with my wife I :/ decided to buy a Bluetooth Bose system from him because I know that helps their stats somehow(...and I really needed an excuse to buy one)."  the store closed at 7:00pm and I got there at 7:02 and was met at the door and told sorry we are closed. Not wanting to hear what was wrong or anything. I tried to tell the guy that I just drove from the other side of town and he didn't want to hear it and didn't care. ""Sorry we are closed I felt extremely happy with my purchase/upgrade. I  worked with Charlie Gomez. He greeted me immediately and helped me right away.   Although I knew what phone I wanted Charlie really took the time with me; he saw my current plan and changed it for the better keeping it at the same price. He was very knowledgeable on prices and was able to really explain to me what kind of charges I would be seeing on my next bill.  He also took the time to help me sync all my information to my new phone which took MUCH longer than expected. In that time Charlie was super patient with how long that was taking (I was in the store 15mins after close.) During this time he explained the benefit of trading In my old phone for a tablet which I ended up taking one home! I felt extremely comfortable and confident in every decision I made. Charlie even took time to really build the relationship with me as the customer asking questions about me and not making it seem like I was just another transaction. Really pleased with my experience with Charlie and Verizon.  He's a great asset to the team!! "These idiots don't know one bit about what they are talking about. Probably one of the worse stores in North Phoenix. Can we get some technology literate people here please? Never coming to this store again  so I declined and got a refund for the phone and taking my business to another company. I dont' give them no stars because its not possible" Very helpful came in to close my account with a a sleeping toddler in my arms.  My name was taken at the door I was invited to sit down. Once my name was up there play came and sat next to me and helped me accomplish everything I need it without even having to stand. It was great and very much appreciated. "I will put a fife star service because of mine previous experience with this store. Today I was trying to call for about 1 hour and still could not connect with the store. Finally decide to drive down there and I am here with a 40min waiting period. Probably weekend is the worst day to come to the store. I will suggest for the managers to have more workers on the weekend so the line is not so big on waiting. The service is excellent and all the guys and girls are professional and they know what they do. Because off all the service a reserved I will wait I to get served  "The customer service at this location is extremely lacking. There were many employees available in the store doing nothing however i still had to wait about an hour to get seen. The managers on shift Great service!!! I went into this store to upgrade my phone in the process went very smooth. Every time I'm in I am treated with respect and courtesy. I will come back! The personnel at this company have the authority to promise one thing and deliver another  put the glass on then slipped my phone in the case. He even asked for my account to look up if it was registered that I was military 'cause I get 25% off! I never knew this. My account was registered as a military account so I got the discount. Think I spent at most 10 minutes here. That's solid service. Thanks Heath." Lena Solutions manager - service with an attitude after 40 mins wait.... just awful avoid and use another store I love this store. I've always revived the best customer service here. Toni Monley is on of the best employees Version has. "" and those guys are not looking out for your best interest.  They just want lots of money.  At Sun Valley "Looking for cheap stereo for my pickup. They recommended bottom end Pioneer for $100 plus $30 install.  Fast service "I had bought an alarm system from somewhere else and came to these guys to get it installed.  Not only were they polite Any future car stereo needs I have will absolutely be directed to this long time Valley company and I recommend them without reservation to anyone needing anything car stereo related." I will definitely be back here to get everything else done. Low pressure sales that focuses on getting you what's right for you and not what makes them the most money. Combine that with quick expert installers and great prices and this is by far the BEST place in the valley to get your audio hookup"  it's on the south side of Thomas." My friend and I attempted to install an after-market stereo ourselves but ran into a bunch of problems and accidently shorted a few fuses.  The Sun Valley guys were able to fix the damage we caused and install everything perfectly in under an hour and the cost was still no more than a normal install."  and were able to work within my budget without cutting corners or breaking the bank. Thank you I had a hard time finding a car stereo this time around... I found one that I liked at Sun Valley. They were helpful but not pushy. Stereo prices were typical retail- could have bought cheaper online  but convinced me not to get the more expensive brands. Thats how you know your dealing with a good business. Dont waste your time going to the rip off known as best buy   I was leery of car audio stores in general. I gave this store a shot after the great reviews here and was not disappointed. Ryan is a great salesperson who helped me choose the right alarm for my car and even gave me caveats when I wanted to add more sensors instead of making a quick buck.  They went over all the features after the install and I am very satisfied with my alarm install. I'll be going back to upgrade my deck soon." xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ  I decided an alarm system would be a worthwhile investment.  Unfortunately I suffered some serious sticker shock at a competitor's place before I came to SVS.  Not only did I get exactly what I wanted for 1/3 less than the competitor (with NO pushy sales pitch--a very welcome change!) "What a fantastic experience. I was in town buying a vehicle when I decided I wanted to get an iPod cable installed. After finding this place on Yelp I stopped by to get an estimate. Ryan researched my vehicle and told me that due to its age the cable wasn't possible  good quality and perfect service.  If you value your car and good work Now this place looks real ghetto from the outside but do not let looks fool you. This place does quality work at a good price. They even do internet matching. They worked on my brand new 2013 Tacoma (my baby). Installed a custom built sub box behind the seat I'll keep coming back to Sun Valley and Ryan for everything I need. Well done!" These guys did a great job installing my double din pioneer.  Great price.  Install looks flawless and kit makes stereo look oem.  You will not be disappointed.  I am very very picky about my car stereo stuff and they surpassed my expectations.  installation looks great and my car sounds even better. Staff very knowledgable and didnt try up selling or any nickel & dime-ing me." and 4 new speakers in my Nissan Xterra...I did not want to break the bank and just wanted something clean and simple and better than stock speakers....We broke it down to $400.00 with install..He even gave me a break on the  install since I went with the new speakers.. I also found out for a new head unit install is only $60.00 if you just wanting to get a new head unit in..Thats a nice fair price for wiring and install I payed the man they got to work right away...I went across the street and got a burger and sat down to eat to kill some time...I ended up walking back over after I ate and sat in the store for about 10 minutes before my car was ready. From start to finish it only took about an hour and half..Nice and fast...The guy who did the install showed me the unit and features and was very nice as well...If your thinking about going anywhere else dont....give these guys a try....They made it easy to spend my money and not feel bad about it buy giving me a great product "Sun Valley Stereo was awesome!  My stereo went out and according to the car dealership the solution was a $300 repair!  I  found Sun Valley through Yelp and they squeezed me in the very next day.  Turns out all I needed was a new cable which they replaced and charged me $15 dollars for!  No labor. No charge to figure out what was wrong and the people there were SUPER nice.  They had me in and out in less than half an hour.  If you have any audio or alarm needs I chose this place based on the great reviews on Yelp and my experience was exactly as expected. I brought my BMW 535 to them for a custom amp install and it looks and sounds great. Highly recommended. I highly recommend them!" There was a post-install issue with the mounting supplies that came with my first product and Ryan told me to drive in so he could get it fixed right away. When I brought my new car in many months later with the same product "I recently went in to have them install a JL Audio 700/5 amp with a JL Audio 10"" sub. I was so satisfied with the work that I went in the following day to have speakers installed. The staff was very helpdful and they don't just look to sell you anything. I plan on going back to have a remote start installed. I would recommend this place to anyone!!" Anyways people might have been satisfied and maybe I was just unlucky but I'm not going back. I'm happy my door gave me signs of trouble before I dropped off my civic for a new stereo speakers and tinting. I pay experts to be good at their job otherwise I'd just hire a bum to take my money and break my $hit."  and was reasonably priced.  Highly recommend this place to all....thank you Sun Valley Stereo." "Ryan has contacted me to apologize and pay for repairs to my door latch. I hate to think that so many has rewarded this company for its quality of work. I don't want to take away from that. I think it is a possibility that I just got rare off day at this shop. Wish them the best. Thank you "Once again I found myself back at Sun Valley Stereo.  This time with a new car that was all promises and no function for what I needed.  Not only do they consistently provide great customer service  I'll be the guy with my windows rolled down  was called and told the car was ready at 1200.  This is the place to go to for this type of work.  Professional  and I couldn't be happier with the job they did.  The price is very reasonable; it actually was less than they initially quoted me because they ended up not needing one of the parts.  I know next to nothing about car stereos and I wouldn't have known the difference Kudos to  sun valley stereo.  I recommend them to anyone who will listen." Excellent customer service. Highly recommend this company for installation AND customer service. It took them maybe about one hour to install the speakers and now my sound system in my car has been great improved! I highly recommend going to Sun Valley Stereo if you're looking to improve the sound system in your vehicle."  and we worked together to verify that all the parts were in to upgrade my 2004 RX-8 with a Pioneer 4000NEX touchscreen and back-up camera before I drove 90 minutes for the work. When I first left there was some adjustments needed. They took me back in without hesitation and made everything right. The installer was committed to treating my car like it was his own. He took the extra steps to make it all right  subs and an amp all installed by Ryan's staff. They are very knowledgable and will go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied with your install. Never do they try to upsell or get you to buy anything you don't need  you get the best. I've been a customer since 2007 and plan to be for a long time." Great job on our mini-motorhome; added new dash Radio/GPS/Bluetooth/DVD Player/Back-up camera.  Also did some sophisticated speaker wiring in the coach of RV.  With scheduling up-front they were able to complete job while we waited. Great value for quality service! Decided after coming back from a year overseas to pull the trigger on a new stereo system. Saw several of the comments here and figured why not give them a shot. I could not be more happy with the system Ryan helped me pick out for my jeep. He even kept me from over spending on useless junk and helped me spread out the money I did have for a great system! Try them you won't be disappointed. xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ  Midrange & Tweeters along with a 10"" SubWoofer.  Also got the Auto start with my Alarm.  THIS SYSTEM KICKS ASS and my Mom's first reaction when she heard me approach her place was ""BOY YOU GONNA GET ARRESTED!!!!""  I was OVERLY HAPPY with what I got. Very professional look on the install and it work perfectly with my Steering Wheel controls.  The only thing I will say that I wished they would have done is put a GRATE on the SubWoofer. the Speaker protrudes from the box it could be damage if something fell into it." Since my initial review I did go back one more time a few weeks later to install a new stereo system as well to replace my old one. It's such a great improvement and now the sound system is sounding better than ever! I really cannot praise Ryan and his crew highly enough for their service and they are also very knowledgeable folks at what they do." I have nothing but good things to say about Ryan and Sun Valley Stereo.  I purchased a full system setup in 2009 from them for my old 1990 Buick which sounds spectacular.  They custom fitted everything and have always been available to fix things cheaply and fairly as needed.  I will always use them for my audio system needs. xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ Sounds great now!  Thanks Ryan."  they're directly across the street from Long Wong's so you can grab lunch while they're installing your setup."  he ordered some parts he needed with a small deposit and I had my install a few days later all for almost half of Audio Express quote. I'll be sure to be back for any work in the future...." xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ "I came to Sun Valley Stereo last month and had them completely re-do my audio system in my Nissan Z. Im super picky about work done on my car and I must say that Ryan and his team did a flawless job "Very happy with the service I got here.  Not only was the installation of my purchase done quickly Sun valley stereo is amazing! Ryan and the crew were informative and helpful. Brought my car back after having an issue with my subs and he helped me figure out the problem  and I would  definitely recommend  everyone giving Sun Valley Stereo the  opportunity to make them as happy as they made me for a very reasonable price. Believe me it will be worth the drive from anywhere these guys are THE BEST." Installed and Alpine GPS stereo in my Corvette that looks like it was original. Best price I could find too! I highly recommend this place; it's the only shop of its kind I'll do business with now."  and the quality of the equipment and service that Sun Valley provided.  The same people have worked there for many years and they are very very good at what they do.  I would never even consider going anywhere else." "I took my recently restored 1968 Cutlass to Sun Valley Stereo.  Ryan and his team did a beautiful job installing an ""old school"" looking Retrosound radio  and a 2-Din head unit. This company is top notch and the installation was done to perfection. I am so glad I followed my gut and did not take my business to Audio Express or Best Buy. You will receive quality service at a quality price every time with Sun Valley Stereo."  and very knowledgeable.  They beat the other prices I got by enough to make me think I was forgetting something!  I scheduled an appointment to get everything installed yesterday.  Picked up the car last night and man they did some nice work.  My guess is they ran 4 different cables/wires throughout my car (front to back and side to side) and I don't see evidence of ANY.  My only very minor complaint is I wanted my usb cable run to my armrest but it was run to the glove compartment.  It's a minor issue and maybe I'll go back and have them fix that when I have them re-tint my windows.  I'm going to take my wife's car there to have her windows tinted too.  I was very impressed.  I would ding them on the 5 star rating to maybe a 4.97 if it was available but dropping it to 4 star isn't realistic.  These guys are that good.  I highly recommend them." "Another example of a business that goes above and beyond for their customer.  Recently returned to Sun Valley Stereo for a second time. I can say that I'm not surprised they went out of there way to help me out Took my motorhome to Sun Valley stereo Ryan the manager took good care of me John installed the stereo system they put all new speakers and antenna it is so cool they did the best job ever and they didn't charge me a lot of money I highly recommend them thank you John and the guys at Sun Valley stereo  and brought it in to get it checked out. Turned out rewiring was needed. Got a great price and stereo is working great! Definitely will return soon."  And must say it's the best work I've seen great crew and John & Ryan   knowledge about what you need for best sounding system  is amazing. Never left dissatisfied." xI_iG7X6BcdLtj57bkUOqQ  but it wasn't a stressful environment. If a person asked a question of an employee walking by they actually stopped to help. If I ever need anything car audio I would like Phoenix  to know how great this locally  owned and operated family business is.  John and Cassi are absolutely  amazing. I am glad I chose Sun Valley and supported  this local business. I can't  be more pleased with their service. Thanks guys! So I just had my 2nd visit here getting some work done to my system. Ryan has always been really knowledgable and walked me through a couple options. He fixed my botched install no problem and came back at a VERY reasonable price. They will continue to be my choice for car audio.  For me to write a review it either has to be amazing or horrible. These guys are amazballs!!!  that has been going there since the 80's! I won't go anywhere else. Oh yea...they have TV and nice Water for ya "I hate to be a blemish on a solidly favorable list of reviews. That must be why I waited 7 months to write this. But my experience wasn't that great. Yes the business model is good. No attempt at all at overselling. And the selection is a short and sweet list of economical and and excellent equipment. The markup with installation is reasonable. The problem I had was with the installation in my 2010 Outlander. The driver door pioneer speaker sounded either loose or blown. I live in Buckeye so bringing it back was a bit of a hassle. I was told  I spilled a soda on it and brought it back in to get looked at due to it malfunctioning. They found the problem right away and referred me to someone who could fix it. Then I brought it back in to have it out back in. These guys do a great job. Highly recommend coming in."  within a couple of hours they straightened the entire audio system out and it was very affordable. The sound is about 2 times what I thought would be. The staff was very patient with me and very professional. I highly recommend Sun Valley Audio!!!" So update.. Devin called and offered an apology which I was not expecting a call back but I'm so appreciative that I did... A lot of business don't care to fix their mishaps so because he did The prices are very reasonable and I feel Ryan gives you an honest and realistic opinion on upgrade paths. I definitely don't feel like hes just trying to sell the most expensive thing he can and will give you a good recommendation based on your car and budget." These guys straight up rock! I was never pressured to buy something I didn't want and was counseled on what I needed to do to get my car audio up to speed. I highly recommend these guys I had a great experience and will definitely be back to do business with them again. "Ryan and his crew installed my amp and sub I had purchased elsewhere. Ford Rangers have small cabs and I had the installer remove some parts behind the seat to make room for the equipment.  Took about 1hr 45min to install. My total price including the amp install kit was less than the  amount I'd spend on motrin to alleviate the headache of a self-install.  They did a good job and I had a large grin as I drove away Scheduled an appointment with Ryan to have a Overhead DVD player installed in our minivan. Install came out great! No hidden fees or charges. Quoted price was what I paid. After install Ryan and the technician went over how our new DVD player worked and etc. Nice waiting area and great selection of products. Ryan was pretty knowledgable about anything I asked him in regards to sound and etc. I Highly recommend Sun Valley stereo for any Audio/Video needs. Thank you for getting me in and installing a new subwoofer in my Jeep Wrangler 2001. They were professional and courteous. Look forward doing business with your store in the future. Great prices$$$. Best place for car stereo installation. Ryan and his team are super friendly and helpful. I looked around a few other places before coming here and they beat the other quotes by $75!! I will for sure come back.  and I am very pleased with the result. For 40+ years I have done my own installations so I can say with certainty that Sun Valley Stereo did it right and in fact did a better job than I ever could have. The workmanship is great and the materials they used were higher quality than I typically used. They do installs all day every day so they have a level of knowledge and expertise that a regular grunt will never have. No broken or warped panels ncbPwUlEZ0DxRwIoiCMSgQ  and young people who still see the good in people...I appreciate that!"  the store manager had me stay in the front of the store and opted to tell me the item I was looking for was sold out. I won't be finding myself coming to this store anytime soon. Huge thumbs down."  and you know how I like a free 'droiding :-)" "Sold me the world's worst phone without telling me the Droid was comming out in 2 weeks. Stuck with a Samsung SEGA for another 6 months. Does all tech stuff great. Sucks as a phone. Can't hear a86O40QjwMxqaQYo9ZBM3Q  I'd go so far as to suggest I hate them - but the service here as actually outstanding from the moment I walked in the door until the time I left.  Worked with a young man named Preston who set up my new phone  and they even gave us a discount for our patience along with a pretty substantial discount for the phones we were turning in. Juan was the manager that night and he was fun "The customer service at this place is awful. I waited for 15 minutes before I was put on a waiting list to wait even longer. Then on the waiting list  terrible customer service. Wanted nothing to do with me since all I needed was a phone case. Probably could have upgraded my phone. Camelback location here I come."  kind and efficient. My new iPhone had to be ordered. When it came in I went back to Verizon to have it activated and set up. I asked specifically for Khloe. Again she was very friendly and knowledgeable and made the normally dreaded experience a pleasant one!" Horrible customer service. They seem to not understand the concept of a customer service desk for simple returns and exchanges and non-accounts related questions. All it takes is one customer service rep to be dedicated for minor small issues. The rest of the longer process questions can go through the normal process but find a way to get the quick ones out faster. This is just common sense waiting an hour in order to process a minute exchange was ridiculous.  but you guys went from being my favorite store to me just making my purchase from Amazon online. Your smart mouth sales person at the door "I've had some problems in the past with this place's  customer service but I went here the other day and its improved but there is still a long way to go. I was expecting to wait around 20 minutes to be helped but I was helped in about 10 minutes. Even though I was at the store for 3 hours My husband and I both upgraded and received great customer service from JR. We went to upgrade his phone and then upgraded mine because it was so fast. Great service :)  he said go ahead and that the new company would be able to take over our numbers!  Wow.  The funny thing is when i called the main Customer Service center about another issue i had with this store a couple of weeks ago they told me this store sucks and they get so many complaints about it.  I suggest if you want to stay with Verizon to pick a different store." We waited for over an hour and a half for associate Gina to stop smacking her gum and flirting with customers just to get a replacement phone that we had already ordered. She was so dumb and did not seem like she knew what she was doing. Kept walking away when we needed answers to questions and gave us two wrong customer service numbers. Super unimpressed and aggravated with the service we got. Makes us think twice about having this phone service. Too many problems with this store to list and I'm not the only one! The reviews speak for themselves. POOR SERVICE AT BEST!"  answered the phone and told me to just come into the store instead because he couldn't promise that my In store pick would be ready but the store could process a new order. I was very irritated as I had gone through the entire checkout process but needed to catch a flight so rushed over to the store. I waited for 20 minutes before Greg came to assist me. I told him I knew exactly what I wanted so this should be quick. He returned with my new phone and a screen protector which I never even asked for and he added it on to my transaction as if I had to purchase it. After he input my account info he asked for a signature which at that point I asked what insurance he selected. He never asked me and again defaulted to what he thought I should have. I said please change it to the one I wanted. He began loudly questioning me as to why I didn't want the coverage he selected. I was beyond irritated at this point and rolled my eyes at his aggressive behavior. At that point he lost his mind and started yelling at me that I would be without a phone with my insurance for 3 days and  made a comment about me rolling my eyes. It was actually scary  pushy and exspensive.  Sadly they have the best cell coverage around."  and he was so helpful and friendly that I felt compelled to write a review. I would venture to say that in all the years I've been going to Verizon for my cell services  change from the two year contract to the new Verizon 6 GB plan and I want to have $300 credited towards our purchase for the new phones OR I'll accept a statement credit. That's it."  some thing are good and some things need work. The managers in this store are fast food employees that need to be taught that we  it's a high pressure commission based environment.   Once they have your money and you under contract they could care less about helping you with anything.  Tech Supprt at 611 is worthless for any real problems and they send you to a store to sell you stuff you don't need.  Verizon sucks but they are all pretty much the same." Verizon has to do something about the morons supposedly managing this store. I agree with the comment made earlier that they are fast food caliber at best. When I asked the manager for his name he literally took his hand and hid his name - too afraid to let me know. The good news is everyone saw the kind of 'disservice ' they deliver at this store.  Customers and staff alike. Avoid this place if at all possible. 2 trips; 2 nightmares. "I went in yesterday to trade in my phone for a new iPhone 6S Plus.  Ali helped me (with backup from Theresa the manager).  The team work in the store was evident with the manager backing people up.  Ali was competent I won't be renewing my contract." "great customer service by Troy. We moved from a blackberry to a galaxy S7 and Troy was very helpful explaining everything and the new plan we qualified for is GREAT! Part of the plan includes a Samsung tablet  as I will still return for more abuse in the future." Great customer  service. Omar was very nice and helpful. They  took their time and helped me with the purchase  of my phone. I would definitely  recommend  them. "Every time...every time we get a new smartphone (we have five on our plan) something gets screwed up.  Last time it screwed up my husbands work email when I got a new phone (go figure) and made him look bad for his clients who contact him via email.  Lots of time wasted figuring out what was going wrong.  This time "This place is awesome. I brought my Dyson in which was dirty and not suctioning. They told me when to call for a quote "I like this place! I needed my Necchi sewing machine to be serviced/repaired and found this place on google. I called ahead to ask what a typical repair price was and they said that it would be $29.99 for a diagnosis and then they would call to let me know what the balance would be if I decided to go ahead with the service. I asked if repairs usually cost $100 or so and the guy on the phone assured me that they don't "If I could give this place zero stars I would. Steer clear of Mr Vac & Sew if you're looking to trade in an old vacuum for one of theirs. His inofrmation about trade ins is very misleading. I brought in a one year old vacuum to trade in on another and was told up front (I'll give the owner this much) that the trade values could range from $0 to $100. I found four vacuums that I was interested in and the owner told me that a trade in was not available...for any of them. Come on....FOUR DIFFERENT VACUUMS - FOUR DIFFERENT MODELS and no trade in allowance? When I asked why  honest service every time.  Do yourself a favor and skip the hours on the internet comparing prices - just go straight to Mr. Vac & Sew to get your new machine.  You won't be sorry!"  you're dead with these guys.  Time to join the rest of us who have gone beyond 1970. Never ask to speak with the owner. His motto is that he is always right. Way too much attitude.  He obviously missed the class on manners and treating his customers with some level of respect."  but when we were stupid enough to try to  buy a new one for $500 again he would not even through in a set of bags. we purchased a new vac from another store and love it .  buyer beware by the way i saved oved a hunded dollars at bed bath and beyond for the same vac." The guy that owns this place is a bully.  He talks to people like they are stupid and his customer service is awful. "Customer service is alive and well at this business! I have been in twice recently and I am very happy with the excellent knowledge and amazing customer service I have received. If you need a part So far I've had to buy parts for my Dyson vacuum and Nechhi sewing machine and have really appreciated the expertise in both these regards. I never felt pressured to buy something out of my price range and would definitely recommend this place to anyone." Support your local business & buy here!" BFTdwov5iuYO3Mp9-CueVg I will never buy a machine at a big box store again. Thank you   then Mr. Vac & Sew is  it. This store stands behind every thing they sell. I have dealt with them for 27 years.  They have a great repair shop and will let you know ahead of time what your repair will cost. No surprises when you go to pick it up. Straight forward and honest. I love dealing with them. Go in and see the owner I would recommend to all  instead he matched us with just what we needed.  He price matches any store or Internet price you find.  He also provided an additional warranty on the machine we purchased.  We were very happy with our experience at this store. He has definitely found a new  Would not even look at my unit told me to try his expensive piece of junk that would not work when I got it home and refused to give me a credit This is a small business that truly captures the heart of America.  This is very refreshing after visiting the likes of big boxers down the street.  Do yourself a favor Was shopping for new vac and stopped in to see the selection.  Larry was very informative and direct about his recommendations. I was so pleased with his recommendation of my Miele Neptune purchase that I recommended my Dad to stop in and he ended up purchasing his Miele from Larry as well.  but was unhappy with the cost everyone in town was charging! I found the exact model that I had been wanting for $200 less than everyone else! The prices here are insanely low for brand new machines! I will never buy a vacuum anywhere else  the owner took care of me when I first came in and explained the whole repair process to me! It was a breeze! And I am super happy that I found the hand held I wanted This guy is a total jerk.  I have spent a couple grand in the store and one day he yelled at me for questioning a repair.  The New York attitude is awful.  Use another store. Took my Dyson in for repair. The repair was completed on time but owner was rude. He appears to be very knowledgable on the Dyson brand. _IGM5Fp1Z43OwZ4-Ca6qaQ This place is great! Fixed my sewing machine quickly! And when it acted up again fixed it again quickly and asked me to bring it back if I run into any more problems. Staff was super nice!! Purchased a Miele canister vacuum. Very knowledge and friendly staff. Best price in town.  I was so uncomfortable with the customer service that I took my vacuum and left."  this guy's style is undeniably off-putting. His tone is condescending with a hint of that northeasterly disdain for the rest of us The biggest thing that surprised me about this place were the prices. I've searched everywhere and this place beats the prices of everyone hands down. He was even willing to order me a model he didn't have on hand at a discount. Eventually I settled on a much better model for only $50 more than the one I went in to buy. Overall it was the best experience I could have asked for and I really appreciated the transparent and direct manner that the owner handles business. I'll be going back for all my needs in the future for sure!" "I took my Dyson Animal that I paid $600 for and had used for 5 years.  I was close to buying a new vacuum but I'm so glad I chose to repair!  This place does incredible work.  When I got home  power trip (maybe a woman thing? since he seemed to tone it down for the man in the store?). I will definitely never go back here.  Life is too short to pay $108 and be treated like a piece of dirt." Why did I buy from him instead of Amazon.com? Because he will beat any price Contacted by the owner. He kept me updated on the progress of my equipment repair. He was willing to adjust the price due to the delays. He has a one year warranty on repairs and parts. Mr Vac & Sew fixed my sewing machine.  Who knew it could work so well!  Great job! He's a HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE PERSON!" We've had nothing but good experiences with Larry and highly recommend his business. He's knowledgable and honest in his dealings. We've purchased and had repairs/service done. He and my husband joke back and forth and it's a pleasure to do business with him. I have been bringing sewing machine and vacuums to Mr Vac and Sew for 20 years.  Good service  knowledgeable and more than fair when it comes to pricing (the Miele I picked up was priced significantly below Amazon). Do yourself a favor and check this place out."  I spoke to a woman and related my story and she lives in the area and knew exactly who I was talking about.  She said that he is famous in her neighborhood for this crap. and said her neighbors do as well.   That demonstrates that word of mouth can have a powerful impact on a business...both positive and negative. Sorry 