Has great used flat screens for a really good deal and other repaired things.  Puts his heart  into each piece he fixes.  Very clean and organized." These folks do everything from simple TVs to high-end equipment that gets shipped to them from all over the country.  The service is SUPERB - And fast.  The prices are very reasonable."  it did not work. I had to take it back and waited another two days. Got it back again only to find out it still did not work...I would give a toddler a soldering iron and a multi meter and get better repair results than I did at the Audio Video Doctor."  super easy. Not too phone friendly but wow this guy knows his stuff. Can fix anything from a 1980s camcorder to an iPhone." c46YFIiJr8b380Rg8A3Zvg  so you'll need to find another provider for that service."  and friendly.  Have used them many times for HVAC and electrical needs and they consistently deliver in BOTH areas.  They also provide mold remediation and will be using them for that need soon.  HIGHLY recommend!" Always professional.  Consistently great service!  courteous and knowledgeable.  He performed the routine service I requested and suggested the replacement of a drain sensor to a more reliable type of sensor.   Based on his explanation Sun Cellular fixed it in under an hour (most repairs are done on the spot though you can leave it for service) and during that time multiple customers came in and he was able to address most of their problems for $20-$40 each."  several other customers were in and out and I witnessed the excellent customer service Sun Cellular provided.  I highly recommend dealing with Sun Cellular next time you have cell phone issues - it's hassle free  to the new location and was so thankful that they were still around. He was able to fix my Blackberry Curve in less than 5 minutes. He was helping out some poor guy who washed his RAZR in the washing machine. He spent time explaining the new phone to the gentleman and charged him a very reasonable rate for a new phone  but the service was excellent! I dropped my phone in some water and it wasn't working so well anymore. I brought the phone in and they were able to help me out. I would definitely recommend to anyone with a broken phone." Went today to have the trackball fixed on a Blackberry Curve. I went in and a new one was put in the phone and I was in and out in under 10 minutes. The work is guaranteed and very reasonable. I will definitely recommend this business to others who need repair work on a phone. Great customer service! "Had to go back on Thursday to have a new speaker put in my phone. I called the day before and asked if he thought he could fix it Dan is the man!  He knows everything about phones and will fix your phone for a very reasonable price.  I recommend his store to everyone I know :) Sun Cellular is fantastic!  I dropped my Droid and cracked the screen.  Phone still worked but I thought I would be stuck with the cracks until I could qualify for a new one.  Dan erplaced the screen in about 10 minutes.  Looks and works like new!!!!  Dan is AWESOME!!!!!  thanks so much for the quick service and new iPhone 4 screen.   You make it seem so easy.   I am already letting everyone know that you are the place to be."  both with a different problem. He swapped parts for me in about 20 minutes and I have a working phone again! Highly recommend!" He's got my business for life.  Thanks  quick and fair prices! this is all you could ask for in any service that you need done and dan delivers. I have been there twice because I am clumsy with my iphone and he makes it like new every time. If you have done the research on screen repair you know its waaaaay expensive  but after taking it back to him he was able to properly diagnose the issue and resolve it with no extra cost. I would definitely recommend going to see Dan if you have any phone issues."  gave me the price that was quoted...what else can I say? My Samsung wouldn't charge unless I held the USB cable at some weird angle with *just* the right amount of pressure--I kept trying to deny that there was a problem  he took care of it for the amount and time he quoted. Great honest work!!! It's awesome to see businesses out here still doing great work and providing awesome customer service!!! FIVE STAR service!" Found Sun cellular after they were on the news. I had an iPhone 4s with a broken screen. The owner was very polite and and explained everything. The repair was completed as promised definitely recommend them. 4anyLAWqWVZh5BFpol9czQ  replaced my screen in an hour and it was half the cost it would have been if I did use my insurance!! Highly recommend  fast turn around . You guys are fantastic. Big big Thank you!" Replaced my cracked Droid screen in less than 30 minutes for under $100. Great deal and he did it while I waited.  he said he could get mine done that day and stayed open past 5. There was a hard plastic band around the edge of my phone that was also cracked. Dan offered to replace it  I was referred to Dan and he was awesome!  Fixed my phone is 20 minutes."  a few minutes before closing. Dan let me know that he didn't have the glass on hand at the moment but he would have it when they opened at 11 am Saturday. I was there and he took care of me immediately. The repair took less than an hour and the phone is as good as new." 4anyLAWqWVZh5BFpol9czQ They had an option to try and repair my current broken piece...which was not even an option with the first place.  So that is great." This was the best repair experience I have ever had! I was so please with the way this business conducts itself and how awesome the service was. Thank you "There was a small line at 9 am but the owner got everyone taken care of and gave me a deadline to pick up my phone.  It was ready on time and they are a very polite  call you back when they say they will and did a great job. Very friendly in there  it is so rare to find such friendly and service-oriented professionals--particularly when it comes to repair of consumer electronics.  The reviews you read on this Yelp listing are clearly no joke.  These guys are the real deal 4anyLAWqWVZh5BFpol9czQ Would highly recommend for any mobile phone service!" "Dan is awesome. Professional. Courteous. The touch screen on my Motorola Maxx was cracked due to something that fell on it - freak accident. In mid-August I dropped my phone off knowing he had Motorola brand touch screens on order since mid-June. Thankfully I still had my old phone because I had only upgraded phones recently. He said I would be first in line when he received the needed part. Just got it back and am happy with paying the $250 instead of $700 for a replacement. Other cell phone services were charging the same price for off brand touch-screens. I will recommend Sun Cellular to everyone I know and will do business with him again Very kind and friendly staff." Dan was awesome! I use my phone for business and Verizon reccomended him because they couldn't help me. I was in a panic all morning because my phone wouldn't charge. I went to Sun Cellular and within 45 minutes my phone was fixed and back in business. Saved me! Thank you a ton!!!! Very affordable to was pretty shocked how cheap it was. This should of been expected from a place that looks on the outside to be across between a pawn shop and a bail bond agency. Lesson learned  I would recommend it to anybody! They provide very speedy service and helped me out so much. I replaced my iPhone battery phone with them twice in one day and when it still did not work (because my phone is faulty  I am definitely going to take it here again! Felt like he went above and beyond my expectations!" "I took in my phone because the charger wouldn't go in the port.  They took 5 mins I have been in this store several times over the past year.  I had a screen replaced on my Samsung Galaxy 3.  It was done quickly and correctly.  I went in to have the inside of the glass cleaned on another phone which involved opening the entire phone up.  They did that in about 20 minutes and for no charge.  I stopped in another time to get advice on whether an old phone was worth repairing or not.  They are happy to look at anything you bring in while you wait and they will give you an honest opinion or estimate of the repair.  I definitely recommend taking any phone issues to this store.  friendly and knowledgeable.  Good service at a fair price.  Hope I don't have to get my phone repaired  again  I finally decided to get it fixed. I looked up cell phone repair shops and found this one first. I took it in and it took 30 minutes and was definitely a reasonable price. I would recommend to any one."  charged me half of what the competitors quoted me and was done in 20 minutes. Reasonable and good customer service. I'll skip the other wireless shops and just come back here next time I have a phone issue."  here's the deal.  Dropped my Samsung Galaxy S4 in the pool.  Phone would not charge.  Replaced the charging port.  It did not fix the charging issue and I ended up messing up the antennae.  Took it to Dan.  Five minutes later My phone broke the screen cracked entirely and the LED light wouldnt work. I went to them on Saturday my phone was supposed to be done on Tuesday but it wasn't done till Wednesday at about noon however John was really nice and gave me a discount for it taking longer then expected.  Great service Sun cellular was recommended to me by the Verizon store. I came in here with two LG G2s which needed screen replacements. They replaced both and it really only takes 30-45 minutes. Turns out some stuff went wrong and I came back the next day. They happily fixed the issues and then sent me off with free screen protectors for my trouble. These people are all very nice and I would send any of my friends or family to them. They don't use cheap replacements like many of the phone repair stores. I will definitely support their company in the future.  only to have the same person tell me I now need to call back after 1:30 to see if the screen arrives. Then he tells me that I should really talk to Dan who won't be in until NEXT week and that these screens have been backordered. That's new! Why wasn't this mentioned when I placed the order 6 days ago? And how come I keep being told that  this  Dan person is ""unfortunately out this week  efficient and exceeded my expectation today. In about a hour I had a new case for my Galaxy S3 for 1/2 the price of what my insurance wanted to charge. Thank you guys!" 5++ stars for Sun Cellular!" This is the only place you should ever get your electronics fixed! He knows how to run his business and he does it right! You're good to him and he will be good to you. I will never go anywhere else . Phenomenal! Need I say more? "These guys are awesome! I usually dont leave reviews for anything but these guys definitely deserve it. I had a broken charger port on my GS3. I thought I was definitely screwed but I iust figured I would give them a shot. Not only did they have the phone done the same day  was not turned away and the job was done in 20 minutes.  I paid less than what others were charging on top of that. Looks great too. I would definitely recommend this place!!" Thanks  guys i will highly recommend you" A shout out to the guys at Batteries and Bulbs on Cave Creek Rd and Bell for the referral.  They also did not sell me something I did not need."  and Sun Cellular!  This shop's customer service is like nothing I've seen in such a long time. Ed took the back of the phone off to find that the inside had gotten wet while I was running through a rain storm....just enough to mess it up for charging. He cleaned it  my phone has been dropped a few times and the case is awesome.   I am super pleased with these guys.   They did an awesome job It is also very affordable. :o)"  took apart my otterbox and found out that the protective plastic covering was cracked. Whew.. he could have charged me for a new glass but he didn't he told me the truth. A very honest business man. .he ordered the part which will be in "I broke my screen on my cell phone and took it the Sun Cellular.  They fixed it with in 30 min.  I was told that they wouldn't be able to put down the glue that goes between the glass and the touch screen before they did the work.  They told me it would then make the sensitivity a little touchy.  I didn't do my research before hand to find some place that would put down the glue.  Needles to say Dan is amazing. Only person I trust to fix it right and fix it quick. I'd give 10 stars if I could been coming here for years. Dan is very caring and honest. He takes pride in his work and cares about his customers!  My iPhone 6 needed a new screen and it took him 10 minutes. Best customer service and speedy . These guys are the best. Friendly and prompt. Fixed my iPhone right away with no hassle and the price was in line with everyone else. As with other reviewers Dan is the man.  Saved me $100 on my phone repair.  Friends kid sat on it and bent it.  Dan replaced the cracked screen and digitizer and was able to save the frame $100 frame by slowly unbending it.  He could have just told me I needed to buy a new frame and how would I know the original could have been saved.  I think that sums it up pretty well......happy customer Do if you're thinking on taking your phone there 4anyLAWqWVZh5BFpol9czQ super quick. super nice. great prices and great customer service. I can't believe I waited as long as I did to get my screen fixed.... never again... these dudes were awesome. The shop was about to close and they still said come on in we'll help you out! Awesome. Will be back if I ever crack my screen again! Lol" I brought my LG G2 in for a new screen. This did a great job and for a good price. I would totally recommend them to anyone need their phone repaired.  I had my perfectly functional cellphone back!! Dan is a wizard! He is my go-to guy from now on. I highly recommend him!"  and he fixed it immediately(nobody else could who looked at it) then didn't charge as he said he didn't do anything!(maybe the phone just liked his vibe!!!) I will refer anyone and everyone who needs help here I HIGHLY recommend Dan and will always make the 45 minute drive if I have something that will give Dan the Business. A+++" "I took my Samsung s6 in there after passing up on a somewhat shady place that was cheaper.  So glad I went to Sun Cellular!!  They are great techs and seem to love what they're doing.  I have worked around and hired techs for many "Great phone/tablet repair shop! The excellent reviews say it all! Thanks  affordable and genuine customer service go to sun cellular!"  but they kindly fixed what I already had and charged me less than they could have without my knowledge. Anytime I have trouble with my phone The staff here are informed and helpful and there is a decent selection of old electrons for the true audiophile." CkflToTnXfCKa1LjnuzHwg "I would recommend Dyna-Tronics to a friend.  They are a little pricy but they are a small local business so I am okay with that.  They were able to repair an older Demon receiver  for me that was completely broken (electronic glitches).  I had two other people look at it who said it was just ""fried"" and might as well get a new one.  The fix cost about 20% the cost of a buying new.  I am happy to keep a classic on the road for many more years now."  ( you are a total DICK) was so rude I thought I was getting punked.    I hope to all that is holy you go out of business soon.    My amp is still not fixed.  I am out 175.00.  And I do not want to go back there to face this very very rude individual.  He was even rude to my wife I retract my last positive review. I had a reciever repaired here.The equipment they installed failed 5 days after the product guarantee. They wouldl not even give me a break in the diagnostic fee of 20.00 to have it looked at again. They told me it would be about another 150.00 to fix it again.  I would stay far away from these guys. Cool stuff and a good place to recycle electronics."  but before I could he hung up on me. It turned out that a tech had died and they were short handed.  I would have understood if they had explained and not been totally rude.  In fact I had a tragedy involving my son the same day.  I went in to talk to them to explain That I was not aware of their situation and was only concerned by the constant delays.  The manager said that I had been abusive and had used foul language with the tech which was a total lie.  He said based that on what the tech had told him. I will never use this company again. Their customer service is lacking."  moved the belt back into place which had slipped out (DUH!). This is the kind of electronics service centers that used to be throughout the country  and even then the gear was fixed in 2 weeks or less. I continue to return here simply because they've always charged reasonable rates and fixed my gear to full working order." "Brought in two different Technics turntables for two different problems (against another persons' recommendations). One sounded like it needed a new needle and cartridge Everything is working and working well." So my system is whole and working again - Hat's off to Martin and Dyna-tronics!" scam . what this guy . go to BBB report before go to him please . he got F rate too many scam on him .he took my money . he's push me in his shop because i try to take policy picture bring to BBB .  i did call police on him but can't do anything . person like him can't be in US ." scam go to BBB before go to erc . got F rate very bad . I will definitely be giving ERC my business for these types of repairs in the future. If they can fix it it's cheaper  with people this nice these days! I do not even think about going to any other shop these days." "Fantastic! I am a dentist and needed a repair for my light that attaches to my glasses (loupes). Very proficient repair at an ultra fair price. If I were to sum up my experience with one word it would be ""Honest"". This is a place I trust." while i redo the case.......i found him today" "The owner is very skilled from doing technical repair for a very long time and was able to swap out a chip on a board for me on the spot 