 very nice and clean! The work took about an hour and I am VERY pleased with the results! Even though one of my outlets did not work the next day  prompt to call you back and come out to do the work.  Highly recommended!" Thanks for the wonderful service  if you're a member. Definitely use it. They're not exactly cheap ($99 for half hour)  but boy are they expensive.  $200 hr+ can add up really quickly." I highly recommend Roby and will definitely reach out to them when I get the upstairs fixtures in my house."  and he made sure they had everything needed for the job including a few specialized pieces of duct work. That meant that they finished the job quickly and in only one trip. I could not be more pleased with our updates by Parks Electrical Service!" "I had a few minor things like three outlets to replace and two light switches where the on and off were getting stuck. We bought the replacements so when I called I told the owner it was a few minor things. I thought one guy would come.  He sent out two guys which i thought was overkill but did not know at the time that I was being charged a trip fee for each guy.  Needless to say one guy was outside and one inside. I watched the inside guy and it took him an hour to do two replacement of switches that were three ways.  My husband in the past who is not handy has replaced one in our bathroom in under 30 minutes. So I was charged  a $40 trip fee per guy so $80 plus 80 an hour per guy "Needed an electrician and my neighbor recommended Econolight.  My neighbor has very high standards so I had confidence in the recommendation.  She did not let me down.  Econolight showed when they said they would.  Gave me an estimate and then did the work.  They were very professional and honest and did the work for the price quoted.  Next time I needed an electrician Just had Jay over to put in some outdoor  security lights.  He gave me enough information to make good choices--one of which was to re-use a light I had in another capacity instead of getting a new one."  I didn't forget about you! The price was nice and my guy made it easy to use the plug by moving past where our original quote was. Quick and easy Many years of success to you all." I was so impressed with their service that I scheduled an appointment to check my electric system.  Thank you for making my day.  Great work!" "Econolight was an amazing find in very hectic situation last week. I had some electrical problems that needed resolution the same day. I was dialing for dollars until a wonderful woman answered the phone and helped me find an available electrician to come to my house the same day!! I didn't have time to get 3 bids...I needed the work done ASAP in order to close the sale of my home. Jay showed up in the afternoon "This company was recommended to be by a neighbor over 12 years ago. I have used them for a variety of electrical projects over the years and have always been extremely pleased! They are an honest  I wanted a professional electrician to evaluate my electrical system before adding a new ceiling fan and a new electrical outlet.  Two men arrived with a large truck full of supplies.  They put cloths down to protect my rug and furniture and went to work assessing the situation.  They worked quickly "Great people. Great service. Great results. Our remodel of a historic home was quite a challenge. Econolight handled the electrical: a complete rewire with a new panel (including outdoor and indoor low-voltage)---retaining some outlets  until they came out and wanted more money for rest of work.  Additional bid was over $1500 of two other bids.  Another contactor said that some companies will bid half the job then once they get started do part of the job then inform u that they didn't bid everything so that they can get more money.  Of course we signed the contract Very quick response.  Excellent service.  Power went out about 9 a.m. due to an accident.  New Box installed and all inspections completed with power on before 4 p.m.  Thank you so much! I would never hire this company again. There is a real lack of ethics and professionalism at the company. Dyer Electric is a great local family owner business who has provided us with excellent service over the years. They are responsive and professional no matter the size of the job. Thanks! "You can't go wrong using these guys!  They fix all you electrical and Data problems.  They work on huge projects but they still care about the little ones too! Don't feel like your wasting their time for such a small job.  They will be there on time and will have the solution your looking for!  I highly recommend this company I hope I don't have any electrical problems in the future "I need a outlet put in my garage. I called Micor and Ronnie called me back a little while later. He came to give me an estimate very quickly and were reasonable. After my esitimate 