Called today to get a price for my 4 year old to attend preschool here. Their price is shocking at over $230 a week and that would cost more than my residence. I'm not sure how they can justify catering to only the rich being somewhat part of a church.  we have found what we believe to be a true  gem in Christ Lutheran.  The staff is exceptional and the growth of our children has far exceeded our expectations. If you are looking for a center to make a deep impact and not focus on babysitting....this is the place to be." Christ Lutheran Children's Center is nothing short of amazing! My son attended for 4 years and many of his teachers are still there...he's now 22! There is a full day program and a half day program. Both are special places for special little people. I can't recommend it high enough! The only downside to this Y compared to others is that you have to pay for the yoga and pilates classes and they require advanced registration.  I like to drop-in on such classes." Yeah good place to work out We come here for the kids activities. I am not a member if this gym. Why? They're not open 24 hours and they're expensive for what I use the gym for. The kids activities would be a lot cheaper if we were members but we don't do activities all year long so it's just cheaper to pay the high non member price of the activities.  & a great place to work out! Zumba is a fun way to break a sweat!" - I love how close the Burton Barr library is. Spent almost every day after school there. I knew people who worked there & am still friends with them." This school is really a dream.  It's an educational opportunity I would recommend to any parent.  I think my son would write a similiar recommendation!" "Attended this school from 6th grade through senior year. I credit every success I have in the professional world to what I learned here. Presentation skills An Arizona elite institution.  High academic and artistic standards. Quite challenging for students. Teachers are unusually highly communicative. This is my daughter's 2nd year at ASA.  I appreciate the emails teachers send me regarding my daughter's progress or places that needs my attention.  I especially appreciate the lecture videos teacher created and the free tutoring time at lunch.  I am thankful my daughter study at ASA. We drive 40 minutes to this school!!! They really care and work hard to help our child grow. The Montessori philosophy is an amazing way to learn and would recommend this school very highly. Hat's off to Villa Montessori. If I could give it 6 stars I would." I experienced a huge lack of professionalism with Villa that I'm not willing to risk translating into something more serious in care of my LO."  and we enjoy feeling good about it."  and he loves it.  Janet and her staff are wonderful.  They are very knowledgable "Our son attended this school for the past three years.  I can't say enough good things about Community Montessori School.  The group of women who teach here truly feed the intellect   to other parents behind our back.   I had purposely held off on my online review until the last day of school because I was concerned of backlash. Looks like my instincts were right  communities are a place where different personalities of families and perspectives are integrated into a supportive environment. The teachers and owner here are vested in the wellbeing and success of the children and they are more than willing to go the extra mile to serve the individual needs of each child they teach. I've had two different kiddos enrolled at CMS for the past eight years and have also spent time inside the classroom over the years. They do a fabulous job of teaching the academics but they excel at the virtue development portion of the curriculum.  My kids have the strongest manners of their friends and by far the best reading comprehension of their peer group. But the children are also taught and trusted early on to identify actions that support a peaceful and loving environment. One of the things that has always impressed me is the school's high level of expectation for what the kiddos are capable of achieving. From a life-skills perspective of making beds and contributing in the household to a high standard of cooperation and an expectation of peacefulness  but where to send our children once they graduate.   Ms. Janet and crew have instilled a level of knowledge and curiosity that puts the children worlds ahead of their peers at comparable schools.  Just ask the staff what percentage of children read chapter books and have been exposed to things like fractions and multiplication by the end of kindergarten.   You will be shocked at how high the figure truly is.  My son attended Community Montessori for roughly 3 years  shaping and polishing without diminishing who she is.  There is a large backyard which is ideal for play time and the school has a colorful and friendly layout.  Janet will often have various professionals visit the school to enrich the program with their special talents.  Janet and her staff put a great deal of thought into this program and it is obvious how positively that is reflected in my granddaughter's outlook  and hard working teachers. I only wish our son could have enjoyed more years at this unique and amazing school. Kudos to Janet Wheeler  I am delighted to say our child is getting a first class education that surprises us everyday!  There are four experienced teachers that have been with the school for multiple years.  The school has so many great learning areas that get changed monthly.  There is a large yard with a playground  love and respect. The expectations are clear and that makes it easy to participate in your child's education. There is regular parental involvement and the communication from Janet is consistent as she sends out plenty of reminders so that us parents can also be successful participants. It is an adorable ""one room schoolhouse"" type of environment. This allows the younger kids to learn with older students as role models while the older students have the opportunity to be a leader and feel that responsibility. Overall  but just make sure you really know what you're getting into at each school." Oh and by the way...  ARS 15-507 makes it illegal to raise your voice to a school employee even if they lose your kid.  So if PVUSD loses your child be sure to say ""pretty please with sugar on top"" and ""mother may I.""  Apparently there is no provision for the employee being a complete and total Cluster F."  they have not followed the policies that they have set forth to protect our children.  We want other parents to know that this issue is being swept under the rug and that the Paradise Valley School District does not follow the policies that they have set in place in order to maintain conduct within the school.  We are demanding that this aggressive student be relocated to another school that is better equipped to monitor his behavior."  humanitarians with a vision and plan. Give PVUSD a shot if you move to the area. The principal at Pinnacle High School in North Phoenix NAeNoYysFWCSTonevDU7JQ I graduated from sca in 99 & now my children attend the school.  I absolutely love the elementary staff.  What a joy to watch my children learning the bible and applying it to real life.  I don't have to worry about what world view the teacher is trying to teach my kids. This is a great school.  I will defend the integrity of the school because it has been such an amazing experience for our children.  LOVE it -" KkRK8hZWOBj1ZZkC00cMhg  I feel that this school does NOT prepare the kids for high school or college correctly. It was a big mistake to send my kid there. Save your money and send them to public school. If your worried about Christian values then teach them at home. That's what parents are there for. It's not the schools responsibility to teach these values." Fantastic school with excellent education standards and a great Administration that's responsive to  parents. "Wonderful caring community of teachers and administrators. My daughter is learning above her grade level and is making true and life long friends. We have been pleased with the ability for my daughter to get extra help if needed or to advance as needed. Small class sizes make for individual attention  etc so the school has tried but many of these kids are already spread thin after school.  We have been there for several years and I know from reviewing the national testing that my kids do every year that all 3 kids are at or way above grade level (even my child that struggles.) Your child will be pushed but PVCC believes in their students and they will provide the means to build confidence in the kids and to help them be successful and to grow in their abilities so the kids can stand on their own to be successful in later academic endeavors." I went to this school in the 80's and now my kids go there. Our family are huge fans of Mrs Temple and our teachers have been awesome! Best Christian school in Phx!  helped him with her strict but encouraging way that brought him up to speed and beyond by the second half of the year. She never made him feel badly for being behind 