 you might consider this ER if you're in a pickle and might be embarrassed by the actions that bring you there. The hush hush sense of privacy at the door where you fill in a form to tell them your trouble/ or situation keeps that all quiet for you so go here rather than to Good Sam or some other ER that has your verbally explain the situation in ear range of noisy other people." The snack area was way too small for a hospital this size and the entire place had that funky hospital smell." "Not bad. This is one of the upgraded older hospitals Staff did not address this issue and did not even seem to care!" patients have too much of a choice these days to get such bad service/care. I do not recommend this hospital  my second was to be expected.... AMAZING! The compassion and care that the whole staff of the 3rd floor "My grandfather stayed at this hospital this past fall.  The staff and doctors were so nice and helpful.  He didn't complain about the food  it was a six hour waste of time and my health insurance's money!! With that being said I have been here twice for emergency situations. Once for my wife and once for myself. Both times were on Sunday mornings around 9am 'ish. Both times we were triaged within a few minutes of entering. My wife for an allergic reaction and myself for a broken bone. Both times we were helped very quickly and had a good experience. The nurses were top notch and had a good bedside manner. I am thankful for their medical attention. Felt well taken care of!"  physicians or any other speciality in the Valley" Thank you John C Lincoln hospital!" I was there in June 2010. They thought that I was a problem patient. What they did not realize was that they had me so overly medicated that I was hallucinating the entire time. Advice? Go to the Lincoln hospital off 101 and 27th st!!!"   and Carmelita were awesome! I thought that this was going to be the best service . WRONG! It is really sad how one person can truly damage your experience and quickly change the representation of the hospital for the worse.I never want to go back there again. My last nurse was horrible! She was mean  1. The staff overall took very good care of me and my experience up to the last day was great. 2. The director talked with me and apologized for how rude the last nurse was to me. This meant a lot to me. Thank you for taking the time out of your busy day to talk to me and try to make things right." "Dr Anderson is the best. He's so kind and helpful. I have insomnia and in the past doctors have made me feel bad when I was in need of medication. Dr Anderson was so understanding and compassionate. He also remembered things about my personal life from 6 months ago Overall I like Honor Health services with exception of Immediate Care lengthy wait times  and a security guard came up to us and thanked us for my aunt's service. I love how the waiting rooms are set up (volunteers write which section you and your family is in so it is easier to find you when the doctor needs to speak to you) "Had to drop off my mother's heart monitor to the cardiologist.  This office is easy to find and it nice there is 2 hour parking for patient use.  Also a nice drop off area too!  I was able to get the elevator to the floor easily sharing itbwith some very nice older folks.  The office I needed was right there easy to find.  The receptiwas very friendly  but if I need a hospital I will go there without a doubt." "The doctors and nurses at Honor Health john C Lincoln North Mountain went out of their way to may me as the family member feel at ease and take care of my husband.  They were extremely kind and concerned and made my husband and I feel like they cared for both of us and did not discount our concerns even though they were not life-threatening "My experience here involved visiting a long-time friend who was gravely ill--she had been transferred here from a local rehab facility after she suffered some major setbacks.  The staff was genuinely pleasant and eager to help a patient who had no immediate family nearby--while still following privacy laws.  When it became apparent that the patient's family members in CA were not responding Still couldn't figure out why I'm having abdominal pain. Was told need to give urine sample then when I go into the restroom there's a hat filled with someone's crap I had to hold my breath to give urine sample quick before I puked all over the place. It was left near toilet didn't want to accidentally touch it! When I was being discharged they could care less if I was thirsty. I asked for a glass of water before they where about to discharge me nurse tells me sorry water machine is broken go out double doors at check out you'll see water cooler. Walked out didn't see no water was in pain nauseated did not have a drop of water all day!Had to wait until I got home to get water!  And still in pain :( I have been here several times with family and never had a complaint but this time on the 4th floor when you press the call button well nothing 40 minutes and still no show. Hope no one has chest pains.  the staff and Drs have been wonderful. I could not ask for better care and compassion from anyone. They have been taking terrific care of him and me. Their customer service is exemplary.  Dignity Health 