http:  www.edgewooddentalassociates.com " If you hate the dentist like me but are looking for a trustworthy and knowledgable team this is your place!"  but I had a really positive experience at Edgewood Dental Associates! It was easy to book the appointment and I was in and out quickly. The staff was friendly and the dentist was great! If you are looking for a dentist  and the experience was very enjoyable (and that's talking about going to the dentist). They even send you Christmas and birthday cards  which helps everything go more smoothly. I was so glad to find that they had BOSE headphones with Pandora for patients to use while getting their dental work. Once I realized I was in good hands I zoned out to my happy place with my favorite music. The dental work flew by. They numbed me up so well and kept checking in with me to make sure I was ok "I am so amazed at how amazing this dental office is!  They are so nice and professional and the office is immaculate!  The staff explained everything (including insurance coverage) thoroughly.  I didn't need to come back for a second appointment - they took care of my cavity on that same day.  In the past  I was very upset that I was never told of this downgrade.  I was given an estimate and paid on time in full - not sure when this changed or why I was never told by the office or insurance company.  Regardless I will most definitely keep going to Edgewood  Dental as long as I live in this area." WD7TUnO7ExNJahLN4p3bMA  even though the waiting room is relaxing. The entire office has a modern approach and surpasses any other dentist I have been too. I travel 40-45 min to get to the office from my home but it is worth it to me." "AWESOME!!! Needed a lot of wrk done and I was petrified to go to the dentist due to some REALLY BAD dentists in the past. It's hard to find a good doctor. I did a websearch based upon location and then narrowed it down by insurance. Then I scoured reviews. I did my research on Edgewood Dental and most reviews  were positive. There were very few not so positive reviews which in my opinion is fair. Nothing is perfect. I also studied the website so that I was educated on what was expected of me as a patient customer.  I had a root canal  minimal wait in a nice office setting. I always leave feeling well taken care of. After recently having an unexpected and very bad dental pain crop up  excellent dentists and a beautiful facility. They even did a great job with my three year-old! She loves the dentist thanks to these guys!" "I have been a patient of Dr. Brown's for many years. He is dedicated to continuing to learn and implement the latest dental techniques.  His office is modern  and knowledgeable.  There's a reason DCD was voted one of the best workplaces in Madison several times - the staff is so helpful and nice.  I highly highly recommend them for any time you need a dentist!" So the next day on 3/24/16 I visited oak park dental. My hygenist there was very gental and understanding. She reassured me that plaque and tartar build up is very common and nothing to be ashamed of or grossed out about. The best part was when she told me that my entire mouth did not require a deep cleaning.  The dentist concurred. She also told me that I could get a regular cleaning only if thats what I wanted  however I was immediately put at ease with the staff and Dr. Matloff's professionalism and true care for my well-being. I would recommend this office to anyone! I drove over an hour to this appointment because he's the best... I'm so glad I did!" Dr Matloff and his staff are FANTASTIC!! This was my second root canal procedure with him. He was able to fit me in late in the afternoon. Mine was a difficult procedure and with only a 50-50% chance of success. He worked almost 2.5 hours but was able to save the tooth where the only other alternative was to extract the tooth and have an implant. The whole procedure was completely painless. I highly recommend him. Dr. Matloff and his staff are excellent. I broke a teeth and he fit me in same day with less than an hours notice. Walked me through the procedure and explained everything. Would definitely recommend?  gentle and knowledgeable. This dentist's office is made up of an awesome team. They made me feel comfortable and cared for Hopefully I won't need another root canal but if I do "Dr. Matlaw and his staff are fabulous! Just had my root canal and he saved my tooth from having to be pulled. Root canal was completely pain free! I actually was falling asleep during the procedure; I was so comfortable. Great experience  even though my dentist strongly recommended Dr. Matloff. The staff puts you at ease immediately 7aGRXdKyjhAilq3XnzZkiw Life long loyal patient :)"  but make it quick because this office is efficient and punctual! Dr. Ortale is a dentist who goes above and beyond to be sure his patients receive his focused care and attention to their needs. He is extremely thorough and is absolute about providing the best dental care possible.  Whether he is treating me or my small children I can only hope to find as good of a dentist after our next move. I highly recommend this practice!"  always had the answers to all my questions. Always made sure I was comfortable and at ease! I will not hesitate next time Dr Ortale is great with my son who is physically and mentally disabled. He treats him with respect and has won him over. My son does not like to lay back and have water sprayed in his mouth let alone have someone mess with cleaning his teeth. Dr Ortale is patient and reassuring so my son lets him clean his teeth.  Wouldn't go anywhere else. 