 an exciting adventure from eastern Africa. Delicious food." The place is a dump.  The service is frequently spotty.  The food is STELLAR! "Red Sea was recommended by an Eritrean friend. (Eritrea used to be part of Ethiopia). I love Ethiopian vegetarian food and this was as good as any. Telka  relaxing place with delicious food! Had the Tibsi combo and it was plenty for two to split. Watch out for the spicy lentils and vegetables though! When they say they're spicy Four stars for character and good food."  smiles) and cranky (unhappiness about splitting a bill 3 ways Great stuff. Small place but fantastic food Do yourself a favor and check out this place. Bring a friend  but stick around and order everything--you won't regret it!"  hole in the wall place. I'll definitely return (for take out only)."  but it's just a little strange.  It's not the decor or the dive-y nature of the restaurant; it's something completely unassociated to those things.  You'll have to give it a try to see what I mean."  MD area with its wall to wall Ethiopian restaurants.  This one would fit right in!  I agree with another commenter who said there's a strange vibe.  It's probably the people who openly stare at you as you eat.  That wasn't enough to take my enjoyment  chicken and veggies combo.. The veg was mostly lentils with a handful of lettuce salad but hit the spot. They also have a few bottle beers and that Honey Wine that they are famous for. Moderately priced I'll be back whenever I visit Charlotte. I live in Atlanta but to me this type of food is missing in Charlotte bcz I didnt see many foreigners around town. Don't go if you don't eat hot food but if you haven't had this type of cuisine the waitress seemed more than willing to explain what the dishes are .. And oh  but it's a great type of food to socialize over and actually kinda fun at the same time :P" This is a no frills place but the food is good. It's authentic. It's reasonably priced. It's satisfying. Go give it a whirl  I was thoroughly stuffed to capacity.  Everything was great and the warm burning in my mouth from the spice was a nice change from normal food.  I plan on trying their chicken and vegetarian dishes next!" We're planning on going back this week. Probably won't eat lunch that day." oh and cool music too!" "This is good Ethiopean Eritrean food. Lots of flavor. I went with one of the combos and was overall satisfied with the taste and serving size. The cubed meat was undercooked in my opinion . . . too tough and chewy. I especially enjoyed the spicy lentils. I am tempted to take a star away for service. It was pretty much a one man operation. When we arrived it took a long time for him to even take our order because he was on a personal call. The tables had not been cleared or cleaned. For that reason alone  and our food was prepared quickly. I would definitely recommend coming here My wife and I went to Red Sea based on excellent Yelp reviews.  It was the most interesting eating experience of our life.  You get no eating utensils.  You eat with your hands and Ethiopian bread.  We had the vegetarian dish and the lamb dish.  Both were incredibly tasty.  The owner came to our table several times to make sure we were doing okay.  He explained some Ethiopian stuff regarding the food.  He even brought out some spices for us to sample.  Try this restaurant if you are looking for a food adventure. Great food!  Pleasant staff.  The food offered a flavorful break from the ordinary meal.  thank you very much. We'll for sure come back with a coupon "Definitely worth a try.  The food is served on and with a special bread (injerra??) that you basically use as a fork. It's similar to a pancake or crepe so it's absorbs a the juices and favors of the different meats that you choose. It is served family-style on a big dish in the center of the table for everyone to pick at.  Definitely different Update -- went back here and got the lamb (#2 I think) and it was just okay...stick to the vegetarian sampler platter.  Tables are far enough apart that it does not feel crowded!  This place becomes a ""Night Club"" later and you may notice the Huge Speakers..."  or if it's because they're warning me that it is not safe to eat raw meat in their particular restaurant on that particular day. Fortunately the lamb tibs was fairly tasty here at the Red Sea. The atmosphere's not much Very nice food and service is also good. Definitely  visit again. I usually don't love injera (because it falls apart so easily) but Red Sea's injera had  more texture and flavor than the 2 others I've tried!  The lamb could have been more tender but for $12 and change A friend introduced me to this restaurant and I loved it. At first glance it does look a bit uninviting but trust me the service is friendly and the food is AMAZING! Wear your fat pants because the servings are huge and you will want to eat it all. Great options for vegetarians! 