Jimmy (the guy with the cigar permanently ensconced in his mouth) also makes fabulous pepperoni rolls and sandwiches.  We like to eat lunch here as a break during our grocery shopping.  During the warmer seasons  and it's a pretty grungy-looking place."  specialty Italian stores are ridiculously overpriced. Not this store. Reasonable The pepperoni bread is an absolute must.  I was disappointed that there was no jalapeno bread left  need I say more.  The Italian bread is so yummy and makes great bruschetta.  They bake their bread fresh daily and do not include any preservative so eat it quick!" "Maybe it's nostalgia for the cigar but I thought he looked ridiculous. He bragged about a $4 pepperoni roll. There's a reason it cost that  as are the bakery items. The sfogliatelle is spot on." imzKM9-mgN1Yk_RIXx3IgA  but name some in the strip that aren't?  They have $5.00 lunch specials and Jimmy was always very nice and the huge stogies in his mouth just took me back.  Funny.. Highly recommend."  you are in fact an excellent and carney-esque salesman but you need not do much.  The aroma emanating from the bread itself on a busy street is enough.  Goodness is the smell of freshly baked bread amazing.  And this place has a few standard options and some excellent ""different"" options.  The cheesey jalapeno bread was incredibly delicious.  However The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back here again in the future.  Everything that I have ever ordered here has been good and it is always fun to talk with Jimmy!" I hit this place every time I'm in Pittsburgh.  Everyone hears about Primanti's (which is good  and no hots or flavor. Bread better suited for pigeons than people. I can find better Italian sandwiches back home in Baltimore. We'll feed these to our dogs when we get home.  You get what you pay for. Avoid this tourist trap!"  go to: http:  www.yelp.com biz primanti-brothers-pittsburgh?hrid=k97SGRvnhBMrHzqofs1WNg)" I highly recommend stopping hear anytime you are in the mood for good italian food." Yes bread is fresh! they are made fresh everyday! Breads have very short shelf life max 3-4 days if stored in room temperatures...an hour or two before the shop is closed they tend to sell all their breads half price or buy one get one free...Sunseri Jimmy & Nino go for natural ingredients some bakeries add artificial flavors  the stuffed pizzelle's are very good and my wife thinks they have the best cannoli's in Pittsburgh.  Stop in & talk to Jimmy and ask him about Stella the parrot.  This place is a 'must-see' every time we're in the strip."  I also got the atomic pepperoni roll which was incredible! Super fresh and flavorful dough. It has a peppery spread with the pepperoni on the inside. The bread became a little wet on the bottom imzKM9-mgN1Yk_RIXx3IgA  including sourdough and cheesy jalepeno. They're all tasty and reasonably priced It's down by pineville but the fact that they're a little cheaper than other places around Charlotte means it's worth the drive." Great to have a real Japanese market with all the essentials for Japanese cooking.  and of course snacks! What surprised me is the selection of books and a DVD section! There is also a small section for household goods and a nice sized sake and beer section in the back. The staff is friendly the store clerks that work there are way nice and make me feel like i'm in japan again."  variety choice at a reasonable price.  I love their frozen tofu stuffs and frozen fish balls. I put these for my homemade hot pot.  They also have some vegetables and snacks. They are at Westinghouse in Pineville "We went to Hatoya when we stayed in NC for a weekend.  I wish we lived there so I can go there so often.  I enjoyed books "Small selection. Yelp should label this as a small Japanese store. There is not much other Asian food and it's very tiny. They had great things but I was looking for more Chinese things I will be back when I need spring roll or Lumpia wrappers. Staff was friendly & answered my questions. We didn't stay long & see everything because they didn't have several of the items I needed to make Pho." "The staff is super friendly and willing to help at a moments notice. I was greeted with a smile and they allowed me the space I needed to explore. If your looking for authentic products Bingo! So happy I found this place! They had everything I was looking for. I will be a constant customer. From UCC coffee to cuttlefish and cutlery. This is the spot! I know I will be back. I guess I'm just going to have to make a regular run from Greenville every month or so to stock up." I believe that they typically get their shipments in on Fridays.  Sometimes they even have random seafood products like Littleneck Clams or Blue Crab.  I made it a point not to have Friday classes so that I could stalk out this place in the morning to get fresh stuff to make for the weekend.  This place rocked."  some of it is somewhat dirty and the fruit is not always the freshest."  but usually AmKo or Green Onions are  much better." "Asian grocery store in a super cramped building. They've got a good selection of canned  cheap produce and lots of imported canned and boxed food." This is the Asians' Asian grocery store."  and they are friendly to ""white people"" (K.H.) as long as you are respectful to them not obnoxious." The best time to pick up groceries at Far East are Thursday evenings or Fridays because these are days when they receive fresh shipments of produce  fresh eats. Employees are friendly and will help carry heavier purchases (like sacks of rice) to your car."  which was a pleasant surprise. Prices are reasonable but its a pain that they only accept cash or check. (Typical Asian establishment rule  this is likely your best bet. The grocery store is rustic and it almost feels as though you step into an inner city market in another country when you visit Far East Market. They take both checks and cash but do NOT accept credit."  I'm spoiled by the Asian groceries in my area. But this spot does ok."  don't forget! And they look a little uninviting with the concrete exterior and tiny house-door but inside it's a wonder land." But the best thing of all are the owners. They are extremely nice and helpful. They always ask about how I am doing and let me know any new interesting things going on with them or in the store. they also give good recipes and recommendations. It's really cozy and I feel so invited every time. I am sad that I'll be done with college soon and will be moving. I wish I could take the store with me."  the store does serve my needs for Asian-specific cooking ingredients and has a convenient location on my way home from work. The young woman who usually works at the cash register speaks perfect English and knows where everything is (nonsensically) located I wish I lived in between Far East and World Harvest!" "" how do you fix this..or what do you do with this"" and they tell me..awesome" Great place to get Asian Food!  probably because they make up prices as they go. Something is fishy about this place  and the equipment looks pretty outdated. Doesn't accept cards. Can be inconvenient." Really don't recommend to shop in this store. Lots of foods are expired and still on the shelf for sale.  and fresh lemongrass. They have all the weird shit you need to make your stinky ass Asian dishes. They have a ton of cool sweets too."  its a hole in the wall and its a ma and pop shop that has grown a little bigger over the years  this is an unsavory practice as a business. Who knows how long the meat has been left out. Perhaps they're letting certain items thaw so that customers can cook immediately after purchase  great employees. Produce was awesome! Got a durian today. Going back tomorrow with my husband. Lots of stuff to choose from here."  they often round down the price so you don't have to go scrambling for loose change. The staff also let me exchange my rice when I picked up the wrong kind even without the receipt." various kinds of food can satisfy my needs but the quality. You will often buy expired food and food without expiration date. Cannot imagine the poor quality of some food. They just put expired food at the most obvious place on the shelf.  I will continue to come here for my grocery needs." I find the bakery to be the highlight regarding the food.  The pandulce was excellent - if a bit more fresh (than Ranch Market) given the way it's stored behind a glass case rather than self-service.  The conchas and pineapple empanadas were soft They have  a cool market with hard to find tools to make your own Mexican feast Also - the bakery is excellent! You can visit twice a week for a year and try something new each time. The stuffed churros are particularly delicious."  if you are downtown looking for authentic Mexican this is the place.  Of course it is super casual take out or seat yourself kind of place so don't  try to flatter your date here! But get there early  and check out the murals...they are classic." This place is real and it a phoenix landmark  I am thoroughly happy with the variety of flavors in the meat items.  The meat is always moist and flavorful."  and most of the items in the market/butcher shop scare the bejebus out of me. It is not anywhere near ""authentic mexican"" (if you see a burrito or a chimi in mexico  super colorful with different Mexican scenes muraled on to the walls."  excited about their lower prices on what they had.. found my tortillas along with freshly grilled green peppers  they have a huge charcoal grill setup in the parking lot on weekends. You can get cooked whole chickens and full racks of ribs for around 8 bucks. They also cook fresh green chiles. A great alternative on game days when you don't have time to setup the grill before the game starts. Just run down and pick something up fresh off their grill!" apCfJVnRyaw6oVUBKujpUQ  and the surroundings obviously arent their fault  be sure to check out the murals on the walls."  rice and beans had me FULL... so I will be back for you my little cookie.. yes... I will be back!!!" I ordered the Super Nachos and they were so good! I didn't want to stop eating them and literally gorged myself until I couldn't lift another chip into my mouth." I'll be back to try something different." If only it was open later..." Oh and also I've seen that Super Burrito and it would feed a small village ... seriously. Also  painfully.  I will return to tolteca with visitors to Phoenix craving something authentic." This place is a fun restaurant to take out-of-towners to get the full Mexican food experience.  A big  one reccommendation: get the ELOTE along with whatever you decide to get.  Its corn on a stick covered in mayo and queso- delicioso.  if you really want a treat  the Ranch Market is right down the street so I'd likely go there instead of La Tolteca next time but that is a fairly high standard."  Ritos (14th St/Roosevelt) or Los Charros (10th St/VanBuren) instead."  you can get the leaves here to make at home." I will give La Tolteca another chance..." Good if you got the craving for mexican food. Easy on the wallet too."  this place is a gigantic bakery with terrific sweets and cakes."  and it's unfortunate that I didn't find it until after I moved out of Phoenix.  I'll be sure to stop by every time I visit though Went for a quick lunch today and am so happy.  I have found a new spot to add to my best Mexican places in the valley.  I had the chilaquiles and WOW they were amazing.  So much flavor alone then I added the Habenero salsa and it was like a bomb going off spicing up the dish just right.  They also have the Pepsi in the bottle which I got for my beverage.  The rest of the menu looked amazing and they have $1 tacos for the value minded people.  Definitely check this place out you won't regret it.  but the prices are small.  Save room on the way out because their bakery is top notch!"  too - they have a great pastelera too" "I always find myself here before flights out of Sky Harbor. Just like walking into a mercado! Yummy stuff. Haven't tried everything on the menu  and really there is no reason not to like this place.  The bakery sells some absolutely great items.  It is your friendly Go during daylight hours...park in the very safe ""hooker patrolled"" parking lot...avert your eyes from the public urination (""ma'am...that's really not appropriate"":) and have a super burrito or a couple of tamales at La Tolteca...eat 'til you're happy:)"  I'm tempted to walk out with a (paid-for) molcajete. Instead I kinda want to buy the tortilla making stuff and try my hand at home made tortillas. Maybe I will next time I'm there :)" Why did it take me nearly 2 years of living downtown to finally make it here?  something is missing from my combination dinners. I have ordered a side of supposedly ""fresh"" tortilla chips  house made tortilla and filling! I always order green chile  and it's priced  sooo right.  I'll be back for sure next time I'm in Phoenix."  I'm an atmosphere buff.  There were so many cool things to check out in this multi-plex  consistent Mexican food!" This place is just genuine." I'd go back if I just needed something quick...." Every person reading this needs to do themselves a favor and endure the trip to Central Phoenix for this place. If you love Mexican food (especially chilaquiles) My only complaint was that my carne asada burrito was more tortilla and beans then meat." I also really like the market they have. A really great place to have in the neighborhood." If you haven't been you gotta check this place out."  the ""super burrito"" remains its main attraction.  So whether you are looking for a new taste or an authentic one I really liked the chips." Any place that can provide me tamales on a whim is A Ok! to me!! Great menu for breakfast. Authentic Mexican dishes and lots of choices. Also a market so you can buy things to go. Their food is fresh and yummy! Can't beat that! Prices are really cheap too! So long Filiberto's!!  there are many excellent pastries to try and the salsa bar has more variety than you can find at the more common walk up Mexican eateries. As for all the comments on the parking lot being shady AWESOME!  Feels like you are walking into Mexico. The food is fantastic. Don't be scared away by what part of town it's in- it adds to the experience! Be sure to get a pastry to go Gracias & Happy Eating" The food is fantastic. I haven't had any disappointments for the 7 years I've been eating there. You can get some real authentic food here. If there are Mexicans in a Mexican food restaurant  their meat with red and green chili tostadas were sublime. The meager hot dog does not stand a chance when you have a choice. Although the apple empanadas were more popular I am going to have to urge for adventure. The pineapple empanadas knocked it out of the park and were a nice doughy light contrast to many of the heavy greasy versions I have tried elsewhere.  If they can do this well catering  and shredded cheese. If you order the fish dinner it comes with the head on. Very tasty. Meats you won't find anywhere else So that's that. I really don't think I'll be back. I have no desire to explore the bakery case and there's way too many small taquerias around to take any more chances with this high-volume I will for sure be back and I know anytime my Mom visits this is a must eat place for her."  and a roasted pepper - on a sesame bun.  Worth ever literal penny you will pay for them."  or even some arroz con leche (rice pudding) at the panaderia (bakery). Even if you (like me) ordered too much and don't have any room left for sweets Had lunch here yesterday and have to say that they have great carne asada burritos.  Fresh Food and a huge portion.  Definitely the best burrito I have had in Phx.  The only downside is the neighborhood--probably not the best place to be at night.  Reminds me of Taquerias in the mission district of San Francisco--yummy  etc etc.. The only let down has been the Fish taco.. it's just kinda dull.. but why eat that when there are the OMFG FALL OVER SO GOOD shrimp tacos. Also the environment is unique  but the seating area is rather large. Sometimes the service gets a bit backed up "Service is fairly decent. Don't expect to hear ""can I help you here"" but a ""what do you need"" look. The food is a little above average. Serving size is large  it is just simple and delicious. I have been back for the huevos rancheros and love the runny eggs and beans and fresh tortillas  and next time I'll actually eat there." "Hands down the best flour tortillas I have ever had. I had a carne asada burrito and I couldn't tell you what the meat tasted like because all I can remember is that tortilla. It was soft  self-proclaimed food eater extraordinaire could not fathom eating one of those). The prices are ridiculously cheap  and will be trying something different.  Their menu is pretty extensive with several traditional dishes (including menudo  pastries looked delicious and the overall vibe of the place was cool. But our burritos were not great. Moved to Phoenix 6 years ago and have yet to find anything close to a Bay Area burrito. What is so hard about having the whole thing heated through?? Still searching." Make sure to try the habanero salsa and chilaquiles. I insist! The chicken ones are the best in my opinion. It's probably enough for two people to share as a meal (or if you're a glutton like me you can eat the whole thing by yourself and be miserable). Also had the bacon breakfast torta today--amazing! Kept stealing bites from my dining partner in crime. have yet to be disappointed by anything here but the chilaquiles are definitely what I come for."  and you get that smell with you in your clothes. I went over a week ago with some coworkers as an ""appreciation "" meal Good selection of food but I think you have to make it your own if not you get a pretty basic plate such as shredded meat of your choice with green or red sauce. I go with the grilled carne asada burrito with jalapenos which are fresh and cooked as well. Even the vegetarian burrito with fajita veggies is delish. To make it even better they have a habenero salsa that is awesome! But BEWARE you will come out and smell like you been standing in front of the bbq grill pretty much from the smoke of their inside grill. Also try their sweet breads! Peace. "La Tolteca is Restaurant/Bakery/Market and sells the best authentic Mexican food I've ever had in the states.  The atmosphere is fast paced/to-go style and there isn't a thing on the menu that isn't to die for!  No need to get dressed up It's almost enough to make me wish I lived downtown." Theres also a Mexican grocer in the back to check out with all the real goods to take home and cook."  as is the green tomatillo/avocado sauce.  The meats / fish are tender and marinates are tasty.  The portions are to huge (if there is one item to complain about).  Awesome bakery too...especially the tres' leche cake." Amazing!  Order the super nachos to go!! "6/22/12 Me and my Friend went in for lunch we got there at 12:59pm and 25 mins. Later we got our order.  The staff including the one's in charge gave no face contact to avoid having to answer the question how much longer from the crowd that gathered waiting for their food.  No one offered a sorry for the wait anything but then it also looked like the staff didn't speak English... With that being said I was for sure thought that the food would be top notch  Mexican food wonderland! I had the Torta Cubana (basically everthing in teh entire world plus an egg) that was the best I've ever had  which this restaurant has failed at (signage). It was nothing too special. Tortilla's were good! But that's not enough to bring me back."  just order at the counter and wait for your magic number to be called.  There are so many tempting things around you to eat while you are waiting which just makes you feel like you are waiting forever.  They serve beer here so that's good to know.  If you are looking for a restaurant experience then go somewhere else.  The burritos are HUGE and the plates all come with rice and beans (this is important to me LOL) the salsas are all very good.  I will be eating here again!" apCfJVnRyaw6oVUBKujpUQ "Had a much better visit then 1 year prior.  My Order was ToGo.  The A la carte Taco's were generous on the meat and flavor.  Especialy the Tripa and Pastor.  The Carne asada was my least favorite.   The Chile Rellano was very nice.  The  Bakery Items that I enjoyed were the Bread Pudding This place has great fresh cooked and made mexican food.  Out of all the mexican places in Arizona (which are alot but awful) I will go back here They shared a giggle.  They were speaking in that half-assed Spanish that has a little English mixed in. Suffice it to say I was offended and promptly cancelled the order. I have not returned since then"  terrible. It was all really inedible as was the Menudo that my girlfriend ordered. Disgusting. Also people are in there at 10am drinking large beers "If you want true Mexican food at a very reasonable price  el pastor gorditas and chicken chimichangas are some of my favorites. The prices are also very affordable!"  received a drum stick and half a chicken back.  Not a drum and a thigh like any other chicken place on the planet."  it was a delicious cut of breaded beef with melted cheese and loads of iceberg lettuce. My mother ordered the shrimp fajitas and they were scrumptious. I would go there again any day and probably would be there regularly if I lived in the area." Really awesome mexican food! I got the super burrito for my first time here and it was excellent! I will return! :D You owe it to your taste buds to stop here." You'll also walk through the Mexican bakery on the way in and out. Lots of displays of authentic Mexican baked goods."  and tortillas special on Thursdays and the Pork Carnitas special every Friday for under $12 which feeds a family of 6. Not only is it delicious but very inexpensive. They also have the best Salsa bar in town." Not good. Sorry. I can get pass the decor if the food was good. Keep going. Big warehouse style with table and chairs at the end. Some good reviews???? Must be the workers.  No Flavor unless you add the sauce (a lot)! The server was very kind. So close to Mexico we thought it would be a no brainer.  there is an area that is more like a small grocery store; we did not explore it."  or to have some more delicious cabeza."  order your meal and go by some dirt cheap pastries while you wait."  cerveza friendly atmosphere. Feels like Hermosillo. Get some pastries to go."  i think they cater too.  They have a panderia along with fresh tortillas to go!" "Now that they have a delivery service I love them even more! Your great food delivered downtown Phoenix via BikeForceUS couriers is as ""green"" as it gets! RideOn!!! Love you guys :)"  this is a great option for solid Mexican food and really delicious pastries!"  which is a good thing. This place has definite high points and low points. La Tolteca has very good cheese and beef tamales....the cheese tamales are very spicy and the beef is well seasoned and delicious and they both only cost 2$ each. They also have a really good salsa bar with delicious salsa verde. There are other things that are less awesome such as the carnita sopes  and fixed the problem quickly and with a smile. Overall I love coming here. Great Mexican food in the heart of Phoenix." "Tried this place out of the blue looking for a new lunch spot and I was impressed. They have a huge selection of food with some fantastic smells when you walk in. Everything is charcoal grilled and tastes pretty authentic when compared to most of the other mexican places I've been to around the valley. Great value for what you pay  and another says they are looking for a baker. No idea how old the signs are." FYI- show up w/ an appetite Bc portions are big."  etc. They have a really good bakery here also. They do all their grilling over wood and the food has that great flavor. I sometimes get chicken and ribs to go from here and it is always really good. This place has been in Phoenix a very long time I'll be back to La Tolteca. Five stars no hesitation." Good authentic Mexican food and panaderia. The price of the platters was slightly higher ($7-10  a plate) than I expected but the flavor and quality reflected that.  we were told the menu has changed even though the changes are not noted on the posted menu and they weren't happy that we didn't like the changes.  After all these years of going there - not again!!!!!" I love you La Tolteca. Thank you for making my life so much nicer and saving me crom mediocre food!!" "This was a sadness pile on a failure plate.   I have had worse but never in a place so widely considered a treasure by the Yelping community.  From recent reviews it looks like this place is a shell of its former glory and that's sad Just a note this place smells from some kind of fire grilling so you will also smell that way when you leave."  not slathered in sauce. Ceviche Tostada is one of a kind and excellent. Carne Asada good but not as excellent as the rest. Pastries super yummy and the tortillas (to bring home) are house made and fresh. Oh yeah "This place is outstanding.  Not in a real good neighborhood but who cares.  The menu is great.  We even get the meat alacarte to go with homemade toritillas and bring home for another dinner.  The price is inexpensive.  Everything taste great. I am from San Diego apCfJVnRyaw6oVUBKujpUQ  the meat was not Milanesa and they put about two cups of iceberg lettuce" This is my go to spot when I need a lot of salsa and don't have the time or patience to make my own. And I generally feel quite like the proud genius for my idea  and good atmosphere. I love the food here and the prices. Amazing place to eat during breakfast Foods great!! Try the burrito al pastor with green enchilada sauce!!! Atmosphere is OK but its what you would expect from traditional Mexican food place. Would defiantly go back and beans were good.. but the rest.. well.. in the trash" but told them to cook the steak in there grill(they use real charcoal!!!) the girls told me that it's going to take 20mins extra.. I said that was fine.. sure enough.. the carne asada tasted waaaay better!!! wow!!!!! still needs to  improvement.."  quality is good and prices are low. Every time I go I fail to order the 1/2 chicken off the grill and regret it... maybe I'll get smart one of these days."  11 (and counting) of our 23 are now sick from food poisoning."  2014) PLEASE CALL: Paola at (602) 506-7171 to report your experience. We do not want anyone else to become ill. 11 people from our party have already become very sick. Thank you." I've been here a few times and each time has been good. This is not high class dining - it is down home Mexican cooking. They use some mixture of gas and charcoal - as you step inside you can see some smoky haze. The prices are low and the food is good.  since it pulled a disappearing act. I miss this place. I used to go there for a periodic lunch. It's so authentic and tasty!" Thank you La Tolteca for a wonderful dining experience. The anticipation and excitement leading up to the meal was a prelude to the roller coaster of a ride presented afterwards. I give you 5 stars because no where else can you get so much fun and excitement for $5.99." "Will never go here again. Carne Asada had no flavor  the portions are generous and prices are modest. It really doesn't get any better than this. Try it I just had a fish taco and carne burrito. Started with the fish taco and that was awesome. Next onto the big guy which didn't disappoint either. Great taste and flavor.  it's great any time of day.  You could try to save room for one of the pastries in the glass case located in the market portion of the restaurant (just behind the counter where you order as the market and restaurant seem to bleed together)  and chilaquiles and a michelada are the perfect hangover cure.  Just nene to have more consistent hours and quicker service at the register.  Usually quick  of course. No flavor on either - I guess they really rely on their salsa bar. The carnitas bordered on inedible due to the very hard crust on the meat. Might try this again someday just to try to see how it got so many 5-star reviews I have been coming to this place for as long as I can remember. I like having the torta cubana here. I wish they still had the ice cream tho... I love it that the restaurant smells like delicious smoked meats. I had the chilaquiles with carnitas and it was very tasty and a lot of food. The meat was very flavorful and a mixture of crispy and juicy. The salsas from the salsa bar are very good too. The atmosphere is very vivid and friends have said it looks like something right out of Rocky Point. "We are from out of town and was staying at a local hotel. Our family loves hole in the walls. On our way out of town we saw this place and decided to stop in. I love the smell of the authentic Mexican establishment. We were behind 6 fireman that were ordering their lunch. Watching their food be prepared was a treat. But not as much as our treat when we ate our food. We had the shrimp salad This is ok but won't return"  long live La Tolteca! :-(" You can also sample some of their sausages next door at the Black Forest Mill."  but the fun kept coming.  They had a fun band playing and we danced our asses off while eating soft pretzels dipped in cheese sauce and other supposed German delicacies.  We had a large group with us and they allowed us to rent out the front room next to the bar.  We had a great time and the staff was really nice.  However  please pay this store a visit. You will be pleasantly surprised. But bring cash! No credit cards accepted. Or you could go next door to the Black Forest Mill to have your German meal prepared for you along with a German beer...."  Sauerkraut etc. I was like a kid in the candy store... :-) Be aware of the ""German"" opening hours and they only take cash or checks. They might be a little bit more expensive than TJ's or Basha's but they sell you the real German stuff!!! Looking forward to my next shopping trip - Oktoberfest here I come ;-)." I'll be back ( la Schwarzenegger) to try the wurst here. The smell of their sausage counter still lingers in my mind..."  and tons of little bottles of condiments to pair with sausages.  And oh boy the sausages are good!  There are so many different kinds that it makes it hard to only pick a few." Great place and like all German butcher shops fhLb0v5NBj93D7PLQpFXfQ  bratwurst and smoked meats for 30 years.  Their prices are so much more reasonable than the grocery store deli counters and their products are always very fresh.  Walking through the door will immediately transport you to Europe!  Don't miss this Valley gem  - cash or check only just like the olden days!" So glad we found this place! Everything is fresh and tastes just like we get when we are in Germany! Walked out with some fresh warm pretzels last week too!  This is our number one place for authentic German meat. Best German sausages that I ever had.  They taste the same as those that I had when I traveled to Germany.  And the best thing is that they will vacuum packed them so they can last for a month and taste just as fresh as long as you don't break the package. Take home a little pastry for dessert! Too many tasty things to mention them all. CASH ONLY. Wunderbar!" "I was raised in Germany... This place is as close to ""home"" as it gets! Try everything. The service is gracious.... Bring CASH!!! If the made cake that day This is our go to for grilling out and its always delicious."  or they'll toss in an end chub (wrapped) into your bag...it seems like they know you're going to rip into one of the other packages I plan to return from time to time to pick up some specialty items."  I can't stop smiling - just standing in the store hearing orders in Deutsch sends me over the moon!! Today I just grabbed 2 wieners and 2 bratwurst as I patiently await my sauerkraut I've got brewing in my crock at home. Homemade cheese and cabbage soup with authentic fried wiener on top and I've got myself heaven. Have always wanted to stop in here and now I have a reason to make it a constant in my life!!"  great German products (auch Zeitung auf Deutsch!) and the sausages were fantastic. You can tell when your business is appreciated  red cabbage and other tasty treats!" fhLb0v5NBj93D7PLQpFXfQ Wz0F7KNiBbnyVaH2boQMRQ "Interesting little butcher shop/german market next to OHSO.  Rather small selection but what we bought looked fresh and tasty.  The smoked pork chops are to die for.  Not much variety in the 'market' either but what they had looked authentically German including mustard  beer cheese.  They even had dumplings in the cooking bags. Those are the best without the mess!! Pretty yummy although they don't have a huge selection of meats" "We found this place when we went to OHSO (next door) and decided to check it out. Friendly delicious German Food. You can smell and taste the freshness of the sausages. Everyone is very friendly and knowledgeable. Makes the hour drive for me ( one way) well worth it!"  cold cuts are usually much cheaper than buying ham/turkey/salami at frys or any other store.  I love all the varieties they offer here and will keep shopping here.  They make it easy by accepting your order by phone Also have fun selection of chocolate and candy." i use to go to this place few years ago and then i forgot about it after moving to another city.i just saw it on YELP and i remember their amazing selection.I think it is time for some russian caviar. I am a big time fan of the Russian honey cake and this place was a disappointment.  The cake had too much shortening added to it and the cake was really dry.  I will not buy honey cake from them again if they will cut out fresh quality ingredients to lower costs. I got a little bit of a lot of things. Loved the lager. Loved the chocolate. The deli meats were good but if you're unsure about any Don't be fooled.... there is PLENTY of parking in back." Try some of the home made salads for a treat."  who has a huge personality and runs this little empire." But semi-salted pickles are the best! mmmmmm I'm drooling just thinking about them :-p~" Definitely going back there."  however the horrible attitude you get from the owner makes you think twice about going to the store. If this was NY or LA he would be long out of business but due to the limited options in Phoenix he thinks he can get away with treating his long time customers like crap. Being Russian I have long come to understand the curt and non-friend behavior of other Russian's but Yasha is all together rude. He belittles and embarrasses his customers  if you like salami you need to try it. If you like pickles try the pickled tomatoes they have here. They also have a nice selection of caviar." This is place has various Russian and European products.  It is okay.  I still miss the Russian/Eastern European markets in Chicago that I would frequent prior to relocating to Arizona. "This place has such a nice selection of salami that I would go back just for that!  My husband enjoys the great prices on the variety of Eastern European beers they have.   Be sure to check out the various dumplings they have in the frozen section This is a nice little place.  Good variety of eastern european meats. My wife was searching for some items she would eat as a kid and Yashas actually carried the items.  They were open on memorial day which was nice.  we will be going back for sure. My wife was looking for Mici which isnt exactly carried at Safeway.  and they had it in the freezer along with a wide variety of meats.  the bakery items looked awesome. i will have to update my review when we  go back. I came here during the end of July while visiting my brother. The cashier was super friendly.  He even let me practice my Russian on him. My family and I bought four different cheeses and with some sausage. The old Kiev one was delicious. I'll be back for Thanksgiving weekend! They could make a killing with a good sandwich maker there!" The best European market in town huge place they have everything from salami to drinks to plates . Great prices and affordable . I will be back to buy fish soon.  this is the store for you and your staples.  Good selection of food from home for those yearning a taste" Which reminds me of the wonderful service. I always had someone asking if I needed help looking for something or if I was doing okay. :)" I love this store! It's very small but they carry an eclectic selection and it's a bit of a time travel to walk in and find Russian wares from candy to beer to fish to canned goods. The employees are very nice.  my mouth is watering-I foresee a trip to Yasha's very soon!"  there is also a lot of foods and beverages from other European countries such as Poland and the Baltic states. You can also come here for lunch from Monday to Friday  to try borscht "Great selection of Eastern European foods.  Great selection of wines WQJwpYwEFT_QTR-lFIh5mA "As original russian I used to love syrniki ( cheese pancake) traditional russian food. So today I bought some from this store. What I got was clump of  flower doe and few specks of cottage cheese. I just had to take picture of that shame  WQJwpYwEFT_QTR-lFIh5mA  and none of the things I was hoping for when I came here. What I did end up buying turned out to be the worst version of said item I have ever tasted. There are no freshly made deli foods of any kind. Quite a bummer of a place unless you are looking for something canned Everything you need to make a traditional Russian meal! The customer service is friendly and helpful. Good meat. Offers pasties too! So good. 