 but Leanna came in with a bad attitude.  I felt she was extremely unprofessional.  All of my family noticed how rude she was.  I saw the proofs and they were ok  and the whole process was so much fun I'm looking for another excuse to do it.  It isn't cheap... plan on spending a few hundred dollars...(she made me look so good I couldn't stop buying pictures!) and if someone told me they could do it for less I'd be suspicious.  This isn't the sort of thing to skimp on!"  she stops to show you various photographs so you get a sense of what you are actually looking like.  She takes all the time you need and you feel like the center of attention.  After a short break following the photo session To any woman who wants to feel sexy and uninhibited- see Leanna. She knows what she's doing!" "Leanna was recommended to me a few years ago by a friend who had boudoir pictures done with her that turned out amazing. A few years later I found the right guy and I knew exactly who to book with. Leanna not only takes the time with you to make sure you have plenty of proofs to choose from but also guides you the whole way so you get the sexiest pictures possible. The session also included having my hair and makeup done by her professional associate Leanna is an amazing photographer!  I have worked with her on three different occasions and I LOOOOOVE her work!  She did my wedding a few years back and I get lots of compliments on our photos.  She is the real deal!  She has been doing this business for quite some time and is a professional who knows what she is doing. She is also not afraid to be assertive and upfront. You can count on her commitment  to capturing your memories seriously.   but still  ended up buying a portfolio with 30 pictures ! Leanna added her own special graphic artist touches to make it really special! I have had several friends and family that want to do it now and two of my friends have already scheduled photo shoots since they liked my results so much! i'm already thinking about another photo shoot for my next birthday I want to try pin-up girl!   I  can't say enough how amazing Leanna is!" Having a picture session with Kay is a fun relaxing experience.   She has a natural talent for bringing out the personalities of her subjects.   She can create a large variety of environments in her comfortable studio or come to your venue.  The final product is top notch! We recently had a photo session with Kay Eskridge from Kay and Co. Photography and I'm happy to say that she far exceeded my expectations.  She is extremely creative and her unique style sets her apart from most other photographers.  She is very friendly and easy to work with.  Kay's photos are the best I've ever seen.  If you are looking for an outstanding photographer I would highly recommend Kay & Co. Photography.  and knowledge. She really knows how to make you feel comfortable about the process. She really makes you feel so at home and it truly makes a difference in your photos. I have to say Kay actually makes taking photos fun! I'd consider myself not photogenic until I started working with Kay- she really works her magic and can give just the right direction to make all the difference. I highly recommend hiring Kay and her team for any of your photography needs and can guarantee she will impress. You must take a look at her site- her works speaks for itself!" 