If the only pierogies you've ever had were the frozen Mrs. T's you got at Giant Eagle It can be a bit of a drive from anywhere that's not McKees Rocks (Google Maps takes you through the hood) but it's worth it."  but has excellent flavor.  It is such a treat to get these when I'm back in town!" The only downside is that Pierogies Plus often closes for several days around holidays. I totally understand it -- family time is important! -- but that often coincides with my visits (I head east around the holidays mainly because I get an extra day with the fam without having to take another vacation day). I've learned to plan my trips around the Pierogies Plus schedule "These pierogies are one of my favorite things in the world. They're freakin' amazing. The potato and jalapeno ones are my favorite. And I definitely think it's worth it to drive all the way out to McKees Rocks to get them. I like to get them frozen  do yourself a favor and order some. Those wonderful ladies deserve your business. Your belly will appreciate it!"  who all had come to McKees Rocks in their rental cars straight from the airport before even going to see their families - that is dedication and commitment to some seriously delicious pierogies. After enjoying a dozen of these filling  these pierogies are some of the best I've ever had Update: Get. The. Italian. Sausage. Pierogies. Holy crap. It will change your freaking life!  I re-learn why I always avoid the corporate food franchises and seek places like this out. Just go there and eat whatever the nice woman behind the counter tells you to! It's well worth the mapquest ..."  I was pretty wary after the hotel bellhop suggested this off the beaten path place. However this place far exceeded my expectations. We bought an assorted dozen of pierogies and they were all delicious (my favorites being the jalapeos pierogi and the bacon potato pierogi).  A great find and an excellent place for someone out of town to try out pierogies!"  and covered in sauteed onions is how you'll get them. So good. We shared the potato and cheese  cold or frozen.  I always go with the hot because nothing beats pierogies bathing in butter and onions.  And here at Pierogies Plus Just finished a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV - always look forward to Pierogies Plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet!  love it so much.  Print the 10% off coupon on their website before going in.   Make sure u print it out TLDR: Go buy your pierogies here!"  stuffed cabbage and other things that I am looking forward to trying next time."  ethnic food.  The gift I sent took my mother back to her own mother's kitchen.  It's the comfort food to beat all comfort foods - it also takes me back to my childhood all those summers ago!  I'm ordering again for my mother's birthday.  The only ""problem"" now is that I have to order enough to include my brothers and sisters who mysteriously show up at my mother's house once the rumor that the package has arrived makes the rounds." "This little former gas station makes some incredibly delicious pierogies. Order ahead for big holidays - we order several dozen every year for Easter and the take out line stretches out the door all day on Good Friday. I particularly like the apricot and cream cheese and the prune varieties. Potato and cheddar are great  cold or hot.  PARKING SUCKS on busy route 51 mckees rocks only enough room for approx 6-8 cars. SUPER BUSY best time to come is between 1pm-4pm------g8 food.  Outside in good weather there is a couple little tables to sit at. "Yummy! I've never tried Polish food aside from a sausage. I have to say it was really good. The ladies that worked there were very nice. The only down side it took a while to get my food. I think it's made to order. Regardless  seeing as how I'm from Pittsburgh.... that's a lot.  The apricot and cream cheese pierogies are amazing!!!  GO."  four pierogies. I have to admit the haluski was EPIC!!! OMG THE BEST I WAS LIKE WHAT AM I EATING!! SOOOO FREAKIN GOOD!!  The pierogies and the stuffed cabbage wasn't as amazing  this place takes the backseat. Its also out of the way for me. However "I was very disappointed in the quality of the pierogies and the haluski at Pierogies Plus.  I ordered them hot and I purchased enough so that I could have leftovers the next day.  When I got home and opened the containers Great food!  I have been eating at Pierogies Plus since they opened.  Great food all around!  The Halupki and Halushki are awesome as well as the Pierogies. Recommend eating here if you're passing through or nearby but I wouldn't go out of my way."  and it was worth it. It's just one of those funky little neighborhood spots that does a great job at its specialty. Ordering was a little awkward but we got through it. We didn't mind sitting in the crappy little outdoor seating area--it was better than getting back in the car." I had a meatball sandwich for $5.50 and it was tasty. It was the size of a half meatball hoagie.   The woman that waited on me said that the meatballs were homemade.    Of course I had to get some delicious Pierogies.. ""Potato and Cheese (submerged in butter and onions).  I took them back to the office and shared." The amount of food in the box was crazy I think it could have easily fed two people. The pierogies are on point. I had potato and cheese and loved them!!! No place to eat so its a to go place but well worth it. Glad we stopped on on our way to Pittsburgh!!! Would go back Sorry just had my first taste of Pierogies Plus. We had the potato cheese I would like to know where the cheese was? The potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed. Not my cut of tea.  the Pierogies are amazing and authentic." I love these. I would eat the whole dozen in one sitting if I could. The apricot cream cheese ones are delicious!  I think shipping is absolutely worth it as along as you order two or more of everything. Everything was so great--maybe even better than my Busha used to make! Will definitely be ordering again and again."  no major chain restaurants.  This place fit the bill perfectly!  Like I said the meals are huge and delicious.  We got there right before closing but they still served us with a smile.  We had the #2 and the #7 The main reason that I deducted a star is because every staff member there has been incredibly rude over the phone or in person.  I got yelled at by a staff person once when I rather meekly pointed out their website prices did not match their in-store prices--not my fault the website was not up-to-date."  and had great ideas.  She returned phone calls promptly and communicated well with all of our vendors.  The wait staff provided impeccable service.  The food looked and tasted great. Need I say more? We still stay in touch even after my wedding is over!" Some of the communication leading up to the event left a bit more to be desired. There was a fair bit of unnecessary back and forth Big burrito catered my wedding; I can't say enough good things. Amanda  was our contact and she always available. Everyone commented on our wedding food being the best they have ever had. I would recommend to everyone!! So if you find yourself in need of a unique venue in Pittsburgh I'm not sure when I'll need that giant giraffe  monster basketball and chic seating arrangements. Everyone felt like a kid again. Great activity for business and families alike. Professional and friendly staff!" I used All the Best Catering for a business luncheon and had a great experience!  Cheryl was very friendly and patient with my various questions and accomodated all of my requests.  I'm definitely bookmarking All the Best Catering for all my catering needs in Pittsburgh. This shows they care about their customers and value the business!!" The food was delicious and plentiful and the service was truly great - they thought of things my partner and I never would have. All of our guests raved about the food. Even though we got the stereotypical ""wedding food"" it was GOOD wedding food. I highly recommend them for catered events - plus "Just today I ate a boxed lunch that had been ordered for a working lunch meeting yesterday. I've never heard of or eaten at this place before. Wow! It was still fresh The day after. Nothing was soggy or spoiled.  The boxed lunch was amazing! The box included a can of soda pop I cant believe I requested a snail mail menu so my building could decide on a new caterer for our lunches and dinners and received 0 our tenant council is still looking for a new caterer since another Disastrous thanksgiving dinner w another caterer.! I cant believe no menu requested even gave you my phone# & address and 1 month 0 thank you for 0 and I will tell council not to use you since we didn't get menu w prices or foods. This job would of been for every holidays that we have lunches or dinners  but the people who work here are great. This is my favorite one!"  I will always go to Boston Market if given the choice." She also forgot to include my cornbread. This place would do well to hire people who enjoy working with the public." "I wish I didn't have to give even 1 star. Horrible service. I ordered family dinner for 4 plus 2 extra sides. I got sighs and eye rolls from the cook and the girl waiting on me. I got home and no extra sides. I paid for them but they didn't put them in the bag. I called and was told that they would send me a card for family dinner for 3 since they charged me for items not received. I called again on July 2nd as they never sent anything. I spoke with Autumn who advised me that she was a manager and would send out a gift card as previously promised. Still have not received. So if you choose this location make sure to check your order because they love to charge you for items you won't receive and have no follow through. I would be happy to get my 10.00 back. This started on June 24th. Terrible servce. We went there at least 1x a month and had no problem spending money I don't remember Boston Market going that far above and beyond standard fast food service... not sure of this is new company mandate or if it's just this location Love this place for it's food. The service was superbly helpful in ordering and humorous personalities  to boot. Can't wait 'til my next visit!  people were nice but not overly nice.  The only super weird thing was there were no napkin dispensers and no trash cans for patrons.  You had to ask for napkins and you were supposed to leave your garbage for the employees to pick up.  It was kind of strange.  I feel like every restaurant should have at least one garbage can in the dining room." I try to go here for lunch at least once a week. I believe it is the best lunch spot in the strip if not Pittsburgh. It's so good that it actually makes me smile thinking about it. I get the smoked salmon salad or the spicy thai wrap. I keep telling myself to branch out but they're such perfect lunches. Their cookies are delicious too. And the lady at the cash register is really nice! Absolute A+  and spend any time during the week in the Strip  we could not have been more pleased with the service or the food. Everyone raved about it being the best wedding food ever! And the cake!! Delicious and beautiful. I would highly recommend to anyone!" mbKM8aLB3H7BCEGbQspPFw  a very pleasant experience.  If you're looking for a good place to have a conference  which you have to take one level up down. This problem could've been solved by having the walkway be one level higher from the 3rd floor of the Westin. Parking is expensive in this area. We expect that for a city setting but you'd have to go out a few blocks to find anything under double digits per day."  and they always put together a great program no matter what it is.  It is a great venue with a ton of room.  Not to mention  so I can't comment on the food. The convention center is probably underutilized. I'd like to see a big comics convention come here for instance." So go take in the view... and I guess some kind of show!"  and one of the better convention centers I've been to." Nicer cans would net this place another star."  great view of the city and close to a lot of great restaurants. Love the atmosphere."  I came here for the Boden liquidation sale yesterday. The views from the line to enter (where I sat for a looong time) were absolutely stunning! The section of the center overlooked the river and the North Shore with a bridge flanking both sides of the view. I didn't mind the wait just because I could admire the view. I look forward to coming back for the home and garden and auto shows in 2014!"  but still using paper towels and old-fashioned hand dryers in the bathrooms?  And heaven-forbid you want to bring your own bottle and fill it up with water at a fountain  the maze inside was pretty easily navigable- this was really important to me because I had to get in and out of rooms quickly as seminars started and stopped every 20 minutes. Compared to other venues I've been to across the country Overall this I had a great experience and won't think twice about coming to another event here. Might take my boy to the dinosaur event this weekend. We'll see."  and the center has tons of space. The only thing that could make the convention center better is more events!" They have a rather large parking garage as well.  Though parking is ample  and am happy that I finally received the opportunity to see the interior.  I hope to return for another event to check it out again soon!"  everything is a bit over-priced and lower quality.  Coffee was disgusting brown water.  They over-charged us by billing for things we didn't order or get We didn't have to park so I'm not sure about any of that.  Overall it was a good venue."  huge facility. Not enough  big enough bathrooms. The cleanliness of the bathrooms is less than desirable. I have never been to a convention of this size where water and coffee was not offered free of charge. Two bottles of water 6.00.... Not sure if is an option the organization didn't ask for or if it is just general practice for the facility. I am not asking for bottles of water just a place to fill a cup. Clean the restrooms once in a while when 5000 people are attending a conference....... A few minor changes would earn this place another two stars."  Comic stands and collectibles. The place is HUGE so give yourselves a couple of hours if you plan on going to an event here. Parking is 5 to 12 dollars next door."  it was funny seeing my husband and his friend fawn all over the machinery. Oh boys and their toys. The convention center is a really nice space though and this place always has interesting events going on. It's nice that they hold the auto show in the winter when everyone's in hibernation so people can get out of their caves."  but maybe every other year.  The only plus is the fact that if you were car shopping  and places I have reviewed to get me to this point.  Without you I would not have had...**music plays and cuts self off**" They also have a coat check area if you want to hang your coat for $2.00. I was thrilled to visit it and will come back next year even if it is just for the trains. Yes  Lionel trains complete with scenery representative of Pittsburgh.  Also of note were Japanese massage chairs which it was possible to demo for 15-20 minutes with benefits rivaling any massage therapy studio.  I am tempted ...  There were a variety of sauna's and jacuzzi's which will remain on my wish list.  This is always a pleasant experience and one only afforded by virtue of Pittsburgh having such a beautiful and spacious convention center." "The convention center is not perfect but it serves its purpose. The event areas are spacious and I have never felt cramped in there. Been here for the car shows uOwuJJhGaiAzuaDY7-o14g OWlWtMJ2DByD650Lw7IXaQ  pretty cool to get real plates and silverware when dining in."  stuffing and sweet potato yams. The cream spinach however seems to be different each time we order it. The cornbread while still good seems to have been reduced in thickness. I've also had the chicken pot pie and so scrumptious. Boston Market always hits the spot and service has always been peppy with no complaints."  you get real plates and silverware. The food is always delicious. It's about $10 a plate but that's pretty much what you pay many places. You'll always enjoy your meal here."  ""Meh.  I've experienced better.""" the ribs were so tender" "next to upmc hospital. new decor felt like a real restaurant. food was really good. clean  I love this place for a quick bit!! If ur on a diet this is a great to stop for fast food ..yummmyyy lunch stop Years ago I definitely would have given this Boston Market a five stars.  I now give this Boston Market four stars because of the corporate policy.  Boston Market serves their meals on real glass plates and real silverware.  Once customers are finished with their meals they leave everything on the tables.  During busy times when the dining room often looks messy as tables are often cluttered with napkins and dished which often have uneaten food on it.  I like the old method alot better.  Plastic plates and customers throw their own trash away. Always love Boston market - this location is no different. Got the rotisserie chicken dinner bowl through the drive through and it was a good sized portion What could have been a very positive experience was absolutely ruined by this man." So I will be back! Despite the occasional whole rotisserie chicken that my family would buy Great food. Great down-home atmosphere and friendly staff. Breakfast is wonderful and the coffee is good. Waffle house is crowded yet Corner Cafe is better all the way around.  The Corner is the perfect breakfast and lunch place for folks who work in the area and travelers passing through. The food is consistent and good. Their menu has daily specials and vegetables plates as well as Greek specialties. Faye greets you at the door and treats you like she really cares. Be sure to check out the collection of vinyl LP covers lining the wall!"  also with 3 types of cheeses what could go wrong.  You would think that with that may types of cheeses it would be heavy but no just the right blend & amount cheese & steak.  Home Fries come with it and all I can say is I hope your hungry.  The portion is quite large.  I'm guessing about 1 3 of my plate was home fires.  Overall service was good and food good  friendly and will ensure you have a hearty and delicious meal. I would definitely come back if I lived in the area!"  strongly recommend you stopping by for a bite! I know I will definitely be back!" "Not amazing by any stretch. I eat here because it's close and cheap and not McDonald's.  Typical family greasy spoon Great local spot with reliable home cooked favs as well as variety to satisfy any palate. Used to be my go to spot when working in the area and I love the owner who is working daily.  but the price definitely was. For was good too. Has a real diner feel. Make sure your home fries or hah browns aren't cooked in bacon grease if you are a vegetarian (our make sure they are if you are  great management and great staff. I'm personally a fan of their breakfast and desserts! 5stars and a must ""stop in"" when in the area!" Still want IHOP even though 5 hours after eating this I'm still burping up onions I never asked for."  and eggs which cost $7.99. A co-worker ordered a ham and cheese omelet which cost him $7 bucks... no sides or anything. The pricing is ridiculous. This is not IHOP quality food. I guess we will be going to IHOP for now on since we are paying these type prices. 85% of the time  dealt with and interacted with at every level was a pleasure to deal with.  Nathan really helped with the planning and the scheduling and made the entire process so much better for us."  the service was so slow that it took us 2 hours to get our food the wine was delivered after 40 minutes. Sure the view is cool but really?? Glad some one else paid or I would be MAD."  with a very nice view. We found the staff very welcoming and every part of our 5-course dinner was prepared to excellence. My 12-year-old --to my great surprise-- even pushed aside her filet to finish off my grilled salmon.......she normally hates fish  the top floor can accommodate several people but there are a few rooms rather than one large one so we missed out on the cake cutting because we were in the room with the band. For that reason I would prefer a location with one large space for a wedding reception  especially at sunset. I love to watch the sun set from the Stonewall Jackson Room as the planes at Charlotte Douglas International Airport take off in the distance.  The views of the city are probably my favorite feature of the city club.  The Charlotte City Club is more than a place: it's an experience!"  it separates everyone. If you want dancing it's not enough room. Great food and the employees are ok. They kind of rush you though." "Don't Get Married Here. My husband and I got married in July. We had sit down dinner and chose 3 meals for our guests to choose from. The Filet which was the most expensive came out raw to about half the guests who ordered it. I had 2 guests told they were out of their meal and had to pick something else even though I payed for it. The event manager who I worked with the whole year stepped back the night of and gave it to the banquet manger who I never met and knew nothing about us or our wedding. Coffee and dessert was never announced and when we asked for it to be they said they would but still didn't and by the time we realized it was too late. That was $2000 down the drain. We bought sparklers for the end of the night send off and when my mother in law asked for a second one the man handing them out wouldn't give it to her even though we payed for them. It is now 2 months later and we have been emailing with the event manager since to get some kind of resolution. But he keeps shooing us away. They don't seem to care that we spent a ton of money her as they are ala cart. I would have liked not as many issues as this was my first wedding. So here is to all the Bride's. This place is beautiful but not worth the money Experience - There is no where in Charlotte that comes close.  On special event weekends it is very nice to be able to get a table that is quiet and not jammed up against the next table.  Parking is available in the deck of the building.  Overall BjJHiEjwELsXIXshAgnqUQ "The manager claims he is very helpful ?? He is not! He charmed us n showed us the venue n the whole nine yards. We sat down for a sit down meeting for about an hour ... To make a long story short .. He never called back with the price n I guess blew us off !!! Apparently we didn't impress him enough ?? Well we found somewhere else for our party n they r helpful.. He promises a lot here the manager   the menu looked amazing but we managed to pick out our entrees. The food was superb!!! So good that it made me think about joining the club! I had dined here three times prior to this meal and all the food I had were amazing. One time I had the filet mignon and the steak was so tender I was able to easier cut through with a butter knife! Take that Morton's!" It's probably because I was at the Westin half the day that I still had a good experience but if I'd spent all day only using the Convention Center I definitely would have left with a much less pleasant experience."  the place appears to have been designed by special needs students of M.C. Escher.  A frigging train goes through the middle of the building.  First floor rooms are labeled 2.  Sometimes to get to rooms on the second floor (3) The food I've had here is tasty albeit expensive. It's typical banquet eats with an elevated taste profile. Charlotte needed a convention center of this magnitude  Bojangles and a few other place to grab some munchies.  I really enjoyed the traveling bands that were playing all weekend on my breaks.  Looking for a space for a more upscale event the Convention Center can host that as well ask them about the Grand Ballroom!" P.S. If you get hungry for a little snack the convention center is also home to an inhouse Bojangles'  stop being cheap.  Business and trade groups are already paying you huge $$$ for the place and services.  Throw in wireless.  Why is this such a hassel?  Because in many places Glad to see the Queen City has a nice center for events!"  they have tons of signage and people directing you on where to go. Oh and I love that they have somewhat decent places to grab food. There are not a lot of places offered - but the food quality is better than most." There are other larger breakout areas where you can sometimes find auto shows or similar." "I attended the 2013 AAHPERD National Convention.  A very good venue  a sign told me to walk 2 tenths of a mile to the next one. When I got there a similar sign. They lead me to each exit  but we opted to go outside and support the restaurants and sandwich shops on The Green right across the street." Dltf_Wkf_gK9k9IHQAa48w  we had a really positive experience and we'll be back!" The cell service can be a bit weak if you are in the bottom floor  there is parking available nearby. Especially on weekends where you may be lucky and locate a street spot for free. During the week I'd recommend keeping it in a deck and leaving it there until you're done. I elected not to eat at the convention center This is a nice convention center and what makes it the best is that it is in downtown Charlotte. Lots of fun places to go and great restaurants all around. This convention center is large enough for any event. I worked a car show at this venue and it was very convenient. It fit the expectations any convention center should. It's right by many restaurants and hotels so it is walking distance to pretty much and thing you need.  the convention center staff and the Lego associates kept this event running smoothly.  The convention center is very clean and easily accessible for anyone wanting to come in and visit  consider taking the Lynx Light Rail. Parking is extremely limited & cost anywhere from $15-30. The light rail is right behind the convention center & only costs $2.25. Thank me Later!!!" Air was on during set up  thank you!! Bathrooms clean. Here for the Europa Sports Expo. I have been traveling so much and just forget to check in with Yelp.  the simple walking path that then turns into a Vietnam war timeline. It's just a tasteful little park around a chapel with enough walking and sitting space to provide a quick respite  which is nice if you have people coming from out of town or simply from different sides of town. There is a beautiful garden outdoors with lots of trees and a sweet little gazebo which is perfect for those wedding photos." thanks to everyone for liking my reviews  so lots to do and the park next to it was nice to walk thru to kill time. Only draw back is the parking. We ended up parking by the Target and walking the trail to the chapel." B5x1E8x6l7Jfic13OJ-BkQ I've never had dinner at the Big Chill. Therefore  and the place can fit a 250 person wedding easy. Tyler is the manager and runs a tight ship - with great attention to detail and over and above service. Servers are always cheerful  and great venue. Just be aware of parking (because the surrounding businesses will tow)!"  Mackenzie and the rest of the staff serving us were amazing. They made sure that each aspect of the evening went off without a glitch. People were so impressed with the food and the venue that I was told that it was the best wedding they had attended!" Very nice banquet hall that was used for my friend's wedding reception. Food and drinks were excellent. Staff were attentive. Parking is tight. They had a free valet service for the reception. "This is the cutest little place.  You instantly feel like a true lady or gentleman when walking into this place.  They have all kind of gourmet salads and sandwiches to go with your afternoon tea.  They also have a variety of wines to have with dinner or you can take a bottle home.  They cater and do private parties I agree with Lindsey R. that it's not a place to go necessarily for the food...it's more for snacks and tea and chatting with friends in a fabulous atmosphere. I'm glad we have little places like this one. It's a rare and wonderful find."  this one wins hands-down. I know little about their food-but their cakes are pretty amazing! Adorable little place to have a party or sit down and drink some tea...kind of like a fairytale cafe...La-Tea-Da's is the coolest party place for girls in town."  can't recommend them enough - definitely add them to your list when interviewing caterers!"  I would definitely recommend La-Tea-Da's for catering." In the end we were able to get out of the contract and I hired another caterer...Creative Catering that was AMAZING! The food was to die for and the service was perfection. Corey the owner is such a wonderful person he will make you laugh and do everything it takes to make sure your wedding is the best day of YOUR life! And ours truly was...thankfully. Thankfully we were able to run far away from La Tea Das and if you are searching for caterers you should too!"  I believe all the guests had a wonderful time. The food was part of it and well the alcohol was another! I would definitely think of this catering if I ever need them in the Charlotte Area."  a week went by and I heard nothing.  I called to follow up and she said she did receive my online request and would work on getting it to me within the week.  After a week passed and I still did not hear anything I emailed them to follow up and they said they would get me the information by the close of business day.  Another few days went by and after still not receiving information I called to let them know.  The lady on the phone told me that Elizabeth was ""very busy and had a lot on her plate"".  I let her know that if they can't be trusted to give me a quote they couldnt be trusted to be my wedding caterers."  and more somehow all came together beautifully to create one of the best food experiences I've ever had. My guests consistently echo my sentiments as well. My only regret was not taking the time to eat even more (though it wasn't for lack of trying on the part of the staff! We arrived to the reception venue to a lovely candlelit sampling for two while the cocktail hour wrapped up and the amazing staff diligently kept our cups and plates full the whole night.) I could go on and on "I will never be able to say enough about Elizabeth and the staff at La Tea Da's. They are beyond amazing! They catered our wedding reception and I have never heard so many compliments about food from guests at a wedding!! They also created a signature drink that was a huge hit and went above and beyond to make sure me The food was absolutely delicious! But the service was even better. Hats off to Debbie! Service with a smile and great conversation.  and ensuring all the details come together seamlessly.  You will not have to worry about a thing on your big day if you hire them!  I would highly recommend them for your wedding  because I would be driving 3 hours in the night before and would not make it by closing. Right off the bat she said ""no."" I then asked if it was at all possible and would be willing to pick it up at any time that works for them. After a brief hold I would strongly recommend La Tea Da's for any catering job you need!!"  shameful.  I will never use this caterer again nor will I recommend it to any of my clients or businesses I do business with." Melissa and staff please hold your heads high and don't this get you down! You guys do a great job 100% of the time I have had the pleasure of working with you! Keep it up!"  excellent fare! I would definitely book them for a future event." We use Occasions at least four times a month for various corporate events ranging from basic breakfasts to retirement parties.  The staff is very professional and friendly and the owner is very savvy and well versed in her craft.  I give them a thumbs up!  they arrived early and set everything up beautifully.  I kept getting compliments on the food "I've used Waiter's Choice for dozens of catering jobs. Mostly corporate lunches at work for 10 to 120 people. I have used their white tablecloth formal setup as well as their express style service. Most recently they catered breakfast  2 days last week and lunch 3 days last week each for 20 people. each delivery was perfectly on time Waiter's Choice is the BEST for executive lunches! I ordered a large tray of sandwiches and sides from this company to provide lunch for about 35 people. The sandwiches were AMAZING...fresh with herbs sprinkled on top. The sides were also super delicious. This is an AFFORDABLE company with GREAT food options and a FANTASTIC staff. Thanks so much Waiter's Choice! "WC catered our Thanksgiving office party and did a nice ob. We ordered a traditional turkey and trimmings meal. Everything tasted delicious. The turkey was not dry as it sometimes can be  and shop in Baxter Village."  and they also have many pub crawls and festivals.  There are also some trails in what's left of the trees that were torn down to make this place.  There really aren't any major chain stores or restaurants in here  an a cool kinda New Orleans inspired cuisine (I'm guessing) where I had Lunch." Definitely head down for some delicious Italian at Fratelli's or Above Board Games for all your Magic: The Gathering needs... And if you get tired? Don't worry (I hope they have the beer cupcakes again soon!)" It has a really beachy feel to it and when the weather is nicer most restaurants have outdoor dining space. Def worth a swing by if you are in fort mill!" ...I may even wander around with my dog and pretend we live in the neighborhood.  If you see the girl with a Starbucks and sheepdog There are little shops and restaurants. We will definitely be back!" We'll have to rely on other Yelpers to offer a more accurate rating.  I gave the A-OK 3 star rating since a rating is required.  Check out my pics.  You can also find a PDF menu on their website." "Service is extremely subpar.  They messed up our order and we didn't notice until we got home.  Called to inform them of the mix-up and asked that they have our original order ready in 10 minutes as I drove back.  The woman on the phone didn't apologize and abruptly asked It's worth it though and I'll be back."  and it looked like the lunch menu has cheese curds and sandwiches as well as ceviche." I would recommend them to anyone in the Madison area"  you can see them here: http:  runningblonde.com tag wedding-photos " _rQ9qSeHZ4l4M5uqj1TFCQ I'll update after the wedding." "Austin and Rick from Blue Plate did an outstanding job at our recent Grand Re-opening.  Delicious food Thank you again for making our big day go so smoothly  we sent a confirmation email just indicating that we were looking forward to the meeting on Wednesday. David replied back stating that they had a ""large event"" book for Wednesday and no one would be in the office to meet with us. I have to wonder what would have happened if we had not reached out to them. We would have shown up for our planned meeting and no one would have been there to meet with."  which threw off the whole day because the ceremony was at the same place as the reception. I can't say I would recommend them to anyone based on my experience." BPC was wonderful. They went above and beyond with the food and with making sure we got the outdoor wedding we had been dreaming of since we booked with Olbrich Gardens. Thank so much for everything _rQ9qSeHZ4l4M5uqj1TFCQ  I can't comment on the experience of being a customer with this company  I spent years hiring and firing many caterers. Not these guys! I cannot say enough wonderful things about Blue Plate. Their team is so professional and on top of their game and I never had to worry about a thing with them! Most importantly - there food is awesome! Definite 100% recommendation from me. I wish I could still use them where I am now!"  they had a parrot.  That was cool." Plus they have a large cage with a blue and gold macaw at the front entrance.  I'm always a sucker for pet parrots."  everything about this hotel has been repulsive and disappointing. Unfortunately  which says a lot considering the lying kitchen and Suite bosses!" "I'm sorry to see that some people wrote horrible reviews...but I (and my older parents) just enjoyed a 3-night stay and we were very happy with the service!  The staff is very friendly Thank you to Manager Tonia Ribbe - it was great to sit down with you and thank you for managing such a great staff!" next time i'm in town i will be sure to stop in and eat eat eat!"  because they are the frozen kind.  They taste just like the ones at Panda Express.  I think I would give this restaurant 5 stars if their egg rolls were bigger and homemade.  Over-all it was a pleasure to eat here and I will definetly go back!"  and the waiter will usually remember what we ordered and ask if we would like it again. Great place!" Go to Peking Garden instead. These guys at Rainbow Garden need to lighten up!!" "We work on campus and typically have lunch at Rainbow Garden once a week .... Tuesday is Rainbow Day!  Over the past 3-4 years there has been some variation in the quality of the food  the manager brought out a free appetizer and entree.  On top of that he waived the entire cost of the meal.  RG really cares about its customers."  one dish can usually provide two meals).  My only complaint is that while dining in they do not provide enough rice with their meals.  This isn't a problem Rainbow Garden has also offered a special menu of delicacies during previous celebrations of Chinese New Year "Nice place have been back multiple times.  Unpretentious on the outside  their delivery service is fast and good also." Braised chicken/shrimp/whateverelse protein is always good. Same with the lo mein ..I've had way more things there but I can't remember but it's great. Try anything. But the weird tofu thing it tastes like hard compressed dough that was uncooked and super dry ..."  and their jjajangmyeon is the best you'll find in champaign. In short: food is decent but service is horrible." I'll be coming back to Rainbow Garden in the future when I'm craving Korean-Chinese food."  and I will not be going here again. I probably could have done better at home."  I suppose. I liked it enough. I'd come back. I wish they gave me some more rice though. I like a lot of rice." I have been going to this place for years. I swear they have gotten even better recently. I got Chicken Eggplant last time I went and it was amazing. Service was very fast even though we ate there on a Saturday evening when they were very busy. Food took no time to get to us. Can't wait to go back! I recently got this for delivery which was very quick. Most of the food was good but I was not a fan of the amount of breading on the Orange Chicken. That just means I will order something different as the Shimp dish that my hubby got was really good. I have had other things from here previously that I also really enjoyed. The prices are reasonable and the delivery charge is understandable. Also the fact that they have Online Ordering now is a big plus. I will definitely be ordering from them again.  and loved it although there was no heat.  My husband ordered General Shrimp which was the best General anything Chinese I've had.  He also had Beef Lo Mein that was pretty tasty.  The prices seem high  and that is also a pleasant experience.  This is our ""go-to"" place for Chinese delivery (partially for lack of many other options)." My only complaint is it's hard to park in their lot given the giant billboard in the middle of it."  it's great to escape from the hustle and bustle of inner campus once in a while and enjoy a scrumptious meal at Rainbow Garden."  you have to order off of the full menu.  But the food quality here is very good and everything tastes fresh.  I'm a fan."  and Chinese spinach online.  Afterwards I got a call saying they were out of the Chinese spinach so I had them substitute for regular spinach "Surprisingly good - My advice? GO THERE . It's a much more enjoyable experience than typical mid-west delivery 'chinese' food. If you dine in the service is generally super-friendly The food was okay but some of the staff are very rude and uncourteous. I had a very unpleasant encounter during lunch time once when the person serving the food demanded a better tip from me when I was leaving the restaurant!!! I had actually tipped him fairly well and I think it is very unprofessional to vocally demand for more money even otherwise! He did not seem to care that I was a regular at the restaurant before this incident and I have decided never to visit the place again. The biggest problem is their SERVICE. The staff there are rude and impolite. They constantly asked for better tips (15% seemed a bit low to them?) and complained about trivial things. I will never go to this place anymore." Take home: I'll be trying out a new Chinese place next time."  there are to many crappy Chinese places that would make the health department go crazy.  If all were of this quality I like the place for the atmosphere and of course the food. I always order sizzler beef which it's good. They use different shapes of boxes for different dish for delivery which makes sure you have a larger container for soup. Has authentic stuff and americanized stuff like orange chicken too.." Extremely fast delivery! Great crab rangoons. Perhaps the worst aspect I experienced here was the server only speaking in Chinese despite knowing that there were English-speaking people at the table. He didn't address us at all and just choose to talk Chinese to the only person in the table to understand it. That was extremely rude and I was quite offended by it." We love Rainbow Garden! The food is a bit high-priced but it is worth it. We usually order for delivery and it's always quick and less than the time they tell you. The food isn't greasy at all and the flavor is excellent.  Worth a try if you haven't already.  I definitely will be back for the black bean noodles or maybe change things up and try something new!" I'm giving this place 5 stars.  The only down side is that I don't get to Champaign often enough.  But if I do Went with white coworkers for lunch a few times. Each time the server gave everyone silverware except me - I got chopsticks because I was Asian. Food was greasy as hell. How do you mess up a fried rice? I ate it with my chopsticks. Came here for the second time (first time was over a year ago). I got the garlic battered shrimp with cashews which was good - 3.5/5. It would've been better if there was some veggies on it like broccoli or cabbage.  My boyfriend got the tofu stir fry with mushrooms and it was disappointing. I would say a 2/5. It was somewhat bland and had ginger pieces that my boyfriend had to pick out. I would be back for the walnut shrimp or the garlic shrimp. I'm not sure how much it costs at other restaurants but the walnut shrimp was $16 and the garlic shrimp was $15. The tofu stir fry was $11.  and a very tentative staff.  Food was good  I get it to feed a lot of people. I placed my order for carry out. The woman taking my order over the phone was very friendly. She reviewed my order and let me know total amount on phone. She gave me a 15 minute wait time. It was ready when I got there. The food was so delicious!! Everyone was happy with all. Our favorite dish was the crab rangoon appetizer. We will definitely use this rainbow garden next time we want Chinese food."  Rainbow Garden is definitely one of the nicer places for a good dine-in experience since it's decorated better than most and the staff is on point. The food is also pretty good and the portions are on the larger side. To this day qAHfwLnF16taUxvs3WgKzQ  and Noodles with Vegetables for a friend of mine who was in serious sickness. She's pretty happy with both the quality and the quantity of the food. The Wonton If you go in the near future - definitely check out the ongoing construction. The top floor of the West Hall boasts an impressive view of the North and East expansions where you can see all the cranes and construction going on and more detail than you can imagine." "The new wing of the Phoenix Convention Center was too vertical for the annual car show.  The higher end autos were located on three levels in relatively small segmented rooms. The escalators were the narrowest I had ever seen and very steep.  We witnessed several families with strollers unable to use the escalators and having difficulty in finding an elevator from both the ground level and the third level.  The walking distance between the old wing with a large bay for many types of cars/trucks and the new wing was greater than expected.  In the winter this was OK but questionable during the hot summer.  In terms of the auto show itself we somehow missed the ""Smart Car"" plus the new Dodge Charger was in San Francisco instead of Phoenix.  Otherwise My husband and I stopped in here last Friday to walk around the Arizona Home and Building Expo (summary: some cool design ideas; lots of over-priced offers and garage cabinet makers; better to go on Kudzu.com **This is actually supposed to be ""beards"" but for the record there were no bears either" i loved everything but the cactus sand sculpture that look more like butter then they do sand."  well maintained and a nice assortment of food in the food court. Tortilla was my favorite! :)" Wifi not being free is also a bummer." A friend of mine has a different philosophy. He claims that you want to take the more circuitous route through the hall since people tend to congregate in the center of the place. He probably has a point (although I'll never admit that to him): there's actually a hierarchy of vendors and the less desirable ones tend to get stuck along the back walls. When you navigate this path  which requires you going down 2 separate escalators just to get to.  The entire complex is shiny and huge and amazing.  Of course Even though the CC itself deserves 5 stars I almost gave this post 3 due to the uneventful city." I recommend going here if there is an event you're interested in because it is clean Home of 2011 Phoenix Comicon!!!  I'll write more after it's over.  Can't wait! :)  this is the reason the Phoenix Convention Center gets three not four stars. The parking for the convention center is $12. Normally I was there for Jamfest the cheerleading competition . . although throwing an event there seems to be quite costly. $700 for one round of water (no outside food or drink for staff or folks in attendance)but the staff was quite friendly and the space is quite mailable. Now unlike Lindsey F. I did not drive there I live so close I simply hopped 1 bus and walked 3 blocks. So I had no parking beef. They rendered 3 Stars because of the high cost of doing biz w them. people spent allot of money downtown and because of the boost in local commerce for the day the city ought to be more accommodating to events that patron the facility. Knowing that they have other options in the area where the can be treated better. I know for certain a local lighting company lost out some biz because the budget constraints posed by the costly policies forced on on Jamfest! Shows that come through town annually should be given reasons to keep coming back!  it was basically a glorified swap meet of lots of local comic book stores that raised their prices to celebrate the convention. Its sad when the most entertaining part of Comicon were the ticket buyers dressed in full geek gear. This convention really needs to step up their game to even dare stand in the shadow of the Mega San Diego Comicon. On the plus side Mbu2t_xT7HFI9uHdJfiZTQ Great job on the architecture as well... very nice!!!" "Access is good - but when you have an event going on here it can get really difficult to park and move in your booth - but overall good direction Great space. Came to pick up my bib for the R&R Marathon. Stopped at Tortilla's Mexican Food inside and it was delicious! Chicken taco plate was pretty good!  I loved the dental convention! (I hate being forced into pre-race packet pick ups). I came back the next day for the Academy of General Dentistry regional meeting and was shocked it was $200 to rent a small room for a meeting and only on site food is allowed where cans of soda go for $4 a pop!"  a great convention center that is about to accondate large conferences."  but I saw several men there as well.  I must have entered at least 15 drawings.  Deidre Hall was great.  It's an even better time if you can get a few girlfriends to go with you.  There were 4 different stations for alcohol samples.  Some of them were good some not so much  and the location is very convenient right off the light rail stop 3rd Street/Washington or 3rd Street/Jefferson depending on the direction you're coming from. I know people complain that if they drive in they have to pay for parking but I also know that while one nearby garage charges $12 another close by charges $6- so if you really want to save some money just drive around the block. Both those garages are a very quick walk away."  there are little touches of Arizona culture and Southwestern art everywhere. I love how the large windows let in lots of natural light and offer great views of the downtown skyline. There are plenty of bathrooms "Very clean and nice convention center. Staff is ""ok""..." Beautiful Venue! Easy to navigate and friendly staff. Open and airy and sunny!  and its worth checking out. Plenty of clean pretty bathrooms and tons to do in and outside of the center with variety of different sized spaces to hold any kind of event  but I definitely feel that some personnel improvements can be made."  compared to other convention centers I've been to ours in Phoenix ranks as one of the nicer ones."  the flow of traffic does bottleneck in some spots (people will wait in line for 30 minutes just for a free water bottle I came here to pick up my race packet for the Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon. Paid $8 to park at an underground lot across the street because we couldn't find any metered parking.  I was immediately impressed by the food court at this convention center even though I didn't get to eat here. There was a coffee shop and a few other fast food joints with plenty of seats.  I just kept thinking how dinky the food cafeteria is at the LA convention center is compared to this place.  Packet pickup went smoothly.  There was no traffic coming in and out of the area. This review pending a post-event phone call to air grievances. If you are hosting and event and have it within your budget I would see what the Phoenix Convention Center can do for you." There is $5 parking available on the corner of Washington and 2nd St. Must have cash. The convention rooms downstairs are huge!  It reminded me of the ballrooms available in hotels but much larger.  The staff seemed organized and the tradeshow went smoothly :]" You'll always have plenty of room to do whatever you need if you are putting on an event here.  The facility is clean and the bathrooms are awesome.  I kind of had a hard time finding parking.  They have huge roll up doors in the back that make loading and unloading for any type of display really easy.  The security guards are kind of nazi's when it comes to letting people drive up the ramp in the back when it is time to tear down. F6BedoYgbAQHqwKX9F0zDQ  we had a great time.  It was nice and cool in the building which is always a plus in Phoenix!"  just don't plan to eat there." "I love you Phoenix Comicon "Went to the bridal show It is always well taken care of and clean. "Came here for a 5 day Keller Williams Realty convention and loved it.  So close to restaurants and hotels.   Couldn't handle a 30 000 agents. The convention center was very clean and close to dining. Had a wonderful time! Thank You"  spacious and well appointed with the exception of the good court area. Also may need to walk long distance to closest bathroom from some meeting rooms." An unavoidable ""con"" to this convention center: the building QUAKES when large vehicles/the tram passes by.  A bit jarring  where the hell else are you gonna go on short time and close by).  But nice and air conditioned. It's Phoenix.  That's crucial." I will say though that for once I was so glad that the A/C was blasting inside the convention center." Overall this place is great and if you have and event here you should be so lucky and enjoy get a map and don't get lost." The parking here was easy to find and overall it's a great venue."  there will be more to make the Convention Center's setting more appealing.  Then just solve the parking trek + cost issue and this place is exceptional" I like that they have like 12491274912 bathrooms  parking for event staff is $4 and can be a bit of a walk. It's spacious and lots of places to wonder around in between sessions. Power stations to charge your handheld devices and clean bathrooms  the Barrett Jackson Auto Auction. I am embarrassed this is how we treat out firefighters and their  family members visiting from all over the world. I worry for the citizen who is handicapped or elderly that has to walk a mile out of their way!" All in all I would host a large event here with the confidence that it will go off without a hitch. The place is plenty big enough......very clean.....well lit......and it is very easy to get in and get out. Eat So much fun for kids and adults it definitely was worth the wait and the price was very convenient over a great experience If your in the area of the convention center you should stop by and spend some time." University of Phoenix Stadium is a state of the art sports arena.  All of their video panels are high def and the wifi speed was excellent.  I attended Super Bowl 49 and was impressed with the facilities.  The area around the stadium was well kept and welcoming.  I will attend future football games here in the near future. I attended the NFL Experience for Super Bowl 49.  The event was well organized and the property was well maintained.  They had plenty of staff working the event willing to help out. I spoke to several locals who frequent events at the facility who also expressed their praise of the property. Very large. Went here for the Super Bowl and surprisingly it was kept very clean! Nice die toon from one floor to another through all of the endless escalators. The outside is also very appeasing with its looks.  get these businesses on square or some other online payment system and nip that problem in the bud." I look forward to attending various events at the convention in the future and appreciate supporting downtown Phoenix activities.  See you all there again!" It's a convention center. What more can I say.  Phoenix downtown is boring overall. Some ok hotels nearby. The Westin is a easy walk.   No free wifi is disappointing Over all I would go back to an event at the Phoenix Convention Center."  very convenient location downtown right near light rail and many restaurants. Biggest con is that there is no internet. It's 2015 people  and other parts were stuffy and dirty. Not sure if it was due to a technical issue or poor planning "This is an expansive convention center. Props for LOTS of bathrooms. And the staff are great at cleaning them very frequently. They also have a food court within the convention center  pretty decor. Came here for a small convention. Was impressed with the layout and nice decor. Bathrooms were abundant and super clean. Temperature controls were good and meeting rooms were quiet. They have a ""visitor information"" desk and staff there were helpful and nice. My only complaint would be there seems to be a lot of food venues (Chinese F6BedoYgbAQHqwKX9F0zDQ F6BedoYgbAQHqwKX9F0zDQ F6BedoYgbAQHqwKX9F0zDQ There were some food options inside the show area. These bring down the overall score. The line was tragically long and the options were severely limited. The long lines are likely a reflection of the food court being so far away." This place is giant. I'm truly amazed at how big and clean it is. The staff is really nice and helpful. It has really nice conference/ classroom setting type rooms that are big and large for great breakout sessions. Pretty nice place. Conveniently located.  chairs & misc. office needs; even when offered two to three weeks notice in writing. It took two days to get lighting adjusted in one of our meeting rooms  we had a good time. The venders and events were awesome. We would have enjoyed ourselves much more had there been more room to breathe. I seriously question if fire codes were considered when they were selling tickets for this event." Was at Comicon yesterday and we enjoyed the event. Event was organized and they had enough security during the event. I will be back next year for sure! Place is nicely kept bathrooms were clean and they are everywhere. Love that we have this amazing  place here in Phoenix when temps reach records high and are still able to enjoy these kinds of events with air condition atmosphere. F6BedoYgbAQHqwKX9F0zDQ  but at least it did go pretty fast. The place was crowded and very hectic. The kids had a ball  quiet and the people have been friendly.  Hotels and restaurants are close by.  If you have to work both sides of convention center then wear comfy shoes as its a hike." Not sure how the arrangements for the brunch work? My son always takes care of that part." Red Fez room open for lunch again! Only open Wednesdays but good food and not crowded! Ij5mFZhEjX-zT8f3vBMe9Q  and they didn't bother give out their business cards or adoption applications (without somebody pulling teeth just to get them to give them)- just ""adopt"" spam handouts.  The cats & kittens were pretty much anti-social and didn't truly belong there due to needing more foster-care socialization :(  I looked up the group online and saw that they pull e-list animals and treat them medically and place them at various Petsmart locations- I don't see ""foster homes"".  My breed specialty is a Persian  it must be fantastic."" After all Boston does have the Celtics. And they gave us Kristin and Jared. But can they pull off fast food. Yea  and the apple pie is almost unedible.  I will definitely try something else next time." Comfort food... Basic down-home dinner. :-) sometimes ya just gotta.  the food is fresh and I'm always in and out. Most of the time I'm picking up food for the whole office so one of the employees told me that i can call and order over the phone to make it easier on me which was great! I love going here The price was great and id recommend it to families or anyone just wanting a decent meal So I have been there TWICE in the past week now im hooked! lol fresh clean ! Tasty! I love there Coke cups maket he soda taste just better! Service is great Chefs are friendly New fav place! lol = ] Enjoy guys!  and the sandwiches are rocking! Definitely a home cooked alternative to the fast food competitors. Service with a can do attitude and smile. This is one place that truly appreciates their customers." "I love my comfort food and Boston Market always fits the bill.  I have always loved the rotisserie chicken but on this trip I decided to try the Ribs.  Flavorful and tender they were good but were not served hot as expected.  It was almost like they were prepared "Let's be real. Its Boston Market. They aren't reinventing the wheel.  But the food came out hot and fresh tasting. And the service was super friendly.  Theresa anticipated my needs and the line worked fast.  If anything I love Boston Market. I do not know how to cook and so the food there is always better than mine. The best part is if you buy a meal during the week they give you a coupon for one half off on Saturday.  Great value and it heats up well. "A good location. Everything here is always fresh "Have been craving boston market a lot lately. They have stellar originator chicken. Go here once evrey couple weeks. Staff is friendly  good mix of spicy and sweet and probably the best sauce for chicken ever."  Sweet Tomatoes closed next door and this was my next choice. It also offers free wi-fi."  service and place.  Always fresh."  I wish Phoenix had KOO KOO ROO Chicken like they do in LA....They are way better than Boston Market." This Location Closed on Monday May 18th.  Sad to see them go.  and a flan that was the talk of several tables of guests. If I was going to throw an event in Phoenix (Unlikely since I live in NM)  and great food.  Passed snacks included an artichoke cake served cold with an olive tapenade.  My favorite was a shaved beef with mascapone dressed in truffle oil.  The main courses included a cesar salad served in individual cups.  Sliders were delicious with my favorite being chicken with roasted pineapple.  They had a wonderful shrimp pasta dish that was gobbled up by people.  Desserts were cupcakes in four different flavors I am interested to know what their other food is like Disappointing Turnover with grill chefs. There does not appear to be loyal followers here..." 5y6NVPJIug3LYmKp_at_yg I am pretty confident in saying that if you want to work with the best caterer in the valley If you want some awesome food at a reasonable price this is it! I had a Christmas party for future clients and was impressed with everything. We had the slow roasted brisket with potatoes and vegetables. Great meal!  My future clients kept raving on how good it was. It was on time and hot and simply delicious. I look forward to doing more business with these guys in the future. "Pam & Nibblers saved me!  Last minute office luncheon and they were able to put together a great menu. Prompt service and set-up Thank you Nibblers!  You make my work life so much easier." Nibblers always arrives on time and the food is always delish! Never a complaint about our cratered holiday event!"  and the greasiest most unflavorful potatoes known to mankind. The breakfast burritos weren't bad once their salsa was added to them. The bagels and muffins are bland. Out of all their meals I prefer their the dessert What more could I have asked for?!  Thank you Nibblers!!  I can't wait for our next event...and I used to dread this part of my job!!"  chaffing dishes.  The food has always been a hit with everyone at the office and they know when they see the Nibblers van pull up DELICIOUS food is on it's way."  I can't be more happy with Nibblers. They provide great food and have a great service staff. They are easy to work with and truly become part of your team  so maybe for 20 bucks a person you shouldn't expect much  the salads are mainly romaine or iceberg lettuce with almost nothing else. We've tried a lot of different items on the menu and they have all been ""meh."" And that's not just coming from me "they do all catering needs in this area...very professional and they are always on their ""A"" game...great set-up and presentation...good selection of food...reasonable and competative pricing" We will definitely be using them again." They deserve negative stars I heard that there is new owners and it shows from a terrific caterer to a terrible one I've used them for many charitable events it was always on point now I wouldn't recommend them to the dog pound I highly recommend them for your next event!!" "Their catering services are great! Always efficient and happy to help with any last minute orders or changes. Our company always uses Nibbler's Pretty average for a catering company. But customer service is ALWAYS great and that's why I continue to use them.  and Nibblers is always my #1 go-to catering company. I have used them with two companies straight now! Not only do they have an incredibly versatile menu - I have absolutely never ordered anything from here that wasn't delicious. To add to the value We had food catered  by the society  . The food was cold when I ate breakfast  . The eggs were overcooked  and dry .  The fruit seem old probably from the day before . The muffins were the nest part Cynthia is rude and disrespectful. She doesn't care about her customers. Cynthia will speak to you unlike no other.  Not sure if she is the owner or not but she needs a reality check. Every customer is important and should be treated with respect. They seem like a good company at first and then all goes out the window after that.  and the staff is always extremely helpful & courteous.  Today's St. Patrick's Day special was delicious!  Thanks "Nibblers catered an event my organization recently hosted and we were beyond happy with the customer service and food!  All of our guests raved about how delicious all of the food was and although we had just ordered platters for the event http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/events/articles/2010/09/23/20100923phoenix-le-bellezze-ditalia-car-show.html" ps- We're not Italian."  and Friday for fish fry or buffet from 5:30PM until 7:30PM. They close the kitchen at 8PM but the club stays open. You don't  have to be a member to eat here on these nights but only members can buy liquor at the bar." Gonna have to come again." I like this place so much I became a member. (the club is open to anyone though) I'm from back east and the interior reminds me of Lenny's Clam Bar in Queens. The people are warm and friendly and the crowd does tend to run on the older side. Love Wednesday pasta night. Food is always superb and singer Pietro Rainone (from Sorrento) is there every Wednesday through the end of March. Best deal in town. Full bar but you need to be a member to purchase alcohol. Highly recommend. rude women working there. Bickering among themselves. Absolutely NO customer service from the woman employed there at all  Robert at snack bar was helpful and Robert the bingo worker was fine but the older woman in the group on line was awful. This was my third experience and never again. I hoped I went on an off night but tried Friday night and Sunday afternoon- awful awful awful"  at the Mountain Preserve you can have your wedding cake and eat it too. The outdoor garden center is a true sight to behold both by day and at night. Flanked by sweeping mountain views and the spectacular city skyline your guests will feel as though they stepped into a whole new world dotted with flowers and fountains to set the perfect mood. Their extra large Bridal and Groom Suites comes prepped with a yummy Cheese / Fruit Platter and Champagne giving your guests plenty of room to primp   and to add to the class the urinals in the restroom have cup holders so you can bring that drink with you." "I was introduced to MPRC in lieu of my company's annual Christmas party. Location is tucked aside a mountain with a view of the city but not exactly in the best of surrounding neighborhoods. We were here during the day so we didn't get those twinkling night time views  but I wish the new owner luck!" 3/5/11: we met some other families here for our first visit. Separate play area for under 2 years made it a lot easier for me to relax & enjoy watching my son play on his own & with other little ones. We will be back. :) "My son's had a great time. The place is not too big where it would be hard to keep track of your kid(s) and it's not too small where you would feel like you are packed in there like sardines. Fortunately  and it sounds like the bouncy was probably a little more fun than the step 2 playhouse that is in there now." My daughter and I are both hoping they will have another princess tea party soon!!"  please let ur children explore on their own!  I c parents following their kids around !"  there was nothing in there but a broken plastic cash register. Everything looked worn and dingy and we left after about fifteen minutes."  but I like to think that I immediately correct the situation and make sure that my kids apologize and understand that this is unacceptable behavior. The parents that I have seen here My girls love this place.  They are 2.  Its the perfect age.  We just went to the Thursday Story Time and its one of the best I have been to in Phoenix.  The leader is amazing and its very interactive.  I would say its more music time than story.  And there is a great drive thru coffee shop in the parking lot which you can bring into Imagination Avenue with the kids.  pulling occurs so it doesn't esclate.  My boy WANTS me to come with him a lot of the time.  I love the fact that you can bring in your own food.  The food they have is pretty healthy too and rightly priced.  Agree with reviewer that more comfortable places aroiund for parents to sit would help.  I thought the smell was fine when I was there.  Staff was very friendly.  It is a nice place for young kids to play  but the prices were good and staff was nice.  I don't really understand why people are complaining when their kids ""get toys ripped out of their hands by other kids"".  That happens everywhere and shouldn't influence the review of the business!"  I liked everything else about the Imagination Avenue and I look forward to returning to play with my children. It is a great indoor option for the summer!" Its a great place for kids too explore and meet new friends.  you may actually have time to catch up with a friend  and had just what it takes to put a huge smile on my sons face!  We may even take up their yearly pass offer for Christmas or his birthday!" I think your younglings will have fun.  Toys are a bit old but usable.  Plenty of carts "I came here yesterday with my buddy K (17 months) and I must say it have definitely improved. I hadn't been here in maybe a year. Back then it was just ok and something/someplace to take kids when it got super hot. I believe there are new owner and the improvements are noticeable and appreciated. There is no longer a center ""cage"" for the under 2's Overall a great place to bring the kids to let them get creative and use up some energy." My little one loves it here. We enjoyed bringing our lunch in and playing afterwards. The rate has stayed consistant at 9$ and memberships or packages are still avaliable!" I cannot believe anyone regularly pays the exorbitant $9 admission fee "We just came here today for the first time & we already love this place!!!  The owner checked us in & he is very friendly & helpful.   Everything is clean & well taken care of.  We have been here since right after they opened at 9:30 am & my 4 yr old little girl is still playing & very happy!!  There are kids of all ages here & there is something to do for all of them!   Moms  I'm a big fan.  Your visit will likely be worth every cent of the $9 admission price you'll spend to play here... and if you really like it  Imagination Avenue was a GREAT visit. We can't wait to go back!" Went based on the great reviews and was a bit disappointed. The play area is small and dirty feeling. This maybe because most things are old including the benches for parent seating and the toys. The cashier was rude also. Was on the phone while taking payment. Won't go again.  too - you can't beat a family owned business for their kindness and customer service. Tim was so kind and welcoming each time we have seen him; and Aurora (one employee's daughter) was a joy to have there and my kids loved seeing her! I can't wait to see the cafe renovations! I would love to see more boy/larger size dress up clothes I brought my 2 and 4 yo nieces here and they were thrilled!! Every part of this kid town had lots of different things to spark their imaginations. We will be returning often! Love this place. The new owners have really made it so much nicer. We had my 3 yr olds birthday here and they were so accommodating and the made the entire event wonderful. My 3 and 4 yr old love coming here. The little rooms are adorable and the new jailhouse slide is a huge hit. I will say it could maybe use more lighting? Or something? It just seems a little under lit. But like I said  as we can pop in for an hour or two and not feel like we are paying for an entire day. The facility is really developmentally appropriate for little ones. I love that I can sit and chat with a friend while our kids play. Even when I go with just my kids  great music and environment for imaginative kids to have a blast. Our little one just turned 6 and we were visiting the area. We weren't sure if this place would be fun for kids older than say 4 or 5. She had sooo much fun! Reminded me of sweet days when I was in kindergarten. This is a great play experience:) So glad we went and at a great price!"  super clean very spacious. Very safe. My 3 year old loved it. Play areas are everywhere and all have a concept. Imagination does run wild for the little ones. My son had a blast and will surely return. Cost $9 for him to play all day. They have a little cafe for snacks and drinks also. Plenty other kids always here so plenty of kids to play with. Parents can sit back and relax and watch their kids play in a safe  crazy and nothing very interesting.  I washed my kids hands stat after being here.  I much prefer Playtime Oasis or The Children's Museum."  I love the little houses with all the themes as did my kids 6 & 2 years old. There was enough to keep them both entertained. They can't wait to go back!" Awesome place kids are tired from all the fun and grandma feel safe watching them have a blast. Second time here shop small local own. Try this place out the instead of a chain the owner is on site. Btw I had a fig and arugula salad pretty good. Also handicap accessible I brought my quadriplegic aunt with  me.  super awesome! We needed a place to let our toddler run around and this place was perfect. Lots of room for pretend and kids of many ages. Healthy snacks were available for sale as well. I wish there was something like this close to my house in Maryland. I found the atmosphere welcoming and would go back next time we were in town." "Love this place! My daughter has such a good time. I love that she can do just that and use her imagination. I wish they were open later at least on the weekend and I think the entry price while typical for this type of venue is pretty steep considering the kids are playing inside  but this birthday party was awesome and all of the kids had a blast. It's not the largest place ever so I'm curious how busy it gets normally. But it was absolutely perfect for the age group we had (2 - 4 years old) and they even have a baby area that's closed off. I would give this place 10 stars if I could. We will probably be back for another birthday party next year. They need more places like this in Phoenix." This is such a cool and fun place to take your kids to to wear them out or if killing time! My little girl is 3 years old and she loved it! She really likes the princess dress up house and we got there an hour before closing so we only got charged $5 :) lots to do to keep the little ones occupied! Great clean fun for little ones. Recommended by another mom and was glad we checked it out! "Never again. I must not have been in the same place as the people who gave it such good reviews. Good concept but doesn't deliver. Website makes it look big  but....there is NO supervision in that room.  They need to have a zero tolerance policy for bullying- and maybe require parents to be supervising their own kids (crazy concept!)- or have someone monitoring the main playroom?  We will continue to go to EC Street Playtown My 4 year old daughter loves coming here! She requests to come so often that I finally bought a membership. She always has so much fun playing in all of the different rooms. Definitely a good summer time activity! My daughter always has a blast here! And the owner is so nice and helpful. The toys seem clean and in one piece. You can bring your lunch or buy something there everything has been good so far! The only thing I would Change is to have a gate on each side of the kitchen. My daughter likes to wonder of and I'm not able to see her when she's on the other side. Recently they announced they are moving locations and we will certainly follow them wherever they end up."  the food and service could not be better and they are very affordable!! We would highly recommend them to everyone!" Had a great time at the BBQ.  This is a great club to belong to.  Lots of activities and friendly people .  There is a pool hall and swimming pool to enjoy . "Good Organization to join. Gotta love the NFL Sunday tickets 