w16jpVr-b-0gd6YHwnIarg Always leaving incredibly happy  here's your chance! (I hear there's karaoke at the Apple on Tuesdays...)" In the end I am very excited to enjoy my next haircut here in October. I've definitely found my new stylist and salon!!" 05l84gPaZX2IWaIaoAq3hg "Great salon!  The staff is always very friendly and welcoming. I've been here three times so far and have always left feeling beautiful!  Make an appointment with Karen  put a plan in place and now we have a routine that is perfect for me.  She gives great cuts and THINS my hair the way I like it!  She's nice and friendly but not overly talkative.  I enjoy all of the people at this salon.  They are young and hip and friendly and knowledgeable.  I would recommend it to anybody who is looking to for a positive experience." I don't think I'll be going anywhere else for a long time because of the positive experience I had." "I've been going here for over 7 years!! Best salon in Pittsburgh. Ask for Marissa. I promise you won't be disappointed. It's a clean "Book with Dessa. She fixed my ombre disaster that I had with an expensive downtown salon. She took her time with my hair and didn't rush me and I didn't stay for more than 3 hrs there. I love my new sombre (subtle ombre) look for the summer. She listened to my wants and told me what she was doing while prepping and placing the colors in my hair. My hair was a project  especially during wedding season! They have a fancy private room where we could all be together and enjoy breakfast while getting beautiful. They planned well and had everyone's hair and makeup done in the estimated timeframe. But the most important part is that everyone looked gorgeous and was very happy with their look. Between the bride  but now look like a 70s rock star.  No hair on the sides and long on the back!" 05l84gPaZX2IWaIaoAq3hg  uneven ends that stick out at all different lenghts. There are also bleed marks of color noticeable in the hair line. The worst of it is the damage caused by being over processed. I have severe breakage everywhere especially at the top. I now have a ton of hairs sticking up at the top of my head and my hair over all looks frizzy and fried. It continues to break. I went and showed Sergio the owner who laughed when he saw it saying it was new hair growth "Such a great place! I am new to the area and wasn't sure where to go to get a good hair cut and highlights. I have short hair and am not always able to find a hairdresser that understands how to give me a stylish (not boyish) haircut. I saw Dessa and she totally got it. She knew just how to give me the right cut and highlights combo that I absolutely love! Plus Purchased the groupon for color and cut. The stylist did a great job. Would definitely return and recommend.  I wasted time getting off work early to come to a salon that refused the service they scheduled me for. What a complete waste of time. If you don't do something make sure all your staff knows that. It's a shame to get this bad review because you dont have the confidance i your staff to do a proper hair cut" What an absolutely amazing experience today!  I discovered this gem through Groupon and I was truly blown away.  Everyone from the initial greeting to Brit C. stylist gave me the red carpet service.  Brit made amazing recommendations and I could not be happier!  Sergio's is in a league of its own. Karen cut my hair and she was great. Spent a lot of time going over the cut I wanted and making sure she understood what I was looking for. At one point I got a little nervous about the way it was turning out so she showed me how to style it. Perfect. Will definitely go back next time." Emily did an amazing job cutting my hair and really paying attention to details and teaching me about my hair. Even though I used a groupon I was treated like a fully paying customer and she even spent extra time blowing out my thick hair. I'll be going back for sure!!  and fun style while she's bringing my hair back to healthy from being damaged. In just two visits my hair looks and is so much healthier." "Sergio and the ladies get ALL THE STARS. I love this place and have been a loyal client for years. Sergio takes great care of my hair  and she was amazing! She really listened to how I wanted it fixed while giving her professional opinion and ended up fixing my roots to be the same color as the rest of the color  both when she got it cut and when she got it colored.  For some reason I continued to go the Supercuts to get my hair cut even though the price wasn't much difference.  I finally decided to give Bri a try at my wife's insistence and I'm glad I did.  Bri does a great job on my hair and I would recommend her if you're a guy in need of a great haircut.  I should have started going to her a long time ago.  Obviously my wife highly recommends her too."  and he has always gone the extra mile to make sure everything t is exactly the way i want it to be. There are two things that i really love about Sergio's Salon that i feel sets him apart from other high-end salons: 1.) You get a quality service without all of the holier than thou attitude. Nothing is more irritating than walking into a salon to find that you are being ignored by a 20 year-old botoxed Klingon who thinks she's a big deal. 2.) Sergio has integrity. He makes customer service a priority and really wants everyone to enjoy their experience. Make an appointment!" Loved the service at Sergio and style by Bri! She's the best! My cut and color are always perfect. I was looking for a new salon and I tried to book an appointment with Sergio. I was told I need to leave my credit card number with them or a cash deposit. NO WHERE EVER have I been asked to leave my payment information with a salon just to BOOK an appointment. They told me it was it was because I was booking with the owner. I've had appointments with salon owners and NEVER had to leave payment info. They told me that if I didn't show up for my appointment they would bill me 50% of the services. Why would you assume someone wouldn't show up to an appointment right off the bat??? I could understand if I was an existing unreliable client that you would require that. Some of us aren't from a ghetto and actually grew up with some tact and class and the ability to show up to an appointment and or reschedule if there is a conflict. Ridiculousness... I'll take my business elsewhere. I'm new to the area as of last August had tried a few salons and was not happy with my results . Had my first appointment today with Emily and am thrilled! She discussed with me what I was looking for and was so easy to talk to. I have short dark hair with blonde highlights and I couldn't be happier with results. Everyone at salon is friendly and professional. I have found my new salon ... And stylist! Thanks Emily! Sergio did a good job. I wanted blond and now I'm blond stuff is really friendly and helpful. I recommend  gave me honest feedback that they looked unlike any lashes I've ever had...and that it wasn't a good look.  That was supported by numerous other comments throughout the next day at work.  Within 24 hours Update 9/20/07 - I got another cut and color in August.  Color was wonderful as always.  Cut was atrocious.  It was kinda in the $8 super cuts range.  I hardly trusted them to give it another go.  If you did this once It is unfortunate that the other person who reviewed Salon Estique had a bad experience with the salon. I'd say definitely give them another try The inside of the salon is very nice and friendly but that's where my positive review stops.  While waiting I was given a tour of the salon which I thought was a bit odd.  It amounted to a sales pitch for their various services.  My stylist greeted me and immediately complemented me on my necklace.  Her assistant immediately complemented me on my boring skirt.  When I paid for my mediocre cut the girl complemented me on my ring.  I'm not against receiving a genuine complement but this was obviously forced and must have come from a How to Win Clients manual.  During my cut I was repeatedly told about their menu of services and products.  Before the cut I showed several pictures of what I wanted.  The end result is nothing like the pictures and is very dull and plain.  I could have saved myself $45 and gone to Super Cuts.  I would have requested a touch up but I was already there for over an hour and needed to get home.  Before the cut was finished I was asked by the stylist's assistant when I wanted to schedule my next appointment.  I know that I could go back for a re-cut but my faith in their ability is shot and for $55 I expect it to be good the first time.  and a great end result. My hair turned out beautiful and I got a few compliments that night. I plan to return in February for my next visit." My favorite part?  Every hair treatment comes with a fabulous scalp massage!  There's nothing quite like a scalp massage to take away the stresses of the day." I have a friend who had her brows butchered by someone so I was really apprehensive about going somewhere for that.  Ever since I found Liz I love my brows.  They're not too thin and they've got a great fullness and arch to them.  Liz is awesome!" "My daughter and I love Liz! She does a wonderful facial and wonderful massage during the facial. A few days after the facial  I enjoy my experience and end results each time at Salon Estique. I would recommend them to anyone who lives in this area. Ten minutes from my home is just an added perk!" I went to Salon Estique and had an amazing experience. From the moment I walked in the door I was treated like someone very important to them. Very professional and warm environment. My services were done beautifully. My hair is difficult to cut but they were top notch. They have a regular client in me. "I've been to Arturo at Salon Estique for gel nail polish a few times now. I absolutely love the gel polish as it is so durable and stays shiney for 2 to 3 weeks. Arturo makes my nails beautiful and is so detail oriented. He is also as quick as anybody can be with the gel polish system. Salon Estique is not the least expensive place that you can gel the gel polish but Arturo is worth the extra $$. Moreover  and well worded. Her facial massage is just wonderful. She takes care of any issues with my skin and suggests product that is appropriate but is not pushy. I would suggest her to anyone   and have found a stylist that I love that does my hair for $50 cheaper and she does it in a mere two hours." They always do everything right. That's all I need to say! The prices are comparable to any other upper end salon I've seen and the experience is worth every penny.  I wouldn't trust anyone else with my color." I am definitely looking forward to my next visit!"  and how well they treated me. And as for my hair? Let's just say I walked out feeling better than I have in years! I have really coarse straight Asian hair I highly recommend this place. I've never had a nicer experience. Whatever the owners are doing - it's working." If you're looking for a relaxing salon with a great staff of friendly  but they gave me 3 free cuts then refused to let me use them and fucked up my hair and refused to fix it! Their 100%guarantee is nottttt valid! I was a very loyal client for 2 years. Fuck this place"  and massages with the haircut since it was my first time. I loved the style and color I got and happily wore it out for my birthday. They also have some good coupons and discounts. It isn't cheap though  85% grey hair that I wear blond and highlighted.  Eva is a caring stylist and very good with color. After 6 months she changed the color to make a darker low light and gave me blond highlights which look quite good. Her haircuts are spot on. She takes the time to listen to your concerns and is eager to please.  I agree that assistants sometimes do the blow dry and/or shampoo. I'd rather have Eva do everything Message me if you have any questions-- as a 15 year customer (and I'm still in my 20s "I recently participated in a silent auction and bid on and got a certificate for services at Salon Estique.  The money went to a great charity This is a FULL SERVICE SALON that has it all together. Frequent buyer discount cards/good bag give aways with discounts on facials/treatments! They covered all their bases PLUS MORE and I will definitely be back!" "Love everything about this salon! Eva is incredible with color! She not only is very capable of explaining what will work and will not work but she understands what you want and then exceeds "The service is excellent. I show up every 5 weeks to see Desiree V to keep my color looking great and my hair cuts young but professional. The staff offers lemonade I would NOT recommend this salon unless you know the specific hair dresser. My hair was thrashed. The cut was crooked and the layers where a mess.  I have thick long hair and she texturized it when there was no need to do that.  I would stay away from this place  unless you know specific hairdresser.  I'm from out of town and just went in for a cut and it was a disaster. I probably got someone on a bad day based on all these other glowing reports.  they do a wonderful job. All the staff is fast & friendly and have great knowledge in the profession. I enjoy coming here and it is very easy to relax. They have an amazing beverage selection while you are there. They can be kind of steep on the prices Always a great turn out when I leave this place." I highly recommend Salon Estique."  what more could you ask for as a man in a salon?" I love this salon!  Eva Verdugo is an amazing stylist!  She always takes the time to discuss what you are thinking about your hair and give you input. The salon also creates a relaxing environment. You won't be disappointed. Book an appt with Eva! "I have been going to Faye for years! She is by far the most talented I came to this salon for years and was proud to support a woman owned and operated business. Then they hired a manager who truly was inept and also appeared to overbook the stylists. It was apparent that there was an agenda going on. This place has gone down hill. It is not the fun place it used to be not is the  customer service what it used to be I've been coming here for a year and I LOVE this place! Desiree is the best! I always leave happy and will definitely be back. "Hollis did a great job! She made sure my expectations were realistic and did a price breakdown before she got started. It was pretty pricey ( way more than I've ever spent on my hair- $149) for highlights and toner. The salon itself is very nice. They do complimentary wine and scalp massages! Overall "I loved my first experience with salon estique.i had Charlie and she is amazing.  I went in not knowing what I wanted  and Alicia does an unbelievable job. I'm extremely picky and I'm always happy with my hair. They offer refreshments and a scalp massage with your shampooing. The service has always been outstanding. The only reason I give 4 stars is because of the very high prices. Granted you will walk away happy I've been seeing Liz for years and will not let anyone else shape my brows or provide skincare services.  She is the best! I've been going to this salon for 9 years!  I love it and I love my stylist Katrina. I walk out with exactly what I asked for. They know how to do color really well and the cut techniques are up-to-date. All the stylists stay current with their training. Their esthetician service are equally great. Liz does my eyebrows and on occasion a facial. Excellent!  If you haven't been there and you are looking for a new place give Salon Estique a try! "I went in on Saturday for a complimentary first time make up.  I assume it is to get you hooked and come back. Not happening. I was greeted nicely and offered something to drink. The girls were nice but my make up sucked. The eyeshadows were poorly applied  professional and simply makes you feel good from the minute you enter the place. Highly recommended!!"  put me at ease and made the entire experience practically enjoyable! Lol will definitely go back to Serena and recommend her! Have ALREADY told many to give her a call!"  I told my stylist that I also needed to change my look to match the new style.  She referred me to Makeup artist /Aesthetician Sarina Pruitt.  Not only did I get exactly what I wanted but Sarina also showed me how to achieve the look in 15 minutes when I do it my self.  I wanted something natural so I could wear it everyday to work.  The eye shadow I normally frequent an old-style barber shop so Estique was a bit out of my norm.  My hair stylist Cyndra was very welcoming and did a superb job; better than my barber whom I've been seeing for 5+ years.  I definitely recommend this salon for men's cuts and highly recommend Cyndra for any work that needs to be done.  I will be booking her for my future visits.  this place is NOT a nail salon. If I had hair that could be cut and styled (I have dreads) I'd give them a try for hair services. I have $35 left on my gift card but I will let my son use it for a haircut. I won't be back for nail services. My feet hurt from the cracking and calluses  never again."  responsive and courteous staff.  Charlie did a great job on my haircut.  Faye does amazing facials.  They're also very charitable donating to nonprofits.  Prices are good and the salon is always clean." Oh the one downside is maybe the price-tag? But I believe with hair Never disappointed with the hair cuts my husband and I get. They are patient and give you what you want. QFgoJO1GSS2RadBsEop7yQ Adrienne put some bright back in my hair and it turned out great! Thank you! She was friendly and fast much appreciated! I will be coming back.  huge for me. Her personal style is cute too.  Salon is always clean and busy."  and damaged hair with many layers and left with beautiful long locks. I had bought Omgnb hair extensions from online shop. She layered them looks completely natural. I didn't lose any hair  If you want an amazing experience along with an amazing color and cut They have Wonderful customer service and the girls were all so sweet and very knowledgable."  to Brazils and is gentle with my skin and listens to exactly what I want.  I also love her facials. Liz has a great sense of style and knows how to beautify you in an instant. Not to mention she is adorable Melly and Aspy were abs uh lute ly amazing! They completely understood what I wanted for my hair color and were refreshingly personable and friendly. I've definitely found my go to place for cuts and color!  was she right! My hair not only looked amazing but felt amazing. It was soft and full of body- nothing like I expected after getting it bleached. I highly recommend Alicia and the salon! Trust me you will not leave disappointed!" I've only been going here for like...14 years! They are always sweet "I went here because I wanted to try a new salon and I'm glad I did. There was no wait time and the staff was very warm and friendly. I had a pedi and a full set All in all a great find. I think I've finally found my nail salon of choice in central phx. Thank goodness!" "First-time visitor despite living in the neighborhood forEVer. What a hidden gem! Walked right in I have been going here for over 4 years. I love it! Every one is friendly and they know what they are doing. Kim is a real professional. I would not change for the world.  next time you're there...I urge you to look at the floor by the pedicure chairs.  There is an enormous amount of toe-nail clippings.  Eew."  as one other post commented I looked over by the pedicure chairs and there were nail clippings everywhere! Not just where one lady got up and they didn't have time to clean or something  but it's clean and service was very friendly. We loved the foot and leg massages and never felt rushed. Very relaxing. Only $18 for a pedicure and $12 for mani."  but Yelp just told me I never finished it.  So here it is Yelpers.  I like it!" Very nice people and very well-done pedicure. Very reasonable! Will definitely be back! "Looking for a pedicure for the teenager and myself today and very glad I found Central Nails. Kelly did a great job on my well worn feet and the teenager's manicure and brows! Very pleasant people Would definitely come back here!" "Stopped in here to get a mani/pedi after reading great reviews. It smelled like fresh bleach when I walked in and the place was very clean! Everyone there was very friendly and welcoming and I had a great experience. My manicurist spent a lot of time making sure my nails were perfect as I explained I was getting them done for a wedding. Fair price "This is my worst experience I've ever had. I wouldn't give them even 1 star. there is only one guy speaks English enough to understand what you want. I came there to remove my gel manicure. The guy Thanks Central Nails!" I don't know why the reviews are so high except for these people must have never gone to a clean nail salon!"  this place definitely deserves way more than one star! VERY Clean facility! Will definitely be going back."  and they have Christmas lights up...I was in Heaven!" I walked in and everybody greeted me with a warm smile and helped me right away. Suzie was the one to do my nails and she gave me exactly what I asked for (this has never happened before lol) I had an over lay done and a pretty simple polish done with a design on my ring finger. It's perfect! She was really nice and happy to help me. I think I just found my regular nail spot. I highly recommend this place." I got a scalloped French and she couldn't have a steadier hand. Average pricing. $40 for a full set "Suzy did an awesome job! I went this saturday (3/1/2014) and got a gel manicure ($25) and gel polish on my toes ($15). She did an awesome job on both! I arrived at the store right when they opened and I was the only one for the whole time I was there. I will admit its a little tough to find since they only have a large ""NAILS"" sign and the ""Central Nails"" sign is in smaller writing on the window. I highly suggest Suzy for the conversation and the service! I will be returning :)" "I dropped in based on reviews since I didn't have time to get my fill and pedi in Tucson earlier this week. Nice ladies with quick but detailed fill and pedi. I will come back if I'm in town. Nothing fancy  be sure to ask for Henry! He did a bomb diggity job with my nails. And (!) he's almost as funny as Susie." Bummed I didn't score a customer card that I've read about on here. I'll have to grab one next time!"  provided quite a bit of entertainment and had the whole salon laughing and feeling at ease. Fair price and great customer service... I am glad I took a chance on Central Nails and will definitely return!" I was a walk in.  They took me right in which I deeply appreciated. I loved my manicure! I don't wear acrylics and the last time I got a french polish the polish chipped the same day.  Little did I know that gels are the solution! Beautiful work! No chipping and looked great for two weeks. My nails grew out and still the polish looked great.  Will return soon to get a manicure! With the 10% off for checking in on yelp it was decently priced. I will be back." "This place was okay. They valued my appointment which is good. I came early and they took me right away. I felt it was rushed and could have been better. At one point I asked to wash the filings off my hands and she told me I don't need to I gave them an extra star for being open when NOBODY ELSE in town was.  Thanks My new favorite place! My nails look gorgeous! The ladies are soooo sweet and funny too :) the prices are excellent! I got a special spa pedicure w/French tips and a full-set white tips with gel topcoat for $58 and Yelp discount...$70 including tip. WtTF0_KzCunQpRoojbF5ww  and they even guaranteed their work for two weeks. Taina should try speaking up during a service if it is not to her liking. Geez." I asked for the manager and there was no manager avail." This place was very friendly and clean. Henry was the gentleman who did my nails and did an awesome job!!! And he's very funny!! For sure will go back!!  easy to get an appointment and good customer service." "First time here-- 5 minutes after walking in my hands were soaking. It was quiet Three of us came in and were seated together for pedicures within ten minutes on a Friday night. Service was good and the ladies and gentleman were friendly!  The two ladies I was with got gel manicures which were also done well. S38mSDCC1RIdxp6XujMbBg  and she did!! She was aware I was short on time and did an amazing job. I would recommend coming here if you are short on time and need it done pronto."  and I am so glad I did.  My daughter and I was able to walk right in and we were taken care of right away.  The staff was very nice and attentive. My nails were done with precision Looking for a great spot for a gel manicure for the 4 years ive lived in the area ! After trying what feels like every place on Indian school I stumbled across this gem. Suzy and Diane could not have been any more accommodating . I got the BEST gel manicure and pedicure . They really took their time and I didn't feel rushed at all . I Cant wait to return and be pampered again ! Highly recommend it !  I had to find a new nail salon. I have natural nails and always get a gel manicure. I am super meticulous on my gel manicures. I don't like it to unevenly bleed onto my skin or bubble up. I like them perfect. Danny the only guy who works there is the only one I let do my nails. Suzy is great but I think Danny does gel best! He recently started at this salon a few months back so the guy the other reviewers are referring to is not him. I asked! ;)" "I originally came to this salon because it was well reviewed and just blocks from my house.  This will be my forever salon because of the friendliness of the staff and the AWESOME job Diane does!  I prefer almond-shaped nails and she gets it perfect every time.  They are accommodating and always fit me in.  Affordable  fun and professional." WtTF0_KzCunQpRoojbF5ww Suzie is awesome!! I've been going to her for 12 years and will never go anywhere else!! Nails always turn out amazing and the staff is so much fun!  reasonably priced. I moved to the area recently and am thrilled to have found this place!"  since I've moved in the area. I refuse to go anywhere else. Suzy & her team are THEE BEST!"  we walked back up front so I could pay. And guess what?! Their prices are great! I'll definitely be back!" The prices are the better end of most gel mani deals you can get around town so I recommend this spot for specifically this treatment!" "Suzie and Danny definitely do not disappoint! Their work is always 100% on point! My nails love you guys My gels lasted for more than 2 weeks- and the prices are unbeatable!" Service was good but my account was overcharged. I agreed to pay $21 on my receipt and was charged $27. Be sure to check bank statements after using a card. Such a great place.  Got one of the best gel manicures I have ever gotten! Will definitely be going back!! "We love this place! The techs are nice and Suzie is a burst of energy! She did both my mom's and my tattooed eyeliner We loved this place. Five of us showed up without an appointment for pedicures and they accommodated us cheerfully. Did a great job on our toes too! Good selections of polish and the nail art can't be beat. Great way to get out of the heat too. If I could give zero stars I would!! For one I came in explaining my expectations. I don't ask for much but a good paint job and if you can't do good design well tell me. I was told they were good by the lady that had the desk in front. Well that was a lie!! My pedi no design matches and some toes do not even have a full design and she comes by and say really nice. In my mind I want to so are you blind!!! My daughters nails look like my 6 year old did the design which I was charged $5 for and all she did was take gold paint and made one squiggly line which does not resemble a lightning bolt. I end up walking out with out my nails painted and they charged me $215 for the worst service ever!! Oh and to top it off didn't even respect the Yelp coupon of 10% off LOVE this place! Always great customer service and Suzie always does a great job on my nails! They have a great selection of colors to choose from (gel and regular nail polish). The luxury pedicure was really fantastic and a great price! I definitely recommend this place. The women were friendly and didn't skimp on service quality. Loved my event tuxedo nails! I very much enjoyed this place very nice and awesome people.  I usually never stray from my regular salon but I might just have to make this  my regular place from now on. I won't be coming back here. They told me that the reason my design looked so bad was because it was hard to do... I ended up ruining my nails because he didn't make sure they were dry. Within 3 DAYS 4/10 nails lifted & fell off. I'd go back for a refund but I don't want them working on my nails again. Ridiculous." Great job!  My feet are so refreshed and what great detail!!!!   My daughters fill-in was done with great detail!  Thanks Diane and Lee!!!!! "Stopped by for a gel mani and regular pedicure and they got me in for both right away. They were all kind and very attentive. They took their time making sure the gel was covering the whole nail but not on my skin...which is important for gel First time here and it was a great experience. Great customer service and clean environment not to say my nails came out amazing and it's very affordable. Will be returning for sure "So happy! My girlfriend and I came in to have a manicure. She had coffin gels and I had a gel manicure. My tech 12/20- yet again another flawless visit :)"  and a terrific pedi. Great with my six year-old daughter. I will be back." One of the best nail salons I've been to.  Susie did magic with my acrylic nails and I also received a fantastic pedicure from another Tech. The other three in my party also received great service from their Techs and my eight year old granddaughter was treated with so much respect. The attention to detail was fabulous. I would recommend this salon to everyone. Too bad I can't take it home with me. "Excellent service & great price point! Got a gel mani. Wintering in Phoenix & found Central Nails on Yelp. Friendly "Found this place on Yelp and had never been before.  I am very hesitant to try new nail places but I ended up liking it a lot! It was a very friendly and professional environment.  I went to have gel done and my friend got a pedicure.  The quality of the jobs were pretty good but not the best WtTF0_KzCunQpRoojbF5ww Had appointment for 3pm called was going to be late got here 8 minutes late had to wait and was real dirty filthy so I left. I left because of the filth. "They were able to do a gel manicure and spa pedicure on short notice/walk in basis. They were friendly but unfortunately the male nail tech cut so deeply into my cuticle that it bled for about 30 minutes while he was doing my nails. He tried to stop the bleeding with super glue (or something like it) but the bleeding started up again when he was applying my color. I thought he was going to throw the bottle of polish away after he finished with me (since my blood was now on the brush that he used to apply the color and now  and they look great. He got a bit close to the skin while doing the cuticle and cut my skin. It's a very clean shop Amazing service from an incredibly friendly staff! The place was very clean and put together with bright lighting. The mani/pedi was well done with sterile prepackaged instruments. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!  usually when family comes into town. So I don't know what to compare it with. Today I went by myself to Central Nails on Indian School Rd in Phoenix. Now THIS is how it's done! Great service. They are gentle too. Next time family comes to town "Yes. You read that right. 5 stars. This guy did my mani/pedi worked me good!!! Like he was all over them like he owned them! After the foot massage "Gel nails that chip after one day for $30? This is the worst manicure I've ever gotten. Even when it was freshly done it was lumpy  which is normal considering it was the weekend and everyone was getting manicure & pedicures. When I got called back the lady said a warm hello to me then pointed to her blue tooth to signal she was on a call. The entire time she waxed my eyebrows she was talking on the phone...I'm all for multi-tasking but when you have a client present that seems a bit rude. Also Recently moved to Phoenix and drove 15 mins out to central nails based off of reviews from Yelp and I left very pleased! Susie is great! Very welcoming. Highly recommend !!  and they turned out wonderful. Another thing I loved was that she checked each nail against the one on the opposite hand to make sure they were even length -- I can't count how many times I've gotten acrylics and had them crooked or different lengths on each hand. I will be coming here again; I've definitely found my favorite nail salon in Phoenix so far!" Do not go to this salon! They overcharged my card twice (changed the tip amount) and refused to refund the money. The gel manicure was peeling off the next day too. Don't waste your money and go somewhere else. Terrible costumer service. Had my nails done on Friday somewhere else that I've gone to for years but hated them - went to have them fixed this evening after class. I love the people at the new place and she did an awesome job! I'll definitely be going back to Central Nails  if I'm in the area again I will for sure be back!"  she was great and very helpful. She also made my friend and I feel comfortable. Even though she was very busy Suzie always does a great job.  Quality work that lasts!!  The whole shop is helpful and seems to constantly have repeat customers.  When you come expect great work and a fun atmosphere. They're honest and only do what you want or need done! "Called and asked if they had availability to do 2 pedicures together. She said there would just be a 15 minute wait. Got there within 5. ""Are you the girl who just called?"" ""Yes"" ""Great"" we waited the 15 minutes and then they sat us both. They started on my friend when they were almost done with her (35 min) later came to do mine. I passed. I don't have another 30 minutes and make my friend wait for me. Next time just say you can only do one so we wouldn't waste our time and could have enjoyed pedicures together." The only downfall of this place is the nail polish selection - it really isn't great.  I would recommend bringing your own.  I haven't checked out the gel selection - I think they have a lot more options." Suzie is wonderful and fast been going to her for years she is the best.  She always Gets creative and she is talented  love her They did a great job on my feet and hands! I will go back for sure! They were friendly and very easy going. Prices are better than most places! My daughter and I just had mani/pedis here and they were great. We got the basic package but were surprised at how much time they took and how thorough both services were. My daughter also got her eyebrows waxed. Love this place and will definitely go back. 