 before I had a magnified prescription that made everything BIGGER. My poor little blind self I have an astingamstism in both eyes. Two years ago I got good lens with nice frames but in 2012  I got shit lens with an okay frame.  I don't plan on returning to America's Best  We were so disgusted with our experience here. We called the corporate office (something I never do) afterward and told them that when are contacts arrive we will not go back to this location. The people at the corporate office were actually really nice and had them shipped to the North Hills location instead. When we went to pick out our contacts at North Hills the staff was very pleasant  Ohio for my glasses needs. But I've moved to Pittsburgh and needed some place economical . I booked my appt online the night before but showed up late.... I didn't know there was a marathon going on . I just wanted to get an exam so I could buy glasses online . The staff was nice and rescheduled me for the next slot. Everyone was nice including the doctor .  Although I didn't initially want glasses 2 pair for 100 bucks and a free eye exam is a great deal. Especially considering I usually spend 300 on glasses after insurance is said and done. My only complaint is the selection wasn't amazing but what so you expect for such cheap prices." From the previous reviews that I read I know exactly who people are talking about.  I rarely give a one or two stars. The customer service here is horrible.  I feel like everything I say is wrong.  I felt rushed when selecting my frames.  They changed me $10 more than what the price was marked on the frame.  When I pointed that out I got an attitude.  even for a defective product. I got a set of eyeglasses here which have reflections all across the field of vision. They're barely usable due to this. If I sit near a bright window  grabbed his foreceps and was done with it before I had a chance to throw up. I also go to AB for the aforementioned glasses and have always been welcomed with a huge smile by one of their friendly staff members as well as a quick and efficient appointment.  I can't say enough about this staff or this doctor.  Don't let the big chain name fool you - America's Best provides good service at a great price."  being an international student. I am writing this comment to save other people."  still unable to see she returned and was told to go back to her doctor to check her prescription. The doctor confirmed her prescription was accurate and the glasses were off.  When she asked for new lenses they refused  district manager whomever else I can contact within the organization about this. I will make sure I tell everyone I know to steer clear of Vision Works. These people were so lazy they wouldn't even adjust my glasses Don't go to any Visionworks! My wife and I were in the store and no one greeted or helped us after being there for 30 mins. There were 4 employees and 2 customers and one of them were eating chips at the counter. They are so rude don't waste your time here.  but with this experience and that of others I guess we probably wouldn't have been able to see anyway.  Seeing Red. I am done here." Anyhow I find BJ's to offer great value for the money with friendly employees & good prices for gas."  but they take coupons.  They have self-checkouts and take credit cards that Sam's doesn't take." "FREE 60-Day Membership - WARNING.  I got a coupon for a Free 60 day Membership from a Valpak mailing to my house.  My wife had me go there to claim the membership and get some Milk.  BJ's Customer Service informed me that I would have to buy a $40 dollar one year membership that I could get a refund up to one year.  They basically give you the first 60 days free 60 day trail membership! Free! I tried Bj's out and it is great! I still like Costco better. Bj's doesn't have a big produce section. It is nice that they let you use manufacturers coupons! Look forward to going back!" They have great prices and they have a nice selection of just about anything you want.  Checkout is a breeze and they send out a nice coupon booklet every so often for additional savings.  We saved $45.00 with our coupons at checkout today...Score!"  but the BJ's bakery makes the bagels just like NYC. I am totally hooked."  one of my favorite areas in Costco....  The selection in other areas such as clothing was NOT impressive.  Overall  Ft. Mill and south Charlotte area BJ's is convenient."  so far everything I have bought has been great! Good prices on wine also...kind of a mixed bag as to what you get - I noticed that it changed from week to week. So although its not as big as Costco..its well worth the investment. They also have self checkout which was great - because there was no line..I would say --give it another try if you haven't been there in a few years..I think they are changing their image!!" The gas is cheaper than others nearby but it's still more expensive than going to South Carolina." 3 stars for not having fresh-made (on-site) items like its competitors (this is not a deterrent for me) "Slowest deli department in town. They have no sense of time so you know they don't value you yours. If they are attempting to push you to buy pre-packaged this is a novel and effective way to do so  smelly and disheveled looking for me.  It is definitely Costco's distant Definitely looking forward to putting the membership to good use anytime we have BBQs  and other gatherings!" "I absolutely detest this company.  Joined with a free trial membership.  At time of joining was convinced to buy $40.00 membership for 16 months.  Was also told I get free $50.00 gift certificate at Restaurant.com. The very next day I get BJ email offering cheaper membership than I had paid. Also come to find I need to spend $100 to save $50 Frequently stop carrying items you've bought for years. :( Great $ on propane tank refill.  Lots of good coupons for other items. And they carried this Korean pork jerky that was soooooooo soooooooo good and then discontinued that too and I still look for it every time I go."  without being pushy or trying to force him into choosing something he didn't like because they are ""trendy"" (it's happened to us before!)  They were also running a special  but I sat there for 20 minutes while I waited for one of the rushed associates to have a free minute to retrieve them.  This was on a Wednesday afternoon  but the sale associate was rude and didn't care about what had happened. I will never shop at Lens Crafters ever again. What a horrible experience! I also came in many times before and the employees never helped me. They were just sitting down doing nothing. I honestly don't know how they are able to stay in business if they don't help customers or at least ask." We saw the same product in Carolina's mall in sears Optical's at a way lower price point. I am definitely disappointed." "I wouldn't even give them one star at this location!! Beware Dr. Jeffrey Musler and Associates optometry group PA!!! This was the worst service and experience I have ever received!!! The ladies at the reception desk are horrible!!!! I called to order contacts and they were utterly confused. Miscommunication across the board. The receptionist said ""maybe"" they'll go ahead and service me and they might call me back and hung up on me! I was simply trying to order contacts as the doctor told me it would be easy as calling in to do so. Terrible place and I would not recommend this facility to anyone."  but everyone has always been helpful.  I'm okay with the prices as well; I've gone to other places and the prices were actually comparable." "Don't know why it isn't rated higher. I was in and out of the mall with a new pair of glasses within 3 hours. I expected to be able to pick up the new glasses within a week  but to have to wait forever to been seen just adds to the frustration. So don't think that because you work uptown this place is convenient Final analysis: I choose this practice because of a referral from a family friend. The downtown location is not convenient for us and coupled with my experience and that of the other Yelp! reviewers  I think I have had enough with this place. (Hope this proves my point). I highly recommed you stay away from this place!" This is a great office!  I have been seeing Dr. Moore for years and would follow him for his great eyecare.  The staff is very knowledgeable about contacts and glasses.  I loved that they carried frames I would not see everyone else wearing in Charlotte.  The wait was not long and I know sometimes emergencies happen and get everyone behind.  This is a top office. Wonderful associates too!!" MWsY9PueZGWi0B0C7MQCkQ I love that they are right downstairs from where I work.  Ran down for an eye appointment today and was back in less than an hour.  Everyone is so friendly.  Dr. Moore is great. Service was outstanding and I hate that other reviewers did not receive the experience I did.  I look forward to my follow up appointment and know I will not choose another eye doctor again." I am new to Charlotte and was recommended to this office by a colleague. I was very satisfied with my first visit! Staff was extremely friendly and helpful and I was able to get in and out very quickly compared to other appointments I've had with other eye doctors. "Dr. Moore is an outstanding eye doctor. I've been seeing him for 5 years and have always had a great experience.  I love that he offers ""eye photos"" instead of typical dilation (takes a long time and is uncomfortable) Dr. Moore himself is upbeat and cracks jokes through out your appointment. It is easy to feel at ease there. The office is clean and bright I switched to the Dr Steven Moore & Associates practice because a friend recommended Dr Sara Beaver. I haven't regretted making the switch. My wait time is minimal and the staff is friendly and very helpful. But the best part is Dr Beaver. She is a breath of fresh air and very knowledgable. All my questions were answered and my appointment was not rushed. I like the lines they carry for eye glasses. Maddy is a big help in the optical department. I look forward to my annual eye appointment at the office of Dr. Steven C. Moore.  The staff are very courteous and knowledgeable.  The timeliness of my appointment is on target.  I enjoy the dialog with Dr. Moore.  He is very personable and knowledgeable with a no nonsense approach to his practice.  I have been a long time patient and plan to continue the annual tradition. I have recommended many friends to Dr. Moore and will continue to do so!" Highly recommend! I can't wait to get my glasses!"  but three strikes and your out."  and doctor were pleasant. I have an issue with credibility of the sales agents when completing a purchase.  I purchased a pair of Chanel eyeglasses and wanted a new pair. I was advised by Maria that they will come from Italy. The pair never was ordered. They sent the original glasses off to be filled. When it was addressed Great place to get your eye exam and for your eye glass needs.  I have been a patient of Dr. Moore for years and I appreciate his thoroughness with his exams.  The staff at the front desk is welcoming and always a pleasure to talk to. I loooove Dr. Moore.  He is so personable and knowledgeable.  The staff is always helpful and they are always upgrading to the newest technology.  I'd definitely go back. Maybe I will for those Armani frames." Will be going back next year." I was recently at this location and the staff there was friendly and courteous.  They helped me in all aspects of getting my glasses.  I was impressed with the knowledge and experience they have.  The nice lady who helped me named Suanne was willing to help me and concentrated on helping me fulfill my needs in finding the perfect frame.  I highly recommend this eye care place.  especially Dr. Sanders. She did my eye exam and it turned out that my prescription had not changed much at all. Dr. Sanders was very honest and told me that it was really up to me if I wanted to get new glasses because it was not really necessary.  I did not get new glasses this time  Dr Sanders was a really nice lady who knew what she was doing. The first set of lens gave me some irritation and i requested for a different pair of lens the next day and she attended to me immediately. Definitely a great experience and I would highly recommend this place."  I feel like I overpaid for these name brand glasses with lenses that are still too heavy and thick.  I've been wearing the glasses for 7 months now and they are uncomfortable and heavy on my face.  This experience has been so horrendous and I hate my glasses so much that I am seriously considering lasik surgery so that I never have to wear glasses again or have to deal with the hassle of getting cheated on a pair of glasses in the future." Quick service.  Friendly for the most part.  Doctor ( I think Johnson) is very knowledgeable and explains everything quite well. Dr. Sanders is excellent.  She was able to explain to me things about my eyes that I had been asking both optometrists and opthamologists without being able to get a clear answer.  She explained things to me in a way that I could understand and was patient in doing so.  I really appreciated that. "Dr. Sanders and her whole staff are prompt & go above and beyond.  It's not usual that a trip to the eye doctor is actually an enjoyable experience  especially if you are making Google Glass with prescription glasses!" The Crizal lenses that they sell craze so quickly and so easily and they were not willing to do anything about that issue that I have. I spent m It was such bad luck that I went to the location. I wish I never had known about the place." I got my first ever pair of contacts here and was able to get in same-day. The doctor was patient with me and made sure to get me the right pair that were comfortable for me. Would highly recommend - will be back for my next exam! :)"  but it was impossible to do so with plastic frames. She hardly adjusted them at all and said it was all she could do (she still charged me the $5 fee too). When I went home to Chicago  I'm extremely happy!"  and open to any questions.  Her office really has a good system down pat - I've always been seen on time and have never been left waiting in the exam room for more than a couple of minutes. All of my appointments have lasted around 30-40 minutes.  I really appreciate doctors who respect my time!"  I've been considering heading down to Champaign the next time I'm in the Chicago area just to have an eye exam from her. Things get done right the first time  which was the cause of my headache. I went to Illini Eye Care before but they did not test for that. The only issue is that I have to wait for ~ a week to get my new glass. So the best thing to do in my opinion is to get the exam here  and they have a terrific selection of glasses and contacts. They are great at helping to find a flattering and fashionable pair of glasses. You will have to wait for glasses (~1 week or more) "I love this place!  They have a good selection of frames incl. some very unique ones.  I especially like ""Linda"" who has fitted me several times and has an INCREDIBLE eye for what looks good on you xUgj_KF0-XRv_DBj96Yiaw  are expensive even with eyemed insurance. Sure eyemed insurance has a $20 co pay for lenses and $20 for frames and that sounds cheap. But when you include ""extras"" (which are necessary IMO) like anti-reflective coating and polycarbonate lenses the price goes up by A LOT. This wouldn't be so bad because I can shop around  I found frames that I really liked and I'm pretty picky. The optician and I talked about brands for a while and she told me she won't carry any with poor customer service or frequent issues. She told me this after I had chosen my frames and I had asked about another brand. It was a little more informal than I am used to at an eye doctor. All of the employees were wearing a uniform that consisted of a t-shirt with the office graphic on it and come of the instruments in the exam room actually had a layer of dust on them--dust! In a medical office! Still since most of the optometrist's tools are optics and were designed decades ago (for the most part) this really didn't bother me. Overall R7oNZOg09xgqLzbqzVQxvg But what I like best is just their professional atmosphere and care for their customers. All the workers really seem to know what they are talking about and are willing to spend as much time with you until your glasses are fitting correctly - even if they were not bought at Lenscrafter. =)" Their location is a bit elusive - you have to get in from outside the mall between Bergner's and the food court."  because they do have capable employees and their manufacturer is probably more to blame for the missing glasses.  My biggest complaint is that this location obviously lacks sufficient staff to man the floor and adequately serve the number of people that come in."  just don't come there because they don't like adjusting glasses that are not bought from there." They CAN be busy at times. Do yourself a favor and go in the evening on a weekday."  I called back & spoke to another girl who told me that Heather had already left for the day (imagine that!) & that she was with a customer & would call me back in 10 minutes. 20 minutes later I got a call from a guy who apologized & said that my glasses have been in for more than a few days & someone must've forgot to call me. Unbelievable. So  I was told by another associate that I also needed the after surgery cards that confirmed my surgery dates. I had not been told that I needed these cards on my first visit so I thought I would have to make a third trip to get my glasses. Zach stepped in to help and called my ophthamologist to get the dates over the phone. He works in the lab but he was working in the front office because they were short staffed. He literally saved the day for me. I would suggest to anyone who has a problem with getting their new glasses to ask for him if he is available. He is professional After I left extremely frustrated I took my script to all about eyes and they immediately sent my frames out to their lab and installed new lenses in a week! All for a fraction of the price." "I have gone to Lense Crafters several times. I have always been happy with their service until recently. My son is playing sports in the fall and will need contacts. I scheduled an appointment So if the lenses color does not bother you then this is the place to purchase your lenses and if you want them to be a certain hue then I say to go somewhere else and pay the extra bucks." These guys are awesome.  I went in there with a broken pair of glasses that I bought somewhere else. I asked him how much to repair and he said let me take a look.  He brought them out about 15 minutes later and handed them to me completely fixed. I asked him how much and he said have a good day. Amazing. I will definitely be back for my next pair. Their customer service was phenomenal. Go check them out."  and was unable to wear them. Michelle swapped them out for a great fitting pair "I've been getting my glasses for over 6 years from here and it's such a nice change from big chains. The staff really care about their customers being happy with their choices and they go out of their way to make sure they are satisfied! Patient and helpful  have been using this place for 6 years and I think it is way better than the cookie cutter opticians. They make sure I understand my options and help me with choices. I love this place."  give Central Phoenix Eye Care a call... it's painless and as pleasant as it can be to go to the doctor!"  but I don't...and they broke twice and the Central Phoenix folks found new stems and replaced them immediately - at no charge.  They were super warm I have NO IDEA how this was all supposed to go down but it was seamless. Great attentive service. Nothing to complain about."  and friendly. I will probably go back to Central Phoenix Eye Care because the time I spent with the doctor was definitely what I was hoping for when I chose this office. I sure wish those grumpy opticians would just buck up! It would make everyone's experience much more enjoyable!" I highly recommend Dr Frank." gztTQsgq6FJwIoV4P4RNIw  and I didn't have a wait at all!  They also have a decent variety of frames to choose from.  If you're in need of an eye doctor  well organized staff went out of their way to schedule me for an early morning appointment and then asked the lab to rush the glasses."  down to earth and very knowledgable. The office staff are super sweet and very helpful. The Optical staff are very helpful when ordering glasses Last year when my mother visited us she was having some problems with the pressure in her eye.  She's diabetic as well and she suffers from eye damage as a result.  Dr Thompson made time to see her and check the pressure in her eyes to confirm that the medicine she was using was working properly and that the pressure was returning to a normal level.  She went out of her way to provide my mom with extra care and I really appreciate that"  and found this place.  I made an appointment and was seen within a few days.  Dr. Thompson and her staff gave me the most thorough vision exam I've ever had in my life!  She actually recommended some brand new contacts because she said my old ones didn't fit me that well (I had no idea).  Wow After going in and experiencing a very friendly staff and a knowledgeable doc with good ""bedside manner"" who addressed my concerns and questions I knew I lucked out in picking the right place to go. Dr. Thompson and her staff definitely go out of their way to help you with anything you need. I would refer CPEC to anyone." "Superior customer service. Dr. Thompson did a great Job The staff is very friendly... All this examination plus the glasses cost only a little over $100 with insurance.  I thought that was pretty good!   I definitely would recommend this practice to anyone!" Thanks for a great experience and excellent customer service - I'll be back even though you're not in my network!" I'm disappointed to have to report that Dr Thompson left the practice.  The staff has always been professional and courteous so I'm sure this will continue to be an excellent practice. They could use better signage out by the road in front of their building. They're in a taller building on Seventh Street I found this office through Yelp and am so happy with the whole experience.  Thanks all around! "This was my first visit to Central Phoenix Eye Care since moving to Phoenix - and I'm glad I found them.  The office staff are very friendly and helpful.  I had an appointment with Dr. Stephanie Mastores - I didn't have to wait later than my appointment time  it's the best eye exam I've ever had! I was seen immediately and did not have to wait. This is a huge plus in my book. I am very happy I have found a competent eye provider. I always use Yelp to find my doctors  now.  No kidding!  Perhaps upwards of 30 years or more.  I have received excellent care and personal attention all through these years from 3 of the doctors that I have seen there.  Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for most of this time.  Due to his ever burgeoning workload  They get my highest praise and recommendation!!" "Back to wearing glasses after 11 years and all I have to say is ""Thank You"" to Central Phoenix Eye Care. You made the experience the best possible. And Dr. Stephanie Mastores is incredible. I can see clearly now and am looking fashionable as well. This is the only optometrist I will ever recommend. Thanks again and Go Buckeyes!!" I have been going to Dr. Kantor for years and have always gotten extraordinary eye care at his office.  He and the staff are simply wonderful !!!  This practice is the only one I will recommend to my friends.  which I am at risk for.  I feel very secure that my eyes are in great hands.  They also have an extensive selection of frames and are ready and willing to help with choosing that perfect pair.  Thanks Central Phoenix Eye Care for years of great service!" "Another fantastic visit and eye exams with Dr. Kantor for my son and I - none better than him (don't let him know I said that). I've been a patient of his since he took over this practice. I started with them in 1970 when it was Dr. Cartledge "The best eye doctor facility I've ever been to.  They were so thorough I was astonished.  Staff is pleasant and knowledgeable.  They take Federal spending account cards.  They utilized computer imaging to look into my eyes which was just amazing to look at while he explained the health of my eyes.  When asking about eye surgery because I'm slightly vain  but even better was knowing that I received a high level of care! I definitely recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care!"  i.e. a new prescription.  Central Phoenix Eye Care is well staffed with competent professionals many of whom I've known for many years.  Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for nearly 30 years and I can attest to his competence  I converted him over soon after we started dating. It was so easy...the service and the one stop shopping.  Just stop in and say Hello and you won't want to leave." They seemed to be very detailed and organized and  after going through a horrible situation at another optimologist (3 tries and could still not get glasses right!!!) I came to Central Phoenix Eye Care through Yelp. My appointment was within a couple of days which was great because I was desperate. The tech and Dr Mastores were informative and thorough which I grealty appreciate. My glasses eneded up being costly but they are wonderful. The eyeglass guy was full of information helping me to make the right choices. Great place~I am here to stay!" I plan on setting appointments for my husband and son next week. Our family is all-in." "The doctors are great.   The staff is ALWAYS helpful and I've been extremely satisifed with the selection of frames and lens options.    I used to work right down the street from their office  I recently developed an allergy to my contact lens solution. Dr. Mastores diagnosed me accurately and then prescribed a course of treatment (corticosteroid drops  I've now switched over to Dr Mastores and she is equally as wonderful!  I love the staff here and their selection is great.  When my insurance switched and I had to try a new office And I got some adorable glasses - that arrived at the office earlier than anticipated." "I really like Central Phoenix Eye Care. They have a clean office with new equipment; they're front office staff is super friendly and helpful (I brought my workday lunch into the appointment because it would get so hot sitting in my car  and I get in and out within 45 minutes. They're great with scheduling and the office staff is very nice and personable." Great staff!  On time service!!  Dr Frank answered all of my questions.  I would refer them to anyone. I went there because of the YELP reviews and I had to YELP myself.  They are THE eye-care center I would recommend above all." "Went here for a much needed and long over due eye exam. I felt like Dr Mastores and her staff did a very thorough exam and were not rushed. She took the time to answer all of my questions and there was no attempt to ""up sell"" me on any additional services or even glasses for that matter. The office staff is friendly Highly recommend to anyone in need of glasses and wants to support our local businesses.  Thanks guys!!!" Excellent staff and care.  Highly recommended.  knowledgeable and thorough. I had my toddler child along for his first appointment and they were awesome with him. They were patient and let him play with all sorts of their devices to keep him happy. Everything was explained to me in detail regarding both my own vision and my child's. Their frames selection was fantastic for anyone  I tried a ton of different colors and I never felt rushed or like he was trying to get rid of me.  In fact he was suggesting more for me to try!  At the end of the appointment when I went to check out I was a bit taken aback by the total  saved me money by informing me that my sons glasses where still had a another year warranty on them. Great Place to go to."  in Goodyear and it is well worth the excellent service!"  extremely thorough and do a great job. I travel from Gilbert and they are well worth it!"  as well. I would recommend this practice to anyone living in Phoenix who needs a reliable "Took my son here because of my past experience with Dr Mastores for a comprehensive eye exam after he broke his glasses while playing basketball. Wouldn't change a thing in my last review. Staff was friendly  acted just as professional as any other eyecare facility I've ever been to (and I've been wearing contacts since 1975)... charged me $95... and I can buy my contacts online at half price now.  FWIW "I was so sad to leave my eye doc when we moved from Idaho. I never thought if find a place as wonderful as I had at home. Let me tell you They were very patient and great to work with "Great staff and very knowledgeable doctors. They took care of me even when I was being difficult with trying to figure out what prescription strength works best for me. Their prices aren't the cheapest  but also the quality of their staff and customer service! This is a wonderful office and I highly recommend them!" Wonderful experience! All the staff is beyond helpful and great to work with from start to finish.  They're very thorough and knowledgeable.  by far. They even take a picture of the inside of your eyeball and show it to you on a computer screen. It's pretty cool if you're into human anatomy." Dr. Steven Kantor is a great Dr and person. Our family has known him for over 30 years but we now live far away. If your in need of a great man to help with your eyes go to him today. "I have been going to see Dr. Kantor for maybe 15 years or so.  He is great! A couple of times I have had issues with my eyes or my contacts and he is great about doing whatever it takes to make things better.  Very "I have limited central vision due to the eye disease retinitis pigmentosa.  As such going to the eye doctor is always a bit challenging for me LOVE going to the eye doctor now!  They can get me in and out in no time.  Extremely friendly staff! Best optician clinic in town hands down! I decided to try this place out through yelp because of their ratings and I had a very awesome experience. The staff here are VERY fast and friendly. Came here for an eye exam and it was appealing. I would recommend this place to anyone! "The front desk people are so amazing every time I go in. They're always upfront with what will cost extra and not pushy to sell extra examinations on you. Dr. Uselman is so laid back and honest in trying to help me see the best I can (another eye doctor I went to in AZ was awful and just wanted me in and out). I'm from a small town and have had the same eye doctor since I was little. After 3 years of searching  then called around and found an optometrist nearby willing to give me a sample pack at no charge. Many thanks to her for going out of her way to make sure I was taken care of in a stressful situation. This place has an amazing staff!" Our insurance changed... So that meant we had to look for new doctors. I was happy at the place we were at and felt a bit anxious looking for a new place. I found Central Phoenix Eye Care thru our vision insurance website and then the reviews on Yelp. I have no regrets! This place is awesome! Everyone is so helpful and friendly! Dr. Mastores is amazing and is very patient. I have never had such a thorough examination. I guess I never knew what I was missing. If you are like me and unsure about a new place for your eyes... Look no further! This place is it. Very friendly staff.  Dr Usleman was extremely courteous and excellent bedside manners.  Great selection of glasses that are quick to have filled.  NO WAIT!. Dr Usleman was great. He explained everything in terms that I understood and at no point did I ever feel rushed.  Overall the staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I was very impressed. I have found a new eye doctor. A great experience!!!!!!!" DrHei8dBcbGNNyhP5qjBYQ  and truly care about making the patient happy.  I have gotten 3 pairs of glasses here and always have a great time picking them out with the staff.  Matt is especially great and entertains my annoying ways of picking out glasses... It takes me forever!! I love how all the staff gives their honest opinions on what looks best on me.  I will come here time and time again and will refer everyone I know to Central Phoenix Eye Care.  In a day where excellent customer service has been taking a back seat "I found this place on Yelp and saw the great reviews.  Needless to say I expected a lot.  And everyone of my expectations were met over and above.  What a great staff and Doctors.  I can't say enough about this group; their attitudes I brought my daughter in for an eye exam. Dr Kantor was very thorough and the office staff were all very friendly.  I ended up making an appointment for myself.  I saw Dr Frank. He took the time to help me understand the exam and what was going on with my vision. He was also very thorough. I had a lot of questions and he patiently spent his time explaining all the answers.  Then when it was time to pick out glasses I received even better service.  Matt was able to help me find the right frame for my face. I have a hard time deciding what looks good. I am confident that he helped me make the right choice. They treat you like a member of the Family great friendly staff  I turned to Yelp.  Central Phoenix Eye Care had received several 5 star ratings and much positive feedback from prior patients.  I was treated with the utmost professionalism and care by all of the staff in which I interacted - very friendly and welcoming environment.  I am happy to say I have found my new eye doctor." "I remember walking out of my eye exam thinking 'Wow I had a lovely visit!'. How crazy is that thought coming after an optometrist appointment?! Dr. Mastores was so friendly and informative (and bonus  it just seems the guys running the glass frame ands contact ordering portion of the business are quite lacking in their customer service and follow through." This is the best eye care anywhere. Whether you go for a check up or an emergency they are  highly competent. My whole family goes here  with wonderful results.  the office was quiet. Dr. Steven Kantor was very friendly and clearly answered any questions I had. I highly recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care." "I never thought I would actually enjoy a Dr's visit.  Dr. Mastores is wonderful.  Enthusiastic and caring. The staff is all great "I have been a patient of Central Phoenix Eye Care for more than 45 years and have always been satisfied with the level of care that I have received.  All of the optometrists affiliated with this facility that I have been examined by have been extremely professional in their field of expertise.  Recently  friendly Dr and staff.  They also have a eyeglass/ frames in house which is nice touch. Both my husband and I will continue our eye care with Dr Matores @the phx eye center." Dr. Mastores recommended new contact lenses that were less expensive and more comfortable than any I have used in the past.  I was very pleased!  with a great selection of kid and adult glasses. Dr. Usleman and Dr. Mastores are both enthusiastic and love what they do which carries over into the atmosphere in the office. They explained to us what was covered and what wasn't regarding our insurance and we didn't feel any pressure in having to purchase our eye glasses there Overall this place is great!"  but she was repeatedly apologizing yet didn't give us an estimate on time...there is really nothing to do around the complex....and had I known we would have waited over 90 minutes just to see the dr. I would have taken her to lunch or on a walk. Just disappointing that the communication isn't better when the Dr. is backed up." "I've been seeing Dr. Mastores  2 - 3 years and I am completely satisfied. I went to a few different eye doctors around the valley before I settled on her. She is friendly  need or are curious about. Now that is not something you will find everywhere!"  ROCK! This is definately my new eye care facility.  I highly recommend this office for any eye care needs." I've been going here for a number of years and have always very satisfied with the experience.  The staff and technicians are always friendly and professional and very good at their jobs. Dr. Mastores always takes the time to explain changes in my eyesight and answers any question that I have.  he made me feel comfortable knowing that fact. Really takes the time to help me understand and doesn't act like he's trying to run off to the next room." My first experience here. Was so busy. But the doctor was great and staff was friendly. Took me as a last minute client. Will be back.  efficient and take care of all insurance queries quickly. The back office staff are pleasantly conversant while taking care of all their duties in a way that is quick but thorough and Dr. Mastores who I saw is just an absolute peach. She is personable I saw Dr. Frank.  He is extremely knowledgeable...and friendly as well.  Staff is great! Everyone is very friendly and efficient.  I would recommend them highly.  caring doctors. Dr. Frank goes beyond thorough. Very impressed!" Dr. Mastores is wonderful. Highly recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care. A DAY LATE AND A DOLLAR SHORT."  the staff is very friendly and smart. I got right in for my exam and the tech quickly took me through all the various tests and was very friendly. I only waited about five minutes for the doctor to come complete my exam. Dr. Stephanie was very friendly and knowledgeable and very compassionate which I appreciate very much. This is a great Eye care facility and I will definitely come back and recommend to friends."  I didn't realize I would receive those forms online and downloaded the PDFs from their site to print and fill out. I also think there should be an option to book on the site (I didn't see anywhere) and download to your calendar. Those are minor things though!"  I see Dr Stephanie and she's great."  caring and understanding eye doctor I have ever been too!!! The staff was awesome and Dr Usleman was very compassionate to my eye issues and explained everything that was going on and how to fix it!!!" gztTQsgq6FJwIoV4P4RNIw Fantastic Doctors and Staff. I would not hesitate to recommend this office anyone. Dr. Stephanie M. Mastores is the best!  I decided on Central Phoenix based on the yelp reviews and I was so happy I did.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable I've used two different insurance plans at this facility Heather greeted me and took me back to a very clean and well laid out office and for some background on me. She was very helpful and personable and made me feel totally at ease. Dr. Usleman was VERY knowledgeable and informative and explained in great detail the differences between different contacts and why some were recommended over others. He listened to MY concerns and what I wanted the contacts for and made two great recommendations for me. I was shown how to put them in and take them out by another very sweet girl (I think her name was Amy) and left with TWO different trial contact options. I will try them out for a week or so and then go back for a follow up to decide which I want to go with. All in all a great experience !! I have already referred a friend !!" Over the years I have worked with many excellent eye care professionals but I have never worked with any whom I would recommend over Dr. Mastores and Central Phoenix Eye Care."  and they have really great frames! I always enjoy getting fitted for frames by Corina who is a lovely person. She gives great advice that you can trust if you are choosing between a few pairs. I always recommend Optical Expressions to my friends. Their frames and selection are great I couldn't be happier with this place. It's easy for a Dr in this field to make their money off people "These guys are beyond awesome. I was in Scottsdale/Phoenix from Mpls for the Rock and Roll 1/2. I ripped my contact and had no spare lenses. Upon contacting Optical Expressions they said to just fax my scrip and theyd help. Help they did and at NO COST. Plus they validated my parking. Service like this is sometimes lost in the 21 century They had a very nice selection of designer frames and even current season sunglasses. They told me they do the individual buying for the office- they know what fits faces well." I for one will not be a patron of a place that keeps so much hidden from their customers ever again.  Even if you have money to throw away The staff was friendly and accommodating. They got me in for an eye injury within the hour despite my not being a current patient. Dr. Wilken was knowledgable and helpful. Would definitely recommend to others! It's totally unfortunate Dr Wilken and Dr Ryan are awesome but their receptionists could use a little support in customer service and training." I believe that I got a good exam from the Dr.  I believe that he can charge whatever he wants for his services. This bad experience could have been avoided if these two women were not so busy fleecing me. Or at least TRYING to."  then a dude showed up. I waited almost 1/2 hr before being seen and i was first! The dude that got there after me got right in and out! I didn't like that. Aside from that the lady doc was great and they have a candy bowl:)"  which was scheduled for 9:30 am. How do you get that behind after being open for half an hour? Don't come here unless you have plenty of time and a good book!"  my sister asked if they carried Prada and another woman sitting at the desk waved her hand at us as if she was shooing us away from the counter and said we have whatever is out. I asked if she could order a particular style as we had a style number with us and she said in a very annoyed tone ""I'm busy and I'll let you know when I'm free"". Did I mention we were the only customers in the store? We were both shocked at her tone and lack of care/customer service and decided to take our business elsewhere. I wouldn't recommend this business." "I used to go to Optical Expressions in Scottsdale but this location is more conveniently located for me. I am giving a 5 star mostly because of Tracy. She works in the front and helps you pick your lenses or contacts The less expensive ones that worked the First Time were not designer.  But They Worked The First Time.  I will not be doing business with this company again with the exception of having them spend another few months to repair their latest mistake.  Over priced  then go here.  I prefer the optical shop aspen at Scottsdale Fashion Square because of the helpful team there alone.   More so SLn9eFs53XsMufuVAKWyaA  they had offered to do a complementary adjustment on my Oakleys.  So I took them up on it sense I was planning to go to the driving range anyways.  While I was there I decided to pick up a pair of Oliver Peoples for my wife.  As I was checking out the Gentleman through in a box of golf balls that  he would replace them. Joyce took care of shipping them back to me. She called to let me know the status and left me a sweet note in the box. I was without my sunglasses for just a week. John and Joyce really went above and beyond in this situation." The associates are always helpful and I have never felt that they were pushing a different brand on me just to make more commission.  Love this place!" I am so stoked about Alex Optical that I'm telling everyone in the surrounding area! No *charlie brown sighs*..."  from purchase to repair I trust Alex Optical.  Located conveniently at Thomas and 44th street in Phoenix.  I""m surprised to see only one review  so my rave review applies only to this wonderful location on Thomas. The prices are GREAT. I can usually get two pairs of glasses filled for about a hundred bucks."  but the selection is dated and not attractive." "I broke my glasses and had already been to a place recommended by COSTCO.  I felt I needed a second opinion because I did not see what the other place had seen.  I checked reviews and decided on Alex Optical and sure glad I did.  I would definitely recommend this place.  When I need new glasses in a few months I visited Alex Optical today and had a great experience.  The exam was quick and professional.  Everyone was super nice and helpful.  The woman who helped me pick out glasses was patient and did not rush me.  Their prices were great and I love the glasses I picked out.  definitely...when I need another eye exam."  he wanted to make sure I knew how the lenses would look when completed.  He asked if I could come in and let him look at my current Rx.  I went to the Thomas location and met with him and Jessie.  They both worked with me to insure that when the lenses were made and put into the frame that I would have a look I was proud of.  So many places us the one size fits all approach. But ALEX Optical took the time and made the effort to see that I would be a satisfied customer.  It is hard to find this kind of customer service.  I highly recommend them."  I brought my glasses in to repair the spring in the arm and was referred to another store. I noticed the sign that says eye exams for $49 with dialation. I'll take advantage of that on my next visit." But I did a week later. This time I could see with both my eyes  much of the stock seemed old and pricing was higher than expected. My prior glasses had lasted for six years. The ones purchased here were just over one year old when the left hinge became loose. Took them in to have the hinge repaired. A guy took them to the back and a different guy came out with the left temple completely separated from the glasses. He said they did not guarantee glasses for more than a year and no longer had the frames. To his credit he did find frames that the existing lenses could go into  I felt that we were partnering to find what I was paying them for Clear sight!!! My glasses were made within an hour. Reasonably priced for someone who had to pay out of pocket.  I will return!" Very shady people and hard to deal with. DO NOT go in there Affordable prices and great customer service.  I have had several eyeglasses made at Christown location with no problems. My girlfriend recently had an exam and eyeglasses made at Thomas location and is so happy she will never go to Walmart for eyeglasses again I am going back for my 7 day checkup for the new contacts and pick up my frames.  Will check back in." "The two stars are for the young lady that helped us purchase the glasses. The doctor barely said 5 words to me  I couldn't see very clearly. I've been wearing contacts for years. Discovered that on top of all the waiting the doctor and staff are incompetent because they incorrectly ordered my contacts for me and changed my -2.75 prescription to a +2.75.  Do not go here! They suck! This is for the location at 4280 E Indian School." Good job Nationwide!  Holly" The Worst Customer Service Experience in a long time.  Long wait times while giving off lots of attitude while you wait.  Amazed at the consistency of the poor attitude of every single employee in the place.  Do yourself a favor and stay away!  when I was here long before them and I had an appointment FIRST or reschedule and come back another day. This is ridiculous.  Unacceptable.  Thank you for wasting 2 hours of my Saturday." Never again!!!!  The worst customer service and communication I've ever experienced. They should all be fired and start fresh or I can guarantee this location will be gone in less than a year. HORRIBLE!! "The doctor was great and one lady was hospitable but the rest of the staff seemed completely incompetent.  They couldn't seem to give me a proper quote on how much an eye exam would cost.  A week after my exam they still didn't have my trial contacts and weren't willing to call other locations to see if I could pick up a pair at another Nationwide.  I won't be returning Very friendly staff! Got me in and out fairly quickly for my eye exam. The doctor was completely knowledgable and answered every question I had. Left with several free pairs of contacts. Thank you!!! I Ps. Did I mention his current ones are also broken?? He's been wearing taped glasses for months How much could it be to reset a screw you might ask? Would you believe $20.00!  I prefer to select who I let screw me  but the quality of work is great. the frame doctor will fix your glasses even when you've lost all hope!" I work in the industry; needed to get nose pad replacements for expensive wire frames I wear everyday; they charged me 24 dollars with tax;  I could get them for free at most optical shops;  enough said.  I had already put in a temporary screw and did not see what he saw.  He wanted $38.00 to fix them.  I decided to get a second opinion and went around the corner to an optical shop and he said I only needed a screw and fixed them for nothing." Stepped on my glasses and needed a solution other than buying new glasses so I searched and this place came up. It's not to far from my house to I thought I'd give it a try despite the negative reviews on yelp. I called around 7:30 am and the guy on the phone was super pleasant and told me that they didn't open until 9 but I could come by right away. I got to the shop and James the owner found arms that matched my frames the best (there was no other way to fix them) and within 20 mins my glasses were put back together and ready:) it cost me 38$ but that is a lot cheaper than 100+ dollars and waiting a week for new glasses to come in. he is a new owner of the business and is super friendly! I highly recommend going to James to see if he can fix your glasses w/o having to buy new ones. I was experiencing the amazing donuts at close by BoSa Donuts when a nose pad fell off my $20 dollar sunglasses. I yelped ""Glasses repair"" and saw this place pretty close by. I decided to stop by (Note: Very easy to miss if you don't turn on GPS). I went in and the person  inside was very attentive and fixed my sunglasses in less than two rounds of ""Temple Run 2""."  but they would most likely bend out of shape slowly again and would cause discoloration over time (they have a really unique tortoise type coloring in the plastic and I would hate to distort it).  He came up with a better solution that only cost $12 The arm on my glasses had to be welded to the glasses so there is no longer a spring and the arm always flops down. I don't like that   the temple on the other pair was broke and the only other Eyeglass repair shop wanted almost 50 bucks to fix they had to do both sides. I went to Frame dr and they replaced the temples for 1/2 that and replaced the nose rests for nothing as a courtesy gUt1OMval0UORqUCZomPjA gUt1OMval0UORqUCZomPjA Fast and courteous service. Fast as in one hour.  The big draw is convienance but the con is price. I love my frames but they were 80 bucks. It costs me 50 to replace One broken spring hinge.  A week later the other spring broke and he will charge me 50 again. I asked him to replace both usally when one breaks so does the other.  So the pro is rapid same day repair. Con is $$$.  But at least you have options! This guy totally bait and switched me. I went in and he told me 50 dollars and I thought that was high so I went and called my insurance to see if it would be cheaper to just get new frames. I went back in and said ok I will do it. Then I pulled out a 10% discount card and then he told me 69 but he will do it for 50. I thought that was pretty unethical.  I told him I would pay 45 which would be his orginal quote plus my 10% off. He refused. Yesterday I went back to The Frame Doctor and asked for a refund. He said he was sorry; but he could not do that. However  he let us run to the bank and come back and pay him.  Very few businesses operate like that anymore.  He did a nice job saving my glasses  and he did it in less than 5 minutes.  They were better than the ones the glasses came with "My boyfriend broke the arms off of both his regular glasses and his prescription sun glasses. He had the arm to one pair but misplaced the other. He called ahead to check prices and availability and the guy said it would be just $10 to repair the arm we had and we went right in. He fixed the first pair in a few minutes and offered to put two new arms on the other pair for  $50. Way more affordable than the options eyeglass retailers offer. We will definitely come back any time we need glasses repaired. The man who helped us was very personable and did a great  and you can't beat their customer service. I'm now a loyal customer." oE6iNXWpo9XxAWm-CGvcww "Diana and Ray were so super friendly on both of my visits to this great shop. It looks like a cool art gallery inside with candles and gifts for sale along with the unique glasses. On my first stop  and  a history lesson or two along the way.  These people are steady "Stopped by here recently with my mom to look for glasses for her. The salesman then proceeded to tell my mom her current glasses were ""out of style"" and kept forcing her to try on pairs of glasses that were totally not even close to what she wanted. He was somewhat helpful "I was at The Henry and noticed the gentleman next to me was wearing some clever frames. After inquiring I secured the information that he acquired his stylish lens at Ray's. Plus  and left feeling like a star in some cool new shades. I will recommend Ray Eyewear to everyone I meet. You have to check out this awesome local business! They are the real deal in good ol' fashioned customer service Thank you for being MY locally owned choice for eyewear!"  couldn't be more helpful and personable. They offer exceptional selection of frames from conservative I love this place. Locally owned for over 20 years by this couple. They are always the ones you will be working with. They have so much knowledge and love helping people. I bought some Oliver Peoples sunglasses there recently and love them. Very nice people. If you need glasses for the first time or need some cool frames that everyone else doesn't have go see Ray and Diana! Wow! What an amazing experience.  Finding fresh fashions and a good fit in glasses has been challenging for me for years.  I found Rays on facebook stopped by and found everything I've been looking for.  All the new colors and frames great pricing but more than that I discovered a kind and caring  proprietor who took time with me to try lots of new glass ideas I'd been thinking about.  Add to it ZERO sales pressure!  Win-Win-Win. You have got to visit this shop. It is remarkable!!! 5 Stars. Excellent customer service is their maxim." "A family owned business with owners on the premises.  My ophthalmologist referred Ray Glasses; he said they had one of the best labs in town.  The owner was helpful and willing to work with me on price as I was getting multiple new lenses.  They also have a very nice selection of stylish Love Love Love my glasses!  Excellent customer service and turn around time.  I highly recommend Ray Glasses! Ray glasses is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood. They are extremely helpful and their selection is very fashion forward. I will go back for a pair of glasses from them when i get my eye issues resolved (surgery).  Until then -P.S. They don't do eye exams so don't forget to bring your prescription.  Also I wish the name were a little less girlie so that if I shop there I don't have to tell people that I got my glasses at Sassy Glasses."  both touting the great selection of unique frames at Sassy Glasses.   I raced to the store to find a FANTASTIC selection of unique glasses in a modern boutique-style shop ran by a very cool husband and wife pair.  I had a great time trying on frames and fell in love with about 5 pairs.  The best part?  I walked away with 2 pairs of glasses that I love for about the same price I paid for the Chanels.  Thank you Yelp!" "Sassy Glasses rocks- seriously! Stopped by about a week ago to check out their selection of frames and was totally blown away! They have a very large collection of frames and styles that you will not find elsewhere. I found an absolutely gorgeous pair of glasses and they were ready in about a week  so more of your hard earned money stays in town.  The only downside is that they don't take insurance (directly) and have no optometrist on site  and without them I'd be very unhappy with the selection at Lens Crafters.  I would so go back.  Give them your very best  and definitely know what I want in a pair of glasses. I found the style of glasses I had been searching everywhere for within 2 minutes of being in the store The bottom line is Sassy Glasses is good for people with minor vision issues who want to look ""hip"" in their glasses Which is why I am a long-term customer." I usually make an annual pilgrimage to SG when I get my tax return (I've never had/been offered good insurance for someone who needs something beyond Lenscrappers inferior capabilities)  but we are no strangers to traveling for the things or food we want - Mesa resident hazard.  Anyway we hustled to get there before they closed on a weekday and made it in about 5:15pm.  They had the best selection of glasses I had ever seen and for someone who is completely committed to her contacts I was actually jealous of my husband as there were several pairs I wanted for myself!  Another day!  Anyway there really wasn't a pair there that I would have said no to and Jordan who helped us couldn't have been nicer.  She helped with suggestions I have been wanting new frames for the wedding and know I'll be able to find something I love at Sassy Glasses! The boutique is a little bit on the pricey side  bad customer service= not a good combination."  bad customer service.  Don't waste your money." Thank you Dan and Quida!!!" SO HAPPY I WENT HERE! Yelp is awesome!!!"  great selection of options and for feeling like a fun place to shop. This will be my first stop next time I need a pair of glasses."  they just might have a pair that will make you look great!"  and have the coolest glasses around.  I highly recommend checking sassy glasses out."  it was totally worth it. My glasses are the shit." He was very knowledgable and an absolute pleasure to deal with. I am looking forward to having my whole family use this business and I am looking forward to recommending them to my friends."  Unique Frames. What else can be said?"  and it occurred to me my business was not wanted.  Why be arrogant."  Dan and the rest of their knowledgeable staff. They have talent and skill they've spent years honing. They DO know what looks great or just mediocre. All their frames are awesome but not all of them will look awesome on you... They will tell you the truth! Hardly anything can beat the selection of frames/lenses they have except the service they provide. They are the real deal. They care about their customers  and without hesitation give Sassy Glasses my stamp of approval!  When my insurance rolls over I'm going back for a pair of sunglasses!  Thank you Sassy Glasses!" This place is definitely worth checking out!"  very 5 star happy with these folks!" I highly recommend Sassy Glasses! Dan and Quida Lewis are professional  truly concerned about getting a frame that fits well and looks good. They also told me when the frames didn't look good...this let me know I could trust them because they didn't try to sell me the most expensive frame in the store. They genuinely wanted me to be happy with my selections. The frames are not the same as you'd find in other stores "The Village Eye Works is by far the best place to get unique and high-quality glasses!  Steph and Bob only carry the best brands and provide unparalleled customer service; I haven't bought glasses at another store for the last ten years and I haven't lived in Phoenix since 2004 - I make it a point when I'm in town to get glasses from them!  You will get honest feedback about what fits your face from true professionals! Prices are on the high side  Ann and Steph. I visited the location on 7th and Bob was very knowledgeable and helpful without being pushy. Could not decide so left without purchasing glasses. Went to three other shops and ended up at his store on Tatum Blvd several days later. Ann was very patient and I think we went thru  the entire store before finding my perfect frame.  Both Bob and Ann offered their opinions on the different frames that I tried which was very helpful. I would definitely recommend the boutique to anyone looking for great service coupled with higher end frames. My friend also ended up purchasing a pair of Maui Jim sunglasses. Great selection "Just purchased my favorite glasses ever from the Village eye works. The staff was awesome at helping me to find the best frames for my face. They have unbelievable costumer service. The selection is top of the line and always the latest unique styles. Tisha was my consultant but Bob "Dr.Ric Rios is the best;  he has prescribed contacts and glasses for me and my family for many years. I just wish the office  wasn't so far away from my frequent destinations. It would also be great to see if he has more updated frames My family has been going to PV Eyecare for many years. We have never had any issue with the staff or Dr. Rios who is the best! Appointments are flexible and prices are competetive. This is a no pressure place- unlike other places. You can buy your frames/contacts  there or they will give you your prescription and you can go elsewhere. I am not familiar with any of the other doctors that are there but if you need a great eye doctor- try Dr. Rios.  especially to those who have eye insurance coverage.  I think the office is ran very competently and very efficiently."  have never had quite the success in fitting a contact lens. I have a hard lens in the right eye and a hybrid in my left. The hybrid has me seeing better than 20/20 out of it. AMAZING! I will soon have a hybrid put into my right has well. The only regret  but he was able to determine the perfect brand. I agree with several of the other posters regarding the facility being a bit dated and the office staff not always being the most professional and pleasant; however  horrible customer service and a place I highly recommend on not using. The office had several opportunities to show great customer service in all of my times that I went back to the office-but they severely failed every time!" I will never recommend this to anyone!"  and called it $200.  Deal with it.  Why doen't $200 cover for a glasses script?  What lobbyist out there wanted a STATE LAW to renew eyeglass scripts annually?  Can you say ""Special Interests""???  Blackmail?  Where do you see blackmail? That statement about blackmail alone makes me think you are wacko.  I got my lenses duplicated and that is perfectly within the law of the State of Arizona to do so.  I am completely satisfied with my new glasses and I see great.  Thanks for your concern about the health of my eyes Easy to find. The staff was friendly. They had all the necessary equipment on sight to do any exams/tests needed. Dr Hollenbach was great and explained every test and my results with me as we went through them. I would recommend Paradise Valley Eye Care to anyone!:)  courteous and professional.  They do seem a bit expensive for glasses  then why make the appointments in the first place???? And even then they couldn't give me another date that would work with me. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE. THEY ARE UNRELIABLE! !!"  were really nice and professional. The reason I am giving them three stars is because I was told by my optometrist that paying for my high index lenses in my prescription (-10.00/-8.50) would not be worth the cost. I appreciate that she didn't push the sale  even pointed out and old scar on my eye that I had never been alerted to previously! Didn't get the actual hardware there (kinda pricey). Would recommend to anyone!" The second pair came in a few days later...from initial appointment to final pickup  I call (almost a month after ordering my eyeglasses) to inquire about my eyeglass order and they refuse to return my calls.  I want to like/recommend them 7hmTTGJHKfAw82uT4kIxvQ  it has been found at its earliest stages. My previous optometrist just wanted to get me out the door and buy some glasses. Guess that's the difference between going to a national chain and a private clinic. They also have gone above and beyond to make sure I am happy with my experience. They were very patient with me when I was having a very hard time finding the perfect frames. Thanks to their help and many suggestions I found them! Unfortunately when I got my lenses  if you can get them to wait on you. The customer service for adjustments is terrible.  It more often than not I just give up and leave rather than wait. Today I stopped by at a few minutes before 2:00 and signed in for an adjustment. Both techs were wandering in and out off the floor to the back room but I sat patiently waiting for someone to call me and get it taken care of. 15 minutes became 30 as I sat all by myself because no other customers were there and at 35 minutes I got up and walked out the door. The two ladies sitting at the front desk watching me this whole time (who also checked me in) not only watched me leave without my adjustment but told me to have a nice day. I want to give my business to someone who wants my business. It's clearly time to just go elsewhere and get new glasses that actually fit." "Dr Rios is the best. I've been his patient for over 5 years. I have really really bad astigmatism and my eyes have been difficult to work with. Growing up I've had to wear hard contacts which they are painful to wear (especially in Arizona). Any eye Dr. before coming here wouldn't be able to get my perception with astigmatism to fit soft contacts. I was always told no and turned down by prior eye Dr's. My eyes are so bad I can't even have lasik eye surgery. Another eye Dr. referred me here and said Dr. Rios will for sure be able to help you. Dr. Rios was determined to figure out a solution and fit me into soft contacts. After months and patience on both sides he was able to not only work with my astigmatism "I needed just a quick eye exam for my contact prescription and this place satisfied that need.  The least expensive of what I could find in a 10 mile radius as I wasn't willing to spend a ton.  The staff was disorganized but friendly.  Overall The moral of the story: no one will help you if you are standing by the $79 frames." If you are looking for decent quality & variety of frames and want prompt service - do yourself a favor and go elsewhere!!!"  the girl simply asks for my credit card instead of apologizing for her error. A few days later I get a bill in the mail for $75 for a routine lens fitting which I already paid the copay for! The insurance rep that helped me resolve this expressed her frustration to me as well after she apparently spoke to the same stubborn woman. needless to say It's pretty cool! :) Big smiles :)"  you are lucky if you see (pun intended) the doctor for more than 30 seconds.  Everything in this eye/cataract factory is handled by clerks and techs in training.  I went to another cataract surgeon's office for my other eye and the billing was complete with no surprises and IT WAS LESS.  The doctor was supportive and communicated at length."  I was given a prescription that was way too strong. I had to throw my new expensive glasses away. I ended up going to Q Vision for LASIK. Couldn't be happier. Go here and expect a robocall every day at 5:05."  you know the feeling of wondering if you will ever see again like you used to.  Southwestern Eye Center immediately made me confident that my vision would be fine and they were right.  My family and I will be forever thankful for Southwestern Eye Center." Nice.  I hope they're great eye doctors because they're not so good at the basics of running a business."  and finally see the doctor. Figure at least 45 minutes from the scheduled time of your appt to the time you actually see the doctor. They have no respect for the patient's time." "Scam. It's unfortunate that some companies will do anything to try to make a buck. I went in and got fitted for contacts but didn't buy any right away. I was pregnant and honestly glasses were just easier. Besides I had a ton of dailies left and my prescription hadn't changed. Fast forward a few months and I finally ordered acuvue oasys lenses and from day one HATED them. I assumed that my eyes just needed time to adjust to long term wear. I was used to throwing them out every night with the dailies. So I tried EVERYTHING "I am updating my review from a 1 to a 5. I've been going to this location for years and always received great service. I recently ran into an issue with a bill and the assistant manger  like 'what do you want'. This is the second Nationwide location I have been to. I think I'm done giving them a chance and my money. Save your money and go to Lens Crafters instead. Much friendlier service. At least there they don't make you feel like they're doing you a favor."  but frames are still damaged.  Did not make the customer whole after ruining the cosmetics of the frame.   Will not repeat business here.  Beware of the condition of your sunglasses before you drop them off...they will surely come out in a much different condition after they are ""fixed.""" Super friendly and attentive to the small things. Had frames repaired months ago. Went back in because a different screw came loose. The same gentleman replaced it for free and tightened up all the other screws. I know it's a small thing but most places these days would fix what they have to and move on but I really appreciated the little extra time it took to make sure I was taken care of. nQNZY-pecFIpFVRbRez0kA "2 for 2.  Both times I've come in he's been able to fix my husband's sunglasses on the spot.  No 2nd trip "I had two pair of RayBan sunglasses that needed to be fixed.  The first pair had bent frames which the gentleman fixed within a minute.  The next pair had bent frames and a cracked lens.  All my options were explained to me without any sales pressure.  I had lots of questions about polarized replacements and color options.  The sales person patiently explained all the details and allowed me to try the lenses available.  Clearly Fast! Repaired three mangled pairs of glasses in under 10 minutes for under $20. Great service and super fast!  lenses as well as taking the time to educate me on what the different lenses and frames were and how they affect me personally!:)" "Sat on my brand new Ray-Bans and panicked. Googled ""sunglass repair"" and found these guys. Glad I did. Straightened and balanced them to  perfection in 2 minutes at no charge. Great place. I will make the trip back up her from Old Town to buy my next pair of sunglasses."  and my Versace sunglasses I don't recall the name of (replaced a missing screw that caused left arm to fall off). Don't waste your time at seedy repair stores - this location is fantastic."  the stem connectors of both sides came off over time.  Aki put in extra strong screws and posts.  I need to be careful with them Sat on my glasses while in Arizona. Found All American on Yelp. The owner could repair them in a few hours. The price was extremely reasonable and he was unbelievably  accomodating. Quicker service and a better price than we could have gotten in Seattle. Strongly recommend!! Aki is a stand up guy. He has always helped me out and I never felt pressure to purchase. I always go back because of the wonderful service.  and the gentleman that assisted me was very nice. All around was a great experience for a day full of errand running with a toddler in tow." "Went in with broken glasses we thought would be a lost cause.... 40 mins later This is the best eyeglass repair in town. I've been to others and this one tops them all. They're truly skilled. They give you hope when others say you need new glasses. I've had my sunglasses for over 15 years and they continue to thrive because of the craftiness at All American Eyeglass Repair.  each time performing same day repairs. The repairs are strong and esthetically pleasing. He even graciously waited a bit past closing time when I was stuck in traffic returning for the pickup.  Reasonable cost and friendly service - I wouldn't use anywhere else." nQNZY-pecFIpFVRbRez0kA "Absolutely thrilled with the results! My beloved reading glasses were in horrific shape; I had stepped on them and didn't know if they were able to be repaired. Aki Brought in my broken glasses on Saturday at 10 AM when opened. Said they would be ready in an hour.Came back at 11 and glasses where good as new and he had tighten all the screws which made them fit better. They are the best! Jon M. in Scottsdale says: Touche Aki!" This is the second time they have come to the rescue with my son's glasses. First time was right before he left for summer camp. Frame was broken at the hinge and no time to get new ones. They fixed the frame beautifully and he wore those  for almost another full year. This time frame broke right along the lens edge. Fixed so quickly and for such a great price...saved us again. With the cost of replacing frames it is so nice to have such a great place to take them for repairs. Thank you!!! "My frames broke on Sat. Called my optical store and they would only sell me new frames for lots of $$$. All American was closed. Waited until Monday and took them in on my lunch hour. Glasses were fixed by 3:30 and picked them up on my way home. Great service Customer service a A Plus!"  excellent service and warranty and price for such speedy service. Customer for life here...Thank you." "I broke the hinge off my glasses.  Not only did they fix my glasses perfectly  helpful  service...and the quality of the work. I mailed in glasses with missing broken frame. They called with options.  And did great work replacing both frames at reasonable price with excellent quality "A pleasant surprise for an optical practice that I only found by going through my vision plan directory! Great staff (Claire especially was very knowledgeable and professional) If you are looking for a really good Optometrist then give him a try. Also "My family and I have been going to optical illusions forever. Dr. Fuller is honest  all at very affordable prices.  I highly recommend this practice for your family's eyecare needs!!!" Five stars for lily. Her service was awesome!. They had the glasses I wanted and accepted my insurance. It was a very pleasant experience Great new frames/lenses for $30 copay in just 10 days." "Awesome staff!! They got us in and out quickly! I took my four year old in for his first exam and Dr Brian F was both patient and funny. He determined my son had good vision but astigmatism Dr. Brian F. was very genuine and took his time. The staff was very welcoming and accommodating . My whole family will be coming here.  she was shown by your actions that your not. If you can't show customers respect because you lack professional integrity and think we don't have money because of our race. We can spend our money else where and not only that we can write review's to ensure it changes. Now as I have all your names this review isn't the last you'll hear from me its the first. Clean up your act no matter the customer in the store as my wife made it clear that she along with myself didn't appreciate the office bully tatics and unprofessional ways in which you all carried yourselves. The joke if that what it was 