Thank you so very much Gene Sanes Upholstery." My parents live in Oakland in a condo building with a ridiculously small elevator.  Gene Sanes went above and beyond to make sure this extremely long sofa from my grandma would fit in the elevator at my parents' building.  They brought the sofa mid-upholstery to the building just to make sure it would fit into the elevator.  That is such great customer service it is ridiculous.  It did fit 7XX-2YyRTLVvki-qsM3sVQ Fortunately Michael's Craft Supplies on the eastside is starting to carry more yarn and sewing items "We went here to pick out fabrics for a quilt. We used a few tables to pick out color schemes and see what we were working with. The worker walking by actually said to us  so they don't have a lot of competition.  I wish they did  experienced employees who were really helpful and they didn't act like it was a pain to wait on you.  There was an energy about the place and staff members had other staff members with whom they could consult and interact.  Now there are times when just about the only employees I see are one person staffing a cash register  this little JoAnn's packs a punch. It's got a very good fabric selection and the gals (and occasional guys) at the cutting counter are nearly always super helpful. It's rarely very busy and the sale sections are fabulous. Today a very polite employee braved calling the busy superstore location and stayed on hold for nearly 10 minutes while she and an employee there tried to locate a product for me. Well done!" I think at this point they should just close there doors on this location since the owners or manager obviously don't care. They have excellent products that you cant get anywhere else but they almost NEVER have enough staff. I have gone there on over 8 separate occations and left without the merchandise I had picked out because there was no one on the registers at all or because there was only 1 person on register and huge line of people waiting. A store is pretty much worthless if you cant pay for the items. I dont steal but I would imagine they loose a lot of stuff from people waiting for a checker too long. The store is constantly understaffed but the people who work there are extremely nice & friendly. So not a great visit but not the worst  That girl couldn't find the item that was kept behind counter. Didn't want to spend time on me because of people behind me. Other customer asked if she could call for backup.  Manager standing around said in a minute.  Continued doing nothing. I won't return to this location." This is a very solid craft store. I spend most of my time in the fleece department cause i make blankets and there selection is vast. This my place for the activities I do. Wife and I went she wanted material.  She was a counter waiting to get cut. They announced store closed and the bitch a counter said sorry we closed. I asked for manger and she was worse I said so I drove 40 min and u don't won't my money. Unreal  and their prices were quite comparable. I didn't find either the new beaded yarn or the soy yarn that I was looking for This place welcoming and the prices are comparable.  I would suggest that knitters near and far visit this gem."  and aside from tools they also have a small book section and a selection of free patterns for knitters of all experience levels." Spent quite a while in here and loved it. All types and price points of yarn. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Really enjoyed my visit here.  The owner tracked down a pattern on Ravelry for my friend and emailed it to her for a project. Great experience. Going back again!  friendly help finding the right yarn for the right pattern.  This is a home away from home store.  Love to sit and knit and see what other projects are underway for ideas and inspiration."  and the staff is pleasant and helpful.   It get's a little crowded and hard to look at some of the yarn when knit groups are going on  and the ladies who were knitting gave me great advice about how to pick a pattern for my skill level and what yarn to get.  There are always people knitting there in their free time  I feel like everyone there is working hard but the line gets pretty lengthy and the store doesn't even that busy. It's strange."  there are lots of lights back there.""  I brought him the sign and he reluctantly called the manager.  The manager was equally glib and after pressing them to show me which light the sale actually was for I know I will visit more often." At least Jo-Ann's matches competitor coupons." I have only been here a couple of times.  My last visit was for some material for a table cloth.  I don't know my way around a fabric store and the staff here were very helpful.  I knew what I wanted when I went in and they pointed me in the right direction.  The person cutting the fabric was very nice and the check out was fast.  I was in and out in less than 10 minutes.  the staff helped me find exactly where to go. I was purchasing some arts & crafts materials and the friendly staff helped me scan a bunch of coupons for my purchase I did not know existed! Saved me a bunch of money!" Store is not at address on Neil street. It is near hhgregg on prospect. Someone should update the address/location.  is that sometimes the overhead lighting can irritate (think grade school buzzing fluorescent bulbs) "HIGHLY recommended. I am frequently there buying material for costumes and staging purposes  the service is much there than at Joanne! If you can  I came in to grab some last minute supplies for my costume and was met with an extremely rude employee. I was on the phone with my hard of hearing grandmother and was the ONLY customer in the store. The employee cleared her throat at me to get my attention and then exaggeratedly told me I was talking to my grandmother too loudly. I told my grandmother I couldn't talk to her in the store and promptly left without buying anything. I will never shop here for my fabric again and I hope that somebody doesn't treat this woman's grandchildren this way when they're trying to talk to her."  huge bins of zippers...I could go on and on.  If you make crafts you need to come to this store.  The prices are pretty good  I was in and out in 5 minutes and felt as if I'd entered and left some alternate universe where people still sew their own clothes....but the fabric glue worked (for the most part -- I cheated and didn't follow the instructions So go to SAS for the bargains.  You'll find some textile treasure for sure!" Once those two things were dealt with I had a great time being overwhelmed by too many choices. TOO MANY CHOICES!"  we are only human. You don't want to get over charged for a mis-calculation. (I say this because one time my ticket said $10 for item when it was only $2.50!). There's no public toilet IM IN LOVE. i used to work at joanns and was discouraged by the high prices of fabrics. I then found SAS and was in heaven! The store is pretty organized so it's not hard to find things and for the most part the employees are extremely busy. I could spend hours in there I just wish I had something to make all the time. I am obsessed with this place. I love to sew but fabric and accessories are so expensive and often good quality merchandise is hard to find. Sas is amazing it sells a lot of unusual items for a good price. The place is a bit cluttered and sometimes you have to dig through  a lot of junk but I have found some amazing things for dirt cheap. The prices here really are great which is why it is worth it to go in and dig.  It is a great people watching place Awesome selection.  You can find stuff that they stopped making after the Carter administration.  Super cheap too.  the nosy ladies always want to get up in your beeswax while they're cutting your fabric (""what are you making???"") You do have to know how the place works: Get your fabric cut and then meet them at the front to pay for it."  and neutral fabrics fill your eyesight welcoming you to explore! My imagination was running wild in here! I felt as if I was at a true NYC fabric supplier! Other fabric stores in Phoenix simply do not compare and carry FAR less unique fabrics. Joanne is also more catered to the grandma crowd rather than the modern D.I.Y. creative soul. I highly recommened Sas for all fabric related projects. I've become loyal to Sas for its quality and superior selection. The staff is also very quick and experienced so they get you on your way to fulfill your creative urges! Five stars :)"  call me. I've been meaning to learn how to make formal wear." First of all I cannot sew so this review is not from the point of a seamstress.  I went there for ribbons and other gold colored fabrics for center piece making and I def found more than I could ever imagine.  They have great luxurious fabrics as well as tacky sequin covered fabrics (I totally bought some).  If you need fabric you will find what you need or something very close to it.  The parking was ok but no lie the place is always packed.  As far as customer service goes it really depends on who you deal with. Some are chatty Cathys and others don't seem to care much for the customers. The bottom line is the place might look beat up but the selection is great and the people will cut your fabric and even give you a little extra if they see some damage. ahem...anyway...great for cheap awesome finds.  much better than schlepping out to BFE to go to JoAnn's.  Gigantic rolls of fabrics and some hard to find items--like black out material for our curtains.  Ribbon selection is huge.  Staff can be kind of brusque but only because they're swamped with work  they don't help much the costumers they rules are ""WHAT  YOU SEE IS WHAT WE HAVE""   they never smile Come here if you are prepared to spend time and effort finding the best and cheapest material around without all the glitz and glamour of a regular (i.e. chain) fabric store!"  but there are tons of inexpensive fabrics and accoutrements. The people are friendly and down-to-earth." This was a nice Sas and I will go back if I am over there again for sure!" P.S. I feel like the Tempe location takes pride in their organization and the women that work there have been working there FOREVER!  It's like seeing old friends every time. :)"  you better come here on a scavenger hunt The only caution I have for this place is that I needed three pieces of the fabric but I wasn't made aware that they only do one cut per person per fabric. Luckily the lady helping me understood my confusion at not being told this before hand and was willing to cut all three pieces for me.  I do wish that their thread selection was larger. Even though they have industrial size spools they mostly have primary colors. I had a difficult time matching the thread and fabric. I will definitely come back here the next time I have any fabric needs."  and their customer service is VERY limited.  But if you come in here with patience and lots of time to spare you will find exactly what you seek  I'm sure there are people that would rather dig and shop in a less fancy place to save the money  because I walked around the entire store. The heating pad was calling my name when I got home." If I didn't like how close this place was to my house or the giant selection of fabrics I would give it zero stars! The customer service is horrendous!  the people that work there are the rudest people I've ever seen in my entire life at a store. That's all Important! I don't care how cheap your product is."  chaos- don't go here cuz your condition will worsen upon setting foot on the premises. But if you're like me and pretty much unflappable The SAS staff were very helpful  and my associate was very eager to help me and gave me a thumbs up on  my selection."  you can get some amazing deals. I made 6 maxi skirts for my daughter for about $12. This is also a quilters dream paradise. tables full of quilting fabrics in small sections so you can pick up some great pieces." Please do me (and the nice ladies who work) a favor. Read the signs and follow the rules. Don't ask how many yards to make a pillow (figure that out yourself!) And please don't just yank all the fabric out and pile big wrinkly heaps on the top of the stacks. Someone's mother took a great deal of time to make neat stacks and it's up to us to keep it that way." "I love this place. This is my favorite fabric store. The fabric is good quality and inexpensive though you may have to do some sifting.  And all of the complaints about rude staff? Psssshf! It's practically a fabric filled warehouse with every trim "Wow what a huge selection. They have everything and anything.. and two of it! This store is not in the best neighborhood and it's not clean but boy is it worth the savings! I spent $66 on a ton of fabric and supplies "Great place to find fabric if you have a lot of patience and time. So many fabrics all piled on top of each other on tables. I didn't find what I needed  but I was overcharged two out of two visits. Really have to watch these people!!!!!  I absolutely agree with the other reviews that said they are not friendly The ladies there have always been helpful when I needed it.  What I love most about this place is how it's more like an old Cloth World than a spiffy new Jo-Ann.  I'm sure one day this location will get the big make over Being in Scottsdale I really thought this store would be the same as the one in Arrowhead and Desert Ridge.....no. I walked in and thought I had walked into some sort of Joann's clearinghouse  or outlet store. Wow. Very uninviting. It looks like they moved into an existing warehouse and put zero money into making the store look nice. I didn't find what I was looking for and left without buying anything. I think I'll stick to the other two stores I normally go to.  I completely agree with Tina!  I went to the Bernina Connection for the first time and was thrilled.  I stumbled on their website and found out that they were open late tonight (Tuesdays only).  They have a wonderful selection of fabrics I hate this place because Gus my sweetie pie spends a ton of money here. But he always gets good extremely friendly service and the best products along with instruction and occasional repairs on his machines. Interesting novelty quilting fabrics for those who are looking for something special." Machines.  Now I have fun sewing and I  love the new fabrics!" I may be switching my brand loyalty from Viking to Bernina very soon.  That and when I worked at Hancock Fabrics when I was 16 I stopped in this store today to check out the latest Amy Butler fabrics. I left feeling inspired and excited about sewing. They offer classes for an affordable price. They had an awesome selection of fabric and the staff was quite helpful. I know I'll be back and hope to take their beginner's sewing class this summer when I have more free time. "Went to the Quilt Exhibit last Friday. Great job to staff & volunteers. Everything was beautiful. Food was fantastic. If you missed this event to promote Ryan House Charity  helpful and enthused staff-- gorgeous fabrics--and great classes. I chose to buy my new Bernina here  I will definitely be attending more of them!" Stopped in here for the first time this week looking for a particular quilting  notion. They didn't have it but were very helpful offering to order it or call other shops to find it for me. Nice selection of fabrics and books & project ideas. I will return another day! I have been using Bernina Connection for years to have Bernina sewing machines serviced. They do an excellent job for a reasonable price and they give a discount for bringing 2 machines in at the same time. Everybody here is very friendly and helpful. They warranty their work and I have never had any problems with the machines I have taken there for service. This was the first quilt shop I've ever been in where I left empty handed."  knowledgable and repairs reasonably priced."  and $40 later... $20-30 just to have my ""tension checked"" when all I needed was a $2 screw. Didn't need my tension checked... It was perfectly fine until I lost the screw! Doubt I'll be back anytime soon Three weeks later and my machine has tension problems like never before. Guess where I won't be going to get it fixed?  looking at all the great bargains to be had! This only happens once a year so don't miss it. Today and tomorrow are the days of the sale. I just love coming here and how welcoming the staff is with a community like atmosphere. I stopped by to see how my grandniece was doing in her Kids Create Class. She has so much fun sewing with peers! Don't forget to stop by tomorrow. Happy shopping!"  and it's not run well since.  It seems they used a substandard lubricant which gums up unless the machine is in a hot room!  The charge was exorbitant as well.  I will be looking for another repair company.  Sally's in Mesa had a wonderful woman named Kay who did the best repairs and whose charges were very reasonable.  Sigh~" *the above was from a few months ago but didn't post due to a user error. I have since been back and fell in love even more. This time I had my two daughters (ages 4 and 1) with me. I hate to say it by many quilt store employees can be rather grumpy and don't have patience for children. The employees here were so welcoming! We walked in and they lead us to a basket of toys just for kids. Every one of them came to talk to the girls or play with them for a minute. Not what I was expecting. I just love this place!" Thank you Bernina Connection--maybe one of these days I'll even sew a quilt!" Just bought a new Bernina sewing maching at The Bernina Connection.  What a great experience! The entire staff was helpful and incredibly friendly. They said hello to customers by their first names. :)  They took a lot of time to talk with me about the sewing machine and go over some initial basics. They offer great support to help get people up and running with several introductory classes. I am really happy to have found this great shop! They also have a fantastic selection of unique and beautiful fabric. Can't wait to go back!  Thank you for such a great experience!! Such a wonderful store with fantastic employees!!! Fabric choices are modern and fun :) There has never been a need for further alterations. Over all this place rocks I have been there maybe a half a dozen times in two years to get some things done and they still always remember me. The staff is really friendly and they can get stuff done in a really short amount of time "A wonderful experience overall.  These guys saved my skin and delivered a custom job that was needed in a matter of hours.  Highly recommended for those in need of a capable To say the least...I feel she needs to retire and put someone else in charge...she has lost a step or two I think. And this store seems much better managed when she is not around  I find they do an amazing job. I have never had a bad job done on any of my pieces. On average I bring a piece a month and are always impressed with the quality. I would not bring a forever 21 dress there to be altered  even before  this incident. If anything they are too nice! How many places do same day alterations? Give them a try!"  pricing seems to change depending on who is working." Expect to pay designer prices." I DO NOT recommend Danese. You can find a seamstress or someone at a drycleaner for half the price or less." "I had an appointment today to get an estimate for a custom made dress.  She was unfriendly I will DEFINITELY be returning for normal bras when I'm done nursing!" The workmanship at Danese Crations is par excellence. From formal wear to everyday wear I have never experienced anything but perfection with the alterations and designs they have done for me. Masterful sewing is a bit of a lost art and Danese Creations is a rare find. My order is always ready when promised and the entire staff is friendly and accommodating. "I went in to Danese Creations to have a custom dress.  I found a picture of a dress I liked in one of the magazines on the counter.  I had a fun time selecting my fabric for the dress.  They were very kind even when I changed my mind a couple of times.  There is plenty of beautiful fabrics to choose from.  And I went away feeling great.  When I returned to try on my dress Will be back 4 a great job"  she tried to quote my cousin at $550. Such a waste of time. I would hope she can read these Yelp reviews and adjust herself and business accordingly."  she rescued my dress twice lol."  but gets the job done and will work with you. I would recommend it!"  these pieces had a secound life! They looked current and  showed no sign of age. We highly recommend Sylvia and her staff" Scylvia at Danese Creations is the best! Her shop is the only place I take my pants and suits to for tailoring. She is really a pro. I've referred many friends and family to her and would recommend everyone go there. Absolutely best place for any alterations! I had taken my favorite pair of pants to another company to have the button replaced because it had ripped through the material and was told that the only way to keep that button without placing a new (completely different button that didn't match) was to hold it in place with a safety pin! I took it to Danese Creations and they reinforced the material and were able to use the original button. It's perfect and looks just as when I purchased them!! They are the best!! The very best place in Phoenix. Wouldn't go to any other place. Very creative and the work is always done on time. I highly recommend Danese Creations without any reservations. Thank you. Chris Adams owner of Adams fiberglass an porcelain" I love Danese Creations. Scylvia is AMAZING when it comes to bra sizing and alterations. She's wonderul to work with and gets the job done with extremely high quality. Highly recommend!  which was HUGE! Danese completely redid my dress and it is now my best-fitting dress. It feels like it was made just for me (which it kind of was)! Danese is a little expensive Danese saved my a** today. Hours before my wedding I called Danese and they agreed 2 hours before closing to alter my reception dress and didn't even charge a rush fee. Amazing!! I love these ladies" "Awkward ""stuck in the 80's"" sort of feel but she does a great job and knows what she's doing. She kept talking about how she really wants to retire already -which is sort of unprofessional in my opinion. But you can tell she only speaks her mind so that's alright I guess. I only went in for a hemming and it was done sooner than I thought which was great. And they did a good job at it  and she told us what and how she could do it to make the dress look amazing and also wearable. So you should be prepared if you have ideas of how alterations should go that she may disagree and will instead have a better idea of how to make your vision happen. I am so Scylvia and her girls at the shop are amazing! I've sent many of my friends there for everything from wedding dresses to getting dress slacks fitted. Thanks Scylvia! Your awesome! I've not needed a formal gown but they're equally lovely and the bead work is amazing. Making another appointment today!"  and have since brought 3 other brides here because Scylvia is the best! Wonderful customer service and extremely high quality craftswomanship! Her prices are consistent with the quality of her work. If you want Walmart prices  the day before the wedding! I rushed into the shop at 8 am and she said she would have no problem getting it done the same day. She was finished by the time I left work! The best part is that she didn't overcharge me for the rush service either. Best tailor in town for sure!" "I sent my daughter in law here to get an alteration on her wedding dress.  I had my wedding dress altered here and it was done efficiently and well priced.  While this place is knowledgeable in what they do  my dress wasn't done when I was promised (And it had been there for almost a month!). Thank goodness I called to check up on it before picking it up! If you leave clothes here and need them for an important date {like a wedding} be sure to call and check up if you're cutting it close with time!" They did an incredible job and are extremely friendly. I was very humbled to find that they had covered the cost of my military uniform alterations - I can't thank them enough and am so glad to see a great military-friendly business in Phoenix. "I just walked into Dannese's Creations to pick up several items I left two weeks ago. I was told it was going to be done last Saturday. I never received a phone call so I walked in and this is what happened... I walked and Danese herself said to me "" even though I'm a paying customer I'm not as important as her brides are."" In addition because she has had several girls out my things have been put on the last thing to do on the list. I'm sorry but I paid over $300 for approximately 3 alterations and some buttons to be changed on a jacket!! I believe that I'm just as important of a customer as her brides are!  I am sorry but this IS NOT acceptable for someone who charges so much money to fix such a simple hem. I would not recommend this place for a simple alteration as they don't care unless you are bride!! JUST AWFUL AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE AND COMMUNICATION WITH CUSTOMERS!!!!!" "If I could I would give this place no stars. I have a dress that was $15 when I got it but there was a minor design that was missing. My cousin called and talked to the receptionist asking for a quote. She was told it would be $2-$25. Which is reasonable cause the design was tiny. So my grandma took it here to see how much it would be. $58 it came out to!! I was in school when she went so unfortunately I couldn't go. I was upset that she charged so much so I instantly called to speak to the owner. She was busy so she called me a few hours later. When she called I had told her about the quote that the receptionist gave my cousin. She told me ""We would never give THOSE prices let alone give pricing over the phone. Your cousin was wrong because we don't do that"" Woah. I find that to be quite rude. If my cousin was wrong she could've said that they don't give pricing in a kind manner. I don't think that my cousin would just make something like that up. So I asked why was it $58 for something so small? Apparently because shes ""wasting her time on my dress and has to buy beading"" Thats absolutely ridiculous. She also told me that she gave my grandma a deal. I personally don't believe so. I took the dress somewhere else to get a quote and they told me $35 plus they were extremely nice and had great customer service. After the situation over the phone my grandma picked up the dress. The receptionist then tried to keep the hanger from my dress but my grandma would not let her. Seriously my experience with this place was awful. There are so many other places you can go to all over the valley that are great quality and cheaper!"  Sylvia stood out as the most capable and knowledgable. She made me a jacket in a style that was probably far removed from her typical work and it turned out great. Sylvia's work speaks for itself. She's also pretty badass if you can get to know her for a minute." "I came in on a last ditch effort to get my bridesmaid dress altered to fit for a wedding that was 3 days away. (turns out the place I bought the dress from had it taken in a size so it no longer fit- left them a review too) Not only did Sylvia have my dress done on time We are talking about $3 a yard for some expensive fabric people!"  not so classy looking prints as well.  Their prices simply cannot be beat.  I was at a Joann shortly before my visit here and I was looking at upholstery fabric.  The fabric I was admiring was about 40 bucks a yard.  You can find a similar style here for about 10 bucks a yard.  You really can't beat the prices!  They also have a cool section in the back where you can find closeout deals on some great fabrics The fabrics are an even better deal!  I signed up for their newsletter and email alerts and get info about sales and classes.  I don't know how to sew  great selection and most especially great prices! You can find wonderful upholstery fabric at a fraction of other stores. They are in the process of remodeling E80cnPB9ve2Z5QeOhrkv5A  but they can also be a bit snippy (hah... fabric puns). Several times I have asked them for something and they have told me that I was incorrect/looking for the wrong thing. Maybe I was looking for the wrong thing  not too far away on Cave Creek - their selection is positively huge (especially compared to the selection here) which makes it a lot easier to look past their spotty customer service." "The best place for fabric! I recently needed quite a bit of fabric for a project I had.. After shipping at the normal chain stores I decided to stop here in a whim and I am so glad that I did. Their prices are half of other fabric stores and their customer service is outstanding. They have hell me so much with my project Great Fabric Store with Great low prices! Mostly everything is $8.99 a yard. Plus they give out great ideas and advice.  batting & material.  Thank you to Ruby (an employee) for giving me so much instruction!!!  I don't know if I'd have the confidence to tackle this project without having talked to you.  And now I'm looking forward to taking on the next project... whatever that might be!  The prices & selections of the material here is great." 