"I will never purchase anything from this office again! I had to call my insurance to file a grievance against this provider. I went to this office on the 27th of january with my prescription to pick out a pair of frames. I gave them all the necessary information. They told me it would take 7-10 business days for them to arrive. I later called and spoke with the optician and asked whether they could be mailed to my address in NY. It is the 24th of February and I still don't have my glasses!! They kept telling me that they sent to the NY address when I know that they didn't. These people are very unprofessional and rude. They reordered the glasses for me because I have warranty on the lenses. They called me when it arrived in the office  impatient and a poor listener. He then try's to push his optomtetrist . His staff is embarrassed." Dr. Hull is great but not great enough to overcome the poor treatment from the business office.  Don't ask for anything out of the ordinary like calling in a mail order script.  They are a well oiled machine and you are truly just a number there. I think she's the greatest MD I've ever had :)"  diagnose or prescribe things to me. I feel that the doctor I've been seeing is more than capable of doing those things. but I also believe that with healthcare providers there should be a certain level of warmth and care that goes along with the medical proficiency. And based upon my visits  friendly staff and techs . Dr. Olulade is da bomb! Nice to have a primary that actually cares about you and makes you feel comfy ."  I feel like I am viewed as a ""necessary evil"" for them to collect their money.  Don't go here - you will regret it." Don't waste your time at this office." siixOX00BhEkUlKg3n06tA "As a first time patient I was able to get a next day appointment. The wait was short siixOX00BhEkUlKg3n06tA  they feel that I should be obligated to pay a $170.00 bill for the doctor not doing anything. My thing is why can't they just admit that it was a misdiagnosis and remove the bill from my account.  But because they chose to make this difficult I have contacted the News station and my attorney." "I've been going to this office for 9 years. Today I saw my 4th doctor at the practice. They have all been amazing. Dr. Hull is fantastic! However  count me out - there's plenty of other places to get healthcare in this town." "Everyone has always been nice to me when i come here.  I have always been in and out very quickly  too.  Doctor appointments are usually last-minute things for me (because I'm dying or something) and they can always get me in when it's convenient for ME.  I appreciate that and that says a lot about their service." R-ff6qTsHb6HC7wQ2Wl5bg "I'm leaving Charlotte and dreading finding a new doctor because Dr. Larsen has been a fantastic doctor for the past 2 years. Making an appointment is easy Fantasic and very friendly staff! The best in Charlotte hands down! staff is friendly enough..drs are quick and dont really listen or ask any questions... ive changed drs since my last visit and am very happy. i had an appt that i had rescheduled here and they keep sending and will not stop sending a letter asking me to pay for a missed visit when i called to cancel a week before. found a way better dr...little better to drive but at least i feel like im getting the customer service i deserve... His office is 20 minutes from my home and 45 minutes from my work.  I gladly drive there and will continue to do so." "Northwest Family Physicians is the best!  I have been going there for about 10 years or more. Incredible service all around.   Dr. Larsen is my favorite physician ever. He is very personable Amazing staff and doctor.  I've been seeing Dr. Larsen for years and trust his diagnosis.  I was very thankful that I gave this practice a try and will continue to go back!" I highly suggest him to anyone looking for a new doctor. He is routinely listed in Phoenix magazine's ""Top Docs"" issue and always has surpassed my expectations." "I can say nothing but good things about dr. Dedinksky and his staff. They are like no other dr that you normally go to. Their service is excellent. Easy to get appointments "I have been a patient of Dr Dedinsky for over 3 years now.  I really like the time he takes during physicals and visits.  He is thorough and practical in his approach.  His office staff are competent I have been a patient for over three years and have never been so satisfied with the service and care given to me. This is by far the best change a person could make regarding their health. Can you say 'COMPLETE' physical?? There's no greater comfort than knowing your health is in good hands and your Doctor has your back. Thanks Doc!!! "I have been a patient of Dr. Dedinsky's since 1997.  I wouldn't think of going anywhere else.  I told him that he can't ever retire!  He listens.  He remembers.  He cares.  And his diagnoses are always right on target.  I love his office staff (Tracy and Imelda).  Both are always so cheerful and helpful when I call in.  If I need to see Dr. Dedinsky immediately I've been mis-diagnosed many times by Dr. Austin. The wait is ALWAYS an hour or two and you have to keep calling the office to get results. If you are looking for a great doctor  she's an amazing caring Dr. Only see her a couple times a year but it's always a pleasant visit. Thank you Dr. Austin!" "Dr Austin is wonderful! i'm so glad i found her and that she diagnosed my ""anxiety"" as me being thyrotoxic and saved me from what could've been a very scary situation"  takes her time and doesn't rush you out the door but at the same time doesn't keep you waiting in the waiting room. She's courteous and kind but professional and knowledgeable at the same time. She's always willing to look things up when she isn't sure and not just make  snap judgments and stick to them  she takes the time to listen and does not rush you out the door.  I would and have recommended her practice to others.  She truly cares about her patients." I definitely recommend this walk-in clinic and plan to return and see Dr. Corrigan as my primary care physician."  and gets right to the point. Although sometimes it can get annoying with his medical students." 7Y5HNCtQGCIP_28QfjfihA Today i went to visit Dr. Corrigan as he is my family dr and was surprised when i got there and saw the building completely empty ... upon investigation i was told that the dr either retired or just simply quit practicing ... there was a merger with East Valley Family Practice and all of Dr. Corrigans patients files were sent to the 3rd st and Earle location ... when i called there i was told this info was correct and the gentleman i spoke with was very helpful in setting up an appt for me at a new location ...  though Dr Smith the most.  My girlfriend thinks it's awesome to actually have a young black female doctor as it makes her feel so much more relatable.  I love that they are so informative  I didn't have to go to another level of the building to receive my blood work." Without a doubt I recommend Dr. Bauer and her assistant 110%."  as the problem seemed to be with the muscles and bones of my ribcage.  Dr. Mansfield prescribed some low-key meds (ibuprofen and a muscle relaxer) and referred me to an awesome chiropractor right next door.  I got the best night's sleep in recent memory p.s. Dr. Collins doesn't accept new patients but if you call and ask her medical assistant they usually can fit you in..."  Mountain View is home to several doctors so we should always be able to get in the same day or the day after we get sick. The waiting room felt clean and comfortable too  making time to talk to you about all your concerns.  I can't say enough about her and highly recommend her!"  but are missing the most important part." I love this place!! I moved here 7 months ago and made an apt with Dr. Mansfield. She is awesome and so is her assistant!!  She's easy to talk to and will do anything to help! I've been a few times and will return again and again!  and they've all been great. The front desk staff is very friendly and quick with processing people through. You never have to wait long with an appointment and they have a streamlined process to get people through to a doc quick I love this doctors office.  Dr. Mansfield is always willing to listen and is very compassionate.  She is genuinely concerned about her patients and their health.  Whenever you have an urgent matter the office goes above and beyond to make sure you get to see a doctor immediately.  I've been a patient here for about three years and am so glad to have found this doctor.  and what she wanted to 'discuss' with me was................................................ nothing.  The ultrasounds were all  normal and everything looked fine and dandy.  What?!  Why did I have to come in for that???  So I can pay another office visit fee?  I was really disappointed Dr. Bauer and the staff are great and I hope when and if I need anything more serious I can prove them right even further as to how good they are. Hopefully that's not the case but I can already tell they will be awesome." I highly recommend her and Mountain View as a solid PCP/Home Physician office."  anywhere else.  The homeless guy on the corner would probably give you better care. He'd be cheaper thats for sure!"  then you should defiantly trust dr Mansfield to give you the care you deserve." The office itself is ok.  I've had them mess up my appointments a few times which is frustrating but the dr. has always made sure I can still get in to see him."   he took his time and paid attention to every detail. He gave me great alternatives to medications and other options to think about. They also give you a online patient portal to access your medications "Dr. Mansfield is amazing. She listens and provides valuable feedback and resources. I just moved t the area Good luck if you decide to go with them.  I'm sure all the doctors are fine...that's really all that should matter... but I just can't take the hassle of their slow office."  but I believe it was worth it for the treatment I received! Wonderful staff that was very friendly and concerned with everything I mentioned. Dr. Bell was amazing. He really explained everything too me. I didn't feel lost once!" Over $100 out of pocket later I returned for my check up.  Not sure if it is a racket they usually pull to get you to come more than once but I don't trust them. On the positive side the staff was friendly and both appointments were on time.  Cindy is a wonderful doctor's assistant."  but having said that the office operation is not good. Last year they called me said it was my time for a yearly exam. Went in late after work about 4:30 appointment. The waiting room was nearly empty. They called me in I waited in the exam room for 50 minutes it's 1/4 to 6. The noise in the hallway outside the room is dying down. I come out and ask around find hardly anyone except one person up in the front office. She is very surprised to see me I'm fairly sure they forgot I was even in there. I was getting upset I told her I can't wait around for an hour in a room. She didn't know what to say to me I could tell they knew darn well what happened. They ran around and I told her I was leaving and Dr bell came out said he would take care of me in a few minutes. The exam was about 10 minutes listen to my heart and said sounds okay. He asked me If I need to have a finger up my butt I laughed but was thinking to my self what a strange thing to say to a patent. I told him forget it had to go. I wasted 3 hours it was the last time I went there."  but the doctor put on his latex glove and felt my glands and wrote me a refill? Really? No blood work? I have not had my thryoid levels checked in over a year. Okay After another appointment I am still so happy with this staff! They are more then happy help you in anyway that they can. Still love Dr. Bell!  she takes her time to get to know you and to teach you about your disease process and explains all medications she prescribes. She encourages you to ask questions. Other docs in the practice also give the same quality care if my doctor can't see me. Minimal wait times "I love Dr. Mansfield and her nurse Cindy! They made me feel so welcomed on my first visit and they actually CARE. They were very professional  I give this place a solid gold 5-stars.  Great people.  I think I have finally found a doctor and staff I can live with." Dr.Bell is the best pcp I've ever seen. He takes his time with you and explains why it is or is not a particular diagnosis. The only reason I don't want to sing praises for him is because I don't want to make it harder to get in to see him! He's wonderful and I very much appreciate his bedside manners. yS6tXY9skBQ4eLZLQaDlEg  if you are in need of a new Doctor I highly recommend Dr. Riley.  I think they also take most insurances as well!"  when he didn't just tell me I could pick up my prescription at the counter on my way out.  He actually TALKED with me.  He asked questions.  He didn't make a mad dash for the door!  Miraculous!!  And the good news is that this has not changed in all these years.  I don't have insurance His office is small and you can usually get an appointment the same day or next."  competent doctor - I can't imagine going to any other medical practices.  His staff is very nice and really good about working with your schedule to get you in as soon as possible.   I really appreciate all he has done for our family.  And I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great doctor!"  and was turned down. Receptionist said they take one new patient a day and as of 6/14 they are already booked until July. What? No sense of urgency."  the ladies facilitating his office are kind and friendly; and have been very helpful during my past two visits." I have been going to DR. Riley for a couple years and I would recommend him to anyone that wants a doctor that is very handles on. He is always the one that sees you unlike some offices that have PA ect. he always takes time to call me about my lab results. I have always had great service and experience  nothing had been called in.  I followed up and was again told it was called in.  Went to the pharmacy (verified location) and they had received nothing.  I went back a few months later for stomach virus symptoms.  The initial visit and mishap was totally disregarded and not even ""remembered"" for that matter.  I had to pay another visit shortly after because my symptoms were not getting better.  Nothing was done Thank You To Dr Riley and all the staff at Biltmore healthcare!!!" Been seeing Dr Riley for years. He recently moved to Banner Healthcare. I like him. He has called me at home a couple of times to check on me. I was pretty ill but how often have you had that happen?!  He is a great doctor and a compassionate human being. And he loves fly fishing!  great listener and keeps current on medical trends. Very well read and has an incredible bedside manner. I would recommend him to anyone." "Highly recommend Dr. Riley. He's very knowledgeable Dr. Riley himself only kept me waiting for maybe two minutes before opening a dialogue with me. He has an excellent way of communicating symptoms and issues. I'm very glad I decided to go."  competent doctor - I can't imagine going to any other practices.  His staff is very nice and really good about working with your schedule & theirs to get you in as soon as possible.   I really appreciate all he has done for us.  And would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great doctor!" This practice is all about money!!" An unexpected bonus Dr. Wilson and Deborah don't just provide generic specialist referrals either.  They provide exceptional specialist recommendations.  Which I discovered when I had breast cancer and then again when I needed arthroscopic knee surgery."  but would do it by making sure we had the information needed to make sure the proposed choice was a good one with some additional blood tests.  She knew about the medication I wanted to switch to and provided me with well rounded information.  Unlike previous practices This post is probably more about the billing dept Exceptional doctors that are extremely personable and take plenty of time to discuss your issues... Highly recommend Family Practice Specialists!  it's like a credit card annual fee.  This year 2012 it's $60.  I'm not one to pay annual fees at my bank  we still get pretty gnarly notices on bright yellow paper threatening to kick us out of the practice if they're not paid immediately.  Dr. Wyse is the best doctor I have ever had  etc. processing.  Really?  even couldn't be grandfathered in after i complained for being a long standing patient.  he moved from 40th & bell to camelback and i continued to see him.  i didn't ask him for more gas??!!!  i continued to make the much longer trip & nvr complained.  this took the cake.  a drs. office charging an adm fee?  argh! i have since gotten a very nice doctor around the corner i'm happy with but decided since apparently i'm still good enough for their email list and had a yelp link I also want to note that Carmen his Nurse/P.A. Is wonderful and give the same quality service as Dr. Wyse."  including Women's care issues.  Which will turn out to be very convenient in the future. I recommend!" I will finding another Doctor that is not so judgmental. If I were you Our Dr. is great but the administration fee is completely inappropriate.  They charged my wife an annual 49 fee and myself a 49 fee.  We are not going to pay $98 a year to be seen at this facility when they collect our co pay and bill our insurance company.  We will find another provider.  honest and informative.  I am never rushed and he answers all of my questions.  He is a Dr. that takes his time and listens to you.  I highly recommend him."  2/23/2013- I changed Drs because of the admin fee and the office is still trying to charge another ""administration fee"".  Soooo that pretty much means there is a bi-annual admin fee charged.  Was forced to pay the first fee because I was a patient  friendly and helpful staff... Worth the admin fee every day of the week!"  but from the feedback that I get I never have any reservation in recommending Dr. Wyse and his team of doctors and staff to any patient looking for a new PCP that doesn't treat you like a number and takes his/her time to address all your concerns."  EMR and Patient Portal cost.  I'm not sure what Lab they are referring to because every time I have blood drawn they send it off to some place called LabCorp.  Isn't this the cost of doing business?  So should I start deducting a set amount for the employees that work for me for the cost of internet and the payroll system we use?  I don't think so." "Did new sign/graphic install here and the people were very friendly and accessible. The office was busy the day we were there for this install  is not one of them. I find it very arrogant when anyone feels their time is more important than yours."  I've had to contact them several times to have the correctly coded for insurance.  The biggest problem for us was not getting refills on our medication and our medication being held hostage for regular visits every 3 to 4 months whether we are ill or not.  Most people only get 3 sick visits per year with their insurance  you want me to pay $49 a month so you can send me infomercial voicemails to spend more money at your practice?!?!  I am generally a healthy person and maybe visit the doctor once or twice a year.  They already bill my insurance up the wazoo and also charge me a co-pay every visit  intuitive and really takes the time to listen to your complaints.  I really appreciated how much time he took with me.  I've had doctors that took a rushed 5 minuted to ""listen"" to my concerns and then just wrote me a script and sent me on my way.  Dr. Francyk was different.  He looked me in the eye when I spoke to him and I knew he was really hearing me.  He spent quite a bit of time explaining possible treatment options and I finally feel like I have a doctor that cares and knows what he's doing!!!  I've seen a lot of complaints about the admin fee of $49/year....but if I need to pay a small fee to have a great doctor and staff on my side I have been to different doctors in the past and I have to say I am so pleased that I have found Jennifer Francyk P.a. She takes the time to listen and find out what's wrong. You can tell her and the other P.a. and Physicians are passionate about their jobs and they care about their patients. I have had doctors that don't follow up with me and see how I am feeling. But Jennifer cares and she will follow up with me even when she is not at the office. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Jennifer and the people at her office. I promise u wont be disappointed with them and their practice. "This office charges an annual FEE of approximately  $50 to all of their patients.  Insurance companies do not pay the fee.  It is paid by the patient.  Some at this office have tried to compare it to and equating the $50 yearly fee to a ""gym membership"" when it is really nothing but pure Greed.  I also know of one Doctor in this office who has bad mouthed other doctors within the same office.  Wonder if they have any kind of ""code of ethics?""  I highly suggest you find a different medical/doctor's office." She just wasn't pleasant at all and I would never see her again. They also charge an annual fee for having you in their system that isnt covered by insurance. There are so many better practices out there I don't think Ill be going back to this one."  telling me I haven't paid my bill!  I have spoken to the office to no avail. The calls are more like I would think a collection agency would make  I should have too. I won't mention the other doctors I saw because I never had a negative experience with them. Great doctors. I moved to Florida last May and called them in September to have my medical records faxed over. Then they decide to charge me the annual patient fee!? I'm not even a patient anymore and I am being charge for a fax? Very upset that the practice charges a ridiculous fee." This place is garbage and their doctors are garbage too. Two different doctors haven't been able to do anything for me but send me huge bills...thieves. I have read that many patients now use online tools to explore treatments because they don't feel that physicians explain all aspects of treatment. Dr. Tyler Southwell goes above and beyond by explaining the diagnosis  Dr. Southwell. He is the most understanding and kind doctor I think I have ever met. He listens and doesn't judge me for the meds and conditions that I have. He doesn't belittle me because of my age and has honestly changed my life by helping me improve more than i thought possible. My family couldn't be more grateful for what he's done and everyone has seen a difference in my health and emotional well being. The other doctor that is so per sweet and nice is Dr. Wyse. He's kind gentle and understanding and listens to his patients. I only have this place 4 stars because of the other doctors in the practice. I won't give specific names but there are 2 other doctors and a nurse practitioner that I have seen that are rude  ""How is your day?"" or ""How have you been?"" Worst patient treatment. They never seem to keep things on record for the life of them. I came with my mom only for a referral for a skin doctor and have already waited 20 mins to get taken back "worst doctor's office I have ever been too. They let the  answering machine answer calls for days on end and never call back! Left 5 messages. Prescribed me a medicine my insurance doesnt cover and 3 weeks later still have not changed it  as a side note: For those of you who get caught up in the suffix of M.D.'s and D.O.'s please don't. I know the old school way was MD's and there is this prestigious entitlement around MDs 0-KOpYSe9aQTAfM38f47HQ "Dr. Chad Campbell is a star among other family practice physicians. He has a caring nature about him and has a very open communication style.  His nurse is fantastic- very very caring and always a good sense of humor. I have had many doctors previously  that I moved my kids from their pediatrician to him while they were in middle school.  His PA is just as wonderful.  They have take great care of my family."  usually replies same day  ( if it were an emergency I would just call)"  and I am overall very happy with Paradise Valley Family Medicine." Lucky Mesa people to have him." I really like this practice.  Dr. Lindsay was very pleasant and honest with me.  My blood pressure was reading higher than it normally has but I have history of high blood pressure on both sides of my family.  I'm extremely active in CrossFit and eat well so she did not jump to the conclusion of putting me on a high amount of medication.  I liked that she wanted to monitor me by putting me on a different diet.  I'm glad that I went with this practice and I plan on making this primary care.  never makes us wait long to see him and listens. He has a good bedside manner and is extremely intelligent. We have always been pleased with his front office staff Looks like I'll be requesting a copy of my medical records and going elsewhere."  and so I will.  I've got an appointment with a new doctor tomorrow afternoon :-).  Maybe it's nothing.  Maybe it's something  it did prompt me to find another practice - ironically in the same complex - at Grayhawk Medical who have turned out to be great."  his advice on all facets of our health is wise and up-to-date  and gave me a very complete exam.  She was very hands on and wanted to be sure I was comfortable with everything we discussed.  I found her to be compassionate and patient.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Paar at Paradise Valley Family Medicine." "I've been trying to call all day and am getting a busy signal. Is this normal? I'm new to the area and am looking for a physician  both personally and professionally. Their online portal is convenient and easy to use  then Dr Solbel always fits the bill. He recognizes symptom and correctly diagnoses every time and on even very little information. His arrobance is annoying My husband had never had any issues with his care during all those years "Absolutely horrible!!!!! A family member and I were treated hostilely and unprofessionally for their mistakes and discrepancies!!!! His assistant Richard called screamed Highly dislike this office. Dr Taylor rocks and so does Summer Marshall but their office staff and polices/procedures are horrible. I could go into detail about a couple issues but would rather just say stay away. Can't even get records without a $1.00 per page fee. Also if you have a deductible they make you pay up front before they will even process labs at there lab machine in office. Those are just two little examples. I do not recommend this office to anyone. Dr.Taylor was the last straw---now I am GONE. It is getting tough to find good doctors They are all Hispanic and they are wonderful."  I feel like this place deserves one. I am a fairly new patient here and I have to say I'm completely disappointed. Customer service is horrible from the time you walk in to the time you leave. The most disorganized Clinic I've been too. You get called up by a number not even bother saying your name. I was kept waiting in a small hallway before I was even given a room. Not good.  Waited over an hour to be seen. When I finally go the chance to see the doctor I felt like he was in such a rush not really paid attention to my reason for office visit. I needed to come back because he had ordered blood work. When I saw the doctor again he looked completely clueless. He treated me as of I had never been here before did not know my reason for visit again!! Basically just read off the computer things I already knew. I had to tell the doctor what he had prescribed me last time I was here because he did not know! Really he's the one who have it to me. There's so much to say Waited an hour and still didn't see the Dr. Really bad management. I've never seen a doctor office ran this way and I hope to never again. This place doesn't even deserve a start. I had called to make an appointment and still waited over an hours to get seen. Everyone is very rude and after I got up twice to go check when I was going to be see. The receptionist didn't seem to care she went right back to what she was doing and was no help at all. After your taken into a room you still wait there for another 20 min to actually talk to the doc which will only take 10min if that. I don't recommend this place at all they are horrible. This is the last time I go there! Even with an appointment I have waited about 2 hours to be seen.  This place is not professional at all.  The girl at the front desk is very rude (the one with the curly hair that sits on the left) rolled her eyes at me as if I was a bother.  One time I called on a holiday and some guy answered with his music really loud and said the office was closed.  I will be switching Doctors office... I'm scared even to do my blood work there since they don't even wear gloves when taking out your blood.... An inspector should look into this clinic.  I called & was told I would get a call back with the info on Monday. Nothing. I then researched and found a place myself. I was seen there and everything went well. I then set up the surgery. After the successful surgery  and they were there for my mom when before she had to head into surgery. For all their small faults Worst place to receive medical care. Unprofessional individuals that lack of knowledge. I had to wait hour and half after my appt time because the Dr was at lunch according to the assistant. Air conditioning wasnt working in the patient room. Dr. didnt take the time to acknowledge our concerns instead prescribed antibiotic without further examination.  then an intern asked me a few unecessary questions. When I finally did see the doctor he rushed through some questions for about 5 minutes. There business model seems to overbook people and make them wait like cattle. They feel like they can get away with it because most of their patients are Mexicanos who speak English poorly or don't know how to complain. I cancelled my follow up appointment and switched doctors because I don't fee like being treated like a second class citizen. Son una desgracia."  sugar and sodium. Set up an appointment for a physical at 11:20. Arrived 10 minutes early. 2 hours spent waiting and still haven't been called. This place is a joke. Never again." I have to say a lot of the reviews are true as far as the wait but I love my doctor. Dr Alejandro Lopez is wonderful. I have been going here for almost 2 years and despite the inconvenience of the wait I stay. Dr Lopez is caring and spends the time it takes to help me. Everyone at the front desk and elsewhere has always been kind and caring. I believe they do the best they can and try to help as many as they can. It is not always possible to have an appointment when you need medical care. A star is not even necessary.  If you can afford to go see a better doctor Yes it's affordable. But waiting two hrs for very minimal contact w the Doctor seems a lil ridiculous. They told me to call to get my results and now the girl is saying to go pick them up. Pretty unprofessional environment. You'd think they would set an appt so you'd have to wait an hour tops. Wish the doctor wasn't in such a rush to get me out of their it did feel stressful and unpleasant. I'm not happy with them but it's hard to beat the price w no insurance.  they do not pay for LabCorp.  They use Sonora Quest.  I talked to three different agents and they all said the same thing.  They will not pay for LabCorp.  It's clear that the clinic used the wrong lab and now I'm responsible for over $800 in medical bills.  If they used the correct lab But overall Dr Gloria i see is a great doctor ! Worth the hassle" I been going to Dr. Fauer for over 25 years. He is an amazing doctor. He explains things well and takes time with his patients. "Dr. Fauer is in my lifetime - the best doctor I have had.  I've NEVER felt rushed or insignificant.  This is the doctor that you want in your corner when something is wrong because he is like a Sherlock Holmes - he doesn't leave a stone unturned and is extremely thorough.  He is very down to earth.  I walk out feeling like I saw a doctor that ""practices"" exceptionally.  His staff follows up in a timely manor with results as needed." "Every time I come in I wait for more than 15 minutes from my appointment time. I arrive 10 minutes prior to my appointment to see if I get called back early or on time but that never happens. And on top of that I wait another 15-30 minutes. One time I left the room to ask how much longer I had to wait and I saw one of the doctors chatting in the hallway. They are nice doctors but the wait time is horrible. I have tried to go at different times of the day to see if the wait time is less  anyone who knows what it is like to to have to drive to a lab for your doctor knows what I mean. Although I hate going to the doctor I have been very happy with this office Minor annoyances aside  do NOT schedule with Dr. Luis M Irizarry.  He doesn't care about anything but herding cattle in and out the door so he can make as much money as possible in a given day." Dr Rebbelke is the worst doctor ever. Very rude and suggests hippy alternatives. No one goes to doctors for hippy alternatives. Front staff also pushed multiple people in front of me extending my wait to an hour past my appointment time. Why bother having appointments if your walk ins get priority. I have a new born and see Dr Berkowitz. The staff has been great with placing me in an exam room right away so I do not have to wait in the lobby. So far I am very happy here  weight and cholesterol.  Dr. Walter Kmiecik not only required me to schedule a follow up visit in order to get the form completed (two office visits for one form) but he ordered every single blood test imaginable which cost me $400 in lab work not required by my insurance company.  Then Terrible place . Said my issue wasn't an emergency that the Dr . (Dr. Banuelos) Would see a patient. Upfront lady (Tamara) was not caring nor worried about my needs. I don't recommend this place to anyone and I feel sorry for anyone who is seen here !! "I am new to Arizona so my family and I need to find a new doctor. I am so pleased to say the office woman was so patient PS... she said that she was ""not at all concerned about me or my safety"" and was only worried about me blacking out because I might hurt someone else if I black out while driving... even though I told her that I only black out after standing for a long time "Horrible family practice. Dr Shilpa Gujrathi is a terrible physician who ignores your symptoms. You will end up waiting to be seen for nearly an hour and then receive subpar care. My suggestion- find a more reputable family practice. This one is terrible. You'll die if you truly have something that is terminal because they will not care enough to figure out what is wrong with you. Protect yourself  rapid shallow breathing and dehydrated was diagnosed as kidney infection. Sent to ER for rehydration. ER diagnosed significant pneumonia (no kidney or urinary problem) and admitted patient after reviewing blood work." "Wow. Where do I begin? I've been sitting in the waiting room here for AT LEAST 20 minutes and the fact that Ive had so much time to even write this review is ridiculous. the man in front of me just asked what's taking so long for his appointment The doctor never even introduced herself or asked my name.  didn't listen at all.  seemed like she was just reciting from a textbook.  most days the entire staff seems irritable and overburdened. My regular physician S Walter Kmiecik is fantastic and very helpful but beware if you have to do a walk-in to see a random doctor. I was seen by ""Judy Ann Duran"" recently and she was extremely uncaring and tried to get me through the door as quickly as possible. She only looked at my chart and refused to engage in any actual conversation whatsoever. She even responded in a visibly annoyed way when I asked one additional question and stated that I'd have to come back and see my primary doctor before I could even finish my sentence. While I was walking myself out I decided that I'm going to try some place better." 