 most fun and affordable party we've done.  Strawberry pickin' We finished our hay ride and arrived back at the farm and here we were able to pick out our pumpkins and take them home. I really wanted to come back for Christmas but amongst the crazy busy holiday schedule Do yourself and your family a favor and make a drive elsewhere to make some lasting memories for your children."  and my brother worked there years ago.  And we both still shop there.  And isn't that always a good sign?" The bath and body section make me feel euphoric just by walking thru the isle  but thanks to every who just *has* to buy up everything on every shelf and slowing things down considerably for everyone else Maybe I will shop here after all from time to time."  I think they are relatively competitive. You'd be hard pressed to find a sandwich of that size and quality for less than $2.99 in that area."  they have lovely ladies for me to check out while I check out  I can tell produce from produce.  San Jose down to Gilroy has the best fresh produce anywhere to be found.  Sprouts comes in a natural second.  Always great prices I love shopping at sprouts! They always have the freshiest fruits and veggies. The staff is always so friendly! the prices are always great!  we only do fresh & easy sometimes because it is closer."  and I can honestly say I have never left there aggravated with the experience.  And that's something I can't say about many grocery excursions." "Great organic fruits and veggies....very clean store...great customer service....fantastic deli dept....fresh fruits and veggies (non-organic)....and outstanding deals every week. I know some people say it is overpriced a bit and that is true to an extent....but the sales ad that comes every week is a must see and you will always find plenty of affordable items. Eat  they are a good middle store between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods as Sprouts is similar to both of them.  The produce is priced cheaper at Sprouts than most grocery stores and I see the same guys working in the produce most times when I shop there and they are very nice if you are unsure about produce they offer to cut it for you to taste. Like Phyllis K. said they have a good bulk bin selection and the product is fresh Great prices on fruits and veggies...good coffee..decent sandwiches..would be better if they put more meat and charged you a extra dollar or so..because IT FEELS LIKE YOU ARE EATING JUST BREAD!  The toppings are very fresh though!  fresh produce.  You can't beat the weekly deals and the gluten free selection is quite wonderful.  I can shop gluten free and vegetarian for my daughter with ease here." Whenever we are in the area again we will certainly return best produce market for seasonal finds; plus we love the variety of their flavors sausages and brats.  friendly and helpful staff.  but there is no reason to be so rude and have me waiting 30 minutes for a single vegetarian sandwich with only 1 person ahead of me. By the time I got to work my break was over and they had given me the wrong sandwich This past Sunday we had a FUNdraiser for a non-profit which helps bring holistic practitioners to do service globally.  Sprouts donated the beverages for the event called 108 Sun Salutations Challenge.  We are so grateful for the generous donation and support of the mission of Seva Centers and it commencement event! Highly recommend the rotisserie chicken by the way! Probably the best one I have every  had." Also I can't help myself to mention that they offer Scrumptious and simply delicious sandwiches at their deli made to order for just $2.99 each I have been going to Sprouts for years.  The freshest locally grown produce at awesome prices.  Blue chips are a smokin deal when on sale and so is the kefir.  Very helpful staff too. Bottom line: cheaper than Whole Foods I really like the produce and meat at this store.   All the team members are very friendly and helpful. hHE4OHAc8dONTV8QsGLbWg Store is always clean and the service is spectacular. Wednesday is Double Ad Day where the weekly specials crossover. It can get pretty crowded. Conveniently located in the same parking lot as In & Out. See you there next time!" I live a few blocks away but maybe its time to take the drive to Whole foods  beef and even lamb.  I also love the selection of fish and sausages in the cold case.  Sprouts is also one of the only places where I know you can buy coconut creamer for your coffee." I love going grocery shopping here. The people there are so nice and always helpful. If you want to buy organic produce and receive great smiles while doing it this is the place to go. Parking is atrocious and its an accident waiting to happen.  The store is older and always under construction and the staff definitely sometimes seems a bit snippy with all the people pulling them in 100 different directions So much love for Sprouts." "I just visited sprouts for the first time yesterday and I LOVED it! Everything is so fresh I had to upgrade Sprouts today to 5 star status because the customer service.....unlike other stores I visit......has continued to get better year after year. The wife and I were at the store today and with the Temps outside at an eye popping 112 degrees we wanted to make sure to keep our groceries cold as we traveled home. Well as we were checking out the young lady ask if we wanted a bag of ice to put in our cooler bag. I was like WAIT honey and my wife was like it's okay they have little bags of ice that they give you for free to keep you food cold. The young lady put the little bag of ice in our cooler bag and  I was totally floored. I told my wife soon as I got home I was updating my review.....congrats sprouts and keep up the good work. p_pAk_vQQ4A0kduhTiDLjw This place is crazy busy this morning when I visited.  I was only there to purchase their gift card as there's a sign on the window when I walked in.  I usually shop there at least once a week for their fresh produces and some booze to go with it.  Their cashiers are friendly and knowledgeable and can answer your questions right away.  Definitely coming back again for their great service and great location just across the streets from Paradise Valley Mall.  everyone. I'm always asked if I need help and the ppl that work in the soap and supplement area really know what they are talking about it seems. I just like this store. Alot." "Since moving to the Valley  this Sprouts has become my go to grocery store and I live very close to several other major grocery stores. I am never disappointed with the quality of their produce. I am very happy with the mini revovations that were done recently "You want fresh? You want healthy? You want great sales?!  THIS is the place!  After being ripped off by the chain grocery stores You also can't beat their butcher block either.  The selection of sausages and pre made and stuffed chicken breasts is always a great option for dinner and the prices are always really competitive." They have really good cheap sandwiches for lunch "Love this Sprouts! It is always clean and the employees are always very helpful. One of the things I noticed is that sometimes the fruits and vegetables are mixed up between made in the USA or made in Mexico so you have to kinda dig around for the difference in the same bin. The best part of Sprouts is the produce  prepared dinners (which I've been tempted to try) are also available.  I stopped by one day to pick up meat. There was no attendant present at the counter.  A manager walked up and asked if I had been helped. I stated the obvious.  He went behind the counter  they have great prices and awesome sales! Our 20 month old son loves going here too." Great store. I'm here probably 2-3 times a week. I never have to wait more than just a minute to get checked out even on Double Ad Wednesdays. I'd like a little more variety in the pre-made meals and meat section especially the house-made sausages but it's not bad. The produce section is usually a bit insane but at least we're all eating our fruits and veggies!  twice (in two weeks) we picked items up because they were on sale. Got home and noticed that the sale price wasn't reflected on the receipt. When we called the store we were told that sometimes the computer makes mistakes. So now every time I shop there I have to check my receipt at the end before driving off. Very annoying and tedious." I regularly joke around with the cashiers. It's great here. If you're in the neighborhood "Absolutely love Sprouts! Especially when I have gift cards to use there. Always find what I need here: produce  they have really fresh produce and are not nearly as pricey as Whole Foods. I'm here every week."  and I don't think they care. 2. The milk we just bought says expires in February and this morning we opened it and it was rancid. 3. Last time I left I walked past 4 employees sitting in the truck in the front row all smoking. It was a cloud of smoke in the front row of a packed parking lot. I assumed employees had to park further. I even have stock in sprouts bc I always believe invest in what you like. At this point I'd rather pay more at whole foods." Love the products however there are never enough staff working for how busy this location gets. You stand in line for 20 minutes then proceed to have your groceries tossed into a bag by one of their employees with complete disregard for the items you just purchased. You end up going home with smashed produce and other damaged items... Let us bag our own items or please teach the staff how to not put fresh tomatoes at the bottom of a bag under canned goods. "Everything you need from soup to suds at great prices.  Organics and bakery fresh fruits and veggies   Shop til you drop  not a bad stop for a quick lunch."  but the quality is still high.  Unfortunately that can't be said for everything in the entire store...  If you plan on buying anything boxed or packaged This is a great store and could become an excellent store with modifications to the bulk foods and spices and dumping bad attitude employees." Awesome employees. The parking lot is a little crazy at this location but it's not unbearable." Update: met the boy. He no longer works there." Love this store.  It's always clean and easy to navigate.  Prices are good.  Staff are awesome and their produce quality is excellent.  Some of the top items are their fish and meat.  They get high quality meat and fish for a reasonable price - including grass-fed beef...  which is hard to find.  What's not to love?  i got home to cook it and thats how looks like underneath and smells really bad . The expired day in 2 days  it would be great for there not to be lines from the front of the store to the back of the store. If you need to pick up an item quickly  I feel like Sprouts is growing too fast and it's having a hard time keeping up with produce and meats.  I can count on one hand when I go for sale items and they have ran out. But that happens everywhere so I'm not butt hurt. Just one word of caution I always go to sprouts for their salad bar. so yummy. I buy veggies there a lot when I realize they have better sales then other grocery stores and selection. I just realized their vitamin and health area is amazing. I have found some really good stuff I love there and I have never seen before. The cashiers are always quick and friendly. "Usually a good place to shop PROVIDED you are careful about your choices.   We have repeatedly found that their fresh fruit simply isn't so fresh.  It seems to go bad very quickly Awesome store. Has lots of deals every week and a great selection of organic produce and natural in the fridge sprouted breads. The customer service is great and they're very helpful. One star came off of my review since they had no organic bananas :( "Was starting to lose hope for Sprouts but the staff are much friendlier at the Tatum & Shea location. Todd was fast Very friendly and helpful. Produce is in good condition. They have a good variety of vegetarian/vegan food. 