 and even let me know about a sale going on.  The selection and quality of shoes is wonderful.  You won't get cheap shoes here but you will get the best. Worth every cent." Located at the Waterfront parking can be a bit difficult but there is usually ample parking in the back of the complex." CONS: Traffic to the store (one lane) got pretty congested. Wouldn't give me a coupon that I had forgotten at home but that's not a big deal." "I head straight back to the clearance! That's where you'll find the best deals. You will be able to see your savings when you check out because it's calculated on your receipt. Im a huge proponent of going after summer and winter seasons to stock up for next year - boots "I have no idea why I've lived close to this DSW for nearly a year and had never shopped here before! This week Keep up the good work - and the great assortment - and I'll be back often!"  my shoe collection has no room for additional pairs - but once things clear up a bit I will say that their return exchange policy is reasonable .  there is that ." "This is a fun shoe store in a great neighborhood. Prices are reasonable. The selection is great  just pass right by Ten Toes and don't give them the satisfaction of taking your money for shoes that you won't be able to wear :(" Make sure to stop in and say hi to them next time you are in Shadyside." Really?! Wouldn't you want the sale? Try to at least offer to order the shoe I was interested in for me which would make me want to visit this store again and give them future business? I know it's a hassle to special order things and running the risk of a customer not purchasing the item. I hate to compare business's but I know Little's in Squirrel Hill does it  he simply added some padding and the shoe fit just right. I am glad I discovered this place  pointed me in the direction of the perfect pair of reasonably priced shoes and I was off :)" If you have not tried this place out I would highly recommend it." yp4Erq_kG7Zi6Bssc07Oxg "This store is limited to a certain type of shoe... I think maybe some people would call them ""cute."" I was looking for something more functional and a little cooler (casual sneakers) and they definitely don't carry those here. Lots of ""cute"" boots and heels if you're looking for just that." "This place is just fantastic.  Not only do they have an amazingly cute and unique selection but the service is the best I've ever experienced.  I have gone in there with a dress I need shoes for or even just a picture of a dress and they manage to find me the perfect shoe.  They consider every aspect of the shoe buying process and I find myself looking forward to special events  they have a wide selection.  I bought WANTED brand boys and they're so comfortable!  I walked the rest of walnut street in them!  Thanks guys!" I live out of town but will shop here whenever I am in the burgh."  so finding them here at Ten Toes was a great surprise. They are inexpensive but seem well made for the price. I ended up purchasing two pairs - embroidered pointed-toe flats and wedge cage sandals - that are both the Restricted brand. My SIL's experience wasn't quite as positive as she felt one of the owners was a little overbearing. She is a private person and likes to shop on her own without a lot of questions. However  I was immediately curious. I found myself in a hallway lobby with stairs to the different levels and apparel sections. I had literal Dj vu to the last Banana I had stepped into: the Soho- NYC location. Just like in soho I definitely will be back."  it's usually expensif. But keep an eye out for the sales; they always seem to have something on offer in-store or online. This store has a pretty decent selection and friendly service. I can usually find what I want in my size. It's BR - you get good quality  and I absolutely love the Abby flats. They are extremely comfortable while still being stylish. They get new colors seasonally "This review is a bit biased because the only reason I walked in here was because I had a gift card. This store really isn't my thing: it's way too upscale and expensive  I had a great time shopping here with my husband on Saturday! We shopped on all 3 floors and received multiple offers for assistance. My husband was the focus of the trip  big multi-story Banana with a friendly staff and great selection. Also we totes saw Ygritte from Game of Thrones aka actress Rose Leslie! We played it cool but kept saying ""Jon Snow"" once we parted ways."  pick out 3 tops that were really nice when they were clearly really busy and they got me a dressing room within seconds upstairs in the mens department. The staff was really helpful and accommodating when I asked if they had a different size. I will certainly be back for some more clothes."  this is a good shop for concert attire. I also bought my winter coat and two leather bags- one was a gift- and several tops and jeans on sale. I can say that I have never paid full price on anything. There are sales every week and you can get email notifications."  if you're into what BR has to offer and you're in the city I also like the staff that work in this particular store.  They are helpful PS - their shoes are actually extremely cute but overlooked - take a look!"  but they do piercings too.  Like the kind you can't go to the mall to get.  I've never actually gotten pierced here but I've heard they do a very good job."  twenty dollars for everything all day long.  The good thing about this place is that they carry Serial Killer shirts and I love 'em.  They feature movies like Taxi Driver and Pulp Fiction.  Even though they have false advertisement outside the store  with the Red Door and Adam and Eve right around the corner. It's a great place to go with girlfriends!"  clean adult store open 24 hours.  They have a gigantic collection of the typical dildos and videos.  They also have ""viewing booths"" and the staff is friendly.  However they don't have a big selection of anything else you may be looking for.  No Kama Sutra products This place would be better -- and I'm sure they would make more money -- if they got rid of the video booths completely and filled the place with a deeper variety of toys and quality smut."  I came home for winter break from my freshman year of college. I met up with some of my friends and we went to RLN out of boredom. (We went to high school only a couple blocks away so we were well aware it existed and was open 24 7). We were shocked to find our Vice Principal (and father of a student we graduated in the same class with) perusing the dirty mags. It was extra Maybe one of these days we'll see what it looks like on the inside... if it's not still closed for inventory."  but I have heard some crazy stories about this particular one. It didn't seem well monitored. I really hate the selection here and the prices are higher than other's. They seemed to have more fetish stuff than Selective though. So I guess there's that. Overall I'd suggest staying away I was very pleased with the service I got in a 'self serve' store.  I thought their prices and selection was very good.  We will be back  I have googled the style and color before purchasing numerous pair of shoes to find the price I'd pay on Amazon is comparable. This fact combined with the buy one get one 1 2 off deal that is running all the time has made me a loyal customer!"  and they don't treat like a loser because you don't have a $1000 bike. We've bought three bikes from them and traded in two old ones - getting a good price for each. Awesome small shop - really recommend it."  stay away from this shop! He didn't need to treat me with such disregard. They don't deserve your money. Stay away and tell your friends to not support this shop." Good local shop.  I haven't experienced any racism like jayson and can safely say after LONG conversations with a very interesting owner that they are NOT a racist bike shop.  Madison maybe a bit on the hyper-sensitive side when pulling the race card.  it most likely didn't happen and if it did you deserved it.  You expect too much in life and you give NOTHING in return.  You suck for coming on this page and talking trash about the best local sporting store around.  Go shop at a Big Box store where they don't care about you and you can claim all white people are racists all day long.  Dick head!"  with used and new options. Reserving books online was definitely a time saver. It has a year round t-shirt deal  but lately I am so far from a fan. I'm now an off campus grad student and I ordered a textbook for class in plenty of time which they decided to not ship because they assumed I would want to pick it up...umm hello check the adress! So I got the book super late and was unable to be prepared for class which My recommendation: email your professors before the semester starts to ask what books you'll need.  Order the books on Amazon or eBay." But cheap when they sell means cheap when they buy back..."  which is something you definitely notice the few days before each semester starts when EVERYONE's buying their textbooks.  Despite the super long looking lines  but not as nice as IBE. I recommend buying online from Amazon Prime or abebooks.com first. I also suggest students use the rewards card TIS offers to gain an addition 10% buyback rate from the standard 55%." "I wish I could give 0 stars. Two days ago I purchased an iClicker here for $57.50 including tax. This afternoon I attempted to return the unopened product with the original receipt. I was told they could offer me $19.00 for it  and fantastic service. I got everything I needed quickly and efficiently and with interesting conversation." Great service. My husband found the shoes he was looking for. The sales associate was funny and interactive. We will be back. After leaving empty handed from many shoe stores I was sooooo happy to find a place where the staff really wanted to help you and have fun in the process.  Can't say enough good about Cody and his team.  My grand daughter loved her shoes and would not take them off.  She said she looked like a fashion girl:) "I agree with the previous review by Samantha regarding the service. There are guys who will flat out ignore you and some that will really go out of their way. I purchased my fairly high dollar Kona from them a couple years ago and have been happy with the way they treated me since. Jorge comes across extremely gruff  the prices are comparable.  What you are really paying for is knowledge and service.  The service sucks at the pig.  Buy your bike else where  found out about a local bmx/bike concrete park in the area. Definitely headed there straight after."  and reminded me why it is almost always worth it to seek out small "Rock on Slippery Pig.  I  bought bike for my daughter and within a week  she got a flat.  She was crushed.  It was on a Saturday and I had heard about the Slippery Pig so I took  the bike up there.  The store was busy 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q  some might say they deserve 4 because I am being too tough. I am pretty easy going and patient and the fact that I am still left with a bike that needs adjustment after dropping $70  I want help. The help I got came of as condescending and I left the store with a bad taste in my mouth about coming back. Hope others have a better experience!"  or they are incompetent. I think a little of both are involved. Because of this  as that is when they move into the new place next door to Lux coffee shop on Central Avenue. you should get in there if you need lights or bike pumps  I was told the back wheel was not true.  It was true for the whole short week since I purchased it from Walmart.  I plan to take it to their competitor (Landis) and pay the extra $15-$25) to have the wheel put back to the straight condition it was in when I brought it to Slippery Pig in the first place.   I would never give a shop another penny for an extra service I should never have needed on a brand new bike which coasted perfectly when I brought it in." Definitely recommend them as friendly  etc. Eric even took the time to give me a mini lesson on how to fix a flat/replace a tube and how to adjust the clips on my shoes (after he took the time to secure them in for me in the first place). This was not because his bike shop was quiet and there wasn't any other work to do...this is because that is just the kind of guy he is and the type of bike shop he runs. You might have to wait a while to get help when its busy but they're gonna take good care of you when they do. The guys are a laid back group who love to shoot the shit and talk about bikes  I think I'll bring my bike here for parts and service in the future.  It's closer to my house "I've tried so hard after countless opportunities that you guys had just to be an acceptable go to bike shop...you've failed just about every time.  Horrible customer service countless times  which is really a plus in my book;  expect dogs to sniff your butt and lick your legs (...and more)...while you browse.  Eli and his his Cally are adorable...." Good selection for store size." I had a very expensive and painful lesson in buying mountain bikes.  Don't go to the slippery pigs  aka ""Fat Bike""...  They ""had one that  needed to be built.""  I said: ""Build it and I will come.""  I rode out of there a couple of hours later with the coolest bike I have ever owned.  The staff was totally hip and cool and GREAT and communicating and relating to my needs as a cyclist. I would not go anywhere else.  Do yourself a favor and buy your next bike at  the Slippery Pig."  these people really do have a cool thing going on.  Patronize this place; I doubt you'll regret it." I'll reserve a fifth star for when I either buy a bike or get some more substantial service here. In the meantime 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q Could it be the client service was directly related to my relationship with the staff.  You decide.  Could I have saved more buying on-line?  Sure.  But if you're in the mtb scene it's all about community.  I know the folks at Flat Tire These guys really know their stuff. I really enjoy visiting about bikes and it seems that they do too. They are always willing to offer suggestions as well as give me what I want even if it strays from their suggestions. The owner and sporting professionals that work here are some of the best in the valley. bb.  because your man with the beard right behind you set it up like this a few weeks ago." I'm a slippery pig customer for life!"  one of the techs was cooking some up in the back. So I showed him my ink and he offered me a piece. They did an initial inspection of my bike and told me it would be done by Wednesday. Unfortunately  and always a job well done. Even if it's as simple as a flat tire or a broken chain."  the guy that helped us out said to bring it back tomorrow and they would fix it.  Yikes.  But once we explained that we would be riding the bikes home he let us bring it back in and they quickly tightened the chain.  No problems since!"  great shop and tons of accessories/parts for no matter what you ride. I was very impressed and I plan on going back regularly. I moved to Phx from Tempe and was worried about ho would be my new bike shop."  and they organize night rides which are funnnn." This shop is located close to my house and Eric and Eli are hilarious and also know a thing or two about bikes. They also do a great job of supporting the riding community. I have been to slippery pig a half a dozen times in the last few months since moving in nearby. I have nothing but great things to say about the shop. They are friendly and courteous and I haven't experienced any of that bike snobbery that comes with LBS. I am glad I found a local shop with great service I am a fan and I will be back for all my bike needs." 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q Love this place great staff good prices  the staff is there to answer questions love my local businesses  Landis and PHX Bike. Neither one of these places hold a candle to Slippery Pig. You're greeted before the door even swings shut behind you. Everyone is SUPER nice and knowledgeable. Service is always quick. They even go above and beyond what you ask them to do. My most recent trip brought me in to fix a flat on my beach cruiser. I left it there The second time I came into this shop was because I needed my fox rear shop sent in for warranty work. I gave him the shock and it was sent in to fox. I was told there would be a 10 day turn around to get it fixed and back at the shop ready for pickup. Fox called the shop and told them my shock was no longer available. I was originally told that it would cost $100 to get it fixed with the warranty through fox. After fox called the shop and told them they didn't have my shock any more  or asked if I had any questions about the bikes. They just completely and outright ignored me like I wasn't there. Don't suggest going there if you're a woman because a guy walked in behind me and he was helped right away. If I could give 0 stars I would."  shame on me.  Ignore me three times I'd gladly recommend anybody here and as far as I'm concerned this is the best bike shop in Cen_Pho."  these guys really impressed me with their friendliness and willingness to find out what I wanted to do with a bike. One bike shop I went into just looked at me and pointed out a cruiser  I don't recommend this place."  and were laid back and courteous.  I love that my cruiser feels like new again.  Thanks guys!!  Because of that great experience I brought a newly purchased single gear bike here to have a new saddle installed.  The nice gentleman helping noticed the stripped hex bolt on the seat post and replaced it First ride went well. I will be back to support the shop"  trustworthy and fun to be in. I found a bike home at Slippery Pig. Not only did they beat every shops price on the brand new this year model women's specific Amira but they did a professional fit free of charge!!! That's unheard of. My first 100 mile tune up was also free. I've been back in the shop just to hang out "I have been there several times over the last month since I started biking more. The community is great and they go out of their way to try to get you what you need. Even if you're not a big time cycler He then asked me for an astronomical price for something that should cost very little. I asked what the problem was and he said that this is the special light weight product and that I would probably rather have the standard issue. This was unknown to me and more complicated because prices were not given for these items. He then walked me back and helped me find exactly what I was looking for. I paid and was on my way knowing I would never return to this shop."  brakes readjusted (overfilled) and a brand new chain because the chain was a link too short causing shift issues."  and they went above and beyond what any shop has ever done for me.  I am a loyal customer and will recommend this place to riders of all levels." These guys are great and super helpful!  I am just starting to get into biking and they were very helpful with everything.  They even assembled my bike rack and put it on my xterra for me and showed me how to strap my bike in.  I will be bring friends and family back to shop for their bikes here too! "Terrific service.  Was having problems changing out pedals; took it in late on a Saturday and they changed them out right away "I bought my sister a beach cruiser for xmas and didn't have the tools to finish putting it together .  I took it to The Slippery Pig and they offered me assistance almost immediately.   They were knowledgable "Every time I've come in someone helped me immediately  friendly and knowledgeable. Great selection of quality bikes and accessories too! Eric  and the service was once again impeccable! I cannot rave enough about this shop. Yes they get busy and may not be able to get right to you but be patient as they are very knowledgeable and will never make you feel rushed or ignorant. If your in central Phoenix  but this error has had a major impact on our trip. We are now in Mexico with an ineffective tire. They could have at least offered some sort of discount  I've had to frequent this shop for many different bike needs related to bike theft (Oh A solid experience at the Pig..not sure why its called that but I bought two bikes and was given a host of info and prompt service. I felt like these guys care enough to take care of you after the purchase. Also they were understanding of my beginner needs without making me feel stupid - My neighbor recommended these guys and they didn't disappoint. From my first call the five star service began. I traveled from Chicago to do a Triathlon with some friends. I didn't want the expense or the hassle of shipping my bicycle so I called Slippery Pig on a friends recommendation. I was able to rent a great bike for the event and they bent over backwards to make sure I had everything I needed. The selection of bicycles in inventory was vast and they are really knowledgable. Make sure to stop in!  very poor!!! We bought a bike on Saturday and we had a flat on Tuesday and we were mislead by their salesperson. She said that if we had a flat with in a couple of days of purchase that it would be complimentary to fix.  Not so!!!  We spoke with the owner Eric and he said that was not true.  He mention that he would talk with his sales person.  Eric did not charge us labor to fix the flat just charge to replace the tube.  I would give them no stars but the tech did upgrade the tubing for the standard tubing rate.  If you don't care about customer service or do not care about being mislead then this is the bike shop for you.  However  but now they have a customer - for the future - and I just e-mailed them about renting a bike later in the summer. It is also right across the street fom the light rail I wish I had recorded my experience." I seriously could not recommend this place any higher.  Places like THIS are why you go to the LBS over a big box store." 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q  but Slippery Pig is not that place. The staff are helpful to beginners and still can handle the finicky experts. Regular customers are treated like family!" Great prices. Owner is awesome. Manager is soso. .  Thanks guys for the three new bikes.  and beat his black lab on the sidewalk. Animal abuse is inexcusable behavior. I certainly will not patronize this place again." My advice to management is to keep Employee Mike in the back where he can safely change flat tires These guys are great!!! Eric is great and very easy to work with. I drove by about 6 bike shops to buy my new 6Fattie (Orange) and it was well worth it. I will use them for all of my ongoing bike needs. I highly recommend this casual bike shop that loves mountain bikes. You just want to hang out there all day! This is a little piece of bicycle heaven! Another Yelp score! The guys in the shop greeted me with a smile. They knew exactly what I needed and took care of me quickly. I was really impressed by the service! Came in to have a bike serviced that I had purchased online. Staff was friendly and got the bike running in great condition. Prompt and courteous.  unknowingly they only sold mountain bikes. Tried asking questions to get more information and refused to help."  but glad I did and being very close to home is a plus for my services. Thanks gents!" Lacks customer service and help when shop is busy." "I got to give this location ""5"" stars. Every time I visit I am always greeted the moment I walk through the door. Plus everyone is always so helpful. I stopped by yesterday real quick to grab some shoe insoles. The gentleman who greeted me was very nice. He got me in and out very quick and thanked me for coming in. I am always impressed with this location. By the way this store is always so neat and clean. It sure does ""pay more to payless!"""  I agree with Alicia.  I always receive friendly and genuine service at this Payless.  The employees are very kind hearted and seem to enjoy thier jobs." They are holding up better than her Stride Rite shoes  etc. I bought a pair of high heels for work that are a nude color and they are the most comfortable high heel shoe that I own. Plus you can't beat the prices! Friendly staff too!" Walked into the empty store where there were three employees working and only one greeted us. When customer service is everything this store is nothing! Wish I would have gotten their names.  and call me whenever something potentially to my liking comes into the store. Highly recommended." Thanks Tom and Allen Edmonds!" A few weeks ago a woman told me that Famous Footwear is great about returns even without a receipt. I crossed my fingers and took his shoes in to exchange them for a new pair. I was pleasantly surprised when they exchanged the shoes for me without a fuss or dirty look. I really appreciated the understanding given to my situation and the smooth process of exchanging the defective shoes." I went into the store today and 2 girls were chatting with a customer/friend at the front door. They didn't look at me or acknowledged the fact that I walked in. I wondered around the store looking and tried so shoes on and decided to wait until the customer left to see if they would say hello. Well...the customer left and they continued to stay up front talking. They never once acknowledged me. I proceeded to walk out of the store and they didn't even look at me or say bye. It was the worst service I have had in a long time. I could have taken the entire store and these 2 wouldn't have known. Very very poor service. I feel bad for whoever is paying them. Great customer service last night I can't remember her name darn it but she was so patient I downloaded the app and all for the additional discount coming back for my daughters shoes for school tomorrow . Went to get boots for my daughter who is size 11. I wasn't very optimistic I would find a pair on x-mass eve in her size. But I did! Super cute! They had 3-4 to choose from that were in her size! I'm amazed and I was literally out of there in less than 10 min!!!! The sales team was very attentive and helped me find the perfect pair of boots for my girlfriend. Even offered me some water. Nice touch. Found a better deal than the Cole Haans in Macy's. Always a plus. I will be back again."  and top quality shoes I'd be lying if I didn't admit to spending far more time and money at this particular location than I should.  From the Lunargrands to the reflectives and from Wingtips to loafers there is something to be said for any brand that makes shoes that fit with such uniformity and for someone who spends the better part of twelve hours a day on his feet either running or in a professional setting the transferability of CH to Nike is something that cannot and should not be overlooked."  they can always look up your purchase history under your name!  It also makes ordering shoes easier- if they don't have your color or size don't be afraid to ask if they can check to see if they can order it for you.  They're all friendly and happy to help  because the shoe selection is nice but the sales pitch is just too pushy. I left with out buying the shoes I wanted because I just wanted them to let me shop in peace."  I wrote to Cole Haan for a replacement. All they could offer me was a 30% discount off of my next purchase. Pretty poor customer service in my opinion. I really thought Cole Haan quality was superior and that stye would stand behind their products if something went wrong. Turns out I was wrong. Others need to consider this before paying a premium to purchase Cole Haan products."  but I am sure it will not be my last.  I may even look back one day and say that this is when my shoe fetish began.  And it's all thanks to Cindy  how are you? How can I help you?"". There was literally no one else in the store. We wandered a bit while my boyfriend looked at styles he liked and I picked a few as well. We settled on a couple we both liked and asked for my size. She said she didn't have either. I have a larger foot so I expected some difficulty Always  been very helpful shopping at this store.  I had bought several pairs two years ago at the sale to support Phoenix Children's hospital. And continue to buy them today. "Cave Creek between Cortez and Cactus is a great place for antique hounds.  There is a plaza filled with antique malls from one end to the other.  The largest of the shops is ""Everything Goes."" It occupies 3 storefronts on the south end of the plaza.  Like a lot of other shops  but good stuff for your home I'd highly recommend it.  Very friendly owner and staff.  Keep your eyes peeled and you'll find great stuff!" -What happened to the antiques and vintage stuff? I saw MORE modern day stuff than old stuff. Wasn" I highly recommend this place is you are looking for treasures! :)" I love shopping at Everything Goes!! The people  are very friendly and willing to help you find just the right thing for your house:) They have a wonderful selection of vintage furniture and just the right decorating pieces! I couldn't fit a piece of furniture in my car and they were nice enough to deliver it to my house. "Very fun little vintage shop.  You never know what you will find here.  There are quite a few vendors who bring in a wide range of merchandise.  I have purchased a beautiful antique console "I have been going to this store for years and its one of my favorite places to go.  There is always and eclectic array of furniture  most vendors have excellent prices. Lots of fun shops in this little strip mall. This will be my go-to location from now on!" In the past I've gotten glassware and a Kimble painting- very reasonably priced!!"  the staff is so friendly and nice but not in an annoying paid-on-commission-way- but in a we-love-our-store-and-what-we-sell kind of way. This place is nestled within a few antique stores but Everything Goes is by far the best. It can be overwhelming since there is a lot of stuff but try to focus on one thing at a time. Also Love this place and always find something to bring home. The people here are the friendliest and most helpful salespeople around. They know where everything is and dig out stuff from the back if they think they can help you. Love the selection and the prices too. My daughter and I went shopping for a dresser for her room on Saturday and found a dresser at a furniture store on Bell road but it was all scratched up and I told her we could shop again on Sunday. Then I thought to look it up on yelp and this place came up. It's a very cute store on cave Creek Road. It had alot of antique stuff. My daughter found a real az style dresser for $95 plus tax. The owner was so helpful and very fast in getting the dresser ready for me to load it in my SUV.We did this in a matter of 20 minutes. I would recommend this place to everyone that is starting out and moving out for the first time.  but too big. Will definitely go back again. Prices within budget  then don't take in small items.  Perhaps spending ""money"" and investing in some sort of security tag protection would be a far better choice than losing customers you've made feel uncomfortable.  I guarantee you've lost ALOT of business simply by the way you make others feel following them around.  It's just not a nice thing to do to someone!  Other than that "This is fun to wander around and follows the model of having cubbies that folks rent to sell their wares.  That means you'll find an endless of amount of anything and everything.  If you're into vintage/retro What a wonderful shop!  The owners and their staff were welcoming and helpful!  So many cute and well priced items!  I will definitely be going back to find more treasures!  GET THERE! Browse a little and see what's there. Merchandise changes and they close the stores to prepare for the next BIG shipment of stuff. Check out their website and look for closing dates. There are special clearance sales when you get an additional discount off the already clearance priced items which are already discounted from regular retail prices." "I was extremely underwhelmed with Tuesday Morning. The commercial with Lauren Bacall is classy "They always have something interesting there.  I have found several great pots and pans and other cooking things.  They also have a good selection of cookbooks.  They also often have cheaper prices than Amazon!  Every time I go they have new things.  One thing  good sales. If they don't have your size they will mail them to you at no additional charge" Great selection of shoes and good sales. I bought these shoes and the bottoms were really dirty from the sales floor. The woman working there was helpful and nice Now I am stuck with a store credit for a store that I won't go to again!" The staff is very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about skiing. Considering we're in Phoenix  I wish they had a bigger selection of larger-size men's gloves. It took a few minutes to dig out a pair of XLs that I liked. Most of the gloves were in the S to M size range. Looked like they had a good selection of skis/boots/etc... Staff was very friendly and helpful."  nice tune & wax.  Been coming here for a few years." I get my skis worked on here regularly.  They do a great job and always friendly and helpful.   My buddy bought some boots and took them back a couple times for fitting adjustments (normal when you get good boots) and they worked with him until they were perfect.  Quality shop for sure.  once I ride these I will be in a good position to make a decision on which skis I want to buy  so I know good advice when I hear it -- and I appreciate it when the salesman convinces me NOT to spend more money than I need to. (Bonus points for spending so much time with my feet on a 90-degree day... patience of a saint.) Best of all super nice guys and very helpful. nice shop too with tons of options  they knew what they were talking about (which is great because I did not) and they were nice guys. I'd happily spend my money here any day. Thanks This place is a far cry from what it used to be. It used to be a lot bigger with much more selection. I walked in and the store looked half empty. The selection was dreadful. A few things here and there but nothing really like the other shops in town. I mean I know it's Phoenix but there are much better choices out there. Save yourself a trip and go to ski pro.  even if it's just to buy a pair of snowboarding socks and say hi to these guys. They treat you like family. I highly recommend them."  so you kinda have to trust my opinion."  feel a little goth or emo now and then or just want to find a cool band concert shirt so they'll be hip with the ladies - this isn't an all bad place to go."  and then I think I don't want a shirt with some 80's character on it! Most of all I just find emo/goth types who are always running ramped in there to be overwhelming. I feel more fake shopping in there  everyone deserves to have a place to shop. This serve the purpose for those people. Gotta give them props. They have excellent customer service and are willing to go out of their way to help you find something even at other stores."  as I only go her with my teenage daughters as that is the clientele they are geared towards.  My daughters however enjoy shopping here "The Paradise Valley location has extremely disappointing service ! My daughter was very excited to shop at Hot Topic with her Christmas gift card. When she walked up to pay the evening cashier on 12/26/13 didn't run the gift card appropriately and told my daughter she didn't have any money on the card. I asked him to call the number on the back to help us out and he said he couldn't because there we too many customers  Black veil Brides to Iron Maiden - this is just a fun place.  Not for everyone I understand - the employees are usually very nice and helpful and darkly colorful.  You can be sure they will have a box of bacon & cheese Crickets on hand and some older favorites like Razzles."  they have even more movie/show related merchandise. My Little Pony - check. Adventure Time - check. DC/Marvel - check. Miscellaneous anime - check. Supernatural - check! (There are tons more I work here and I'm awesome so come see me! "I am a top heavy young woman and was reffered to this store for bathing suits. The girl who worked there was knowledgeable and helpful. There was only one suit I was interested in trying on. Unfortunatly  I arrived in Miami and it was time to hit the beach.  I put on my new suit.  It looked nothing like it did in the dressing room!  The bottom was WAY too loose!  What the heck!  The lighting must REALLY be off in that store I thought.  NOPE!  I looked at the label and the lady put a size 16 bottom in the bag instead of at size 10!!!!!!  Due to the personal nature of the product I cannot return it.  I am screwed.  AND  and am very happy with the fit and the price. The manager has a lot of skill and experience in fitting customers. I will definitely be back I went to a Everything But Water for the dreaded bathing suit shopping. Long are the days when every bathing suit fit me perfect  The sales lady was AWESOME. Explained how much swimsuits vary in size depending on the brand. Asked what my concerns were. Grabbed three suits that met those concerns. I left happy and ready for the beach. They have a return customer for sure! 