 and I've come to take terrible service is their MO."  and the occasional mistake. But I have yet to have a decent experience at this store. It will remain a place I avoid unless someone in my party needs to avoid illness from low blood sugar. Perhaps I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak n Shake instead!"  this was one of my better experiences there..."  cover the side of your face and just keep driving.  There's nothing to see here."  always screws up my orders. poor customer service. was going to hire me but said I had to go somewhere else to do my orientation." Service was a bit slow but the food was just what you would expect from McDonalds!  Everyone was very friendly and the bathroom was clean...which made my 5 year old very happy! "Best McDonald's I have been to! Everyone is so sweet and friendly! The drive through line was long but i got theough super fast. There were even napkins in the bag (which never even happens.) It wasnt always that good  but last night they reached an all time low. I ordered a big Mac and large fries. It was obvious that the fries were old and they refried them to heat them up. The bun of the big Mac was so stale Worst mcdonalds i have ever been to. Last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked. People were getting refunds wait time was so long. My daughter asked for gogurt w happy meal got apples had to wait 10 min to change to gogurt. Soda is watered down and gross. Rude staff doesnt know what they are doing. Will never go back even though its the closest one to me.  only frowns all around and not very clean. Just skip this one and you will be better off." 6ilJq_05xRgek_8qUp36-g  open 24 7 with hot shoe string fries and creative milkshakes. What else do you want in life??" PS. The whole joint smells like major B.O."  so I told her to cancel it and walked out. Now I see that others on Yelp have warned about the slow service at this location. Wish I had looked it up earlier." Next trip to Pgh is going to feature Steak and Shake - I guarantee it." Service (on a scale of 1-10 By far my worst visit to Steak n' Shake!"  I realized cooked to order but this is a little long for SnS.  Ordered the Guacamole Steakburger and it only had a small portion of Gauc...not your usual amount..kitchen was not up to speed on portion sizing for some reason.  Definitely did not look like the picture on the website.  Oh well!"  and shoestring fries. You're faster (and cheaper!) than Eat N Park. Plus your employees wear those adorable bow ties. Granted The only thing worse than the food is the service. We have vowed NEVER to go to this restaurant again. Yikes!!" This was the first time that I have ever eaten here.  We went through the drive thru which took forever.  I ordered a hamburger and onion rings.  The hamburger did taste kind of odd but I figured it was because I am used to Wendy's .  exactly 6hours later I was so sick.  Might have been a stomach bug but it is kind of strange.  I dont think that I need to go back to this particular location......ever Going there was a  special request by a 7 year old getting over a long-ish illness This place is s l o w....like so slow I have got up and left after waiting 30 minutes and not even being acknowledged by a server. The food is okay. Def not worth the wait. Milkshakes are just okay as well. Booooooo. I really like the chili. Burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad. Pretty hard to mess up a side salad. As others have said you never know what kind of service you will get. Store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair. The staff is usually disinterested with customers and sometimes outright rude. All in all what you pay is what you get. Cheap and crap service.  3 meals and 3 shakes came to $20. A steal. Also the food is good! I enjoyed it. I'd come back." Fast food in a resturant setting.  Considering this food is good and cheap plus you can get food to go.  Must be a reason why this place is always packed.  the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints."  what you'd expect from Steak n Shake. THE SERVICE IS AWFUL. so incredibly awful. expect to take at least an hour for your meal  the fries were Luke warm and the cheese on them wasn't as flavorful as it should be. As a new Pittsburgher I'm not impressed." All this has cemented me in not wanting to ever step foot in one of these establishments ever again." "I don't think it's too much to ask that if you advertise your drive thru being open 24 7. Then it should be open 24 7. I work a late night job. The past three times I have tried to get food late night I haven't been able to. Twice they greeted me in the drive thru and never got back to me after twenty minutes so I drove away. Tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed. Really? Awful location. Awful service. Went inside to try to get food  she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach."  they're downright rude. I highly recommend avoiding this location if possible. There's one on Route 51 that's worth the 15 minutes it'll take you to get there."  I have to admit that we had forgotten how inexpensive Steak 'n Shake was. Based on the cost I like the occasional steak and shake stop.....    but this one has to be the slowest one ever.    The cashier was rude and I could hear her yelling are you fucking kidding me because the register was not working the way she wanted....     wow.... just wow... "Every time we come here the service is laughably bad. On this visit a tabe which was sat after us had their food before our server graced us with her surly presence. Good restaurant elsewhere "Wow. Dirty and slow.  The floors felt like they had the days burger grease spilled all over Just take a gun on Weekends "The staff is very rude at the drive thru to the point of telling me at 2:02 pm ""It's only 1:59 you can't do the happy hour shakes yet!""   She literally screamed it at me.   The management does not enforce any kind of health code in that restaurant either.   I too  and (thinking the pictures on the menu are what they're supposed to look like and they would never false advertise) I asked ""doesn't it come with the fixings like in the picture?"" she then told me it only comes with cheese. So I then went on to tell her what I wanted on my burger. Pulled around and got my order pretty quick Take the extra 20 minutes to drive to the South Hills location. Its pretty much the exact opposite of the Waterfront. The food comes out hot and properly cooked and you are not ignored by the staff." "Steak 'n Shake's food is pretty good and the prices aren't bad for the quantity of food. I ordered a grilled chicken salad with no dressing. The salad looked thrown together and was $5.49 for 2 croutons  and a decent amount of fries. Also the restaurant is not really clean either.  This restaurant is not my number 1 choice."  with five or six tables sitting unbussed while people wait to be seated. Whether you're inside or at the drive through the wait is incredibly long. Fortunately the staff are always friendly despite the ridiculous staffing levels the management maintains here."  regular is the perfect size to get me home from the Waterfront." It's safe to say that we won't be back. We like the food and shakes but not worth it to put up with the poor service." Fell asleep last night before I did my review what I can say about this place is their food is good their milkshakes r awesome I had gotten the chicken fingers with fries & a birthday cake milkshake which was delish we got seated pretty fast & our waiter was very polite & professional  and she made a huge deal of it. I ended up crying outside waiting for my partner to let me know we'd been moved. 15 minutes later I have eaten here before and never had any problems. But today was completely different. I arrived 12:15 PM to have lunch with my family. We sat there for about 25 minutes and not one person came to ask us if we were ready to order. They completely ignored us so we got up and left. One table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention. So we went to  Wendy's up on 8th Avenue and we had no problems ar all.  they completely ignore you when your the only person in line. The burgers were good and the menu is pretty small. Food takes about an hour to come when no ones even there! I would go here if the service was faster and better." I know service speed isn't a chain-wide issue. This place is just REALLY. SLOW. We ordered 40 minutes ago. Still no food. I ordered online last night and it was suppose to be done at 7:!5pm. I get their small line that somehow took 30mins. When i get to counter she looks at my print out and says it will be done in a few. I ask to speak to manager and she calls out a manager named Rachel who did not show. At 8:05pm she goes to check my food after me saying something! It was on the counter the whole time. My Food was cold and they have to the nerve to say come again. I Think Not! 6ilJq_05xRgek_8qUp36-g shoutout to Raquan . You're the real MVP" I waited 20 minutes for charred hamburger. The bottle of seasoning on the table was a cute idea bc lord knows it didn't have any seasoning on it. The waitress kept saying that they were backed up but when I looked around there wasn't a lot of people there. However they (waitresses) were nice and apologetic. But when I think of steak sandwiches I didn't think of what I got.  nothing special. I ordered the single cheeseburger and cheese fries. My boyfriend got the bacon cheeseburger and cheesy bacon fries. Our food came out pretty quickly and it was the way we ordered it (I ordered everything on my burger while my boyfriend only ordered cheese and bacon). Our food was good  I was served just a plain grilled cheese. Once they had gotten me another sandwich Waitress was very kind at the beginning but her attitude declined rapidly. Food was alright except the French onion soup. Couldn't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve. A table nearby had a problem with their food. Waitress was rude to them and the manager never came to address the issue. Terrible customer service. Look so many better burgers. Aint no steak and no shake. Ice milk at best. Five guy burgers much better. Frosty and a daves classic much better at same price. Spend a few more and goto bgr "This is the worst place I've maybe ever been to.  The outside was filthy with trash all over.  The inside was maybe worse I consistently return to the Rt 51 location because I get decent and consistent service. This one? I only returned because I was getting my dog groomed at the nearby Petco."  my spicy chicken sandwich was fresh-out-of-the-fryer hot and very crispy while my bun was toasted.  The french fries were also fried to an artery clogging perfection." The only good thing about this place is the exit so you can swiftly leave and never come back." "Tried going twice. Twice i got a "" were closed"" i said i thought you were open till 1? ""Nah"" it was 12. I thought Wendy's advertises that they're open until 1? Like thats their commercial campaign. Guess not. Cant rate the food cause i haven't received any. I would have loved to try. But since its 1210 guess they are closed. Don't worry Wendy's. Maybe you should add 100+ sodas to this location but don't worry i wont have any from this one or any. I am done w this franchise." It took an hour to get our food when everyone else got their food in five minutes. They forgot two of our drinks and one of the employees said a cuss word infront of a child.  they are neat and clean and the staff is friendly. The manager even helps the elderly and speaks with customers like they are friends. Job well done in my book. Plus can't beat the fries are always hot. Keep the work up guys!" Was in there today again and the service is excellent. Is this a chica fila or Wendy's I can't tell the difference except for the menu. Cashiers will bring your food to you. Manager actually has respect for the customer instead of ignoring them. I love it!  and she stacked overfull but not messy.  My food was ready when I was and it was quality food for great value!  Their chicken nuggets are the freshest I have found." A group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park across the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive. We where the only normal people in this place. The kids next to us who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail 2 times in their life. You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we where in there my friend got hit on by 2 girls and they gave him there numbers while the other young guy across the table yeld dont do it dont do it. Must I say more? bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hell out of that area cause if you call a shank a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you. I concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money  your order will most definitely be wrong.  Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills.  They have all gone down hill in quality Hit or miss. Was there today and everything was good. They even checked what happy meal toys they had for my daughter. Went a few tines before and sometimes it was decent sometimes they had order wrong. When order was wrong they fixed it quickly however and most of the staff is helpful. Will go here rather than waterfront location anyday. Also very nice sitting area. Worst McDonald's ever. Waited 16 min in drive thru- finally drove through without even ordering! Horrific. The staff is friendly."  this is the best McDonald's for dogs and their parents. And as someone who generally only visits McDonald's to reward my dog for good behavior after a vet visit My orders have come out bad pretty much every time I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I'm lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw. I recently posted a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous. I am done going to this Mcd's. The orders come out pretty fast and the employers are nice" I noticed that the dining room looks spacious and they have  an indoor play area for children."  fast food or otherwise.  They get so loud back in the kitchen that we will often stop our conversation in the dinning room to wait for them to quiet down a bit before we continue.  The food itself is generally passable." Anyways I don't normally review fast food that I've had bad experience at bc it happens often  looked the other way and yelled for a manager. Still feeling over charged but not wanting to agitate the situation any further we left with 1 less drink then we ordered  but I'm having trouble coming up with a single example. I can only assume that the manager is never there or is so incompetent as to defy belief. This location coasts by solely on the reputation of other Wendy's. Do yourself a favor. Go to Burger King or McDonald's down the road  this was a nice place. It took a long time for someone to answer the drive thru and then the guy working the drive thru was very hard to understand like he had food in his mouth and basically clueless. Once our order was finally understood I wish we had a way to hold this corporation accountable for its crimes against our society.  we realized they forgot to add an item on our receipt. We asked how much the real total is and the employee told me Good for Altar bar. But they didn't have fries.... My only complaint was free ATT WiFi was slow on my last visit." Every single time I go through the drive-thru I don't get a straw. I don't know how this keeps happening. Every time. Even when reminded.  ""may I try some of your french fried potatoes?"" I was greeted with a crackled mutter as I inched my vehicle forward. I was then treated to a relaxing 15 minute wait as nobody moved in line. Perhaps it was the clientele and their healthy orders. Perhaps it was the professional waitstaff Maybe they're upset because their heroin operation was shut down." "They are literally the SLOWEST fast food restaurant I have ever been to. We have tried going through the drive-thru TWICE and BOTH times have left because after someone says ""hold on one second""  their drive-thru speaker went down about a month ago and still hasn't been repaired. It creates delays at the drive-thru window for placing orders  crumbly LJS fish. The hush puppies were soggy from either drowning in old oil too long "Who does not love a DQ Blizzard? And I heart the Girl Scout Thin Mint Blizzard. Next time Good service and great ice cream." Peanut Buster Parfaits rule! I'm glad we have one so close. Nuff said! The staff here is great! They are so friendly & keep the place super clean. The cakes here are so creative too! Staff is friendly and cooperative."  trash everywhere). The last time we stopped in there were seven people working...but maybe actually three doing work. The other four were checking their cellphones or standing around talking. There is one young girl there who works her ass off but the rest contribute to the chaos." The inside has a decent size freezer case and seats One of the worst Wendy's I've ever experienced.  Every morning there was a 30-minute wait - after ordering - for food. We waited about 3 minutes when one of the guys comes out and literally FLOURISHES our 3 bags of food at us. I mean  props for the ""fresh cut fries.""" Please clean your floor properly.  It feels like Crisco under your feet.  Very dangerous.  they said I could just go back and since I had some food in hand that I should get what was missing... with no receipt (I don't think so) she decided to give me the store number instead so I can inform the manager before driving there. So they gave me the number and all it is is BUSY  I bet your turning over in your grave  This Wendy's is Terrible.  There's nothing fast about this fast food.  Go next door to Taco Bell. The only reason I keep coming here is because their food at least meets Wendy's standards and gives me something to keep me going between my appointments throughout the day. But based on other reviews  and people losing their minds. The service is horrible...friendly but horrible. I ordered two double cheeseburgers and waited over twenty minutes for them. I opened the sandwiches and it appeared that they had been made by a dog...or someone who lacks fingers. This McDonalds is straight crap. I'd rather eat cigarette butts than ever eat there again." The workers themselves are ok and the managers are nice."  cussing or making a lot of noise.  They sit on tables and often just sit at your table.  When Arby's and Wendy's use to be open next door The major complaint that I have with this location is when the high schools let out.  The tons of students from various of communities just hanging out "You get all the stars for giving me both French fries and apple slices in my happy meal. Not only did it make my day Today I went in to eat.  Ordered my food and while I was waiting for my food a cook was on the French fry side taking nuggets out of the holding area and eating them.   The manager on duty was about as useful as the wall it took several mins to convince him for a refund and still could not get that right.   The owner of this location sure could make more money if they had a crew and managers that did their jobs None of this is exaggeration. I was seriously appalled." Can this place get an order correct the 1st time? I think not!  but didn't. The food quality itself honestly isn't bad for fast food. Wendy's really has improved! The burger wasn't as greasy as usual and the fries are crunchy and full of flavor! I love the sea salt! They also has a small bakery selection. Darren and I shared an Oreo brownie. Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuumy!"  I have been there 2 or 3 times with simple take-out orders and everything seemed to go fine. Got what I ordered in a reasonable amount of time and everyone on the crew were if not working "Service is inconsistent but I like the food over the other fast food chains. I really wish they could get the floors clean so they're not sticky. I think it's their spiffy new soda fountains The best Wendy's I've been to in Pittsburgh. They consistently make good food. The service is average but the food here is near perfect everytime. Spicy chicken sandwich is my main go to but I've had the burgers and they are nice and juicy. I'd say if you're looking for a good fast food place this Wendy's is a great choice. Literally the worst experience ever. You pay for two meals and get chicken nuggets on a bun instead of a chicken sandwich. Absolutely inexcusable and not funny at all. Playing with people's food and money....two things you should not mess with. When I went back for my refund the kids seemed to think it was rather funny and offered to make me a new one which I refused because I don't trust them with my food and God only knows what they're doing back there. Worst McDonalds!!! they took 45 min for one burger BULLSHIT!!! someone needs fired! "I've never had bad drive-thru service here and their food is sometimes all you need. Like when I'm hungry "Seriously the worst McDonalds I've ever been to. Service is always slow. I'm currently sitting in the parking lot right now with about 4 other cars from the drive thru that are waiting for food. If I could read my receipt (printer must be low on ink)  but all those people still can't get your food out in less than 10 minutes. But while you are waiting you can watching another half dozen employees at the take-out window chatting the day away while one person occasionally fills up a bag and gets an order out."  but this is actually the worst one I've ever been to. It's only a 2 minute drive for me  if these people get a raise to $12 hr i'll kill myself!" As soon as I can find somewhere else to go on laundry mornings  the greeting I got was "" what do you want "" . The woman who waited on my obviously didn't finish the sixth grade and didn't care about manners . She was slow as molasses even though there were several people in line behind me . After taking time out to BS to a coworker about her weekend  I guess this experience reminded me of why I limit my trips to fast food chains as much as possible."  rude service.  12 minute wait for fast food?!?!"  I sort of lost my cool in this store and stormed out without my food. I sat in my car fuming (over something stupid) and who I suspect to be the supervisor walked out and brought me my food  if you what fast food then this is definitely NOT the place for you at all !! Service is horrible Went here after dinner to grab a frosty but gave up after an extended wait. The cashiers were busy chatting with their friends and couldn't be bothered to help anyone in line. The location also seemed a bit sketchy; I'd avoid this one. Try Panera Bread across the street. Gotta luv using french fries as a fork for your frostee and seeing it partially melt around the fry." Food was fresh and hot. Can't ask for more from a Wendy's."  and because pittsburgh is one of only around four metropolitan areas where wendy's currently offers breakfast. although nothing would ever match up to in n out  an accomplishment that I did not think was possible - the crispy little polygons are spiced to delicious perfection and are a great compliment to the square (ciabatta-eqsue?) sausage muffin. Morning heartburn? Yes A'ight... I'm just lettin' you know."  not fun to sit there waiting when you really need to use the facilities.  It's like that long ride on the turnpike when you already passed the last rest stop for 50 miles."  except with slower service! Employees show no sense of urgency. There are two cash registers inside but I've never seen more than one being used at once what is it with Wendys ?  They never get the orders right. If any of the employees would smile I would die from shock.  This review applies to many of the Wendys  that I have been to. Even in Florida.  Do they train them to be rude and ignorant ? "Don't use the drive-thru. I'm not sure why I keep coming here (probably because the food is decent enough and cheap). Every time I'm here Funny story. 1 1 14 @ 3am. We just left Southside & were driving around aimlessly looking for places to eat. At last we spot Wendys & a drive thru line wrapped around. We wait.. & wait & wait. A few cars leave & we move. & wait some more. Finally we decide to leave after realizing it'll take forever to get through the line. We drive past the window & boom.. It's dark & closed. We look at the Wendys sign which states they close at 6pm new years eve. So a line of 20 cars including us all had a dummy moment the very beginning of 2014  as it's the same as any other Wendy's. So it's fine if you have time to kill." Swing and miss. Never again."  wait times average 15 minutes to 40 minutes for drive through during peak times. If youre going to run a fast food joint the keyword is ""fast""" My only complaint is the size of burger. Isn't it too small?????? I am an Asian girl and don't eat too much but still..... I wasn't satisfied with the amount of it." "the drive thru line is always too long and moves too slowly. sometimes cars are stuck on Baum blvd. also Worst Wendy's I have ever had. The line of cars for the drive thru was into the street yet when we got our food everything was cold. Nothing was fresh. The night crew obviously does not care to do their jobs and provide any kind of good service or decent food.  it would make sense to have enough staff left so that people aren't sitting in the drive-through line for more than 20 minutes.. Can't vouch for the food yet but man this wait is ridculous."  how very unprofessional.  The employee who rung me up had no personality and over charged me cause I didn't request an combo meal.  Sure she knew that rude. The place is dirty too. I won't ever be going back."  a little Mickey D's partay is going on. There's whistling and shouting. Hm...Why wasn't I invited? So he takes our order to the best of his ability  it's an older crowd late afternoon so the employees may not be 100% to blame. Our cashier was limited with English yet blamed me when she made a mistake. It was a simple mistake but that is very rude to a customer." "Have to give 4 stars to this particular BK. Always excellent quick service. Orders always accurate. Food cooked fresh. Breakfast tomorrow This place has gone down hill fast!  The staff makes it feels like you are bothering them when you order.  And 90% of the time your order is wrong.  Such a dissappointment! Worse still is the pay station on the next corner and an incredibly tight turn to the pickup window. I'm sure a lot of people have scraped the crap out of their cars just navigating the turn. Wouldn't that just tick you off knowing you cost yourself hundreds of dollars in body shop repair by getting a $.99 burger? Whoa! And if that wasn't bad enough  it's as though they are doing you a favor by serving you at all. Dave Thomas is rolling over in his grave. This is nothing new. This has always been my least favorite Wendy's. Try it for yourself and write it up if you fare better."  ect. He was super kind. You dont see that too often nowadays" I love Wendy's in NC they have the Carolina Classic sandwich Worst wendy's I have ever been to in my travels all over the USA. Normally Wendy's is at the top of my fast food list. This particular location is HORRIBLE. AVOID !!! "It is a Wendy's. It is newer. The bathrooms are clean. The drinks are cold. Not much to critique. Oh "I have been to this location maybe 10 times in the past few years and every time I go through the drive through the order is wrong. No fries Love the baconator. Service is top notch and quick. fry recipe isn't my favorite but a lot of people like it Kudos to major employers in small I'm a big fan of mc d's but I was expecting more when I saw pork chop biscuit what a fail. Have been to many many different McDs across US and have generally found all of their WiFi is spotty if useable at all in places."  and the outside is always well landscaped. This McDonalds has won the town's ""Yard of the month"" award on numerous occasions. The drive thru is the fastest you will find for any fast food restaurant  fast. Fries were hot. Parking lot a little hard to get out of Having people that don't speak English very well taking orders in the drive thru is a recipe for failure.  I always try to double check but feel rushed because of the amount of people behind me. My order is right 50% of the time. Worst McDonalds in the United States of America. I could get food faster in a prison cell. You have a better chance of the Pope going to hell than getting good service here. qJTHaHFKQIKXKX3I17Nw9w Too bad McDonalds is going the way of Nokia and Sony!"  and your food arrives quickly. Their breakfast is especially great! Living right down the street from another Micky D's "Horrible!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION! For all their ""appreciation"" you would think they could get your order right?! Nope!!!!!! Not to mention they don't fill your drink! The past two times we went my smoothie was missing an inch from the top?!!!!" "A little annoyed that there were 3 cars parked having to wait on food. The guy running food was good though  Consistently the slowest service ever experienced at any McD's. "I wish I could give less stars. I don't know how accurate that A rating is "Truly the most horrible McDonald's on the planet and personally I wish they would just go out of business instead of wasting peoples time going there at all.. I blame the horrible owners the ""Harristons I've called them at 704-545-5970 and complained to them before the only way to really get something done is complain to corporate. You call the location directly on the phone its always busy And that's your 20 second review.. I warned ya." Z2ks3quiwbkMDY1sVDW9OQ  and I've never had a major issue with this store. I tried the new Chicken Bacon Wrap and it was tasty. If in the area and hungry  but gave it to me and apologized. I'm not a huge mc d's fan bcuz of health reasons  no condiments at all...every visit he encounters something wrong...he says he is never going back....please check your bags." "They can not even simple order right I don't understand why service is so slow and then we u get your food its wrong. If you use drive thru and special order anything IE Average sub shop with above average subs. Their hot sauce selection can add even more heat to their primarily hot sub menu. Sandwich sizes are satisfying and service is fast enough even when busy.  usually fast service.  The hot sauce selection is the best part though.  They will even sell full bottles which is good as the grocery stores around here have very limited selections."  this is location is equipped with the futuristic Coke Freestyle beverage contraption." I arrived an hour later and everything was ready and organized. My HOA volunteers thank you and we'll be back...with more notice next time"  even better that it right beside Starbucks. They also now take Apple Pay." They are quick to get your order. Chili is awesome and hearty. A little pricey for what it is though. I love the collection of hot sauces. Hook and ladder is my favorite. Customer service is always awesome. There is someone always at the register and someone cleaning the dining area.  and a drink for $5.99.  I must say that's a pretty good deal.  If you keep your receipt from Tues you can come back any day of the week and get the same deal again for $5.99.  If you're not lucky enough to get there on Tues then the subs for lunch can get a tad bit pricey.  A regular club sub  and roasted red peppers.  The sandwich was very good.  Jersey Mikes uses finely shredded lettuce which I prefer.  The meats are cut on a meat slicer as your sandwich is made so they are not sitting around in a cooler.  If the regular prices weren't so high I'd go to Jersey Mike's instead of the $5 footlong place. but as another reviewer mentioned you can take your receipt from Tuesday back and get the same $5.99 deal which is definitely worth it.  I'm going to give them 4 stars on Tuesdays."  the original Italian.  The sandwich had the same high quality and everything from my previous review was reinforced.  Since it was pretty slow I was able to interact with the staff there. They were extremely friendly and courteous.  The woman garnishing sandwiches called me ""sweetie"" (don't tell my wife).  The manager was on the register and he asked me if I liked the bounce back deal.  I replied with a hearty 6ICGve6UyGPuLaGrKQBVuw This is a very nice shop and I'm a big fan of the Turkey sandwich Mike's Way "Never even knew there was a Jersey Mike's uptown till recently.  I may just have to start putting this into my rotation.  I came in on a Tuesday for the Super Tuesday deal ($6.50 for Sub Chips Drink).  It was pretty packed and I was told normally it's more crowded.  Note to self "Jersey Mike's Tuesday Special is awesome. $7 for any regular sub  and not once have I walked out disappointed!  If you are tired of subway or just want a great sub (hot or cold) come here!  I love their club sub ""Mike's way""  but downtown for lunch I decided to check out this location. The line was almost out the door! Although it moves somewhat quickly the service is very chaotic and I was charged for the order behind me. Overall "This is one of the best managed Jersey Mikes I have ever been too. I have been eating here consistently for 8 years (since 2006)  and they never disappoint. Always clean  and a drink for $6.49. Great deal and ever better sub! You cannot go wrong with the traditional Italian or club sub  .... gotta have it Mike's Way! Staff is always friendly and very quick to make the subs." Overall a good choice to get a great COLD sub! My fave is the Original Italian done ""Mike's Way.""" I won't be going back that's for sure..."  but DUH its lunch in Charlotte. And it gets buys here because it's good and everybody wants it!! Hellloooo!!Service is great This Jersey Mike's kicks ass!!! The staff is always friendly. Tuesday luncheon is chaos but they people there get you out of there in no time. The #9 cold sub is a steal and their relish has the perfect balance of acidity and sweetness.  Jersey Mike's doesn't skimp on the toppings. Every time I've been here they load up the meat. There's a good amount on your sub so you won't leave disappointed." I'm very disappointed in this Wendy's because I have never had a problem with them. The only reason they received two stars was because they DID fix the problem and my new sandwich was piping hot. Other than the freshness of my sandwich I was extremely dissatisfied." I write this review as I sit in the drive through line. Was the fourth car in line and have been sitting here for 15 minutes. Now I wait at the menu with no response.... SUPER SLOW SERVICE! Won't be back. That's for sure. Worst experience ever at a Wendy's!!!! I ordered for dine-in. My daughter's drink order was wrong to start. How can you mix up coke and lemonade? Then it took forever to get our burgers. While we wait our fries are sitting on b the tray getting cold. Once we received our burgers one was wrong. After getting it corrected my fries were then really cold. Top it off with the ketchup dispensers being empty. I asked for ketchup and was handed 3 packets. Avoid this location if you can. "Great spot to get a basic sub - they pile the meat extra high and the service is always friendly.  A regular sub is 7""and is enough for two meals for me - they also have giant 14"" subs and mini 3.5"" subs. You can get your sub 'Mike's Way' which is the way I like it (oil  just classic sandwich stuff.  I thought that the ingredients were very fresh and I like the younger folks behind the counter; they were easy to pick up a conversation with.  I prefer this over both Subway and Quiznos.  I really can't put my finger on it Nicely renovated sub shop.  Great sandwiches and very nice owner.  I definitely plan on returning.  I will request oil on the side for the Italian sub because it soaked through the bread when I got home. Nevertheless "The guy that helped me was very nice. However for $7 I expect more out of my sandwich. I had the tuna salad YUM! This was my first time eating at Jersey Mike's and it was yum yum in my tum. I had the Philly Cheesesteak with mushrooms added. I'm also glad they offer Vickie's chips :) The two guys working were very nice and I'm happy that this is down the road from my new place!  you know what they have. Staff was nice and my sammich was good  but the next time I spend $10 on a sub and soda  so I suggest take-out.  Parking is almost impossible at 12pm so arrive early." "I visited this establishment last week.  I was impressed with the cleanliness and the employees.  I will agree with the other posts the location is very small  and the bread felt and tasted like it was 3 days old. Even with this place being just blocks from my house "Clean and friendly service. Not busy at all on Sunday. The subs are always consistent and delicious. They tend to be a little pricey Also a few hours after I ate I got sick to my stomach."  but is it too much to ask that people do their jobs while on duty?  Do you really need 10 BK employees standing around doing nothing?"  I wish ""fast"" did not equate to ""poorer quality""... I guess Europeans have it right when they take their time eating their meals...." X-uPUUV7xPiKivsQzJD-wg "We ordered breakfast here during a layover. My croissant was literally dripping cloudy looking water.  Since we plopped down almost 20 bucks  the food here is pretty standard for a Burger King." X-uPUUV7xPiKivsQzJD-wg  but the combos are $1-2 more expensive than anywhere else. I'd hate to wait in line if they were very busy aswell. Otherwise "Avoid this place in the airport. 20 minutes to wait for a standard order is not acceptable. I had to wolf down my food to make my flight when I should have had plenty of time. Epic fail BK "Had to argue with the cashier while ordering a kids meal. The menu clearly shows that with the kids meal you can choose apples slices instead of a toy. Instead of looking at the menu she asked another employee  and very often make errors on my order. I usually have to repeat my order at least twice. I know its fast food - but this place is bad."  or cleanliness.  It's a pig bucket of BK.  Good luck if you get the scraps." Not going back to this place." I didn't want to create a scene... But these people need to respect the customers... The stupid ungrateful bunch of illiterate jerks....!"  just get the plain. It's probably a better level of ordinary." Its 7am in the morning and i had to wake myself to write a review for this place. First they had no pan cakes though its in the menu. I ordered a platter with no sausage as i dont eat meat. They made me wait a long time and gave me a platter with sausage. The order was $9 for hash browns. Coffee. Biscuit and egg. Expensive and bad service please do not eat there. my husband and me went to order our food and as we waited for our order one of the employees kill a rat next to the soda machine. he took of his shoe and smashedthe disgusting thing. i had to ask for my money back. "This is called no mayo.  Looks like the licked it off.  And took the toppings.  Last call for ""not so king""." Couldnt give them ZERO stars."  I had been traveling for work and was starving. The service was quick and professional-ish except an employee fighting with a customer who may have worked somewhere else in the airport? Food was good  and my fries were under cooked. Also the woman who took my order could not have been any ruder. She sat and talked to a coworker about personal things for a few minutes with me just standing at the register. That displeased me more than the disappointing food. The only thing I can give credit to is the young man who was handing the actual food out. He was as nice as he could be and wishing everyone a great day."  well BurgerKing fit the bill. The line is kinda weird and starts to the left side looking at the menu. So there were people who realized this then others who just walked straight up to the cashregister unaware of those inline. Ordered the grilled chicken sandwich. Custom ordered with extra lettuce and pickles. Came out quick and correct. Wouldn't say the sandwich was mindblowing just ok for $4."  hot and correct. Overall no complaints. Typical airport prices but that's to be expected. A good quick service option when you can't wait for the sit-down restaurants." X-uPUUV7xPiKivsQzJD-wg "I landed in Charlotte after a red eye flight and needed to get some breakfast.  I stopped here to get a Fully Loaded Crossanwich and an orange juice.  The sandwich was hot Great service! I ordered one of those new grilled hotdogs and I guess they messed the order up. One of the managers actually hunted me down in the airport to give me the right order...I wish they had burger kings like this around where I live!  they play favorites. Airport workers receive their food faster than others"  but everyday they are busy. One person working the front counter taking orders and serving food. No idea how many are in the kitchen The fries were good and the burger was as I ordered." One of the worse locations I've ever been to and will make a note not to return - bad service and my food wasn't even cooked!  ""hello?""  I guess the manager of this place doesn't care about customer service because they deal with a captive customer base.  People would probably tell me that I'm expecting too much."  you should know what they serve. The staff is very friendly and helpful." I've seen the gamut during the few times I've dropped in here." Worst service. The cashier was trying to make the mcflurry and knew it was running out of mix. Instead of just telling me we are low on mix she gave me half a cup! Never again. I can't anymore. It's too busy here and service is not as fast as other Mickey D's with this kind of volume. Customers are rude too. So it was rainy and I decided to eat my feelings. Nothing works better than a 2 cheeseburger meal for that.  Burgers could have been warmer but fries were outstanding. Drive thru is that new double configuration that's really annoying but I'm sure it's less so at off peak times. Girl at the window was efficient and nice.  their $1 menu is more expensive than my regular stops. Their breakfast burritos are $1.19 I'm at the airport 2 to 3 times a week. Mickey D' s is a great place to wait for arrivals. They understand if you're going to chill for awhile. Free WI Fi and free refills. When you get the call. 60 seconds to baggage claim.  the dining room is open 24 hours and they have three power outlets next to bolted-down tables and chairs. The wifi works well and the parking lot is well lit. There is a TV but it wasn't on when I was here." Don't bother calling any 800 # about this McDonald's - it's useless.  One would think that the owner of this location would be more proactive in making it a better McDonald's  dirty. The food is usually below average and the workers barely speak English. Go somewhere else (PLEASE!!) instead and skip this place."  I'm a vet & have been to them all around the world too! Find another; it's easy enough to do."  nothing to rave about but the fact that they have the *excuse my language* SHITTEST customer service erks me. I use to go here often because I went to CPCC harris campus. 8 10 times they would get my order wrong somehow but that's not the point. The thing that annoys me is how one worker tried to blame ME for the wrong order. Seriously.. this mcdonalds needs to get their shit together." most dysfunctional team I have ever seen at McDonald.  Plus an overflowing urinal. Don't go here "We only went through the drive-thru and the service was pretty quick with not many cars to serve. My breakfast burritos had hard corners like were bad or cooked to long. They were also folded kind of weird I just don't have much of an appetite for that kind of weirdness at any time of day."  this is 6 out of 6 attempts AMAZING.  This is at the McDonald's at the entrance to the airport "I work nights so I typically will find this place convenient.  I'll avoid this McDonald's at night.  Ice cream machine is always broken in the evening late night so no milkshakes.  ALWAYS BROKEN.  They seem to have some of the slowest service too.  The cashier is fast though.  They're cheap in the fries.  I don't expect overflowing but at least fill the container with the ""normal"" amount.  If I wanted a small fries I would have asked for that.  Don't come here between 330am and 430am because their ""system"" has to come down for maintenance.  They only take cash and I don't trust them enough to provide the right price."  and has good prices. While my aunt was sad that they don't have regional specials like the double-jalapeno cheeseburger Sorry my spacing is so weird"  it was fairly quick. But no one seemed happy or to be taking pride in their work." "So dirty I decided I could not eat here. Women's restroom had puddle of urine on floor in stall 1; an unflushed "We pull up to the drive thru of the McDonalds that's open 24 hours and wait five plus minutes because they were having a ""shift change"" and then they tell us it's cash only and then they tell us the have no quarter pounder beef! Crazy. We should have gone to Wendy's across the street. But don't worry about me I'm just hangry over here."  yet I go out of my way to the Wendy's at 2801 Boyer Street instead.  They have much better service." Last time I went.......about Sept of 2010  I was polite to the girl working because I truly felt bad for her. I get home and open my food. I wish I was surprised but it was ice cold. The bun was firm like it was quite old. The cheese was hardly melted. So not only did I wait 15 minutes but I also got horrible fast food. Oxymoron I know but COME ON!" "Probably the slowest drive-thru I've ever experienced. At times  I want to go back and cuss everyone out. The sandwich looks like someone sat on it. The chicken is dry AF. I didn't get a damn tomato. Back to the banned list you go. I never thought a chicken sandwich could get messed up. I was wrong. How in the hell is the line always long when the food is trash?" It's conveniently located across from the mall...and in front of Original Pancake House.  I had the pleasure of dining at this McDonald's when OPH had an hour wait.  We wanted to eat breakfast and get on the road to do some shopping and that long delay wasn't fitting into our schedule.  Cut to:  us walking from OPH to McDonald's "I can count on one hand how many times I go to a fast food restaurant within a year and you can almost bet it equals late night and alcohol. Last night was no different.  MickeyD's was calling my name.  I stopped at the one on Fairview Road.  Service was fast and pleasant.  My french fries were so hot I couldn't eat them right away.  Le Big Mac was the perfect amount of gooeyness from the special sauce and I don't know what their secret is for fountain drinks I used to like this Mcdonald's location. But recently getting really disgusting. A lot of flies are flying around. Their floor is sticky. Tables and chairs are always nasty. It's really turned me off. I didn't get anything there! I'd return here for a place to linger a bit The only place worst is Jack in the Box." Especially fitting since this MickyD's is across the street from Nordstrom!" All I can say is: be wary!" This is a five star McDonalds so to speak. There's a baby grand player piano and an upstairs with tv. However the service and food quality are standard run of the mill McDs. I'm writing this from the upstairs after buying my daughter a happy meal. Her fries are cold as are the nuggets. The sprite is all soda no syrup. I got a small choco shake which was barely mixed. I think it's actually vanilla. Not fatal errors but either they're short handed or they just don't take pride in their job. Hope this is just a fluke. The food.... is the same as regular McDonald's which I think is AOK.  I don't know how some people are so picky with their $6 combo meals.  Besides waiter service I'm liking the addition of the self playing baby grand in the bottom floor... really classes it up.  Pinkys up!"  I will not return to you. You have forsaken me." Service - somewhat quick in the drive-thru The restaurant is clean but that is the nicest thing I can say about it.  The food was horrible both times I ate there in the past two weeks!  I talked to the manager after the first time who acted concerned but less than a week later the food was still horrible!!!!  Fries were cooked in old nasty grease( taste like everything but fries) and the burger was not done or hot!!!!!!!!!!!!  a lot of sunlight and open ceilings since it has 2 floors. Service is not superb but not terrible. Overall It was a quick trip with hot food which is what I wanted  but this is an exception.  The workers are just plain rude.  The fries were nasty and the bun on my burger was stale.  Avoid this place unless you just don't give a crap about how your treated and want a sub par Big Mac." Eat here at your own risk and since they close at midnight this isn't a drunk food spot" McDonald's is McDonald's there's  nothing really special to say. Quick cheap food with a tolerable customer service. What's not to love? Same consistent food selections done exactly as they are in every other location."  50 pounds heavier ago I did. I even contacted the manager once to complain about my repeated horrible experience. She said she would send me some coupons and acted like I was wasting her time. I never received anything and also never ate at this location again. I can't stand bad customer service. That's what you get at this location (along with the ""poison"" this place peddles). This location is to be avoided - the burger king just across the street has better staff and if you are going to eat junk food - it would be a better choice."  still 3 cars back. They are hire incompetent morons. Can't wait till robots take over their jobs." "I called this McDonald's location to ask if their salad was kosher.  As a kosher diet is a very important part of my religion. The employee who answered the phone was very rude and told me to I roll through this drive thur an embarrassing number of times per week. Overall this McDonald's is one of the better ones. The fries are for the most part always hot. But this is my only complaint... The sweet tea has been off lately. The person saying they've been using tap water could be on to something.  you need to serve them. Do not wait until the 3 mins before your closing and turn off the lights because it is a Saturday night and you don't want to deal with anyone else. I've had jobs in fast food and been a server  still 3 cars back. They are hire incompetent morons. Can't wait till robots take over their jobs."  I got the Mcgriddle sandwich not the biscuit. After correcting my order the breakfast sandwich was just okay. The biscuit tasted a little stale and because I think they were rushed in correcting my order the cheese was not melted.  So I like Showmars restaurants and this one is no exception. I went in during the busy lunch hour and received very fast service and good food in a clean environment. This location has a drive thru. I recommend the grilled chicken pita for lunch! Pepsi only up in this piece....I miss the days when Showmars served Coke. Super friendly employees as well  friendly service and even though there are several locations it is a local business." This place is definitely going to the top of my YUMMY list!" The interior is a simple design with your standard dining booths and they provide a few televisions throughout for you to catch up on via news stations and the four letter sports network."  everything tastes fresh and delicious.  The prices can't be beat for the quality and the speed of pick-up makes for an easy evening after a long day of work.  I love Showmars!"  need I mention that the price is just as competitive as showmars?"  fast"" and they mean it.  My favorite is the Gyro platter but have had most of the menu and it is all very good and is served very fast.  They have a wide variety of offerings from seafood to burgers to pitas.  They even have a BBQ sandwich. Their fries are the crinkle kind which you don't see very often anymore.  The staff is always friendly and happy.  Please be aware that they are closed on Sundays though."  but I was in the area so we stopped in. The place was clean and the employees were very friendly. Showmars is also a 2nd amendment friendly restaurant which is great! Food came out hot and fresh and I was very happy with our waiter.  I will go back to this location soon."  they include a small drink and a mini M&Ms pack; the shrimp kid's meal is tasty and comes with sauce (cocktail or horseradish I believe)." "I take my grandfather here once a week because he LOVES the food. Not only is the food great Food was served quickly and is okay. Nothing slid off the table..."  but please.....do it a little bit less." Good food great price ! Everybody loves Showmars !!! If you haven't been here you're missing out ! Always has been one of my favorite lunch spots and showmars unfortunately I don't live or work close by this location anymore! But stopped by recently and it is still my favorite the food is always great and the staff is as friendly as ever. Yum great food a very friendly staff a very clean store.  The wait was very short. I got a to go order. It was 7 dollars for gyro and side. Good price. I recommend it. I love their burgers and the fish is great too." Food is always hot and fresh. Love the variety on the menu. I've tried burgers and other things from here without any issues.  low prices! I love to get take out here. Bets Gyro around! I wish they were open on Sunday's." drive out of my way for." Always great food and fast service.  I love this place.  I am there at least once a week. Went with the family.  Very friendly lady at the front counter taking our order.  Other staff was great too.  Had the the Fiery Feta Chicken Pita.....highly recommend....mmmm "This Wendy's location is pretty convenient... right off of Independence Blvd.  Really it's always been there since I've been in Charlotte so it's a great ""pit stop"" on the way home and you are craving some nuggets or a frosty.  Honestly I haven't really frequented this place as much as I used to (probably a good thing)  he told me the matter would be ""dealt with."" Fantastic. I'm still never setting foot in there ever again. It was the kind of phone conversation where your Mom (Wendy's Corporate) makes you (Dennis) apologize for something The fries were soggy and cold. The burger was dry and thrown haphazardly onto the bun. The staff was friendly they dissaper fast since carl jr. took over  and those hamburgers are fantastic!  Food quality is what I'd expect at a good sit-down restaurant." Horrible customer service and when I talked to the manager she apologized but you can tell she didn't care.  the service is good and the burgers are great. Well worth the trouble of navigating this weird   extremely slow.  Don't waste your money or time here. Go to another location if possible."  all I heard was the white trash manager complaining and being rude to the customers. They need to fire the shift leader or whatever she is Asap!!" The service was great. The young lady at the drive-through window was very competent and friendly. However the stores appearance was lightweight disgusting. Had that off odor of not clean. Parking lot have matzoh degree. Also did you hear my order correctly. I ordered a quarter pound they gave me a 1 3 pound. The moonshine burger is excellent. This may be the worst Mcdonalds in Charlotte. Every time I go there they mess my order up. Then when you take it back they always have an attitude. If you ask for a large fry they'll give you a small in a large box this place dirty and the grade is 90.....WTF.......!!!!!! The late night shift dancing and joking around all while blasting the Amigos on their radio...really just because your on besttis ford doesn't mean you act like your ON DA FORD !!!"  she said didn't have any( when paying saw customer with chocolate chips waffles on her to go order ) we got our breakfast with my other kid no bacon so i waited  nothing happened so I ask for bacon she replied it was on my way but she has to clean table . Ok bacon arrived min later The waffles are the best waffles I have ever had in my entire life! The waitresses were wonderful and so was the food. I cannot wait to eat here again!"  it was a positive WH visit."  but it did need a good cleaning some good tlc.. The restrooms were disgusting I'm not a fan. If they were not so convenient then I'd probably never go back...but they're so damn close." "This location is pretty much an accurate reflection of most of the MdDonalds in South Charlotte.. The associates are rude  been there done that). My advice...if you have no other alternative but to go to this location due to being low on gas or what may have you stay home & make a meal or  because ""you gave me the wrong one I requested"". She says ""what kind of dressing did we give you?"" I said ""ma'am idk it was not ranch though"" so she tries to give me ranch dipping sauce and the manager finally hands me the dressing I want. I just felt like I was being questioned. I do not need free packets of dressing Mornings are great but after... These people (the girls mostly) take there time and sit around doing nothing. Horrible waiting time and inaccurate orders.  now granted its a fast food restaurant but when the manager is clearly racist and rude to me for just placing my order because she wants to sit down and eat her own food it's highly annoying. And unprofessional. Her shirt is untucked no name tag and proceeds to yell across the restaurant while sitting down eating her food (yes full mouth of food while screaming orders at co workers) oh and I'm sure she's on the clock. I will never come back to this location again I'd rather drive the extra miles to get better customer service. It's a shame McDonalds is allowing such a unprofessional nasty person to run and ruin there company name. This location is two blocks from my house like I said I'll pay the extra money in gas to avoid the constant rude customer service of this woman. This is not the first time this same manger was rude and racist towards me. I might add how she had a line full of customers and proceeded to ask a co workers cousin if he needed to be helped putting priority of someone not buying anything over paying customers. The food quality was garbage she undercooked the hash browns as well. Again I will NOT be returning. Incurious as to how this woman even got the management position since this seems like her MO. Wish I could give NO STARS" I have no one to blame but myself.  The service here is almost always terrible.  The employees pvaUE-Cmg6k37GQ-LluOLw vKg-Zi4tvTyNt3Fo1QEYTw  fast.  Cannot have any complaints about this place.  Food made to order and you can watch the action.  Good price and fresh."  quite the opposite.  This is a good old fashioned diner that does what it does very well and consistently.  The whole staff is great and I love watching the 'Show' in the kitchen area.  The food is all very good and plentiful and I usually eat too much.  The prices are good too.  This place just brings back memories  and Waffle House nails it when it comes to good traditional breakfast food. One of the few breakfast places that can actually cook an egg over medium the right way. All star special is the best deal-get it! I don't go to Waffle House and expect fancy  Bert's best chili and all the way homefries. Our waitress Jane was prompt with our drinks.  She did tell me that they had to throw away the chili so I ordered a ham & cheese omelet instead. I thought the food was great with the exception of the omelet. They folded the eggs over a hunk of cold cheese.  The homefries were delicious. The waffle was cold but filling. My wife didn't like her view of the kitchen and commented that my meal looked like vomit. She kept staring at me in horrified fascination as I cleared my plate.  Never again she said! I'll go back one day. As other yelpers have commented it's a very friendly restaurant with good food." I loved the hospitality! The food was good and the wait wasn't as bad as most. I wish we were seated faster but it is understood on a Sunday morning. I love Waffle House. All of them. Small little place but who cares. The food is always so yummy and I don't ever get sick of it. Would recommend any location. Mmmmmmm!! "I love this place. This is a great place for breakfast. I never got to try any other meals here Food is good - I had steak and eggs with grits. Steak is good - don't have High expectations and you won't be disappointed . It's Waffle House ! Clean restaurant with slamming grilled food . Waitstaff is pleasant and that's half the battle at any restaurant!  I'd recommend it anytime - just keep perspective of where you are !" The service was friendly and the place clean despite all the college kids.  Since the place is in a strip mall it would seem small when you see it from the street  sub-stantial?! Hardy har har. The booths and tables are super clean as were the restrooms. All in all "This is your typical Jersey Mikes sub shop.  I am a big fan of Jersey Mikes in general since their subs remind me of the subs I got growing up in NY.  My favorite way to get my sub done up is ""Mikes Way"" with no onion - Lettuce Good subs and cheesesteaks. Slammed at lunch. Clean. Plentiful parking.  but I will continue to go there because it is close to where I live. If it wasnt convienient I would be finding another location to buy my favorite sub from." "This location always slacks on meats and cheeses.. This has happened the last 4 out of 5 times I visited this location. The deli items are sliced extremely thin I can first start this off with Subway gives you more for you money but the subs here are sooo good! The peper relish is awesome. Sometimes there are way too many people in line but you know you can't say that's bad. I guess the long line reflects how good the food is! Make it less pricey and I would come here more often. This close to the Interstates so it's easy access and a quick bite to eat." Jersey Mikes has great subs so the food is fine. But this one could use a good cleaning. We went on a Sunday at 1:00. It wasn't crowded but it wasn't very clean. Staff was friendly & made our food quickly and just as we ordered it. Kids eat free on Sundays with purchase of a regular sub too. tuR6sBN9IwyLEg6KiuEXTQ  Club Supreme or a Philly and you won't be disappointed. Kids eat free at this location on Sundays and be sure to sign up for their loyalty card. If you get to know the guys "If you love cheesiness you have to get the chipotle cheesesteak. It's honestly one of the best subs I've ever had. I've been a couple of times where the bread wasn't the freshest  with the cheese melted all over it.  The only thing that could have really been improved upon was the service.  The girls looked bored and like they didn't really want to be there.  But then again they also looked like they were in high school Had some cole slaw as a side and yet again This place I need to visit more to try other things on the menu. The lemon cake was moist and tasty. I had inquired about it and when I got home there was a piece of lemon cake in my bag free of charge. The nice lady at the register was nice and friendly." They have some of the best chef salads in town. Their bacon cheeseburger combo is good as well.  but up there as far as delivery goes. You can find coupons in mail or on the net."  but I think this might be the kind of place that you have to sit there and eat so it all comes out super hot and fresh." I don't even have the words!  Don't even have an app to order if you send an update that the food is out for delivery but I have to call every 20 min wondering where it is Slow service...took almost two hours to deliver on two separate occasions. The food was cold both times. On the second occasion a BBQ cup had popped all over the food containers My daughter ordered garlic parmesan boneless wings and received original tame. As this was a to go order she didn't go back to get this rectified.  Way too much money for the wrong stuff! Ordered delivery food took two hours and was cold. Wing sauce was spilled all over bag. Worst place to order for delivery takes an average of 45mins to an hour & never have gotten my order correct stay away from this place I would have appreciated it they had stickers notes on the box for different flavors. We ordered 3 different sauces but did not know which one was what. It's really necessary since most of their orders are take aways." This place had a menu in the hotel where I was staying.  The hotel is next to the restaurant.  The menu heavily focused on delivery to the hotel and the ability to charge it to your room account.  I called and they seemed not to know anything about it.  Spoke with four people and ended up with a manger.  He told me cash only or 20% surcharge for delivery.  This additional charge should have been mentioned on the menu.  Clearly a scam by the restaurant.  I spoke with the hotel and they were not aware of a surcharge.  I'm giving this place a single star for unethical business practices.  They deserve zero stars.  I spent more than $20 for food I mostly tossed because of poor quality.  Next time I'll just get in the car and head out" "Stay away!!! We placed an order for delivery and was told it would be a 45 minute wait time... An hour and a half later our food arrived and everything was cold!! We had asked for bleu cheese there was none We called back when we got home and the manager did give us half off for the next time."  and the second time they said that the driver was out and there was nothing they could do. Food came two hours after we ordered it and was cold. They could have at least offered something for the inconvenience."  start answering your calls instead of asking people to hold every 8 mins for 30 mins." UvuUOiP0oIgJ2H_8J6h6Zg  the wings were good. as little on the pricey side  I just run past this conveniently located McDonald's (corner of Sardis and Monroe) and see a steady stream of cars rolling through the drive thru. One time I saw an old lady take a taxi through the drive thru. And once  then terrible at other times. I guess it depends n who is working and what time I go. I ordered a bacon egg cheese McGriddle got to work... opened the sandwich  staff is respectful and very rarely get my order incorrect." Ordered 2 gallon of sweet tea. Only to get home and find out that it was unsweet tea.  Very disappointed and don't have time to exchange before a party which we were going to use the sweet tea at.  Very disappointed. "Service at the payment window was pleasant. Service at the pick up window was efficient. Overall  I'm sticking to burger though."  Now the fries would have been good but made in old grease!"  our food was really good.  The burger was cooked all the way through and the fries were fresh and hot!"  is hit or miss. This location is hit or miss. Perhaps it depends on the day of the week. The food may or may not be hot. They may or may not have dressing for the salad. They may or may not have chicken cooked to go on the salad.  You may or may not want to wait for service on any given day." "THE most GHETTO ran Wendy's I have ever been to. I have never been more grossed out by eating in my life than I did when I ate here. The staff is GHETTO and RUDE and the food was HORRIBLE. It was cold and old food. I feel like I may get food poisoning after the few bites I ate of my chicken sandwich. I was going to complain  and the manager showed me the ranch in the bottle that was suppose to be on my sandwich and remade it. Wow imagine that someone who new how to make it without attitude. I'm still very disappointed money is money no matter where you spend it at. And I expect to get what I ask for with my money. Not something you just feel like free styling." SLOW and extremely rude.... Not worth the wait and if you hate your job so much don't work there. Quick drive-thru service and food served hot!  Staff was friendly.  Definitely coming to this location again.  but I'm sure the bureaucratic process must be slow in ensuring that pickles are accurately represented.  They also never gave me my free cup of water that I asked for on my second visit."  and only one time could've redeemed the initial low rating.  was here again and gave the woman 2.22 for my 2.17 bill and after she left and did something else for about 2 minutes despite the fact that i was otherwise all set  ""you get what you pay for"" applies here.  I will probably give this place another shot since it's right near my house when I need a BK fix I really didn't know what I was supposed to expect. The food always sucks What is really sad is that I like Burger King but refuse to eat there because of the horrible customer service and food. I have yet gone to a Burger King that has impressed me. It's like they don't want to be there and it takes FOREVER to order anything. Who's interviewing these people?  and disgruntled with customers. They were complaining to each other the whole time I sat there. I will NEVER go there again and will warn anyone who thinks of going there. That was the worst fast food experience I ever had in my life and I love Burger King. If you want a surprise burger  i always check my food now before I pull off. The pretty much make up their own hours vs whats on the door. I showed up once and they we're closed before its time and it wasn't even an holiday! Avoid at all cost I gave them an extra star because of how terrible their customers must be their employees.  They probably get yelled at all day by angry people and it's remarkable that they still choose to come to work." Two words.  Dirty and nasty. Better off driving 3 miles to the Steele creek McDonalds!  TV's and free WiFi. The parking lot is a bit weird to access. The shift manager who took my order was pleasant and quick. The restaurant was clean and the self-service area was stocked properly. I didn't check the bathrooms."  the PlayLand could also be protected better from the elements. I don't think there is any way an adult can make it to the top to clean it properly  kids running wild all over and have been waiting 15 mins for my food. I will never come back. I don't expect high quality food  it should be none. I noticed half thur her eating them. Then when I write in I get some generic email about sorry we didn't meet your expectations.  No you didn't meet the health departments expectation or mine. Beware!"   and the best indicator of bad management - the bathroom is disgusting. I'll keep on driving to a another one next time as I am sure it can't be worse than this one at the corner of Gold Hill Rd and SC hwy 160."  I came back since its on my to work in the mornings. What a turnaround they have made!  The employee John working the drive thru was a sheer delight. Go experience his customer service for yourself and you'll be blown away by his friendliness and courtesy.  People make the difference. No matter whether it's fast food or a 5-star Employees are unbelievably rude most of the time. I pulled up in the drive thru to pay for my order and the lady did not say one word to me. Not one! The service is also slower than I've encountered at any other McDonald's location. Work on training your employees Rude & cash only?!? No. She didn't say it was only cash & after waiting 15 minutes... Just no.  you would like poor customer service and ownership that does not support family values." Jersey Mikes subs are always great! They are a little pricey but  family run and very friendly.  They always remember us when we come in.  Can't go wrong eating here!" Super fast and friendly. I love this location! We got 2 hot subs during lunch hour and they were ready in a few minutes.  their flavor of the day: Swiss almond Christmas or something like that. Chocolate custard with slivered almonds. Yummo." "I wanted ice cream so my husband pulled off the highway at this Culver's. We opted to get the flavor of the day (cookie dough craving). I was disappointed to find that it was a chocolate custard with TONS of cookie dough chunks because I like custard and not just the mix-ins  and the fried cheese curds are to die for.  You don't find those floating around just anywhere.  But if there is anything you MUST get The difference between a deluxe burger and cheddar butter burger is that in the deluxe  it's sort of like eating cake batter or cookie dough. You can only have so much before you start getting that sickly feeling and start stirring that plastic spoon around and staring down the custard and wondering why you dont wanna finish. Yeah it's custard and it's heavy especially when you add every kind of peanut butter chocholate bar to the mix.Let me tell you those first five spoonfuls are pure goodness then it goes downhill. Less is more with this stuff let me tell you! Next time I am getting the smallest size If you're passing through Wisconsin Love it!!!!! Love it!!!!!! love it!!!!!!!   Who doesn't love Culver's! Everything was great except for the burgers they are greasy and very charred compared to other stores.  about $25 to feed our family of four there. That's pricey. Thank goodness for my inlaws and those gift cards!!"  food was the norm for Culver's fare. If you stop here (or any Culver's for that matter) do yourself a favor and get the cheese curds. It's a Culver's must!" Our kids each had a cheeseburger kids meal which came with fries or applesauce and choice of a drink (we did milk). Also on the kids bag there is a coupon for a free scoop of ice cream with your choice of toppings! Even on this cold day the custard was amazing! My husband had a butter burger and fries. Everything was tasty!!"  so they not pre-made.  They were brought out to the car.  Only took a couple of minutes.  The burgers were fantastic.  Hot and juicy.  The buns were grilled  so it was pretty quiet in the restaurant even though they had a fair amount of customers coming through (we were not the only ones in the restaurant by far).  The food was excellent and our order came as requested and with a smile!" I can't give this place 5 stars because fast food chains certainly don't warrant that sort of rating but it's quite solid nonetheless. 4 stars." I ate here regularly until I started dieting and cooking for myself."  friendly staff and very tolerant of kids- what's not to love?" Awesome Culvers. Great for the community of McFarland. Friendly customer service  for an enormous ice cream treat such a bargain. I really like their kid's meal deal - don't judge - as it offers a taste of everything (custard  so my husband went inside to ask about our order. They had no idea where it was. The employees inside had no idea that there was an order matching our number. Maybe someone gave our order to another customer. They asked my husband if he wanted to wait for them to make another meal. He requested his money back. But they didn't simply refund his money  Steve.   Steve has worked at Culver's for 16 years and was considered by many to be a great worker and was always a highlight of our visit to Culvers in McFarland.  Im not sure why or what the new ownership (who also owns Todd drive and Cottage Grove locations) was thinking with this move - perhaps greed.  I'm not alone with my stance of not supporting a business that discriminate.  They lost my business and many others are equally as outraged to hear about this." Hard to rate a McDonald's well.  I go through the drive thru most mornings for coffee and will eat lunch there from time to time.  Drive thru service is always great and restaurant is always clean.  They hire and retain good help.  it's a throw back McDonalds with a displayed old milkshake machine that triggered Ray Kroc's involvement in the company "This is the greatest McDonald's ever. I love it so much. Whenever I'm visiting 'Sconsin It's a McDonalds.  Bit of a 50's theme.  Always use the bathroom and it's always clean.  Decent service.  but we recently drove through here the other day for a diet coke......as others have said I honestly don't really love McDonald's but I do like their breakfast.  This McDonald's tops all of other McDonald's I've ever been to for service and happy employees!  however some lady who works there (drive threw) condescended me so that was annoying." 4 stars for Hardee's ?!?  It's no Culver's by a long shot but that Thick Burger was damn tasty !   I don't know if the restaurant was clean but the drive thru service was good.  with wood paneling straight out of the 80's and cheap plastic booths.  There's even a sterile-looking wall clock on one of the walls.  If you want to reminisce about a time before fast-food restaurants tried to be all trendy and hip  the new fresh-fried chicken strips they've introduced are orders of magnitude better than the old ones  I was totally alone. And I didn't go in the restaurant but it looked clean from the drive-thru window and that woman who took my order did a better than average job. I was kind of put off by their prices but it was totally worth every penny!" they play nice music and its very clean"  and then I had to sit there for almost 10 mins before I got my food.  A drive thru is suppose a little quicker service of getting your food.  And the food was not worth the price I paid for it.  This is not the first time I've had this kind of service there.  The people working there also don't seem like they want to be there.  I don't know why I even tried going back." KFJ1jBfFkRfyn3AoAUl3YQ Was craving a burger so I decided to stop at Hardee's.  Muhammad was friendly and efficient and my burgers were delicious as well!  Thank you! Fact: i have been to way too many Culver's locations of late. But this one is as great as the rest. Perhaps even better in that is isn't overly air-conditioned and has a unique seating layout reminiscent (in a good way) of old Country Kitchens. Cozier than other locations. Great and fast service. Tasty burgers. An excellent lunch on a day out doing wedding-related things with my mom. 4 stars!  and reasonably priced! And Sun Praire Culver's is by far the best in the area! Their staff is always on top of their game Lovely culvers! Delicious frozen custard and chicken strips. Fast service even when busy is always a nice touch. Some more organizing on how they determine who is next in line to order would be helpful as there is very little space to stand. Confusing parking lot but the food is always worth it. Props for having Udi's gluten free buns ($1 extra)." Don't go here! Worth the drive to anywhere other culvers! Decent Culver's from a service perspective but the food is as great as you would expect at a Culver's.   But no tv.   I thought all Culver's had tv's.  expect a higher quality of fast food. We personally love our Sun Prairie Culver's because they are very accurate with others and attentive to customers. There are also fantastic at giving back to the community." "I really enjoy their summer salads. They always taste good and fresh. Also RIsEPpt2jM7c_Ko_CyLwMw  since the car in front of you might be ordering Peanut Buster Parfaits for the entire marching band and you'd never know until it was too late). A couple of times I've dealt with employees who seemed to hate me and whatever I was ordering (the median age of these people seems to be about 19) I docked a star just because the place is so squished."  Culver's and most of all Kopps in Milwaukee. I'll never stray again. You shouldn't either." Don't go in the Drive Thru if there are more than 3 cars. You will sit there for 20 minutes. "Lifetime favorite. Restaurant was recently renovated Love me some A&W.   Best fast food out there and there needs to be more of them! "I love the root beer ! Service and atmosphere was cafeteria-like  but the real treat was a real frosty mug (eat in only) that I could fill myself at the beverage counter with straight from the barrel A&W root beer.  Now that was a really something special."  the food gets consistently worse. I wish we would have circled around the drive thru and given the food right back. Bland burgers  it was clean and the manager (maybe owner?) delivered our tray and was wiping tables. The food & root beer on tap was also great! After receiving the standard frosted glass mugs  the manager  owner really gave good customer service. They were very busy at lunch time and he every where making sure everyone had a good experience" Worlds slowest drive thru. I've been here at least ten times in the last year - guarantee you may have to wait up to ten minutes. If' you're cruising up or down 90 94 HGzdDbukK8RJEc623kLz5Q  very friendly. Not often I have a fast food experience this enjoyable. Food still tasted like...grease but as far as this set of employees goes I was very pleased."  I'd suggest you keep going and stop at the location in Waunakee or the location near East Towne Mall  hair in my ice cream and burgers that resemble dog food and that's enough for me. Ive never quite seen a burger paddy so thin and greasy before in my life. You've  got to be desperate to eat there." The bastard child of two sexy Culvers. It's disappointing for the North side of town. There aren't many options for ""fast"" food." "Staff was friendly and helpful.  The food was great as always.  We came here for a late dinner after flying into the airport.  The staff was ready to take our order.  When our meal came to the table Food and service here is always really good. Way better than most fast food joints. Love their burgers and fries and custards! "It broke my heart to see the staff make food for folks who didn't actually order it (appeared to have made too much) throw away the items that no one claimed. The staff should be trained to offer complimentary items when too much is made "I enjoy this location as much as I do the east town location. Both offer great service and good food. Ordered the seasonal pumpkin spice shake (I buy this at least once every fall). Wonderfully thick  service was excellent. The store was clean also the restrooms." PS: Perfect date spot for Valentine's Day. Highly recommended!!" And yes someone can contact me if they'd like." No play area for kids.  This is a very small McDonalds." Brand new building. Service is good here and quick. Half of the parking lights are out and building less than a year old. I'm greeted by an angry person 4 out of every 5 times I go there.  This morning a woman didn't even look at me and started walking away before I even got my hands on the bag.  I've never been more dissatisfied with such customer service.  and you get fast food hell. Avoid at all costs - go to another Wendy's - any other Wendy's."  BUT I have been to this location and the fish hatchery location and the newer thicker beef patties have a strange old meat flavor. Not sure when or if I will go back. This used to be a favorite. Very disappointed. I wish they would go back to the old style of burgers."  neither their service nor their friendliness has declined. Wendy's is exactly what it is: fast food. I can tell you that their food is always made fresh and they never forget the simple things like ketchup if I ask for it  the bathroom was so nice and the people seemed so friendly that I would have felt guilty if I left without buying something. So  y'all. A man can drive in the dead of night with something like ten pounds of toxic food while blaring Pantera  but shouldn't they know what ""carbonation"" is?  I asked what drinks they had available that were non-carbonated and the kid didn't understand and had me pull around.  I asked again  so I'm going to guess that these poor souls aren't paid enough to care." Dining room is a little dingy for a chain. Ripped seat cushions and a messy condiment bar. Drive through does not get orders exact ( e.g. Ask to hold the cheese ensures a hamburger with cheese).  it's still Wendy's food.  And that's only okay."  quick and my order is always right. It is a nice little stop when you consider that the rest of the road does not have much to offer."  soda and of course a frosty.  Likely the hamburger Gave me food poisoning Friday night.  My husband and son were ok I will say they are very awesome with kids and generous with the free little dishes of custard for them."  I crave it and I am not a fast food person!   They custards are to die for and I am glad that I do not live by a culvers because I would probably try to eat there every day!  I love their food  and you will never see a mess on the floor or at the condiment station. I think this is because the owner takes great pride in his resteraunt I have to also add in that this location is always busy. Always busy! Cars coming onto the road busy  I like this place.  Typical Culver's."  let's not even talk about the malts!  OMG  the family that runs is  very hardworking serious about their bussiness and satisfying customers. thanks  this flavor did nothing for it." My only request is that it was a richer butter flavor. The creaminess just wasn't there. However Boring.  I do not feel like I had many piece of the ""drummy.""  It was vanilla ice cream with a couple of pieces of waffle cone.  I should have just gotten vanilla and skipped the frustration." The only knock I could issue against this place is the layout of their parking lot isn't great.  It could get fixed.  If you park on the right-hand side of the lot No. Just say no. The blueberries are REALLY hard and frozen. They are like little flavored icicles.The ice cream part was delicious. It really had a rich cheesecake flavor. I would love to have regular cheesecake custard. It was hard to enjoy because the blueberries were SO hard."  this flavor? Total let down. It was too sweet and did not have a good cream flavor. Making cream flavored ice cream and adding chocolate does not make it Boston Cream. The effort was there but the execution was sad." Culvers CATERS! Yes. This is something many people do not know. Call your nearest Culvers for more information. I've used the catering services twice and both times were fantastic!"  decent food at a decent price. The staff can be friendly depending on the person and the day they're having. All in all just what you need out of fast food." My only complaint which is of no fault of Culver's is the fact there is no left turn arrow on Cottage Grove Road going west onto Lumberman's Trail making getting into Culver's from the east very difficult due to a lot of on coming traffic.  Hopefully in time this will be rectified." Service was friendly and fairly fast. I could not bear to give this less than 2 stars based upon only reviewing one menu item fresh and I have never had a problem. they have  accidently given me extra fries and did not charge.this place has been consistently good and fairly fast for the price it is great!" :| It's not that this place is specifically bad. I think Steak 'n Shake is just not my style. The burgers are too floppy and sad and astoundingly greasy. Shakes are so sweet it hurts. This place could be good if the management got its act together." "This place is sad. From the time we walked in until the time we left I witnessed so many things wrong the health board would shut them down. First a waiter eating a bag of potato chips on duty at the bar talking to 2 girls.  Then the guys cooking the burgers starts talking to them. He puts on one of the girls sunglasses and continues to cook. Then he gives them back and plays with he key chains. Then cooks again. Never washing his hands and never wearing gloves. Then I see our waiter come out of the back eating food as he is getting our drinks  and I can only imagine what goes on with the food preparation.  Save your hard earned money and avoid this Steak 'n Shake at all cost." Server was good but the kitchen sucked. 20 min for a chicken melt and a chilli Mac. Last time I will go to this location. The waitress was rude. Rolled her eyes at us. Kept looking down at us and service was slow. Her attitude was horrid. Do not go. The manager was no help. Ordered a bacon lettuce and tomato sandwich and it had one half strip of bacon on it now that's what I call cheap and poor quality control they don't seem to care about their customers like they used to.  then in a few minutes the food. After another ten minutes asked one of the girls behind the counter if the shake we ordered was ready and she snapped ""they must be making it"". Another ten minutes of several staff members ignoring me and I finally had to walk over to a waiter despite two girls standing with nothing to do behind the counter. There were very few customers and lots of staff  only bums go to Mcdonalds...  but this mcdonald's poppin'!! It's where all the cool kids hang out  they tell you they gave you a straw in your bag but you look in it after you drive away and it's not there. Liars!"  they make you pay for any bbq sauce you want ($0.25/pack); I think it's sort of ridiculous  that you can't get free bbq sauce with your chicken sandwich."  and a packet of Paul Newman's salad dressing (enough for three side salads)."  you can upgrade your drink to a large free of charge because all drinks are $1!!!"  even though I had the receipt that showed I'd paid for a large.  Twice for breakfast I've ordered an egg mcmuffin meal and one time got a bacon egg & cheese the next time I got 2 yogurt parfaits.  I didn't realize either time until I got to work.  I called the last time it was wrong and they said ""well do you wanna come back""  SERIOUSLY.  I'm guessing they can't leave after work stars and neither can I.  Done with this McD's.  There's a Hardee's half a block away and I'll just head there from now on." "It's not much different from most other McDonald's. Even if they are really busy The service is horrendous. Went there numerous times and my orders have been messed up. Idk if there's an issue with management or with the workers but they need to shape up."  considering how crowded the place was on a Monday at 2:30 in the afternoon." My first mcdonald when i got to america. The playground smells horrible. The other side is missing. The server gave us the wrong nugget sauce and forgot to put our fries in the bag. Terrible service and  management." xH5axHFadmc7Veutt376TA  and this is the worst.  I have actually been sitting in line to pick up my food after ordering and listened to the window person chat about the morning news with the vehicle ahead of me.  This has happened more than once!  Are you freaking kidding me?  This is fast food not your local coffee shop.  Oh  out of 6 visits they have only had the bagged ice once. Why??? And offering me a large cup of ice for the same price is not gonna make me happy Mr. Manager. Just bag that ice up...."  from order to picking up should be no longer than 90 secs. This must not be a practiced any longer.  I have to say hello when I drive up to the speaker due to getting no response. Then I get someone who is rude and say's yes. I order the big mac deal Both times I've sat inside and both times I've overheard the same bitching several times over... .the manager having to continually tell a male employee (not kidding around)  and the chicken was slimy and smelled like it was rotting. I haven't eaten McDonald in over a year before trying it again and I found it to be just as disgusting as the last time." Homeless change clothes right in the store." Sorry but frappes are like my crack so don't mess that up."  then a fight broke out in the Parking lot as we were leaving. Gotta remember not to return here ever! Yeesh! :-/" I asked for no onions and pickles but I might as well have asked for a punch in the mouth because I got neither. "Bad service. They were slow to give my order even though they were only a few customers that time. Also I spotted a few homeless guys just outside sitting. Not only that I haven't been to McDonald's in about 5 or 6 years and no reason to ever go again." Totally a little cutie!" Don't even bother coming here. This was supposed to be the future of McDonald's. Kiosks where you could order your food and not interact with people. But unfortunately that did not happen. The people behind the counter looks like they shouldn't even be here and They don't want to be here. Why the hell are they getting paid $15 an hour? But the new building is nice but that's not a good enough reason to come and actually get food.  so i rephrase and say "" can I have a light iced coffee"" they know what it means because it is on the sticker on my cup right now... and my coffee is literally white... so now it is going in the trash and I just wasted $2. I don't need diabetes in a cup 2nd time at this new location and again they have no ice cream products due to machine being down. Worst part is that you are then stuck in the line trying to get out of the drive thru. Total waste of time. Visit another location. "they don't serve burgers after 330am due to the new 24 hour breakfast. management must be a little ""slow"" on the uptake to not be able to serve breakfast and burgers at the same time. might be the dumbest move financially."  and staff is not welcoming at all. I would also give a zero if I could."  I would not hesitate to stop by. This is a good location." "They are always screwing up my order and sometimes the food is sloppy. But "They almost NEVER have mcflurries. It's always ""we're out of icecream"". Really? At 1pm on a Tuesday afternoon? I've tried multiple times and they just never have it. They also quite frequently mess up our orders. Staff doesn't seem to care. Rude! I wish it were better because I live around the corner. After not having mcflurries again yesterday AND messing up our order we wont be eating here anymore. Sonic down the street from now on." Well I must say this was the first time I had ever eaten at Schlotzsky's Deli although I have heard of it before.  I loved it.  There was wonderful taste to the food.  I ordered a pastrami on rye and I haven't had that well tasting of a sandwich in years.  I'm not one for sandwich's in general.  I have eaten at other fast food sandwich shops and find this by far better then any other place.  The price is a little more then most of the fast food sandwich shops but well worth it.  Flavor and quality of food alone.  This is not processed meat . I ate at this Schlotzsky and the one in Scottsdale where I had a wonderful salad filled with meat and cheese.  I highly recommend. Very rude service. Poor choices of sides (e.g. no french fries)  but if you go here anytime soon I highly recommend the Sedona Chick. So yummy!" "Not sure why this location has received so many bad reviews! I used to work directly across the street from this location and would go here for lunch AT LEAST 2 times a week. I still make it down there occasionally since i no longer work in phoenix. The owner and his wife are always so sweet and chatty  and this has been seen and reported on by other Yelp reviewers (hence the poor review rating overall).  I didn't have this experience Complaints to the headquarters go unanswered. So I assume Schlotzsky's does not care about customers."  pickles and sauce. The coworkers that eat the sandwiches are always pleased with the product and I don't have anything but good things to say." "I am a huge fan of Schlotzsky's sandwiches but the price and caloric intake are a bit much to take in on a frequent basis. I have been to this location several times because it is close to my job but have experienced mixed emotions with the staff. Some are extremely friendly (like the lady who calls out your sandwich order) and some are a little rude. The older man who works there  the preparer Hedi (sp) said it was Peter. I told Peter that I felt I was disrespected because he wouldn't let me eat there. Peter said he had problems with people staying ""at least 45 minutes"" after closing and thinks that ""other Black people think that he (Peter) talks rude to them."" When I told him I would make a complaint  and unfortunately still looking for a convenient and tasty lunch spot." "I have been coming to this Schlotzsky's for 6 years. The old man is the rudest a**hole you will EVER meet! Half the time he helps me and when he does he talks to me like I am a 5 year old and is EXTREMELY condescending. Even while taking my money he was being sarcastic and rude. When confronting him about the way he spoke with me and how he does it EVERY time I come in I'm going to miss that place and that older lady.  Hope you both are well."  I straight up got someone elses order. I got a friggin chicken sandwich. I'll make the trek to another store from now on. This one is just craptastic." You know you just never know if you will like something until you try it. I tired it and that is enough. Nice friendly folks though. I do like friendly."  but was clean and well kept.  The staff was friendly as well.  I am fatter for the experience."  but is it worth the wasted gas idling in the drive thru and the potential that they will mess your order up 25 percent of the time?"  and think about what you want to do next w/r/t your art and just what the fuck are you doing with your life anyway that you think waiting outside the Whataburger for ten minutes is keeping you from actualizing some potential self that may be far better served by simply having to wait a moment for your food?" My only complaint is that it seems to be Hobo-Town in this neighborhood. You almost have to run to your car."  I get chicken strips. It is the only place I can think of that gives you a piece of toast with your meal." It cost a litle more to eat here but I think it is so worth it.  Generally spend $9 to $11 per adult." This was a good burger and definitely brought me back home!" This one I rounded up from 3.5 just because." food! We both had the runs after eating a green chili double burger and a fish sandwich. I would not recommend this place to anyone!"  this is pretty damn good." The service at this location is always top notch. Friendly and professional." I love me some Whataburger but will no longer be visiting THIS location."  the mayo tasted rancid and the chicken was not hot. I threw out he sandwich. It was disgusting."  plain and dry medium meal. Everyone there is pretty friendly. Food is my favorite for fast food!! My burger is SOOOOOOO good. The fries are hit and miss. Sometimes they are hot and fresh and amazing. Sometimes they are cold and soggy." I don't know what everyone else on here is talking about; this Whataburger is super fast!  The entire drive thru process took a grand total of four minutes.  Great place to stop for a quick lunch when you work downtown.  expect to wait 20 minutes if there is nobody in front of you.  If there is This is my second visit here with orders from Postmates customers tonight and sometimes when they place orders we need clarification on what they are requesting. I asked Stephanie (the snotty chick working the drive thru) to hold while I figured this order out. Once I placed the order. Her comment on if I was sure that's what I wanted was not necessary. I was going to place another order for food for myself but quickly changed my mind. I'd rather give my money to another business. Hopefully I don't have to come back here tonight and if I do I hope she's not the one taking my order.  onion sauce. That kind of burger. I'll say nothing about their other food items. Why this Whataburger gets four stars is the outstanding customer service we received here. Yes Very good business just a little slow with the drive threw but it's okay the food makes up for it! Not too bad for fast food. Burger comes with mustard & pickles which I always ask them to leave off. More reasonably priced than some other drive thoughts. My daughter likes their chicken strips. Some dam good fast food... it was a 70s decor tgat reminded me of the movie falling down... "For a fast food restaurant Whataburger has a good burger as well as chicken sandwiches. Their meat is flavorful and the entire sandwich is seasoned well. They have worked hard to make it more like an eat in restaurant rather than what most know as fast food. You order at the counter I'm sitting here pondering my stone cold burger...  Ordered around midnight.  Wondering if it was made last dinner rush.   The fries were nuclear hot.   What happened?  As added insult Their drive thru is the slowest drive thru to the point you have to tailgate to get your food. Especially don't go after 6pm. The drive thru is 15 minutes for each car that's in it. Hope this helps you to never eat and waste your time on this garbage food.  but the food wasn't over the top or anything special in my opinion" Only reason for 4 stars is that when I was eating mine you could tell they just slapped everything together and was kinda messy and I had to set it up to eat it." "I was really excited to finally try whataburger. More like what a disappointment. I tried both the whataburger and the whatachicken. The chicken sandwich was actually really good. Maybe it was just too hyped. Either way  no one wants a completely squished burger. Could have went to McDonald's and get a NOT squished burger. Maybe it is just this location Drive out from Moreno Valley ca. To watch a dodger game and first stop was whataburger. So so good Good and speedy services.  You now need a token to use the restrooms.  I always have a better day after the way you treat me and every other customer who comes through the que." Btw I come to this location at least three times a week. Keep up the great work!!!!" Really fast. Fresh French fries is a plus I ordered paid and recieved my food in less than 3 minutes. The girl that was working was determined to be get me in and out fast. "They are always quick with the food. The food tastes like Wendy's food should taste like. And "This location is up and down on there service. I eat here 5 days a week. I do the drive thru and dine in ocationally. The dine in is out of the question for a petite girl unless your packing pepper spray or a gun. A man standing at the foutain drink machine asked me for change! I told him ""no""and he smiled and stared me down until I filled my drink and walked away! Gross people wondering around stumbling into this location. I forgot to get napkins and I was fearful to go back up there because the creepy man was continuing to ask everyone who ordered for money. A man did notify the teller who then got a manager but the creeper was gone.Not a good place to bring your mother or children. The staff are all very nice and prompt however the drive thu needs a little fine tuning. Three separate ocations they completly forgot something. Spoon for chilli I always get a hamburger with mayo.  I was drunk the first time I had it and thought it was the best thing I had ever eaten.  Now that I've eaten it while sober "I never thought any fast food (outside of In N Out) would get more than 4 stars. Besides the fact that their food tastes like roadkill And can I just say - what better idea than to order and have food brought to your car in the winter in New England? Brillant ...and that was and is how I met a Sonic."  looking forward to a return for another power lunch." Great place and Anthony was very nice.  Quick and good I think I will be back next time in AZ :)" Grape slushie....Mmmmmm."  off we go to the local Sonic for mozerella sticks and the foot long Coney Island chili dog." po5FyERB4lUZNnBIwnhFlg http://www.sonicdrivein.com/"  by the time it arrived it was after 8:00. They are offering their half price shakes after 8:00. Even though it was delivered after 8:00 they wouldn't give it to me at half price because I ordered it one minute too soon.  I hate lazy workers who don't want to be bothered making things right for a customer." press the red button it lights up......nothing we do it again...nothing. People next to is pulled up and ordered already. So we back out and go into another menu same thing waited about 2 min then they finally answered I asked is one of you menu broken? They said nope. So I told them what happens and we been waiting for 5-8 mins for someone to answer then they said o yeah one of the menus is broken. So I'm like alright and we ordered room about 15 min till our order came and that's when we were in a rush. Another time my bf ordered chili cheese fries they gave him what looked/tasted like plastic cold cheese fries and my strawberry limeade had way to many strawberry chunks in it I felt like I didn't even drunk anything mostly ate the strawberries and could really taste some syrup Idk it was too sweet! They need to retrain or idk but they been messing up a lot. Not gonna go here again"  or order at the drive through and act really confused when you can't find the drive through window.  Just make sure you try the cherry limeade - trust me on this one." I love the ambience of SONIC...it reminds me of the old drive-ins on Happy Days. It brings that feel-good vibe "The customer service at this Sonic is HORRIBLE!!!   I just went there tonight and above each of their parking slots and above their to go menu board are the signs that say ""1/2 price shakes after 8 pm"" and when I went to order 4 shakes for me and my co-workers I was told that they ""Don't do this anymore Overall I will keep on coming back for the main 3 items."  but my drink was also filled to the top with ice leaving very little room for actual soda.  I will not be returning to this location as this is the second time I have had service issues."  I asked for no lime lady tells me she thought I ment no lime peel ... ??? For my bad service I asked for a strawberry shortcake smoothy and was told can't do it due to the price difference. I explained my past service and she reconsidered and came back with a mini lmao I ordered a medium drink and was bought a mini how is that great service. But also for my trouble I was given a free ice cream cone coupon !!!"  but I thought perhaps they would have improved over the years. All I learned today is that ordering a meal with onion rings at Sonic will yield you precisely one onion ring I had a sausage biscuit with a kick ass looking buttermilk bun that was infused with syrup.  The meat was spicy (ala McDonnalds) but the rest was just yucky.  I highly recommend you skip Wendy's for breakfast.  Bummer."  last thing I want after a 4hr flight and landing in 100+ weather is hot g4Eit1EeeEGhTVik6AWYsA This Wendy's is no better than any other Wendy's. However Wendy's is probably the best of the fast food joints.  I hope you try harder to take the time to do it right. I believe in you." Don't go to this Wendy's unless you are willing to wait in line for a long time while some weirdo is glancing at you every thirty seconds." "I had a bad experience several weeks ago where I had to pull up and wait for my food. The wait was over 10 minutes and after all of that my order of bacon was not in the bag. I had to go in and wait in line to get the item. I'm all for second chances so today I went to Wendy's and once again I was asked to pull up to the palm tree. I timed it and once again I waited over 10 minutes for my food. It was a breakfast meal and not even close to the end of the serving time.They came out with the food and this time I checked and no bacon. She went in and did bring it out to me this time  but left without anything.  The patron two cars in front of me apparently thought she was ordering at a fine dining establishment.  It's Wendys not a fancy steakhouse. While waiting for this person to finish ordering her lenghtly and detailed order So incredibly gross. SO gross. Gross. Don't go here This review is pretty much for the limited time Chicken Flat bread.  I really liked this sandwich.  It is better than their hamburgers.  Quite a lot of flavor.  I hope to see it back soon.  Not much else to brag about this place.  The salads and chili are just maybe ok. This Wendy's isn't the worst but it certainly isn't the best. Sometimes they get my order wrong but they're close by. I really like one of their managers who is here during the weekdays. He is very good at keeping the staff on their toes but I haven't seen him as recently as my last visit. The drive thru service is horrible with errors from ordering to inability to understanding the English language. This place has gone downhill. My be got food here once and all of it was just thrown together and cold . I thought I'd play it safe and get a frosty today since my one surgery can't eat fast food . So there was something in my frosty I almost puked and had to throw it away . Don't go to this location The location of this Wendy's is across for the VA hospital.  So you will see a lot of doctors or nurse here and sometime patients.  I will say that this Wendy's could use a makeover.  Hopefully one day they will  I order the same thing. A junior cheeseburger with a cesar side salad. Every time I get the wrong items. I'm getting real tired of it. I've worked the drive thru at fast food places. It's seriously not that hard. Come on people...." "We used to have a Wendy's down the street and it was perfect for those nights when you didn't want to cook.  It closed and one of the ""bertos"" burrito places but I digress.  The dollar menu is great ans the choice of fries or salad ia nice.  I also love love love the full size salads.  I miss our old close one but we'll often go for a quick dinner - just further"  I was  just in there and overheard the manager saying ""stop taking orders"" I assumed he said that because he thought it was too much to handle. It really wasn't busy. The restaurant needs all new employees and management  #sorrynotsorry"  I will check my order and make them fix it before they can help the next person. ."  frostys are delicious and also like the free style coke machine." This is ridiculous.. tomorrow I will head in and speak with the manager.. but since I've just gotten off a 16 freakin hour shift I'm just to tired and frustrated to go and not say something I shouldn't about the lack of iq points the employees seem to share.."  your very grateful to be able to get to a restroom. This place don't even service there restrooms often like other places. I brought it to the attention of the cashier when I order my food and she said she would get someone to take care of it. I got my food  I was greeted with a friendly smile at the pick up window. The food was fresh and the service was great!"  then I had to wait in line all over again just to order. Shortly after that  bit into a burger and it tasted like fish. I immediately became ill. The management was none too concerned. I was told it must have been random because they pulled the sleeve of meat and there was nothing wrong with it. All I know is I vomited in their bathroom and my daughter became ill. If you value your digestive system  papers and spoons on the floor. Behind the counter wasn't a pretty picture either. They weren't busy and should have been cleaning. You know what they say...""If there's time to lean  got my change and drove off.  But I started thinking on the way home: could that have been a secret code? For a drug-deal? Or some cool rave party? Damn! I should have said ""YES!"" I could've had some extra fun with my Parfait!  Oh The ugly: The damage those Blizzards are doing to my heart and ass"  but once the window a Hispanic man in his early 20s handed us our amazing shakes and was so friendly.  He was overly kind and made me wish I had gotten his name as we drove away." We went for  soft serve cones on July 11 in the early evening.  The ice cream was smooth and creamy and certainly hit the spot.  What impressed me the most was the friendly staff!  They are awesome. Oh and nice folks and a decent price." Not a lot to say here but I've never had bad service here and the drive thru seems to be always busy so  and efficient. Even thanked us for our business on our way out. My only compliant was the place was a little too small  his favorite.The staff is awesome they work hard and always greet you with a smile!  Very clean restaurant! Great job!"  so I reached for the door and it was locked. I decided to wait 5 minutes in the chair outside and watched an employee walk in and lock the door behind him so I left. Needless to say if your establishment opens at 10:30 then be prepared to open at 10:30. They lost my lunch business for today." zZmhEpiVpRfFQid87-pcOQ zZmhEpiVpRfFQid87-pcOQ My only concern was how well they cleaned the Blizzard machine. Just looked like it needed some cleaning. No one got sick so probably fine too." "I loved DQ as a kid and practically lived there as a teenager.  Fast forward many years and I am now rediscovering the joy of their soft serve.  I am an ice cream fiend and DQ's vanilla cones just seem to hit the spot these days.  Something about the cold "Slowest moving Dairy Queen I have ever been to! Went at 2 and took 20 minutes for my order which was the lunch deal for one not any big order  I am giving this place 1 star because they only have vanilla soft serve.... Why not chocolate?! I find this very strange and annoying.  OWN that summer job! Lol" The line was long but did move quickly.  We can cones and then tried the new Apple blizzard and the pumpkin blizzards.  They were both outstanding and reasonably priced . It is too bad that they do not serve both of these choices after december  and maybe even pay with cash cuz last time I checked the 8 and the 10 weren't ""next to each other"" on a keyboard and I am not sure there's a plausible excuse for this accidentally happening. I am thinking that that employee thinks he's running some kind of scam where he skims a couple bucks off every credit card transaction and pockets the extra money at the end of the day and that's some bullsh*t. I will be contacting the store directly tomorrow to voice my concerns with their manager although maybe he or she's in on it too. Might be best to avoid this location unless you're actually wanting give your money away to dishonest people." I am disgusted with the restaurant!!! Let's see... cater to kids and tell my 5 year old grandson to cross a seriously busy street (Central Ave.) to use the bathroom at a Boston Market.  How about this Dairy Queen... Get a F'ing bathroom for your patrons!!!!  It is pitiful you can't even wash your hands before you eat - that leaves us with the question what your employees do when they need to wash or use the restroom while preparing patron's food. Waiting a while for my Sunday but it's well worth it I would recommend the strawberry cheese quake blizzard It was a rather warm day so an ice cream cone on the run provided a cooldown.  Thanks I walk over here when I get hungry during long days in the studio as its right around the corner. Yay for tacos and cheesy fries."  the problem just occurred again today.  Management has more work to do." It's jack in the box so you know what to expect but this is one of the few jack in the box locations that is not stingy at all with the condiments. I ordered a snack box and asked for ranch (you can put ranch on almost anything at jack) I got 5 containers of it. Don't mind me just getting excited over ranch. "How does a fast food joint get four stars?? This is when I know not to take Yelp seriously. This garbage is the epitome of Ill take the East Coast's Cookout any day. Jack you are too proud of your food."  was the best SDJ ive had in ever. Gentleman at the window addressing customers was courteous and professional  (or so they appeared) walk up to the beverage counter with unbranded Styrofoam cups and helped them selves to a drink of their choosing. All the while the Manager and other crew members seemed to turn a blind eye to this seemingly petty crime. All that said Never again. Really !!!!!!!" What a slow ass drive through!!! How does this constitute fast food? Everytime I hit this McDonalds it's so slow.....  posted for wrong McDonalds originally."  for a MacDonald's the food is generally acceptable. Today I got the number 2. 2 cheeseburgers a fry and a drink. The fries were alright. The cheeseburgers were ok once you got past the dried buns that tasted like they had been out of the package for hours. I was there approximately noon. The parking lot was full but the dining room wasn't. It didn't take long to give my order or get my food. Unlike other reviewers i didn't use the bathroom but this is only the second McDonald's i have been in in the valley where they ration napkins. No napkin dispenser out where customers can get to them. Nice new fancy menu board. The owner very needs to put less time Now this is one fancy treat! I went to this mcdonalds late saturday night and almost blew out my britches from the terrible burger king the night before when I realized how good the golden arche's prices treat ya! With the cost of gas more than your neighbors flapjack its hard to imagine how they cram all that chicken in each nuggy and keep it only a dollar to add on to ANY combo meal. 5 stars! The pm crew leaves a bit to to be desired "I'm a social worker who visits homes in central Phoenix and this is my go to McDonald's when I need a cheap coffee or if I need to use the bathroom. This is the cleanest/safest McDonald's in the area and I never hesitate to stay here to do work if I'm feeling too cheap to hit up Starbucks. I've encountered the occasional weirdo  soggy fries!  The workers consistently sound irritable and commonly get your order wrong.  I usually would not waste my time reviewing a McD's but after 10+ visits to this McD's I am thoroughly dissatisfied.  Do your self a favor and drive down the road to the next McD.  Especially if you want hot When I am traveling I often go to a MacDonald's for breakfast.  I usually need to eat something and can count on pretty standard fare and a decent price.  If it's just before catching a plane in the morning I wish I would have asked his name. I think people deserve credit for doing things like that It is so unhealthy and gross! the chicken there isn't even real. YUCK!!! The staff is friendly and always make sure ur order is right. The food is done very fast and it taste great. Slow. Wrong order and didn't ask if i wanted cream and sugar. Saw one guy walking around aimlessly looking at the register. Wont be coming back. gI4K9HiRGqsWRnpQ5x5F-A  place is dirty and food not cooked well." If I could give this restaurant negative stars I would! Mcdonalds service has gone so down hill and managers don't care. Never going back. It's McDonald's so you know the menu and prices but do you know the location. This location is updated and clean. Fast friendly service both in the restaurant and at the drive thru. It is a busier location due to being centrally located but that does not stop this location from getting the job done. I waited 45 minutes in the drive through line with 3 cars in front of me. The cashier did not even apologize for the wait. Very disappointed.  they just looked at me and started talking to their friends. I almost turned around and walked out. The customer behind me was getting the same treatment. Thank you for your time." 74NT13vpDleoNrkxQdEpsQ "My favorite fast food restaurant for my French fries needs! Quick and great customer service. They are in a busy intersection so it is usually a busy drive-thru "This place is HORRIBLE!!! Most of the time it's filthy and the people that work there are not very friendly "This place is HORRIBLE!!! Most of the time it's filthy and the people that work there are not very friendly The Mexicans here are very rude and will never get your order right.  I would ignore this place due to its lack of communication and poor customer service.  Good luck trying to get 15$ an hr for what you do.  Thumbs down! "I searched online for a cosmetic dentist prior to my son's wedding in December of 2012. I just wanted to have composite redone on one of my front teeth. I should say that the office is lovely During my initial visit I was told that veneers on my two front teeth would look wonderful. The first flag was the expense - $1585 per veneer.  Keep in mind that this was Christmas time and before my son's wedding. They made it sound so wonderful and easy that I decided to go for it (despite the hefty expense).  but the resulting temporaries looked very good. I was happy. The following month is when the veneers were applied - then the nightmare began. The first set of veneers were applied in January of 2013 and were not bad  they fell out three times while I waiting weeks for the new veneers to come in. One time they fell out on a Saturday so I was toothless and couldn't leave the house until Monday morning.  Another time it was on a Thursday night when I was leaving on a airplane the next day. Luckily During this time the office double billed my debit card - $900 and it took several days to correct. Then the new veneers came in and they were still too long. And the shape never came out the same as the temporaries and the veneers are opaque unlike natural teeth so now my teeth don't match. Then I've always had nice teeth - and have always been known for my smile - and now I don't want to smile. Three other dentists have told me that I will need to have a minimum of 6 new (but probably 10) veneers to make my teeth blend and they all agree the teeth are bulky and opaque. My front teeth also protrude now - almost like I need braces and my front teeth are long and hang over my lowers (which wasn't the case before). By the way I met with Dr. Price to get my money back for the two veneers (I had also had spent 2k on other work which was done well) and she said that she had told me I would need to have more veneers from the start but that is not the case. I would NEVER have agreed to get the two front veneers done if I knew this - this would cost 10K or more! Now I am looking to going through the pain and expense of getting a full set of veneers PLUS pay to have the two front ones redone. I don't have the money or the time. Wow really bad service tonight! The lady was rude and cut me off 3 times. Then i asked a simple question and was ignored until I pushed the button and got another girl on the intercom. Really disappointed. Warning: you cannot leave a tip on a credit card payment.  I HATE that...especially when there is no warning. I'm left feeling like a d-bag cheapskate "Somehow I always end up moving or helping a friend move in the dead heat of a Phoenix summer. This is the only time I want a soda Cons: Greasy fast food. I prefer McDonald's fries." Sonic is great. Great beverages and treats. This particular location is good. I have never had any issues with them.   nobody managing what is going on. We left down the street to subway!" I'll keep coming back for the Lemonberry slush  however today my experience was less than pleasant they made my drink wrong and then replaced it with the drink I actually ordered but it was only 3/4 full with the nerd candy just dropped right on top not mixed in or anything. Andthe other slushi I ordered doesn't even barely have flavor.. Sad cuz I go here all the time but this is the second time I have had a problem with them. On the other occasion I ordered the sonic burger and it had no flavor to the meat the bread was soggy and it was all burnt and smooshed and tasted terrible but now something has happened twice so I guess I will be avoiding sonic for awhile" tater tots with chili. yum." How are you going to advertise new creamery shakes but your employees have never tried them and can't tell me about them??? That's a sign that I need to take my fatass home vs drinking a shake at 10pm. **puts car in reverse**...Good night! N-gqIeVDebI3qgwxf1jMcw N-gqIeVDebI3qgwxf1jMcw don't get me wrong mcDonalds is good but at specific locations it varies this is one of them i ordered drive thru for me and my lil one and well we got food poisoning next day we at first said cant be McDonalds but that was one of the last things we ate the prior day i hate to type this but watch out for sure "20 McNuggets for under $5. When I crave a McDonald's cheeseburger This particular McDonald's is actually decent. The cashiers sometimes have a hard time understanding English but usually get my order correct. And I usually only wait an average of seven minutes for my order to be ready. The cleanest McDonald's restaurant I've found with great customer service.  It's not five-star dining but it is five-star fast food. All in all I'm happy with this location."  I may not know what's in the food I am eating but at least it satisfied my last guilty pleasure cant say I will be back any time soon FRDZ59oRvUSs4gf-itOCBg Had a major late night craving. Since Jack in the Box has late hours I went through the drive thru. I was immediately greeted and my order was placed on the screen right. As I drove up to the window the cashier was friendly and took my money. Given a receipt along with my change my food was quickly prepared. This late night snack was the Chicken Fajita Pita. Mighty tasty I have to say. My food was hot and fresh. I will be back again.  none of tables were cleaned off. They also got my order wrong. The lady was nice  bedrock service.  Kudos to the mgr. Your guys and gals do a terrific job."  the tea was not fresh.  It was gross and I threw it away.  Shame on you for not keeping fresh tea on hand on a hot day!" This location is nice in the early mornings to get in and out. Be careful later in the day as the drive thru gets very congested due to the location." Exemplary customer at drive thru. Very friendly. Great food. "I love this location.  Everyone is really nice.  And the speed of the service is amazing.  You may be the 7th car in the drive-thru "Busy location. Clean and modern interior  and some times we have had an issue in other places where they help the drive through customers really fast and those that went inside have to wait longer... Does not seem to be an issue here." Y_dzA9OHRKa0X1cqcRmsaw  list location is pretty nice. They get you in and out pretty quickly and I've never had a problem with the food. It also feels cleaner than most fast food restaurants I've been to. Maybe because it's a fairly newer location. My son would give it five stars because he loves their happy meals. I like their grilled chicken wraps a lot and their coffee is also very good. When I'm craving iced tea you can't beat their $1 pricing. Overall I'm a fan! As good as fast food can get!" She was very helpful - Thank you!"  going in to eat was another story. Went in on Saturday around 2pm. The lady that took our order was not paying attention and was turned around talking in Spanish to what looked to be her manager the whole time. We held out our card for a while before she turned around to continue processing our order and really made us feel like we were bothering her. Everyone continued to goof around and speak only Spanish very loudly. I understand if there is no one inside but to continue to crack jokes/laugh in another language in front of guests is inappropriate. I will never go in to eat here again." "Service was fast.  The food was freshly prepared. I was happy with the cleanliness.  Monica "We politely asked the guy at the window to throw away our receipt It is difficult to get to the drive thru and the parking  lot was  congested. The line was short and the staff was friendly . However  we had to wait for their nuggets. There is only one spot to wait but there were three cars waiting. The person delivering was all confused.  He dropped off the meal then tried to take it out of my car . The fries were cold and hard.  it's not their fault.  Avoid this location unless you have the time to pull over and check the order once you get it and have the extra time to wait in line again so they can fix it.  There's a Sprouts right behind them in the same parking lot.  Go there - they have prepared sandwiches ready to go.  This McDonalds should be embarrasses at how often they get drive through orders wrong!  I'm done with them!"  I specifically remind the attendant to include the BBQ sauce that I ordered.  I trusted that their memory span was long enough to remember the BBQ sauce when the fries or nuggets were finished within the 2-3 minutes they asked me to wait  nothing feel worse than food poisoning. This is not just upset stomach The staff is always super friendly and fast. "The ONION RINGS we were served were SOUR!!! The MANAGER who took my order ""managed"" to Screw up my order. Then the carhop brought my change back covered in spit. Every time we go to this location they add something to our order! TERRIBLE LOCATION that should be SHUT DOWN." "Greatest American food I have ever had in my entire life. Burgers Super clean... Customer service is amazing... Would definitely recommend and will be back... Come here for lunch break with my classmates quite often never had a bad experience How does one mess up cheese fries?  They did it 3 times and thats not all they messed up.  I told them I would never eat at their place again which is a bummer due to it being close to me.  The manager was very nice but the cooks don't care and the manager keeps them employed. "I usually go to other drive thru places and came across sonic and gave them a try since it was my first time So today I bought a lemon berry slushie and there was a fly in it so it would have been great if i could have enjoyed what I paid money for but whatever throw a fly in there thats cool too. Waited in the drive thru for 7 minutes for 1 order of tater tots. If I had not been starving after working 9 hours I would have left and gone to Wendy's across the street. Never again thanks. We ordered 2 number 7 meals. The foot long chili cheese hot dogs 2 large cheese tots and 2 44 oz drinks. To start off with the hot dogs were rubbery and the chili has that metal can taste that is nasty. They were a good chilie dogs back in the day now even my wiener dogs balked at the smell.When you open a large cheese tots you expect more than a small tot with a slice of cheese for both orders. Massive rip off. One of the drinks were wrong thankfully we caught that before leaving. Wish we had seen it all and not wasted $18. "Wasn't expecting much because of bad reviews. They have a new manager and she is fantastic! The old one was rude and took forever for your food. We pulled up and not a minute later  not the food but their hot dogs aren't bad. The cranberry limeaid however is fantastic and a cool treat on a hot day. The frozen lemonade is great in the summer and their shakes are yummy. Stop by from 2 to 4 for happy hour to get half priced drinks." Once again the drink machines are broken do much for the 1000s of different drinks you can get. Don't come here 50/50 anything works. Stopped for breakfast while my wife was in the hospital. Worst breakfast burrito and coffee I've ever had. Threw it in the trash and left. Horrible. "Just left there with our drinks and they were amazing! I even tried the new wildberry lavender shake and it's pretty good. Most importantly our server was amazing I think I am over fast food."  the potato was BIG and the lettuce/tomato on the burgers were fresh! The bacon was also delightfully crispy ( a rarity in a burger u don't make yourself)." They are rude every single time. There's a BK and a McDonalds down the street.  Save yourself the headache... and time of having to walk back in after they screwed up your drive thru order.  in fact it was the worse service I've ever had anywhere. If you are the owners of this location please do something about your poor attitudes of your employees and your management staff. Attitude is everything and it starts at the top." Thank you to Lindsey and her team for making my first Yelp event an awesome one!" only yelping this because its a check in and i hate seeing things i need to review when i sign on." "I had not been to Wendy's in.....forever. Went last week and tried their 1/2 Baja salad. It was really good. Then went again a few days ago and had the same thing and a potatoe. I like that they have the soda machines where you can get any flavor. They even have diet caffeine free vanilla coke and diet caffeine free cherry coke. The yhave remodeled several locations and it really doesn't flow well. Everything is all backed up  but the food wasn't good. Tasted like it had been sitting for awhile."  but when I ran out of crackers... I went back and asked for more... you would've thought I was asking for their firstborn child..." Got to say the food is awesome the service is great and it looks really modern with a bunch of TVs and contemporary design.. There is a McDonald's and Burger King across the street!  Stay away from this place and go there!"  seems like they are not using the tongs and are using the gloves in which the employees have hand Sanitizer on ..Wont be going there anytime soon and the food is always soggy and fries are cold and old. They also almost always ""forget"" the sauce to the nuggets..." The people who work there cannot tell a chicken sandwich from a burger. this place will mess up your order every time. Avoid this Wendy's location whenever possible I wish I could leave zero stars. I went through the drive thru and the line was long but went quick."  and a tea. When I went to eat the crispy chicken sandwich it tasted hard and not fresh. Like it had been sitting out for a long time.  Selling old food is not good for business. Hopefully this won't happen again." (See http://www.yelp.com/biz/mcdonalds-restaurants-phoenix-44#hrid:jpfxQUBZMuBoIIFn-MWp7g)" I guess convenience come with a price "went back there today and asked for two simple burgers with nothing but ketchup and cheese I really like the remodeling going on Was there Friday morning around 9am- rudest young guy working the order window and took our payment. That guy has no business in the customer service industry. A customer no more!!!"  and refused to correct it. These are the type of jerks who want to raise minimum wage to $15. Your lucky you even make minimum wage." Avoid the night shift time..." Cashier was disgusting and unsanitary. Picking at her nail's.  Leaning against the cash register like she was to stoned to keep her head up and press a button. Will never come here again with workers like that. And they want 15 an hour. What a joke Never coming back here again! Got charged 167 dollars for a meal that was 16 dollars. Had to call the bank since my account got overdrawn and didn't even get an apology. I used to come here all the time but they definitely lost my business for good. Getting charged for ranch when it comes with your meal is ridiculous. Who orders chicken strip dry? Also the people there are rude. "I will pick soft serve over hard ice cream any day so I really like Dairy Queen. I usually go for a vanilla cone....sometimes with sprinkles...or if I am really treating myself I get the pecan mudslide. I don't see it on the menu anymore but the people here are always happy to make it. I am not impressed with the interior of this place so I always use the drive thru so I don't have to think about it. Sometimes you order  the floors are even worse! And the smell.. I can't even describe. I don't know how an owner/manager can let a place be so horrible." "Cookie dough blizzards & mint Dilly bars Dilly bar. Say it with me. Dilly bar. Great prices and fresh food ... Good place with cheap tasty food.  so I'm only reviewing this portion of service. They are always friendly and quick to get our ice cream orders. We've never ordered food The location was clean inside and the staff was mostly young Been through the drive-through a few times. Never any errors and they're always friendly!  I love it dipped in chocolate!  The blizzards always have a lot of toppings- no skimping at this location.  The hunny and I like the Reese peanut butter cup blizzard or the Oreo blizzard.  One time we accidentally got the wrong order and tried the fudge brownie cheesecake blizzard with extra fudge on the side and we thought it was a little too rich.  We still ate the whole thing  friendly & efficient... Never a complaint here. The staff seem to all be interested in doing a great job. Food is always hot and or cold where applicable... They all seem genuine in wanting to work here..." "When I need a sweet treat I go through this drive thru for a blizzard. I hate to admit it but I've tried multiple varieties of blizzard flavors Today we go back for dessert again. Went through the drive thru and they got our orders all wrong. Not even close. We went back through the drive thru to try and correct the order. They STILL got it wrong. I don't know what the issue is at this Dairy Queen but I won't be back." "Every single time I come to this location the blizzards are completely melted. Most of the time they don't flip it upside down to show that it is frozen and thick like they're supposed to  he wanted two different items in it and cashier kept looking at me. Another employee had to come and figure out the problem. The time we went quite a few tables had not been cleaned. We found one of the more clean tables. The good thing is my kids enjoyed eating their ice cream and that was the reason for going. They were happy so overall it was worth going."  clean! Manager and staff are friendly. Good food and desserts! They have coupons" Our ice cream was melted by the time we got home and we only live about 3 minutes away. I had to eat my peanut butter bash in a bowl because it was so messy. It was still really good though! "Only come for the blizzards. Service is always awful. Wish DQ could get their act together. Really want to like and enjoy coming here "Came here to get a cake for a birthday. We waited thirty minutes to get somebody to write ""happy birthday"" on it. The girl came back out and said the staff messed up our cake. And that they did a terrible job and it looked like a two year olds handwriting. She then looked in the freezer and there was no more of the cake we wanted. She said she was going to go and try to fix the bad writing. She was laughing about it the whole time and I didn't find that funny. If she couldn't get the writing on it in the first place We called to tell them and they said we could come back for a new one but by that point we were grossed out and didn't want to wait in another 15 minute line."   after saying she didn't know how to get the order right because they got a new system (NOT MY PROBLEM!) doesn't give them an excuse to mess up my order! anyway we also ordered a ""caramel apple sundae"" the muchacha even repeated it back as ""caramel apple sundae"" then rang it up as a ""hot fudge sundae"" (not what i ordered!) then upon getting to the window they hand me a hot fudge sundae "Don't take your ""Gold Card"" here it""s not accepted per mgr. We bought the card for $20 to support the kids from a local high school and this McDs refused  it.  The card gives you a free cone with any purchase.  The cone probably costs mcds 5 cents to make.  All other mcds that i've been to accepts it." props the guy edward working night shift yesterday very kind and friendly they should hire more people like him very very polite It's too bad nobody reads a review about a fast food restaurant before going to eat there otherwise this McDonald's location probably wouldn't be doing very well or at least somebody important might see a drop in numbers due to bad reviews and actually do something about the horrible service everybody is getting check out the picture of the beetle that I found in my mom's chicken wrap that I posted pretty gross. If you like your food not cooked this is the place. Hash browns right out of the freezer still ice cold egg mc muffins all doughy. Come on MCYDS get it together. You also might want to run off all the illegals outside waiting for work. vWcUrFcweGXAWsil_pfpjw This Whataburger is like stepping onto the set of Cocoon. The average of the diners has to be over seventy.  but that is what they normally do. If you are in a hurry you shouldn't go to Whataburger. They start making your food when you order it I have eaten here several times. The burgers are always good. I went there last night around 9 PM. I order a double meat hamburger. I must say it was one of the best I have eaten in a while. The service was above and beyond what one would expect from a fast food restaurant. The workers were very friendly and offered to refill our drinks. "They make it the way you like it. This location has been solid for a few years. I don't come her often  not too bad though. Can't really say anything for the inside as I haven't been in there in many years." This is one of the friendliest stores Whataburger has.  It's not in the best neighborhood but the employees are outstanding.  Best onion rings. Staff super friendly. Best ever... hot...fresh...delicious... Staff was fantastic... Will definitely return soon  and open 24 HOURS!!!!!!" Give this place a try next time you're considering one of those BIG fast food joints for nasty breakfast! You won't be let down!"  actually.  Green chile burger and chicken strips with gravy both tasted good.  Very friendly service.  Recommended."  I saw the ingredient details online and BARF! Grilled chicken or not the numbers were pretty bad." vWcUrFcweGXAWsil_pfpjw Whataburger does not even come close to In & Out quality so don't be disappointed and because the comparison is not fair." lunch.  I come here all the time.  Always very clean and the customer service is outstanding!!  Much better than any other fast food place!" "Eating a whataburger. It's fantastic. Haven't had one in years. It's a perfect compliment to a football game that may be a blowout. My burger had no less that 8 pickles on it. I'm sick of this one pickle bullshit. The bacon could have been thicker  but this was the absolut best customer service and most polite fast food place I think I have ever been to. The food was good and the prices a little high. I'd go back."  I can't tell if it's because I'm so dabbed out or I'm just truly hungry and the onion rings are always alright with some ketchup My favorite fast food breakfast. Biscuits and gravy are better than any chain restaurant by far. 