Wake up Dr. Moffitt..it's 2012 almost 2013!  I was surprised you were open to having an african american as a receptionist.  Very progressive!!" I went through IVF with Dr Moffitt at ARMS. He was Amazing! I got OHSS after my egg retrieval and Dr Moffitt called me every few hours on the weekend to check on me. We ended up waiting to do the transfer till the OHSS cleared. The transfer work on the first try and we are now 24 weeks pregnant with boy/girl Twins! I can not tell you how grateful we are to Dr Moffitt and the staff of ARMS "I found this provider on my BCBS of IL website where it showed he specialized in andrology (male hormone & infertility).  I called his office and his staff stated that he primarily treats women and couples I would not recommend this office to anyone. I have met several other pregnant women who have also switched doctors after visiting them." I will say that the nurses I've experienced there are a little short and lacking personality  how I felt and to answer my questions.  His nurse is a doll and she always takes the time to get to know me and where I am at emotionally on the process.  This office is dedicated to the goals of the patient and focused on real care.  While there is a bit of a wait nEaJwY77drRqQkJqcd9LRg  and I will now have to wait until my next menstruation to discover more information about my ovarian cysts and polyps due to their oversight."  but that doctor basically beat around the bush to tell me I was miscarrying instead of telling me flat out.  My husband literally played 20 questions with that doc to get a simple answer.  It was ridiculous.  Also in Novemeber I had the office call me on two different ocassions to reschedule because they made a ""scheduling error"".  As far as I'm concerned thats something they should fix since people take time off to make appts in the first place.  Fast forward to today  has always made me feel comfortable during an uncomfortable moment. Sometimes the wait is really really long which makes it tough for work. Stick with early AM appts and the wait shouldn't be too long."  who also enjoy seeing her. Two thumbs up to Julie and the staff at Camelback Women's Health!"  he managed to get her out and keep me calm at the same time. He genuinely cares about seeing the baby and having ultrasounds. Unlike many other doctors he doesn't hold back on ultrasounds This place is a mess.  Expect to wait an hour after your appointment time.  The front office personnel is incompetent.  Very disappointing. Over all this place is extremely unprofessional and is not a good choice for a first time mom or any mom. They obviously do not have the bedside manner to deal with a difficult pregnancy or with a woman who has to deal with a difficult decision." nEaJwY77drRqQkJqcd9LRg I would recommend Dr. Nelson and the Camelback Women's Health group to women of all ages.  My experience there was 5 star and Dr. Nelson is my doctor from here on out!  Dr. Nelson rocks!" I went into labor at the hospital at 8pm and dilated until about 4 am that morning. Dr. O'sullivan didn't show up until almost 6am. My daughter sat in the birth canal so long that when she was born she was not breathing. My heart dropped when I didn't hear my baby crying. What did the doctor do? Nothing! Absolutely nothing. She stood there looking so confused. The nurses ran the baby over to the table and called a code. Other nurses literally ran in and revived my daughter getting her to breathe. Dr . O'sullivan did not even touch my daughter once while all that happened she just watched. If it wasnt for the amazing staff at good Sam my daughter would not be here or may have had long term effects. Even worse is that the same thing happened to my cousin. Dr O'sullivan was her OB and took a very long time to show up at the hospital as well. My cousin had already had two children so she knew the risks of waiting and told the hospital she's not waiting anymore so go get the doctor on staff. The dr at the hospital delivered her baby with no problems but just imagine if she had waited for Dr. O'sullivan to show up what could have happened." As pleased as punch I had a very negative experience with my first health care center but now I could not be more pleased. Dr. Nelson is Amazing and so kind. I started coming here on the recommendation of a good Friend. Everything is handled in a completely professional manner. Only one time did I have an extra long wait time but it was explained to me when I checked in. the entire staff is professional and warm. they remember you ever time you return and are always smiling. I would recommend this office to any of my friends!!!!  she just wanted to butcher me for her financial sake. As if she had a ballon payment due & I could've been her ticket. It's been 5 months since she & her hospital team threatened I would die. Makes me wonder how many others she has victimized."  even though I was extremely clear about what I was coming in for. I demanded my copay be refunded and left. I do not recommend this practice at all!" Dr. Nelson is awesome! I strongly recommend him. He's very direct and to the point which I'm sure some people don't like but that's my kind of doctor. I had my daughter in January and now he is my go to gyno. I was very pleased with him. I am a first time mom so I had lots of questions and he always answered them. "This place will make u upset every time u come because the wait times are excruciatingly long and nobody here gives a crap about it. The front desk is defensive and rude from the start. I have come here multiple times and waited upwards of two hours. Not exaggerating Lousy! You're a file number.  but she is extremely knowledgable and takes excellent care of her patients. The MA's and all of the N.P's are wonderful as well. I can say that everyone I encountered throughout my pregnancy and postpartum time truly enjoyed their job."  but am torn between letting it go and moving on. At least I can warn others to make a better decision about their healthcare. She is too busy for you at the very least and incompetent at best. Please consider my story in your decision. Thank you."  I finally am seeing a high risk specialist and after the treatment I   received I would recommend that pregnant women find a different office it will save you a lot of stress." Another amazing delivery by Dr. Nelson. I feel blessed to have had such a great Dr. deliver my two babies. I will be back for number three.  Lisa nurse)but the all the staff are just so unprofessional and not here to help. Hope the staff get there stuff together."  ""I already waited four hours and took two trips to see you and you're very unprofessional I was told to leave when I was on time for my appointment but you can make me wait for four hours and two trips for a referral.  That is so self-fish and uncaring!  I called to tell him it would be great for wasting my time and disrespecting a single mom whom gets NO child support or government help that since he wasted fours hours of my time at Christmas he could waive the $75.00 co pay since my insurance paid him.  He can't remember.  Well....guess what!  I do!  He also said when my results came since my tumors in my uterus were so bad he would call as soon as he received results.  HE NEVER CALLED EITHER!  DO NOT GO HERE!  BEWARE!"  and you're ruining it because you wouldn't listen to his instructions. It's your fault you had a C-section and I don't think it's right that it's going to reflect badly on him. "" She said something along those lines and left. Her only intention for coming into our room was to spite my wife. I don't think I've ever experienced anything as rude or unprofessional as the actions of Dr. O'Sullivan that night. It was awful." I think working in the medical field is increasingly challenging.  I am grateful for the high quality care we receive in this country.  It's such a better experience if you feel someone actually cares about you.  You will have to do some work to consistently find that experience here."  so they go and have sex with some guy whose slept with 300+ women while you've (she's) been married all those years. And they end up with herpes."" And then she follows that lovely story by telling me ""The only people who are dumber than my teenagers are the 40-something divorced women."" I'm pretty much in shock at this point. So she goes on to say ""... So just be sure and protect yourself and use a condom when you're out there sowing your wild oats"". I could not believe my ears. My family life is falling apart  she recommended I get an ultrasound for my heavy cycles and cramping her office called me and said I needed a biopsy and to make an appointment. I said I was not going to make an appointment for something that serious until I A) know the results of my ultrasound and B) I speak to Erin 0'Sullivan. They proceeded to tell me that she would speak to me at my appointment.  What...?? I've have never been treated that way by a doctor ever. I think the courtesy of a call from her was warranted. I have moved on to Mayo Clinic and I am so happy! There was no need for a biopsy! And "This is a horrible clinic with unscrupulous doctors and impolite staff. I was lucky enough that I found out how terrible Dr. Kathleen Schwartz was before my delivery. They are extremely unethical  the receptionist was talking to someone else in the background and not paying attention to me. She was short and rude. I get you are busy but this is the type of place where you want to feel important especially because this will be my first pregnancy. If I can't even get through now Wanted to go here because it's so convenient location wise but definitely worth the drive to find a staff that still treats their patients with courtesy and respect." I will continue to stay with this practice because of the great care from the physicians and NPs I am forever grateful for Dr Schwartz being so respected in the hospital and so knowledgeable. I truly believe that my delivery would have been high risk if it wasn't for her. I will never go to another doctor."  horrible acne and horrible mood swings). She also wanted to argue with me on this one. My primary back home for eight years has NEVER done this or made me feel inept at choosing my birth control. She certainly did not deny me the option to be on it. I needed to schedule a follow-up appointment (it took them a day to call me back) and I scheduled this. I asked if prior to that appointment (in two weeks) if I could come get on some form of birth control. To my surprise  and kind. I came in for my yearly pap and to discuss birth control. Britney and Jen were amazing! The woman at the front desk was also very sweet and clear in her directions. After having a really bad experience at my first OBGYN that I found after moving to Phoenix ZcaBYLRDDY4ecAPDGWBQzA ZcaBYLRDDY4ecAPDGWBQzA  but now I wish I was completely done with them. The nurses are rude and complain about actually doing their jobs. They find filling out maternity paperwork to be a hassle and don't fill it out correctly. When your company calls you to inform you of this the nurse becomes even ruder to you and explain that your not their patient. Well I feel i shouldn't have to babysit and make sure paperwork that was sent back twice now should be completed properly and not blow me off. To top it off my doctor seems to now be a complete space case lately and cant seem to keep up with what week I'm on "This review is for the Camelback office. This office has been very difficult since I started going there last month for my pregnancy.  I was referred by a friend to Dr O'Sullivan and because of an emergency I was only able to get in with Dr De Santo.  I have had about 3 about in a 6 week time.  The three appointments I had made were made to my convenience PS  I see someone seems to have something against my Dr but we can tell your reviewS are fake.  :p" "Went to Julie for Botox injections today. I had picked her because of her training by Allergan the maker of Botox. She is very professional and you can tell that she is an expert in Botox injections. Very pleasant atmosphere I went to see Julie at Camelback Women's Aesthetics 2 weeks ago for some Botox. I have had Botox before and am very familiar with it's use. But I found Julie to be outstanding! I wrote a review soon after receiving the injections but am not sure if it posted. I'm so impressed with Julie that I decided to write a followup to make sure that it got posted. Julie is an Allergan certified trainer for Botox injections and it shows. She is super friendly but more importantly she knows what she is doing. Does not try to oversell the product and is very honest on how much you need. The injections were painless and no bruising. I will return when needed and look forward to it.  she is very personable and makes you feel like an old friend when you come to see her. I would highly recommend her if you are looking to try Botox." I asked if since I lived up the street if I could come back in an hour and was  told ""no"" they would take me back right away.  To do what?  Sit there naked in a gown for an hour and a half?  No thanks!  Will be going elsewhere from now on."  I am always told that someone will be in touch when the results are back.  That has yet to happen.  Usually I wait way past the date someone is supposed to be in touch and then have to call.  Half the time they say they don't have the results back yet but it later turns out that they did.  The left hand doesn't seem to know what the right hand is doing.  I'll keep going there for the quality of the care but they could really use a kick-ass practice manager." The office is conveniently located on Tatum near Paradise Valley. The people who work here are always very nice. Sometimes you have to wait a little while to be seen but at what doctor's office do you not? Last time around my appointment was accidentally scheduled for the other office but they were able to see me here on time anyway.  this was my 2nd c-section so Dr. De Santo cleaned up my previous scar and tissue and left me looking flawless! He truly cares about your overall health as well and will make life improving suggestions to you. Great practice OH his nurse Esther is pretty awesome as well! Don't let being put on h" Looking for another obgyn now." I love the fact that I found this office after having a horrendous experience with another OBGYN (Tara brodkin). I don't know how people complain about the waiting time. I've always been helped in time. The ladies in the front desk are very nice and every time I call I've never been put on hold. They ALWAYS answer your questions. I see Dr. De Santo and he's just simply AMAZIG. I trust him a lot because you can tell how knowledgeable he is. He answers all your questions and gives you a lot of ultrasounds to check on baby. I'm so happy I found a doctor I feel I can trust with my first pregnancy. I wouldn't go anywhere else! Even the lady that draws your blood is such a pro. I'm always scared to death to have my blood taken but I swear she takes like 2 seconds and makes it so quick it's impressive.  and most importantly Dr. Nelson was the best doctor I could have ever asked for. He always listened to my concerns and is extremely knowledgeable and reassuring. I wouldn't have anyone else deliver my babies."  and very over priced.  They tell you that you have to get all these things before you can get what you actually even need to come in for." Love Dr DeSanto and his MA Esther. Lab Corp lady in here is great too! All the NPs I've come across have been wonderful too. Been coming for 4+ years. Also want to say Tracy Innes is awesome.  Thanks!"  and they frequently change insurance policies without contacting their patients about having to find a new office. I have never been so disgruntled with an office experience in my life and I would highly recommend finding absolutely anywhere else to take your business." "I was pregnant and my new dr was O'sullivan. It was my first pregnancy so I was so excited.  The staff was nice buti was always waiting 30 mins to an hourafter my scheduled appointment.  Dr. O'sullivan was always very short with me and made me feel dumb for asking questions.  When I gave birth I was referred to Camelback Women's by my primary doctor. I called to schedule an appointment and the office receptionist was not friendly at all. She also had a tone like she was annoyed that I was asking questions... long story short I did not schedule my appointment with them and I can see that others have had a similar experience. "Been going here 17 years. Can't say enough good things about them. Great practice. Docs Nelson and DeSanto are so good. Very real and take their role in your life seriously. Every NP has been great. Recently saw Stefanie Davis and was again impressed with the level of care this practice keeps providing. From the phone ppl  cancelled on my first appointment about 30 minutes before I was supposed to arrive.  I rescheduled with her and patiently waited 4 more weeks.  When I arrived to my second appointment "I give the office 4 stars because I like Dr. DeSanto.  He answers my questions thoroughly.  He seems to be very calming.  The front desk can be unfriendly at times I see Dawn and she is just wonderful."  I still had a lot of discomfort with vaginal drying.  So I was intrigued with this new procedure. I spoke with the staff about this new procedure and decided to set up my first appointment with Dr. Nelson.  Not really knowing what to expect at the first appointment  however will gladly take my business elsewhere when they could care less about their patients. Look at all the other reviews and go somewhere else where the staff cares about you." I plan to use CWH for more professional and medical services in the future. Keep up the excellent work!" she is the absolute best. I would not go anywhere else. Highly recommend her !!"  he exhibits genuine care and compassion for his patients.  I had a lot of fears regarding a laparoscopic surgery that I needed and Dr. DeSanto was patiently persistent with helping me go through with it.  He performed the surgery yesterday and I am absolutely relieved.  He did not pressure me into having anything done that wasn't absolutely medically necessary and I appreciate that.  My scarring is minimal  here's an update! just had to call for my lab results as instructed by Jodie. The receptionist I spoke to was such a ..... Jodie adv me that it's mandatory I have the results today.! I'm pregnant & need to make sure my hormone levels are where they need to be. The woman on the phone couldn't provide me with the information needed. She was extremely rude. Said she would leave a message for someone to call me & couldn't guarantee that id get a call back today. I have half a mind to just go up there considering this is involving the well being of my child but I'll wait a few hours for the call back."  go elsewhere if you don't want headaches caused by the billing department." 