 try the farm's Flashlight Maze at night.  And let me know how it was by the time you come out around February!"  we ran into our most difficult challenge:  following the map to find the one single way out of the corn maze!   UGH.  We were about 50 feet from the exit when we found our final piece of the puzzle  didn't really impress us. There are loud speakers all over the maze and the person on the other end of the speaker was loud and distracting. Sprinkled between the woman's loud voice on the speakers was the same country song playing over and over again. It took us 55 minutes to get through the maze and by the end "I have taken 2 teams from work for team building exercise to the Maze. The staff accommodated our large groups and gave us a fun orientation for the maze. There were several ways to complete the maze. We decided on completing the map I recommend it to all! Maybe not for kids  under 7 or so maR-e-UJ1Wox1wtzkX3Y7Q It took us 1 hour and 15 minutes to get out and we promptly rewarded ourselves with some fried oreos from the food tent outside the maze. There are other things to do such as a hayride and corn hole. Plus they have soccer goals set up. Will be returning next year!"  information about estimated time frame going through the maze. There are 12 mailboxes in the maze. Good luck with finding the mailboxes. What a workout!!! Watch out for the dead end trails. Every group gets a flag for their team. This is so much fun for the whole family. See kids figure out the maze PS- I have never actually done this with kids. Last year I went with my brother and another couple (all adults) and this year I went with my husband and my parents. So *Best tip about this place: Follow the water marks.... (They have jugs of water in the maze for when people get thirsty - they place them at specific locations where there are maze helpers who can answer questions and assist you in finding your way. Follow the water marks on the ground to wear they carried the coolers to and you'll find help)"  but you'll eventually figure it out.  This is definitely something that will continue being an annual tradition for us.  Nothing better than getting lost in a cornfield for an hour or 2 on a crisp autumn night." I highly recommend for a night of fall fun!" We started the maze and were excited from beginning to end. There were several groups aimlessly walking about and we all traded info to help each other to the end. This was a very nice family outing. It took us about two hours to find our way to the end. The wife and I racked up lots of steps on the fitbits and the kids slept well that night. We plan to make this a yearly thing for us." "This was great fun! I'd recommend it for first dates I know that technically by zip code the film festival is in Phoenix but it is 30 minutes from downtown Phoenix The only reason that this event does not have five (5) stars is because the feedback that I have heard from some of the Festival-goers is that this event is losing quality  I'd be negligent if I didn't mention the following so that my perspective on this review is taken into account.  I was awarded ""Arizona Filmmaker of the Year"" at the 2009 Phoenix Film Festival.  In 2011 I  agreed to take over IFP Phoenix (sister organization to the Phoenix Film Festival) as the Executive Director Best film festival in the whole southwest!  All of the movies are played in one theater which makes a big difference as you can go from screen to screen to get your movie watching groove on!  It seems like the put a lot of heart and soul into this event and it gets better every year! I ask that anyone who has attended the festival and had a bad experience to become a volunteer or a member and once you get to know the directors (volunteers) and what it takes to pull a festival of this scale together I just wish it were not done in far far far away NORTH Scottsdale :(. I was happy with the 2010 location." 