 can't say enough about the folks at this office. They will work very hard to get your tax return done without over-charging you.  Anything from a simple return to complicated one  and knowledgeable! My taxes were quiet complicated this year but it was no obstacle for there CPAs who completed my return in 2 business days. Despite the complexity of my taxes In the meantime we contacted another CPA who was very familiar with solar installation filing and he was very informative AND in addition he informed me that my son could NOT put me on his return and that I HAD to file my own.  I had 5 or 6 e-mails to Jamie asking for my 1099's (I was able to get them off the websites) but she informed me the worksheets were not there - then big surprise - she found some and emailed them to me.  My opinion is after meeting Mr. Caldwell and learning of these two errors - I did not feel confident in his office doing our returns again.  Mr. Caldwell was very abrupt when he walked into the conference room with us and made us feel very uncomfortable and we both felt that he seemed arrogant - this is not the type of person I feel instills confidence.  Just my opinion and thought I would share it with Yelp because that's why I went to them in the first place.  But now I see that he had only two reviews and one was 5 years ago.  I would not recommend this office at all. I wish them well but felt that I should inform Yelp because this is why I went to them in the first place." We are still coming here after 5 years because of Geoff and Jamie! They are awesome! very experienced with business returns and book keeping. They are super responsive and we are pleased every year! Thank you Jamie for your professionalism!  but they also handle court accountings for our conservatorship and trust clients. Jamie has extensive knowledge in compiling detailed accounting reports for consideration by the court "I have had a wonderful experience as a client of Geoff and Jamie's.  Working in tandem they  are true talents in the accounting industry. Jamie's  extensive accounting knowledge and expertise have saved my company time and money. I consider her and Geoff to be a valuable asset to the success of my business. Reliable  I would not trust anyone more than Jamie and Geoff with our taxes and other financial advising.  They always explain things clearly and help us understand different tax issues so that we can better plan for the future.  I would highly recommend this firm and these two CPAs."  their billing is out of control. My first year I was charged $2500 for a Canada/US return that also involved two different states. This was at the top end of the estimate (2k-2.5k). Though expensive "Keats Connelly is the WORST Financial Advising/Tax Services/Investing firm that I have ever come into contact with.  They made big promises...and failed in every aspect.  They have screwed up my international taxes 2 years in a row.  1) They forgot to mail me my taxes- and they sat on a desk never being mailed to me.  This gave me added interest and penalties that I had to pay out of my own pocket due to their error.  2) The forgot to file additional/supplemental forms 