Whenever I want some seafood that reminds me of my visits to Sinaloa I drop by Marisco's.  Good solid Mexican seafood served by the Mexicans who know how to make it. "Came here for lunch yesterday. We got the Shrimp quesadilla which was packed full of shrimp! and the Paella which was really tasty and packed full of mussels I took a look at their full menu while I was waiting for my food and they have a very decent selection.  We will definitely be back. Soon :)" This is our neighborhood spot for ceviche... though if you want oysters go to the spot at McDowell and 18th St... no idea what the name is. Descent fish tacos but their ceviche had fake lime juice( the bottled kind) those were only ok Whenever I am here it is pretty empty for some reason  nicely priced and delicious. Definitely going back for the beer specials." Fantastic seafood at a very good price!  very kind and friendly staff! The food was great as well. The portions are more plentiful now!! Will definitely be coming more often and recommending it to all my friends!"  fish odor.  Cost was too expensive. We paid $50 for two dinners one pop and one margarita.  The salsa was just ok.  The only thing that was good was the margarita  now I know where to get good seafood. My fianc had the chimichanga mariachis. It was savory and creamy and delectable- I know- she made me try some. Never had snail before. It was friggin delish! Plenty of meat on those tostadas. Very generous portions. Great tortillas age salsa also. Attentive polite courteous service. We will definitely return!" Great ceviche tostadas and fish tacos. One of the best in the city.  and acidity. It has that wonderful taste of the ocean without even a hint of fishiness. The addition of avocado is just a bonus and not necessary but it does add a silky almost sweet flair. I've eaten this elsewhere and it's always been lacking flavor in one area or another Server was quick and friendly. Seafood was fresh and made to order. I had the seafood stuffed filet & my friend had the meatball soup(she gave a thumbs up). We also had the churros w/ ice cream for dessert and it was DELICIOUS! (Free dessert too w/Yelp check-in). Definitly plan to return! Amazing!! Definitely recommend it!! Have been coming here for years and have NEVER been disappointed! LOVE their ceviche!! Also best chips and salsa on 16th st. Try their fish tacos (you can order them grilled FYI) Ordered the fish n shrimp tacos and I was pretty disappointed! Not much flavor in the shrimp or fish. The salsa did help but overall they were weak tacos. I'd rather stick to rubio's for tacos. I didn't order anything else so this rating is just based off tacos. "This place... so good. Ceviche is on point and the fish tacos are el bomb. Bonus points if you eat here hung over on a Sunday morning  and some ceviche mixta tostadas and I have to say that I wasn't disappointed with any of it. The portion sizes are decent too. You have to try the chipotle sauce Absolutely love the Aguachile shrimp and the loaded oysters.  Delicious!  shrimp and fish filling. Don't expect great decor but be assured the food makes up for any deficiencies in appearance. Staff is very pleasant and unobtrusive. An out if the way place we found by mistake."  had the oysters they where good !! the shrimp cocktail was kind of funky tho it tasted like it had horse radish or something not your regular cocktail. tostadas de ceviche where good both fish and shrimp... for my babe and his mom they seemed to enjoy the michiladas they had . the juke box had the right music to sit and reminisce of family over all it was all good" "Some of the best stuffed fish I've ever had. Their variety is ridiculous  the pescado mojo de ajo and anything with smoked marlin. I have not had a bad thing there yet and been going there since about 1998. This is how I like to eat in Mexico and glad to know I don't have to wait to go there to enjoy some good Sonoran sea food."  shrimp & fish tacos and tostada de agua chile (green) and a shrimp tostada.  A friend and I tried a little of each which we weren't disappointed and the Micheladas we're good! Plus a $15 gift certificate I had made it all worth it :) will definitelty come again." The shrimp ceviche with avocado on top is delicious. Also had the shrimp taco which was good but nothing out of this world. Will definitely be back to try some more. Service was great too! Good seafood I had a campechana it had plenty of seafood my wife had aguachile she wasn't a big fan of it. But we order a ceviche tostado first and that was really good and fresh. I also order a chelada with a Tecate Light with extra salt it was good!  and a scallop taco. Was filled off of just two! Scallop and fish were DELICIOUS and I'm taking the shrimp home. And their fish taco sauce is absolutely divine. Salsa is good I had the pasta primavera with shrimp and it came with 2 garlic breads.  My husband ordered 2 fish tacos and shrimp tostada and both my childrend ordered 2 fish tacos.  Everything was delicious!! The mechiladas with victoria beer was good too "The place is unassuming but the menu is extensive. We had the Camarones estilo cucaracha (Grilled spicy shrimp) and the Paella con mariscos estilo Ensenada (Rice with seafood Ensenada style) which were amazing!! Really a bargain price for the quality and quantity of food. Surprisingly "Love coming here for some fresh Mexican seafood. This place may look like a little hole in the wall but the food is always delicious and the portions are generous for the low price. The scallop tacos are among my favorites. I also like the mixta tostada Very good traditional food! My only complaint was I didn't know the fish was super spicy with the chicken/fish combo. And make sure you try the churro dessert! Very good shrimp the ceviche is bomb everything is great but a lil pricy but worth it Great place for good seafood!! You have to try the Paella con mariscos estillo Ensenada!! AWESOME!!  The chips and salsa are the best we had since moving here from Dallas!! Came here when I was out visiting some folk in the desert and thought this place was ok. I don't really like fish and chips but they had plenty of options for me to chose from. I got the chicken strips and was a little disappointed. I kind of thought that a fish and chips place would also have good strips but I was wrong. I don't think that they were much better than something I would get at Jack n Box. I did however try one of my buddies jumbo fried shrimp. Mmmm good. Lived in the valley my entire life...never once been to Pete's.  A couple of my co-workers begged me to go.  They praised how good it was..even have the bumper sticker on the wall of their cubical.  Fish tacos were actually REALLY good and the burger was large for a 1/3lb.  I was quite impressed.  I'll be going back! Consistent quality and service.  Burgers and fish were both good.  Yummy!  and I never got sick from eating at Pete's. A lot of 5 star joints can't make that claim."  and the portion size was very large! It could easily be shared among two people. I was also happy to see that they had Horchata. I will definitely be back!" This location is CLOSED. XsxmoRwcRJSOr4F0QKhOmQ 