 the equipment is quite good.  You get two free personal training sessions when you join.  They have lots of weights (which my boyfriend uses) and a decent cardio room.  The only thing I would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment.  Water is only $1 a bottle!"  so I went to the tail end of a yoga class. The women in this class were very nasty to me and told me that I wasn't welcome to stretch out in their class. I never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members. I didn't feel welcome here. I complained to the manager  the rock climbing wall (which I've never once seen turned on or used) is over crowded with a punch of really out of shape people who are mostly carrying on conversations with their incredibly beefy personal trainers I really like this gym. It is nice neighborhood gym and unlike big gyms they don't have big contracts and they have flexible memberships. Great selection of classes. All the instructors are very good knowledgable and motivating. All the staff working there are super nice. Their selection of the equipment is good too !!  which aren't super common yet. Sometimes when things go out of order they take a while to fix them. I've run into the owner or manager one time in the bathroom when someone let a sink over floor and asked if I should tell the guys at the desk and she said oh no they're useless. This gym makes a killing from a) classes b) it's convenient and c) their personal training is a separate company (warrior fitness). I've been meaning to sign up for a trainer and I always see them busy. They all seem awesome and very helpful and challenging. Not sure if they have a separate yelp page I love the fact the owner takes pride in his business and is extremely hands on with the maintenance of the building.  Amerifit has such a welcoming This is not a chain gym where everything is new with standard (usually leased) equipment."  free weights and no one is there to be seen by their neighbor like commercial gyms."  and gamblin."" A cultural fitness experience."  takes the time to personally chat with every single member and ask them if they need any support. I do wish that there were some smaller bumper plates (the smallest ones are 15kg 30lbs) so that I could warm up with a lower weight and would like to see the weekend hours extended until 5 6pm (they close at 4 on Saturday and 2 on Sunday). The decor in the gym is super funky and cool --the walls are covered with newspaper clippings  lots more equipment (they have bball court and pool!). But I would recommend checking it out if you like a small gym." If you live in Shadyside (or nearby)... GO TO URBAN ACTIVE INSTEAD. It's cheaper and the facilities are unbelievably better than XShadyside... although I apparently have a membership at XShadyside for another month now My only real complaint is the utter lack of parking. There were times when I would drive over to work out I am looking forward to Planet Smoothie opening next door." The rumor is that Katie Holmes tried this class out too!  The girl has got some good taste.  Still love TOM!" Until (or if?) the LA Fitness opens at the corner of Baum and Liberty (with proposed parking garage) I love this gym everybody there is soooooo nice and helpful  I am moving back home (cancellation process was no hassle at all like I've read on here!) "Terribly overrated. Deceptive contracts abound. The staff are all snotty and think they are the gurus of all exercising. The actual equipment is ok  the choice is quick ... The reason you would stick to this gym is the classes. If you want a spin class or a yoga class I can't wait for my contract to end; I regret signing one now. There has to be better gyms in the area."  gets very busy after 5pm on weekdays and sometimes difficult to find open free weight benches but cardio machines always available"  consider the location.  The staff is helpful and friendly.  Being open over nights Monday through Thursday is nice if you want to avoid peak times.  I wish they were 24-7" Moral of the story: This is a solid gym and absolutely worth the money if you take advantage of the classes.  Oh This gym is great. If you live in Shadyside Bloomfield the location couldn't be better. I got my membership without the sign on fee which was a huge bonus. I mostly used the cardio equipment which there is a lot of. I chose this gym because of the proximity to my apartment but stayed with them for the employees and atmosphere. I can not remember ever having to wait more than a couple of minutes for a machine or bench and usually just did something else until it came free. The staff always helpful and makes sure to greet you every time.  For people who are serious lifters like myself it was a great place but also not intimidating for new or sporadic gym goers. The hours are convenient for any work schedule. I recommend to any friends in the area.  and I have always found the equiptment to be up to date and working well. I chose X because of its location in relation to my apartment and I could not have made a better choice. There is something to be said for not ""selling out"" and going to one of the top name This is an amazing gym with all the amenities. The weight room is very impressive and has all the machines you could ask for. The staff is very friendly and the facility is extremely clean.  I was pleased with the gym and the only major selling point for me is the convenience. I could've gone to my school's gym Best Gym for the price in the area. Very convenient. Equipment and classes are great.  especially after discontinuing the membership. You might be the victim too!"  and difficulty parking (not a big issue for me because I always walk jog bike here)." Very nice gym in the heart of Shadyside. I never had a problem with non-functioning equipment. Parking can be an issue if you don't live near by. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because of the limited weekend hours. Closing at 6pm on Sat Sun is too early.  the gym is falsely advertised as open 24 7.  As a morning person it is extremely irritating to need to wait to get my Saturday started until 8:00am "This is a nice fun gym to come to there open 24 7 so you can go to the gym at any time of the day or night .. The classes are super fun like body pump   you will likely find yourself with extra charges when trying to freeze   terminate your account." Word to the wise: monitor your hygiene and really consider if the convenience is worth it."  quite the opposite in fact the management was very accommodating.  I did give a months advance warning though so maybe that was an issue other people had." Overall this is a good gym.  If I'm in the mood for a group exercise class I'll come here.  If I just want to run on the treadmill I'll usually go to Planet Fitness down the road (at Planet Fitness I can watch better tv and actually hear it too)." xXxJ7b_WUy0LBLIEM7614w 6) purchase more hand weights and resistance bands in the upstairs group fitness room"  zumba and step class. I did not enjoy using the cardio room way TOOOOOO small. The staff is very friendly!!!! Ive never seen the staff clean the cardio machines." I went for lap swimming.  Pool heated to 87 degrees.  Too hot.  83 would be much better!  Very friendly staff.  Nice facility. I love this YMCA. It's so clean and very nice! I like how all of the rooms are separate from each other. The pool is great! The locker rooms are clean and the sauna steam rooms are excellent. The childcare is awesome... Very clean and a very friendly staff! Nothing bad to say about this place!  as well as the pool area and locker rooms. NOTE: they do not provide towels or locker keys here. Wifi is also very unreliable. They have one water fountain upstairs that could definitely use an update and cleaning methods are a bottle of spray cleaner and paper towels. There's definitely a lot of improve upon When I return next year for the holidays I will likely join this gym again.   Overall The place can get pretty crowded after work hours with both adults and young adults (older kids).  The parking lot has been overcrowded this month.  I sincerely hope that all who are venturing out to get fit will continue the journey throughout the year." Great location.  Kids really enjoy all the activities.  HFFA has several classes and activities for kids so you can get them involved in a healthy lifestyle My four stat rating is based primarily on the pools. It is the only fitness facility in the Lake Norman area i will stay a member of the gym but no more birthdays." As a parent of a swimmer this is really not a great pool for watching a meet. The stands are small and the tiny results scoreboard is blocked by the crowd if not directly behind you. Parking is atrocious. The positive is the pool is pretty new and in good condition .  and the water temperature is a bit cold compared to pools I frequented in the past." After canceling membership they still took money off my account. Refused to give it back and used my autherzation form from when I signed up to justify the card being ran even though I filed my termination 15 days prior to the auto draft day. Over the course of a year there where several incidents ranging from not telling parents of children with illnesses in the day care to lude behavior by trainers towards members. They do not do a good job of maintaining a respectable workout area nor do they have honorable office staff. Glad to be done with this facility I wouldn't recommend anyone to join this gym. Good aquatic facility with nice pools and gym. The showers and locker rooms are in serious need of improvements. Showers are terrible. The Gym is up to date but the equipment computer rarely work. Beware of SwimMAC as well. I had my 3 year old child enrolled on their classes and because she has ADHD they decided to kick her out.  disorganized swim lesson set up everything from the online system to arriving at the pool and not knowing what levels are appropriate who goes where and emotionally detached instructors expecting kids to comply... This place is a disappointment but I think  strengths are probably the swim team? Also they have a really fun exercise class it's cardio dance. Other than that not sure why I would drive 25 minutes out of my way" Good for 1-3 hours of summertime fun." "Went here yesterday to experience what it's like in an indoor waterpark. Overall it was nice except everyone had to exit the water not once but TWICE. Let's just say not everyone swimming doesn't have bladder control. Anyways  he just loves a party especially if it involves water.  I think this place is a great party idea and of course you can come anytime as they're open all year............the perks of an indoor water park.  I've had great experiences here but my last was a little different as the chlorine seemed to be at a higher level than normal  we were asked to exit the water for 30 minutes while the chlorine worked its magic on the *contaminated* water.  Perhaps it was this experience that really turned me off We went on a Friday and it wasn't too busy. We all had a wonderful time until the end. We were in the womens locker room and even though they had a family locker room there were little boys there about 6-7 years old changing in the room too and one walking around with no clothes on. I had my little sister and did not appreciate it at all. When I talked to staff all they asked me was if they had autism? It doesnt chnge anything.Come on there was a family bathroom right there. And they didn't seem too concerned about my complaint. And the bathrooms were nasty. But if you don't use the locker rooms or bathrooms it is good. T-aIp7pFkZbL71CJAZ9SJA  etc. The bathroom  changing areas get full fast and maintenance can't always attend to them as often as needed."  I think it's a fantastic option for those days when you're kids as out of school and you just want to read the internet....or a book." 7. Water temperature perfect."  and were the only people there for a while. Kids had a great time. It was perfect for 4 year olds. Once it got crowded we left though."  not even getting my my face wet and my eyes were burning. I think it's a cute facility that is better suited for younger kids.  They have so much packed into a small area. I didn't find the fees as a Meck Co resident to be ridiculous either. The facility does provide some vest as well I go because it's close and it's easy."  so take heed of the restrictions & meter rules around here! If I'm in the area and need to fit in a fast  all of the cardio and weightlifting equipment is within close proximity.  But hey  there tends to be a lot of younger folks here. I like that (makes me work-out harder) ****I miss my KB instructor but have really enjoyed taking the occasional Turbo Kick class.  The structure and queuing is different ...but can provide a good workout."  and are always willing to lend a hand.  I like this Y better than the other ones around Charlotte mostly because it's not always super crowded and you almost never have to wait to use a machine.  I really like the classes- especially spin - I forgot her name but my lady (she was pregnant at the time) was always motivating and kept me going!  It's a nice cozy little gym that is very convenient if you live within walking distance.  Parking is readily available too if you aren't." The member base of this gym is sometimes sort of blah. A ton of the BofA workers work out here after work or on their lunch break so there sometimes isn't a lot of variety or excitement.. but that's not why we go to a gym is it?! If you don't mind  and the crowd is laid back without the ""strutting"" that you can see at other gyms. I never see it packed or desolate This is now our go to Y during the week!" Be sure to look up the parking codes on their branch website so you can park in the parking lot right beside the Y after 4:30 each weeknight.  Otherwise you have to park in the parking deck up the street."  so I'm not familiar with specific parking for gateway YMCA. Just a heads up! Definitely recommend." "Try the new Crossfit classes with Coach Steffie! You will get your money's worth and then some. I see her almost 4 times a week and I'm fittest I've ever been in my life! The Y is clean Check the website for parking information (I walk there but there's a free lot [with access code] in the evenings and they validate up to 2 hours in the garage)."  everyone is super nice and the equipment is pretty new. The ladies locker room is cavernous with little side rooms for personal training and various nutritional council rooms. Downstairs is the classroom where you can participate in free classes.  The location is awesome for me The Gateway Village YMCA is well maintained and clean. Exercise machines are up to date and they recently got new machines. Will definitely check them out." The Dowd YMCA is a great place; with state of the art equipment  But it's still the best gym in town. By far." - My locked locker was broken into in 2006 and my gym bag was stolen from it."  but I'm a big proponent of a big papa lock on my locker. For the money and the friendly service "Oddly the best gym in Charlotte; although it is packed between 5-7:30 on a weekday.  Lots of equipment and free weights.  Staff can be a bit rude sometimes  this is definitely the best and the largest. Also has the most parking available too. Very welcoming 1 less star due to the gyms popularity.  Sometimes looking for a parking space can be a workout in itself.  Lately I've just been parking really far away and just jogging in with bag in tow... great warm up."  but you always get what you pay for and they offer Financial Aid to those who need it!" Overall great experience; I highly recommend this gym." I wish that they would get on the ball and start tweeting - especially when we had the snow ice delays last week!  Grrr!!!"  Dowd is still the nicest gym I've attended." b3u-GK6_xj2fJkinzLk_jQ  and it is a monthly draft. This $40 a month also includes the use of the OTHER 2 YMCA's in the uptown area as well! I definitely think this is a much better deal than the close competitor Sports and Fitness. $40 for a monthly gym membership is very reasonable for downtown in a larger city." Overall as a few people mentioned this place isn't completely perfect - parking's a B and  I feel they could amp up the AC in Keith gym but overall it really has exceeded my expectations!"  I guess I should talk about the actual gym component eh? I've been to different Y's in Charlotte and Y's in other cities and the Dowd has the most recent models of treadmills Crime is a problem!  I had my phone and keys stolen from me while I was in the pool at Dowd.  My babysitter had her car broken into in the Dowd parking lot as well. Both of these events took place within the last 2 months.  It is not worth working out at a place where you and your property are unsafe. Be sure to attend athletic conditioning classes conducted by Becky (if you're advanced) and Roy ( if you're not yet advanced).  They're fantastic and worth the time The best workout this gym provides is the walk back and forth from your car  I don't want to sit in the hot-tub with you while you're naked after you worked out-gross!  I understand a certain amount of undress is expected but some people (generally the older crowd I might add) take it to an extreme." What a wonderful place!  I will definitely be back!"  just make sure to sign up for a bike early - they will and always do fill up. Convenient location on Morehead  and would recommend anyone to go there! :)"  but it reads ""This is your year!"" which is great motivation every time you leave the gym!  I am hoping 2012 will be MY year and the Dowd will help me (in the words of my favorite Star Trek Captain) ""Make it so""...." Looking forward to the crowds thinning out and trying some of the other locations."  you'll spend $100 a month for 2 people.  That to me is a bit on the pricey side..."  people like to walk around naked at this y more than any other charlotte-area y i've been to."  while my fees helped pay for trashy people who don't know how to act in public....constant screaming and cussing.  The men's locker room is always nasty. The toilets are disgusting I love the dowd y . Love that it is so close to my office  making it easy to fit into my day. My favorite class is the roc it circuit training class. My goal is to do 3 supersprint triathalons. Just started the master swim  and I am learning lots. Great support for whatever you do.  Only down side parking if you go between 5-6  although I just received email  that they now have extra parking at surrounding office and church. I like checking in with Bryan on second floor if I don't see him in a while he notices and it keeps me accountable.  Great people working there keep me feeling like I belong  and supported in what ever my goal.  the parking can be challenging but after a while you can figure out when and where is the best.  Membership can be expensive but they now offer tier membership fees based on income. If you don't make much  I was there for a seminar.  I had to find my own way upstairs via the elevator to the room.  There were no signs and no one available to assist me.  Otherwise  you can't bring them to the Dowd Y on weekdays. I don't  there isn't much to complain about with Dowd... it doesn't provide the personal workout experience that Johnston or even Childress Klein does Tip: If you can go at non peak time (lunch This ymca is very large.  It has 4 floors to exercise.  Like 10 racket ball rooms.  Towel and rags are ease of access to shower and etc.  The downside is that most hours of the day it is crowded because it is located downtown.  but only to people who really honestly don't care about having strange women exhibitionists waving stuff around in their faces while in the locker room. As for me - I care - probably too much to return." They could take a hint from 24 Hour Fitness (which usually plays some pretty bad-ass house music)... or even the music their own group exercise classes play upstairs." fXo7RWiS-U8zr4zImqIfLA Love the Dowd. Love being a member here. That is all." While it would take me a few visits to become fully oriented with each floor and the location of everything  but since I'm committed to not missing a workout under for reason I came hear to take a make up class that I missed at Childress Klein.... the 6am athletic conditioning class was a great workout FYI: it's definitely worth looking for a parking spot!" Great facility! Amazing staff! Dion assisted me and he was so professional! I will be joining this gym! So much to do there! I simply loved racket ball!  even though the instructors are pushing my limits to the point where i almost cry :-)" Wait 20 mins to get a parking spot then wait 15 for a machine no thanks. Just cancelled and move to Fitness Connection for $10 bucks a month. For that price I can go to a swanky yoga studio on the weekends and still be cheaper than the Y. This place is seriously over sold. Stop selling more memberships when you don't have enough space or equipment to accommodate current members. Serious over crowding issue. "This is the best Y in Charlotte and that is saying something considering it's age. Every group class under the sun I am always recommending the Dowd to friends and family. It's a great place  going at non-peak hours saves me from the parking and crowding issues that others seem to face- ain't no crowds at 9:30 pm! I generally stay in the Women's Fitness Center  but the gym on the third floor is top notch. They have a piano! The staff is friendly and everyone seems to be smiling. I'm only not giving the facility 5 stars because their visitors policy is 3x per month Hope I didn't insult anyone. It's one of the great old institutions of Charlotte"  come all and get healthy!"  and if you time your arrival you can find people leaving. Not bad. It does get crowded during peak hours but that is to be expected. I can only imagine what the place will look like come January. It is nothing that would deter me bc as I said  free weight room is inadequate for the amount of members. Only 2 squat racks and very low ceilings make it seem even more packed than it is. Serviceable gym during non-peak hours but I would suggest finding another place to work out if you are really in to weight lifting."  great instructors. Hours are amazing and the equipment is newer up stairs. They've added a few more classes. Pools are fantastic. The juice spot is great! Staff is nice. The bad: parking is impossible.  Seriously if you plan to come at 4:30-7:00 monday-friday "Beautiful facilities- all the amenities you could ever need The Dowd has the largest selection of work out classes and their schedule is awesome. Parking can be a little tricky but waiting for a spot is worth it. I love how much space there is at this Y. Great gym! I love the spacious floors that this YMCA allows. I don't feel like anyone was judging me as I worked out. But then again I focus on myself and less with what's around me. But I would suggest you to avoid the bottom floor where all the intense weight training machines weights are located. It's where all the meat heads are located. If you're a female all they do is STARE."  I used to own a locker there and all the ladies are pretty cool. If you're a regular expect to strike up some conversations with some chicas... I mean if they see you everyday Overall I am glad I am a member here."  it has almost everything you need  high-volume Y so lots of whining people who demand alot. I give them credit for trying to make people happy.  I am smiling more when I workout as I'm less peeved about all the non-caring people  for a good price - especially because I get to go to any Charlotte Y. The only downside is that it gets VERY busy (get to class early!) and parking can be quite difficult at prime times."  there are many gyms in the area but this one is spacious and very reasonably priced."  the set up is super cool. But my issue is . It's a bit racist if your black they think your sneaking in trying to steal stuff . I had a woman tell me I look like a thief I can't come in this way to go to the locker room. If you do not come in there dress like a business savvy person  "This is the only YMCA that I've been to in the area. I'm unsure how this compares. However  and has been for months. It will take on average 20 minutes to find parking in the 5:30-7 pm timeframe. The gym suggested you avoid peak hours (before work and after work) but that is difficult because   love the classes. I think I'm getting a really good workout.  I joined because I literally pass the gym on my way home. But I hate that's it based on income. I pay a pretty penny and I'm thinking of cancelling because of that. It's like your punished for having a decent income  including athletic conditioning which they have almost every day. Stay away from going at peak times as it can be difficult to find a parking spot. Otherwise A+"  which is obviously something you'd want from a gym. Never too crowded  go to the front desk first and get a pass. The actual yoga room is down the last elevator bank and through the glass doors. You need a pass to get through security."  is the community of regulars who also make the daily pilgrimage to burn some calories before the sun rises.  There are some serious athletes who train like crazy and some desk jockeys who live for their exercise highs outside of the office (that's my hand raised in the back of the room).  In all  you'll have to exchange your Y scan card at the front desk for a special pass as it is across the hall and through security."  and the gateway location would be a hassle to jump on and off the trolley.  Everything you could ask for in a gym.....classes I'll definitely recommend this facility and will consider returning to it on my next Charlotte  and Shari's BODYFLOW on Monday and Thursday is by far the best yoga-type class I've ever taken.  She's a great teacher.  My only complaint is that they charge $10 per guest.  If I want to bring someone that is visiting me from out of town or something While this Y does have parking in the basement of the building But if you are in a time crunch and you work uptown you can get used to this tiny location.  Don't forget parking is free after 4:30PM!!!" Amazing service!  Now I wish I belonged to a YMCA back home.  Going to have to look into it for sure."  not much being offered with the current scheduled trainer there.  It's been so tough I've been advised by YMCA staff to actually go to another YMCA location to use their 3rd party vendor if I want to get quality comprehensive fitness coaching. Would like to see that service offered at this location."  it's less crowded. I also feel that people are a bit more ""real"" at CK... I don't feel underdressed when I'm working out and people actually talk to you -whereas at Dowd I feel a bit inferior because I don't own any Lululemon & I actually take my makeup off before working out. Don't get me wrong  the CK YMCA both amazes and fufills their duties in providing great services to their members and their community."  I could go on and on.  Make sure to avoid at your typical peak times to maximize the experience.  I like to block off an hour on my calendar mid-morning or afternoon and have the whole place to myself.  I always see one of our EVP's around these same times  and not feel like you are in the way. If you can deal with the hassle of parking (they validate within a very limited window of time) it's worth checking out." I usually go right at peak time and have never had to wait for a cardio machine. Sometimes the ab area behind the cardio is a bit full  I'd come back and probably will. Clean and well laid out facilities with decent staff makes this a winning place to get your sweat on in my book." "Great location and clean gym. Joined this YMCA when I began working uptown. They provide towels on the fitness floor for mopping away your sweat as well as full bath towels in the locker room. Fully equipped locker room offering convenient way to shower before heading back to the office. Great variety of machines and indoor pool. Can see basketball court and classes from machines. They offer a variety of classes The YMCA's as a whole in Charlotte are better than a lot of other gyms. If you didn't land that silver spoon job out of school and can't afford Crossfit Check it out if you're ever in need of an Uptown workout.  It's a great spot before or after work for persons that commute to the area daily."  she said that approx 20 people had to leave the class do to lack of bikes emphasizing that we should leave class if we were not up to fully participating.  I should mention the class was similar to Flywheel with a leader board with TV'S ovethead tracking each indiv bike. The class began with a 30 sec warm up and finished without a cool down or stretch and we were told to stretch off to the side to allow for the next class to begin. During the class there was no mention of proper form or the use of spin shoes to enhance the workout.  As a participant and cycle instructor I was surprised by the format and lack of proper warm up and cool down. I was also surprised that this was the atmosphere at the Y.  The facility was very nice and the equipment was good but I think they need to have a sign up sheet for the class and good decription of the intensity of the class." The best part of the YMCA is how clean it is. There is cleaning spray and a towel stationed at every machine and I noticed that people were very good about cleaning up after themselves."  even when it's ""busy."" Probably a convenient location only if you live downtown  here:  http:  www.8thstreetstudio.com yoga-center" "I've been going to the Yoga Center for years even though I still go to other studios.   Phyliss is the only Iyengar certified teacher in Charlotte and is a true gem of a teacher.  If you want to learn about yoga or are just starting out this is a great place to start your practice.  If you are experienced or prefer another style of yoga  I've taken classes with each of the yoga teachers here and they are all really good at what they do. It's Iyengar style yoga Great instructors! I've taken pilates for over 15 years and hands down my favorite studio!  and then take your first left into where all of the brick buildings are. They are back left if you were standing on Fairview. I suggest leaving early for class the first time you go in case you get lost like me :) Alas "Wow!  This place is a class act.  Everyone is wonderful and so educated in their field. I have been taking another Barre Course for awhile now in Charlotte and was wondering why I kept getting injuries or feeling so horrible the next couple of days.  After taking the Corre Barre courses here  smart and effective movement.       Just a few weeks in as a newbie to Pilates (and nearly a newbie to exercise) I am not sure how it rates price-wise against local gyms because you get a lot for your money beyond just a place to work out. If you are a single person who just wants to lift weights  do cardio you might be able to find something cheaper. If you have a family or are looking for a social component as well as a gym  though not as fancy for kids like the Morrison I'm really happy that I joined and I'm super-pleased with this facility." I may run into you here...or another branch...I'll keep you guessing because I can!"  and luckily the facility is nice enough to keep the workouts enjoyable." The one thing I could do without are the kids who are allowed to join this branch of the YMCA. They don't exactly disrupt my workout Pilates with Lisa is relaxing. I like her form of teaching and I understand the concept much more so." My wife and I like it a lot here and we'd definitely recommend the Harris Y." I have not met anyone very friendly there and I assume that is because it is the ""SoPark"" area - but since I don't go to the gym to socialize I guess it doesn't matter."  etc. is a little too casually run for my taste. The people who work behind the desk often get into long conversations with members or fellow employees "I went here on Veterans Day with my son so we could do something fun. I heard they had an indoor water park and went to check it out. We got there a little early (about 9:30am) and the parking lot was packed. When I went in the woman at the desk immediately greeted me and helped me check-in since I was just checking out the facility and using the pool for the day. She walked me to the locker room and showed me how to get to the pool- extremely helpful. On a cold day the indoor pool was nice and warm and though the indoor water park is somewhat small Wait 20 mins for an elliptical. The weights are limited and they don't have a lot of machines. Oversold memberships. I just closed my over priced membership and joined fitness connection where everything is new and only 10 bucks a month. The Y is overrated.  NC.  I went for a day to see how it was and really enjoyed it.  I have only done floor tumbling so far "This Y is huge. It has two indoor pools and an out door pool with diving pad for competition.  The kids have their own building with all kids activities in it. The pool area is huge "The evening cycle classes are great. Particularly on Mondays and Thursdays.  The gym area at Harris is acceptable but times are limited due to the number of patrons.   The absolutely worst part is trying to find a parking space on a cold winter night and the one you find is pretty far from the door.  Again My favorite YMCA in the Charlotte area (and I've tried 4 of them). The staff were so friendly as soon as I walked in the door. I love that they have a track as well as lots of different cardio areas so you're never having to wait on a machine. Great place to workout. Great pool experience but membership sign up took so long..  as I stated in my tip there is something for everyone. From childcare to swimming lessons to dance classes to fitness and sports. You can't go wrong with the Harris YMCA!  I just wish they had a larger parking lot especially since I was told this is the largest YMCA in the Charlotte area."  pilates yoga studio and more. They also offer childcare. Harris Y offers classes from photography to adult gymnastics to ballroom to kid's camps and activities. The group exercise schedule is updated every month It's my first gym membership and I was a little intimidated by the idea but everyone there is great. I even ran into a friend I didn't know went. Overall  which are free to all members. She has a strong dance background and she's very energetic and easy to follow." "Played a recent tennis match here and the place is really nice. I would dare say is a massive complex behind the trees off Providence Road. Open for membership to everyone of culture and faith "I went as a guest with a member to a series of yoga classes and they were the best yoga classes I've taken!  The facilities were outstanding and the instructor was terrific! If you are looking for a really nice gym to join that offers a variety of classes and excercise equipment A wonderful place to workout and swim - a true vibrant center of culture and Jewish life in Charlotte.  like a few weeks old here.  I can't wait to continue to explore the facility and the great members we've already met.  It's good to find someplace that really makes you feel welcome."  and basketball courts quite often and they are always clean and very well maintained."  definitely take advantage of the complimentary training session you get. They spend lots of time with you and actually listen to what it is you want to focus on  which is always nice. I would have stayed a member longer if I hadn't decided to put my fitness funds toward Yoga One. If you're looking for a gym  because it just struck me as juvenile.  The funny thing about this place is that there used to be a teacher (and I believe that he was one of the founders of the organization) here named Mr. Baxter and I recently spotted him in a spoof on Taekwondo called The Fist Foot Way filmed in Concord.  Wow  but zero is done to ensure these words are understood or followed. Most of the kids are out of control and disrespectful to the instructors and other students. Any attempt to voice the slightest bit of constructive critism is met with anger followed by bullying emails. If you want real martial arts This has been a great experience for my kids. Sean and his staff are amazing. Can't say enough about his teaching and ability to relate to younger kids.  friendly and professional operation.  You will leave each time with a slightly damp THE best swimming classes you will find in CLT. Martha Sue and her staff are AMAZING and you will truly feel like part of a family. Couldn't love it more. I only have positive things to say about Charlotte Swim Academy!  My son has gone from being afraid of swimming to being able to swim underwater.  The one on one experience with the instructor made a huge difference.  All in all it's been a great experience and I highly recommend using them.  my daughter progressed by leaps and bounds. I will never take my children anywhere but CSA. The instructors are knowledgeable and great with children. I could have saved hundreds if only I had come here first. But I am glad to have found them now." "We love CSA! The staff's goal seems to be to foster the love of swimming in everyone! The staff is well-trained "I came to Madison and tried out this club.  VERY  NICE for the individual price.  A warm pool x7xS2DJvu8klyNzcpN8QHg 8 years and counting!" I found my way back and like the Prodigal son who returns home after making mistakes I am back and I am happy!!"  and the water in the pools is kept at a comfortable temperature. I've worked out a Harbor for a year now. The club has the appearance of a facility that has expanded multiple times as best it can given the architecture of the building and the space available. It's not easy to navigate as there are many separate rooms  who want flexibility in how they spend their limited resources... Harbor Athletic Club is (possibly) not for you." "I LOVE LOVE LOVE HARBOR! It is almost solely based on the group fitness structure. There are a lot of add ons that can get pricey which can be annoying. I have been a member for the last ten years so I have a fabulous rate. It isn't a huge concern for me. But the facilities like many people below have mentioned are really outdated. The feel down to the carpet "27 holes and a nine hole par 3. Nice course This is a very nice course that is great for all levels of play."  make sure you tell them you didn't finish the fifth hole."  and the fact that he can share those rounds will get us on the course together and get him more practice.  I highly recommend Pleasant View for their kids' lessons - so far Great staff and you can't beat the location.  Excellent place to hold a party or other event."  and there's generally enough room to get your work done. Everyone I ran across in my four or five days of lifting there while in town was absolutely friendly. I normally lift in a large  plus yoga and martial arts classes upstairs. This old-school gym is all about working out!  :-)" "I have been a member of this gym on and off for the last several years.  My only complaint is that they only have one location.  No frills  but the people I've interacted with have been real down-to-earth and friendly. And it's not just for powerlifters and bodybuilders. I've seen all types (genders  classic Powerlifing equipment and more. The place is always a bit dusty and musty... Why... Because it's a Freaking Gym Best Place to work out in Madison! "I couldn't believe my luck when I googled gyms near my friend's house (where I'd be spending a long weekend) and found she lived two blocks from this treasure. I was able to stroll over three times during my brief stay and drop in for $7. This meager sum granted me access to a warehouse filled with fitness equipment of all kinds. Judging by its website  and you see a higher than average number of competitive powerlifters/bodybuilders walking through the place. Truly a hidden gem for serious lifters." The only downside to this Y compared to others is that you have to pay for the yoga and pilates classes and they require advanced registration.  I like to drop-in on such classes." Yeah good place to work out We come here for the kids activities. I am not a member if this gym. Why? They're not open 24 hours and they're expensive for what I use the gym for. The kids activities would be a lot cheaper if we were members but we don't do activities all year long so it's just cheaper to pay the high non member price of the activities.  & a great place to work out! Zumba is a fun way to break a sweat!"  young urban professionals and some retirees who are just trying to stay healthy. No creepy people ogling you (which you may be looking for) and no rude gym bunnies laughing at you in your leotard on the treadmill....but really....you shouldn't have the leotard and hot pink leg warmers on anyway...it is 2010.  But hey  tangible) and the one thing I hated at all of them were the fact that they were always busy with people who seemed to have an intimidating aura.  This place isnt like that.  It is quite big and has pretty decent equipment.  I usually go workout with my trainer (Jesse) around 530 and we always are able to workout with no waiting for having to share machines.  They have a lane pool  especially if you're tired of the ""mainstream"" gyms or just want a better overall gym experience.  Plus they have a Cold Plunge which is getting harder and harder to find in a gym nowadays.  These people actually KNOW what they are doing and what muscle building and muscle building recovery is all about.  For my money  and classes.  Wish there were a few more yoga classes or classes geared to those of us that are out of shape/beginners I signed up with this gym about a week ago and I'm very happy with it. They have all the equipment you need and I have never had to wait to find a machine to get started on my workout. They have validated parking and the people here are always very friendly and ready to help. I plan to be a regular here. "I came into Phoenix on business and needed a gym and I'm glad I stopped into CPSAC.  This is  honestly one of the cleanest gyms I have ever been in  and the equipment is current and in good working order.  This place is fully stocked for just about any kind of workout you could ever need.  It even has a lap pool  I'm guessing because its pretty hidden so not too many people know of this place.The only negatives was that you have to park in a garage and walk over to the building which can be a hassle looking for an empty spot but they do validate parking at the gym! Also there was only one bench press station which can be an issue for some people. The biggest reason I didn't join was because its pretty pricey Buyer beware. The contract which seems like it's not one is worded in such a way that if you want to quit this pricey and dated spot you must do so in an exact manner. If you don't quit the right way they are very aggressive and unprofessional in collecting and aren't willing to work with you on a resolution. I stayed at the Hotel San Carlos and they are partnered with this gym. It's a block away from the hotel. Well equipt gym. I was able to have an excellent workout. nothing flashy - just a comfortable fitness environment with generally well maintained equipment and facilities. Love this gym.  Very casual and comfortable and the locker rooms are well maintained and tidy.  A great way to spend my lunch hour. Thank goodness they've got some competition!" I am so grateful for this studio and the owner rocks!!"  the teachers are knowledgeable and friendly and the other practitioners seem happy and healthy and hey I would defiantly return if I were in the area again." Think 30 sweaty people in a 105 degree room contorting themselves into crazy positions and that's what you get with Bikram. It was strangely relaxing though (could have been that I laid on my mat most the class) and the teacher had a really soothing voice and gave great descriptions of what to do next. I'll give it another shot sometime  I don't feel this hindered me at all. The classes are 90 minutes and apparently you can burn 800-1200 calories during a session. The sessions can be intense but what was really nice was how accepting the instructors are towards beginners. They are more concerned with doing the posture right than how far you can push yourself. They are also okay if you need to sit down as long as you try to stay in the room the whole time. This is such a friendly studio and I agree with the other review that the instructors/employees seem genuinely uplifted and happy. They love what they do and it shows. Come hydrated I've been to roughly 6 classes and enjoy it every single time. The instructors are very patient and helpful. The classes truly seem to welcome you with open arms I love being healthy."  I'd likely not try a hot yoga class again."  the owner is friendly and welcoming as are the teachers who lead the classes. This was my 3rd time doing yoga in general and in no way did i feel out of place or foolish due to my low skill level. in fact the class had a great mix of newb and vet. I'd recommend anyone to try out a class just to get a feel of it "I just started here recently because I bought a Groupon for $15 for an unlimited month. It is usually $160 for an unlimited month. I have been addicted and have attended class 4 our of the last 6 days. Remember to pace yourself and drink a lot of water  pushing yourself to your own personal limits and you will be rewarded greatly for your resolve!"  this would be my place. Some studios get too corny with their faux new-agey vibe....but here I feel like the vibe and ' heart' is organic and unforced.  Brooke the owner is an AMAZING instructor. She provides useful information about the transformative effects of each pose and it pushes me to complete each section with dignity The instructors and staff here are wonderful. They are always open to any questions you have after class and even talked to me about what types of hydration are good (I suggest coconut water in addition to regular water). The studio is really calming. In the room where you come in before class there are comfortable places to sit with lots of books on meditation. It is a wonderful environment. They also do a $20 two week intro with unlimited classes you you can see if Bikram is right for you. I suggest it to anyone who has been considering giving Bikram a try."  as does the whooshing sounds (I had to bite my lip to keep me from laughing) and sweating. Overall though My wife and I had a good experience practicing Bikram Yoga on an unlimited month pass we bought using Groupon. It was a heck of a deal. Every instructor we had is great. They each have their own unique way of giving the class. I would like to attend more sessions but work has gotten a little too hectic. The 5:15 class in the afternoon is really popular and gets really packed but they know how to fit as many people in a class that they can.  Hopefully when things calm down at work we can purchase another package. "I had very good experiences at this studio. I took about 11 classes there from 2009-2011 (before I had a consistent yoga practice) to help with sciatic pain. The instructors were very encouraging. I really liked Gemma's classes because she integrates nice readings into the class and thoroughly explained the physical and mental benefits of each posture. I also enjoyed Stella I was a bit nervous and excited to try Bikram yoga.  I've heard a lot about it ranging from it's the best thing ever to no way.  The whole experience was great.  My instructor was Jen and she pulled all of newbies aside and explained what to expect and most importantly we don't need to be heros - listen to our bodies and take breaks as needed.  She continously talked through the entire class; walking us through each step and breath.  She corrected form as needed and provided the encouragement to get through each pose.  I'm hooked!!! You should totally try it out! You'll probably hate it during but love it SO much after!" So overall I had a good experience there. But it is not really close to me so probably I won't be coming back there. But if you're bikram fan and it's close by "After purchasing a daily deal here I did a month of yoga going about 4 or 5 times a week.  The instructors are great and I felt amazing after every class. The downside is that the studio seems a little dirty and always had a stinky foot odor in the studio due to the carpet and sweat combo that goes on. Yikes. Also  so after receiving a groupon I took advantage of the deal and went to an evening class.  Pretty crowded and yes hot hot hot. Almost too hot for me.  I just didn't click with it  enjoyed trying something new!"  and the place looked like a zoo.  I was worried that every class was going to be crowded like my experiences at Bikram Yoga Instiute.  Every class afterwards was much more relaxing and peaceful.  I really felt like I was meditating with myself with the teachers here.  In addition Julie was my instructor today and she was sweet and helpful and made sure I was okay since I was a new student here. I had a great class and am looking forward to my month-long package!" 5EyT-ZbhJR6LwtVaPyE3bg It's a great feeling and I am glad I have found something I really enjoy doing.  I am always looking forward to my next class!"  and the whole place just vibrates a wonderful energy.  It's a place I know I can go and always feel good.  The teachers are helpful Brooke the owner is an awesome person and someone to have in your life Did my mind and body good. Party~"  if for no other reason than it's the only thing you can do in Phoenix in the summer that makes the weather outside seem ""cold."""  sleevless and tighter fitting exercise shorts.  Get ready to sweat I bought the LivingSocial deal and so I'll complete my 20 classes but I may try another studio at the end of it. I was really excited to start Bikram in a new city The only downside to the studio is the studio itself smells funky! I wish they would spray some febreeze in here or something Even though my coupon is up I can see myself coming back here if I'm ever wanting a Bikram fix. The nice thing is that they have class packages you can purchase through their site that you don't have to worry about using up in a certain time. I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a great Bikram only studio." 4. The instruction is excellent. Every teacher definitely has her/his own style and I prefer some over others  never demonstrated one pose OR even made rounds to correct those doing them wrong. Lots of people that hadn't done yoga before because of the groupon and it's unfortunate they have been thought incorrectly. This instruction method is going to cause people injuries. FYI never do a jerking twisting motion with your upper body to try and square your hips!!! The instructor even told me and another girl NOT to drink water at the moment we did! So not OK I will never visit this place again and will never recommend this place to anyone. Take my advice and keep looking for another studio!"  you need to know ALL THE BIKRAM. Not a good place for beginners or anyone with a sense of smell for that matter. The carpet really is a health hazard and I left feeling sick from the stench. The instructor didnt bother to take one second to explain things carefully or slowly  asthma and bad back...I have been going to this studio for a little over a year. If I can do Bikram Yoga most anyone can. The heat is hard to get used to in the beginning but the heat makes it possible to stretch beyond what I thought was possible. The proprietor and her staff have created an atmosphere where everyone should feel welcome no matter what your body type or physical ability. The studio is constantly being renovated and upgraded. The recent replacement of the ceiling and the addition of ozone machine shows the management's commitment to the yogi students. I give 5 stars. Namaste!"  there were more than 50 people in a class (so many that a couple times I got someone else's sweaty foot on my head which made me not thrilled to say the least). I suppose the Hatha or Bikram yoga styles are not really my favorite as I didn't love it at Yogini's and Ways it was awesome: The schedule was very flexible." -The hot room is small. Get there EARLY.  And you still will have mats 8 inches from yours depending on the class."  Bikram Phoenix has a more tranquil feel.  There is an altar with two of the most revered modern yoga masters on the planet.  There are tea lights around the studio I would recommend this studio to anyone."  and everyone truly seems happy to be there. Brooke is warm and welcoming and that carries over to her staff. Thank you for being so consistent and though I may take a break or take advantage of a Groupon elsewhere....I always feel at home in this studio. It is my happy place:)" I would never suggest this place to anyone."  the room fills up fast.  Is that a sign???  I would say so.  Keep it up guys are you are awesome."  moldy and just plain gross! It is difficult to say you're doing something healthy when you're staring at the ceiling and all the mold is staring right back at you... The yoga itself is great however it is hard to get over the unbearable smell of sweat that slaps you in the face the moment you walk in.. I'm sure there are better places to try in town!" The good thing about yoga is we get to practice yoga and there's many choices out there! Sometimes you have to drive a little bit farther for the yoga studio that feels like home for you."  the practice room does not smell moldy or harsh in any way. They have areas for your belongings right at the front door or cubbyholes in the locker room. The staff is extremely friendly and willing to walk you through the whole process. Make sure to arrive early and bring plenty of water and a towel!"  the owner!! They offer plenty of class times to make it convenient and every instructor is so welcoming and knowledgeable that I cannot decide which one is my favorite! Bikram yoga is amazing and if you are looking to deepen your practice and heal your body this is the place to go!!!" Another plus is that they offer a multitude of classes. They have traditional Bikram but also Vinyasa  the incense and candles (real ones!  Fire danger!) the place was really really odifourous.  Hated putting my face or feet anywhere in the studio space.  The lobby and changing area was really nice but call me a woose but that studio whiff really gave me the heebie-jeebies as did the perky twilight yoga teacher giving me some sequence (she called it a vinyasa) that had me twisting my spine before warmed up.  She also did a physical adjustment which is a no-no at Bikram schools."  they seem to really care about the students' practice and have taught me many things that I'd never learned in other places.  I highly recommend this place and am even going to continue to attend after my groups expires!" "4 stars because I've only attended one Bikram session! So far I am very impressed! I was super nervous about doing a ""hot"" style yoga. The instructor Kevin was very welcoming and encouraging throughout the class. I am excited for my next session! Also 5 stars! I've gone to 3 classes by 3 different instructors and I am hooked! They are all great in their own ways. Just go! You won't be disappointed." "I am giving this studio 2 stars because the front desk person and the instructor were so kind.  This studio is one of the smelliest hot yoga studios I have ever walked in to and I have been to many.  The moment I opened the door into the practice room I was punched in the face with an odor that I can only describe as a cat litter box full of rotting gym socks that has been sitting in a sauna for weeks on end.  The carpet was soaked with the sweat of previous students and I quickly put my mat down so I wouldn't have to touch the floor.   I want to reiterate- I have been to many hot yoga studios and many of them have a funk I had bought a Groupon because it seemed like a good deal. It's about a 25 minute commute for me and I love hot yoga so the drive seemed worth it. I used to go to Sumits Yoga in Orange County and absolutely loved it. The only thing good about this studio were the instructors...really nice people but I couldn't stand the stench of the carpet and felt like there were not enough breathing exercises during the beginning of the class. I will not be back to this studio and will try Sumits Yoga here instead. "Vitality rocks.  I've been working with Melissa for a few months and have already seen results.  I had a great nutrition session with Jen.  My wife also does personal training there Vitality also offers nutrition and massage -- which we both plan on checking out!  The owner is delightful and easy to work with. If you have any questions or concerns about your costs or the way you are being treated Go check Vitality out.  You'll be happy you did." David has the best personal and group training sessions I have ever been in.  He customizes the training to address your bodies individual problem area and enhance your body's best feature to sculpt the perfect body.  Check him out at Vitality Fitness Melissa is an exceptional trainer.  10 pounds down in a little more than 4 weeks and I couldn't be more motivated to keep going.  It's not just about working out but working on nutrition and my overall well-being.  I absolutely love it. Vitality is an awesome small gym in Central Phx that offers personal and group training.  I have been training here for many years with Melissa and never get bored with the work outs.  I never realized how challenging a 30 minute session could be until I started coming here!   Ask for Melissa- she's a great trainer who will encourage and support you while achieving your personal health goals.  I have been training with Melissa for 6 years and particularly appreciate her willingness to customize my workout to my level and goals (strength and balance). She is always prepared and engaged. She also has a great sense of humor. In fact all the staff at Vitality are both focused and fun. Try it I am 76 years old and have been at Vitality for the past 2 years.  Before I started I had trouble with balance and was told by my physician to do core body exercises.  I first tried a local gym and then decided to get a personal trainer.  A fellow I know looked so great for his age and told me about Vitality and that's when I started to exercise vigorously three times a week.  Much of what I did was to strengthen my core.  After about 8 months my balance problem started to disappear and I have had no problems for well over a year.  I sleep better and am much stronger than any of my friends.  It has made a great difference and I plan to continue.  You can't go wrong with having a personal trainer and the folks at Vitality are all excellent.  Staying health takes a commitment and that is mutual between you and your trainer.  You can't go wrong with this small and personal gym. This is a great gym.  I have been working out with Jeff Song for the past 3 years and he has done a great job for me.  He got me prepared for a hike across Northern England which covered over 200 miles over 15 days .If  it  wasn't for him and my biweekly workouts I'd probably still be hiking 6 months later.  I'm 72 years old and feel great in large part because of my workouts at  Vitality. "David at Vitality Health and Fitness truly rocks! Every time I am on business trip in Phoenix  I make a point to train with him. If your looking for a heart pumping Desert Song is a great facility." All of the other instructors are good as well. I try and get in a class twice a month here.  Not pretentious  but have tried to do some of the more advanced variations. The ""all levels"" class will probably keep me challenged for a long time. Then Heidi's intro classes are great (and not too big). But maybe you should try another teacher when you're done with intro; Heidi's other classes tend to fill up . . ." "Excellent teachers and lovely facility.  Regardless of your experience level "I came across this studio when searching for a place that offered prenatal yoga.  I have been so pleased!  The instructors are very friendly and knowledgeable Best prenatal massage in the valley! "It really doesn't get any better than this.  The only place I will go - If you want to try yoga or you've been practicing for a while  we would have easily spent $40 or more having an average experience at any of our typical haunts.  But the payoff for this two hours was far better than any other date we've had recently.  Thank you so much  intimate and nurturing environment and I am absolutely going to continue going there. It is also 5 minutes from my house......which is yet again another huge plus!!!"  the Mommy and Me yoga is so overrated. I think I just did not really mesh well with Evon. But "Love this place.  Been going for over 10 years.  Heart-centered yoga taught by heart-centered teachers.  It's a spiritual place for me as well as a place for me to work my body and mind.  Mary Beth byNyDMlRwpWD1GAil5QXjA  and I really appreciated not having to pay to rent a mat (every studio in D.C. charges for this)  but her classes have a great energy. I am really starting to notice an improvement in my balance and strength (I no longer feel like I am going to do a face plant when I go into cobra). Whether you are a beginner or advanced you should check it out."  I feel that that have always taken great care to work with me so that I never go too far and reinjure. Mary Beth and all the other instructors are the best. They also have special workshops and off site yoga trips "Dessert is simply best for all people. The into class is great for anyone just getting started or who needs a refresher. Yoga is always great for me. So i liked this place very much. If want to interact with great people while furthering your yoga practice  informative and fun.  i feel so much better afterwards. everyone is so nice and the place just has a great vibe probably due to the great people working there!" Anna is a Be talented teacher. She juggles the babies byNyDMlRwpWD1GAil5QXjA If you have never done yoga I highly recommend taking their Intro class." "I only come here for massages so that's what my rating is for.  Their 90 minute massage is $105 "This place is life changing.  LIFE CHANGING.  Any class taught by Heidi will knock your socks off.  I feel as though I'm floating thru class with ease but then I'm sore the next day.  It's as meditative & healing as it is exercise.  Very clean Does it sound like I'm crazy about this place? That's because I am! Seriously  accommodating. Atmosphere is serene and peaceful. I do not have enough words to describe how much better I felt after leaving. I can't wait to go again tonight."  desert song is hands down the best place to get a massage in the valley. The practitioners can root out your stress and rub it all away. After a massage here I feel as if all of my stressors in life have magically disappeared. There's nothing that even comes close. They've ruined me for everything else." "Desert Song's Intro to Yoga class was a perfect introduction to what has become a weekly Thursday evening routine for me.  Desert Song offers a variety of classes at different times of day "I have practiced all over the valley and no other studio comes close to Desert Song.  The center is comfortably beautiful and the instructors are some of the best I've experienced in all of my yoga travels over the past ten years.  You will experience great yoga --well sequenced  breathing techniques and overall wellness.  I used to have a lot of stress and anxiety and since I have been coming to Desert Song I have become very relaxed and serene.  Everyone who works here is exceptionally kind.  I highly recommend Desert Song!"  and meditation and caring for your body/mind." I love Desert Song!  Wonderful instructors and a beautiful space.  Great variety of instructors provide a class perfect for anyone. I started going to Desert Song about 16 weeks into my first pregnancy and I was hooked after the first prenatal yoga class I took. I got the two weeks intro card and tried out some of the other classes. All the instructors were very helpful about giving me modifications for my pregnancy. I have been going to the prenatal yoga class now for 5 weeks and I absolutely love it!! It helps so much with all the pregnancy symptoms. The other non-pregnancy classes were amazing too! Everyone here is super nice and helpful. Highly recommend. My daughter brought me here for an all levels yoga session. Absolutely great. Even got hand written thank you cards in the mail. Going back again next week. I love Desert Song!  Wonderful instructors and a beautiful space.  Great variety of instructors provide a class perfect for anyone. I promise an in depth review after the first week of torture" I was very disappointed and will not return." Sometimes the owner locks her dog up inside her car while she is in class  shouldn't you have some fun too?  I am hoping to try the boot camp and pilates at some point.  Thank you Hot Yoga Workout!!  I will be continuing to attend as many body transforming classes as possible!"  and totally forget about us. It was a total waste of time. Speaking of time....the class is scheduled for 1hr/25min. I think the class is soo long to schedule in Dawn's day dreaming. The class started almost 10 minutes late I met Dawn when she still had a regular job and a weight problem she has taught me more about staying focus working hard to getting in shape since she know what it take to keep it together. I would recommend Dawn classes in a heartbeat.!" I've tried several yoga/Pilates studio's  and this is one of my favorites. The classes are smaller but not too small and the location is great. Each teacher seems to have very different teaching techniques so it's nice to have a little variety. Kim is one of the best teachers I've ever had and HIGHLY recommend taking one of her classes! They all play different music and use different lighting depending on the class so it's always a little different. I wish there were a little more options for class times but it's a small studio and what they have is easy to work with. They have 4:30 and 6/6:30 classes depending on what you are looking for and have a couple of weekend classes. I highly recommend giving this studio a try!  pretty good prices. Patrick is a world class yoga teacher - his classes are the BEST"  and the owner Sabrina is at the top of my all time favorite teachers. Highly recommend checking this place out." "Wonderful energy in this studio and wonderful instructors.  Sabrina and Lindsey are so kind and helpful.  Even if you are new  and easy to get to.  I wish there was a basketball gym.    They need to update a lot of their equipment." nice Gym... you can always get on some sort of cardio machine no matter what time of day that you go.  there is a pool and the monthly rate is not too terrible... i find the staff helpful and the place clean.  they could change some of their weight stuff but all and all not a bad place... and they even have a pool!  over the course of a few days I did see new equipment being brought in  they suffer from the after work crowd.  And sometimes in the crazy days of January and February parking (even with the large lot) can be impossible - I've turned around and gone home on a few ocassions.  But if you avoid those times  and the first thing I noticed was that the foot pads had major dirt and grime buildup... yuck. Made me wonder the last time someone went through there with a little 409. The shower and locker room facilities were ridiculously dated  let's be honest here. I never really was a gym person. I guess as you get older and stop playing sports  but I can't resist because of the cardio classes I love so much. ARRRRGH. It just sucks squirrel nuts that I have to show up AT LEAST an hour before class just to get a spot!" Bottom line:  If you're looking for a decent place to work out The only reason I keep coming back is because its open when I need it to be."  everything you need and usually no wait for machines. The staff is super nice and there are magazines to read while your there. If they could just turn up the AC a little bit and put ESPN on more than two of the TVs." although the skinny hispanic guy that looks like he thinks hip hop is super cool thats there in pre-6am hours is fabulous. he remembers your name  I don't see what all the horrible reviews are about. I switched here from LA Fitness and am so much happier. I never received the high pressure sales tactics for memberships or trainers that I did at LA Fitness. I like the layout and it's not overcrowded. Seriously  this one could use some updates and a bit more friendliness." so many to choose from. The pool is very nice and i have even taken the water aerobics class. It is fun even with the older folks.  The instructors never push you more than you should do. There are locations everywhere  but things are only getting worse at this juncture." I feel like I've entered an 80s gym!  Once you've been to a brand new 24 Hour location its had to visit one of their old locations.  This location is somewhat close to my house but I only go if I really want to work out.  Most of the treadmills don't work and a couple of the ellipticals make squeaking noises.  I wish and hope there's some upgrades planned for this location soon. The only positive is the classes. They are always enjoyable and the instructors are great!" Ummm...really? When some gym members have bolt cutters instead of fitness gloves "Too bad there's not an option for no stars. The only thing more atrocious than the fungal smell and lack of working equipment at this gym is the customer service. Today I cancelled my entire family's membership because I've had enough. After touring three other local gyms - I'm willing to pay the extra money to switch to one that gives a crap about its customers. Having had my membership for 11 years it's a sad move Thank you 24 hour fitness for helping me get fit! I could not be happier with the wonderful teachers and friendly staff. Taking my yoga skills to the next level thanks to instructors Brijet and Dave. Namaste!  it was a Saturday afternoon.. The second time I was given a phone number to call after 3 tries and 20plus minutes of holding I tried going back in again. The third time I tried the front desk guy said ""Just go work out and afterwards you can cancel"" An 45 minutes later... ""Oh sorry the manager stepped out you can come back later today if you want to cancel."" This place could not be more poorly run. Other then the convenient location and hours there is not much else positive to say about this gym. I would never recommend this gym to anyone." I absolutelyyyyyyyyyyyy love this place :) friendly staff and amazing trainers. I am considering driving the 15 min extra and going to the Dobson Rd location until my membership runs out." Can I give it no stars? Worst gym. Cardio equipment is old and usually broken. Everything usually broken. Staff sucks. Center caps from my wheels were stolen from the crappy parking lot.  it is gross and broken down.  There is always broken equipment.  You may have to hop machines a few times just to find one that functions.  They stopped giving you a towel so no one wipes down the equipment...ewww!  They never have paper towels or sanitizer in a place that is full of bodily fluids...ewwww again!  I remember the good old days back when it was ""the Q"" club...clean and fresh.  Can't someone please buy these exercise slumlords out and bring back the good old days!!!"  usually cardio. The place is very dirty and smelly. The AC never seems to be working. The front desk staff are usually to busy being on their cell phones or talking to other staff to acknowledge you.  I'm considering driving to 43 ave and bell. That is a nice one!"  you can tell the bottom line is the only thing he cares about.  I lost everything plus a $100 bill which was my b-day money and I've spent over a few grand for membership.  I did receive a refund for 3 months but still REALLY!  'Well you shouldn't leave stuff in the locker.  These people go to gym to gym.  We have signs that tell you not to leave items in the lockers""...ummm it was locked and I've been going here for over four years and have never had an issue until now. If you are having robberies  its not too bright as all the other 24 Hr Fitness I've been to. The locker room is big and spacious. They even have a cross-fit-ish area at the entrance with huge truck tires. Good location too on Camelback and 32nd."  if it wasn't for Mickey's Thursday night yoga class I'm not sure I'd make the effort to come to this location."  the staff is very nice and I get the workout I need so I'll be sticking with it for a while."  Brandon & RyRy are the fantastic!  I recently moved back to Phoenix from San Diego and even though I have been doing Zumba for a few years  and doesn't have a strange odor. It definitely does the job for what I need. Though its a little far for my taste  I've lost 10 pounds and am so much more toned.  My workouts are never the same.  I feel better than I have in a long time and I actually enjoy working out now!" "First time at this 24. This place is falling apart. The steam room smells like piss. The sauna is dark and creepy with the boards in the ceiling falling out. Doesn't seem like it's been cleaned or anyone's given a sh*t about  this gym in a while. For shame 24 hour fitness. Also. In California this would be considered a super sport  from those at the front desk to trainers and managers. I had an interesting experience that illustrates the caliber of those at the facility -- those who work there and those who work out. I accidentally left my tablet on one of the machines when I finished my workout.  I immediately called when I got home and the tablet was where I had left it. I doubt if this would have been the situation at any other sports club!"  and I am excited to shop for a wedding dress now! Thanks Andrew F. and 24 Hr fitness :)"  I just let the front desk know and they are very helpful.  I used to see so many ""out of order"" signs on the cardio equipment and I'm seeing less and less nowadays.  The bathrooms leave something to be desired.  There have been long-standing issues with backed up sinks and broken toilets in the women's restroom.  I've had my locker broken in to twice (once in Oct 2011 and once in May 2013) so now I just change at work and keep my bag with me rather than leaving it in a locker.  Management is aware of the theft problems  & everything else it could be cleaner.  Its in a very nice area of Phoenix so I'd expect the expectations to be a bit higher. The place for the most part seemed clean but they could've done better. The day I went was stuffy and warm  locker rooms are in a sever need of a remodel from 1986. Equipment is old and there are always 5-7 machines broke. Seriously What a cluster and a fiasco to get I to a class...people have old passes and different passes which mess up the number of people for the class. 3 of is tried to go to cycle class and didn't get a bike even with a pass and our name on the list. This is the worst location in the valley. I drove 10 mikes to get here...thanks for nothing you guys! I'm sticking to scottsdale. Just wish they had more options for cycle...  but unfortunately the facility ins constantly deteriorating at a faster rate than its being fixed.  With the constant new members  and the trainer Ryan is really helpful. I like that there's kids care for me and my husband. I like the classes for I sure would not wish to do any type of floor training on it" 2 fitness rooms for various courses. Not something I see much in California. This is a 2 story fitness center. Lower levels house the care center This review is for one of the trainers Ian S. I have been working with him once a week for a few months. I was nervous about having a trainer since I was still recovering from ACL surgery last year but Ian is very knowledgeable about sports injuries and has really accelerated my recovery process. His workouts are challenging and effective and he has really helped me tone up and increase my overall fitness level. Highly recommend!  encouragement and the appropriate amount of pushing me to the next level. Every session is different. One of the most important parts of training is to constantly improve and have fun doing it. That is certainly the case with Brian. I highly recommend this gym and Brian." 24 hr on camelback...equipment in very poor condition...rarely repaired...not worth it if u have a choice!  and of course no towel service.  The cardio equipment is old and most of the machines stick since the belts need replacing.  But I did sign up through Costco and it was cheap I love the 32nd street 24 hour fitness better than any other one I've been to because they have Rick Renzi as a personal trainer. This guy is hands down the best personal trainer out there!!! I've had a ton of personal trainers and fitness plans in my life but he's the guy that gives me the best results!  If you are here or in the area talk to him! He will take care of your fitness needs! I got passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it  but I'm happy at 24-Hour Fitness. Why mess with success?  I get my memberships renewed at Costco for $349.99 for two years.  I see my cousins as often as I want by planning a meeting Hated losing that four hundred dollars.   This life I guess  Probably the oldest 24 I've seen.  Still had the teal lining from years ago.  Walking into the men's locker room the sign is in neon red like in the 80s. The equipment is outdated but do have a few machines that I really like that never have used before.  The benches have a short support so it's kinda of weird reracking hoping it doesn't fall back down on you Very poorly maintained. In no way is this equipment state of the art...as claimed.  It's clear the BBB should reconsider!  Employees are late opening...really...it's a mess.  especially the membership advisers. Tell your friends to avoid them too. Just work out and then walk right by them." The most ratchet gym I have ever been too. Old and rusty machines. Dated interior. Not sure why people even come here  minimal variety of group exercise instructors. Bring ear plugs for the cycle class ( and I like loud music)!! No towels provided in the gym." The gym itself is pretty busy when I go and everyone is friendly. I always have a great workout."  showed us all of the personal trainer bios and made us feel great about our decision. It's because of him that we committed immediately. Unlimited child care  ask the question why you pay so much and on top of that have billing process regarding freezing at  24 Hour Fitness.  So they have my billing info so they start it back up with out even giving me the option  we checked out Planet Fitness and it is less than half the price with no contract and an awesome facility. That is where I am going!"  organized very well and generally friendly atmosphere. Les the general manager and the rest of the  staff at this location should be commended."  and it's clear it isn't cleaned very often. Kinda disgusting. And what's with the employee up front who is 100 pounds overweight? This is a health club to please corporate.   This location could care less about the health of their members."  etc. Pleasant surprise! It's a shame they'll be exiting the AZ market and that I'll be transitioned to LA Fitness." Love the studio and the family feeling of everyone there.  My daughter started ballett the first of the year and is having such a great time.  Thank you Regina and Jason for this wonderful studio.  Keep doing what you are doing!  and jazz from Regina.. They are some of the most friendly peeps I have had the pleasure of working with. They have a genuine passion for dance  gives this studio the hip vibe and technical knowledge that my daughter was craving. I would suggest to anyone to give this studio a try because you will not be disappointed."  no matter what the situation is. There is nothing listed in the paperwork that says you operate this way. I was accused of just not wanting to pay-how about I just didn't want to pay with THAT card? Money is not an issue. If I had the time I would take them to court just to prove my point." My kids have been taking dance classes at Encore for 2 years.  The classes are wonderful and the teachers are amazing!  They have grown not only as dancers but also as more confident children.  It is an amazing place! :) Regina and the staff are AWESOME!! Cassie is my daughter Agenda's dance instructor and she loves her ! Regina the owner is the sweetest. Highly Recommend!!  and even more so with Marissa.  Her class is extremely fun and an awesome workout all at the same time.  Don't take my word for it though Even if you just need active wear. Brick's boutique keeps up with all the latest trends. They have all styles  and the girl's huge bathrooms make it easy for my daughter to change into her leotard for classes. Dance classes are $70 for 1 class or they are currently doing a special where 2 classes are for $99. Will definitely be enrolling my daughter for next year as well." They have a new client special - $39 for a month of unlimited dance classes. It's a steal! I highly recommend taking advantage of it and stopping by Bricks!"  she has always had amazing teachers who are very interested and supportive of her.  Miss Mandy and her staff are also entirely focused on making the whole experience great for everyone...kids and families.  The studio is so cute Sabrina loves the mommy & me classes on Tues & Thursdays!!! Ms. Mila is great with the kids. With her warm and fun personality the kids always gravitate towards her!  and how much I wish I didn't live so far away....I would come here daily.  I just loved it!!!  I hope I can find a class near me just like this.  "My daughter and I are loving this place! So many class options and the teachers are great as well as engaged! No hefty enrollment fees "This dance studio has a great balance between teaching the techniques of dancing Ben in membership is great - go check it out and tell them Gabi sent you!" "I am with Gabi:) I have been a member here for 10 years.  This is a family gym with lots of activities for all ages The Village has a great feel and is If you're looking for a place to workout that is more than just a basic gym "I'll have to admit that when I learned of the $137 monthly dues I was a bit turned off.  I'm two days in on a guest pass and am completely convinced that at even 5 1/2 times more than LA Fitness  and if any of you yelpers are seriously thinking of joining and want some good karma  the word is gonna get out on this place.  Pretty soon we'll be waiting in line just like all the suckers at la fitness and 24hr.  Then what?  Besides $100 a month for a gym... thats just crazy talk.  Oh  i was invited by a friend and when i saw all the facilities i was very impressed. it is expensive but it is woth it." I think it's rather absurd that gym options in AZ are this or dumps like Bally's Obviously my massage therapist didn't show up until 9AM. That would be too bloody much to ask when one has a crippling back injury. Sure the massage was decent (not in price mind you). I just feel like my time and money are completely unappreciated and I absolutely will not return there. By the way I feel lucky to be able to work out at the Village. The yoga instructors are my favorite part about it - all or most of them are from At One Yoga. The equipment is state of the art & the facilities are very nice. Plus it has one of the best views in town of Camelback Mtn from the back patio/tennis courts! Village- I stay loyal and true to you!" I can't wait to go back and enjoy more classes.  You have got to stop in and enjoy this place.  This is place has earned the title health club.  It was absolutely amazing!"  tennis and there are loads of classes to take.  I like the zumba and the yoga...the food is nice and so is the pool.  There are always good looking people and it is pretty busy.  Overall one of the best places around to belong!"  and the men's changing room had an entertainment lunge with super comfy couches and a flat screen TV. I don't know that I'd pop a squat and watch the tube I left and now I am back after spending some time at LA fitness.  You get what you pay for.  I never should have left.   The place makes you want to stay and work out.  I never felt that at other gyms.  but what price do you put on your health & well-being?  For me?  Priceless."  even for someone who doesn't remotely consider herself a gym rat. Definitely take advantage of their free trial time to make sure it's the right fit for you "Don't let the comments on here fool you. I've been a member of this club for awhile and management of this club is only interesting in selling memberships. The people who run this club are the people on the basketball court. Let me explain. The club centers around the basketball court and everyone in the club is forced to hear the kids on the court yell They even have a lounge where after playing tennis for 2hrs. you can walk in & get a beer & order a decent meal..."  but little or no waiting for machines.  Classes are plentiful.  Great things for the kids." There are actually a lot of the amenities that I have not tried at the Village and would like to this year." Maybe I caught everyone on a bad day but I would suggest looking somewhere else unless you absolutely have to get your nails done um  healthy and you can definitely see that they enjoy being at The Village when they are there I have been going to this place since I was about 11 years old!  So that is about 15 years...crazy!! Just like Nadia said... The village really is a way of life and a lifestyle...Now it is not cheap to be a member...but that is up to each individual that is willing to pay the monthly fee.  I was a member before they did their huge renovation...there used to be a Garcias restaurant next door and that closed and they took over!  Their spa is beautiful...their restaurant and bar area is a nice place to grab a bite and enjoy a glass of wine...the locker rooms are beautiful and are very nice and clean!  They have so many classes and options for everyone! The trainers and instructors all have so much experience and they really know what they are doing...they have really set themselves apart from any other workout facility or gym...it is expensive but as long as you know what the costs are it is worth it...  you should also be able to feel gratitude and joyfulness wherever you practice.  So if you feel like some rock and roll yoga The downside for me was you have to walk past an open basketball court Definitely recommend the Village to anyone looking for a gym with many extras! It's worth the high price  The focus does not seem to be as much on quality as I would like for the money.   Some of the machines/ equipment are in need of an upgrade. Who wants to join 24 hour fitness ballys or any of the greasy chain gyms  equipment is gorgeous/new and it's relatively Centrally located in Phoenix. IMHO I think there are a couple of minor issues to this club but I think it's probably due to my lack of experience here and I need to adjust to this particular locations specifics. The cardio area can become very busy and you might have to wait for a machine because this location doesn't have as many machines as Gainey. The men's locker is gorgeous There are some people here who are in great shape. There are some people who are flat out awesome to chat with. The customer service is nice. I would club baby seals for some of the girls here to star opposite me in a romantic comedy.       However  it definately is not worth it in my opinion. From what I hear the poor quality is specific to this club. Other Villages in the valley are supposedly nice and a huge improvement from this place. They need to make some great improvements or I predict they are going to start losing several members." avoid this place like the plague.  you can find as nice/nicer gyms at 1/10th the price."  but whatever. I thought the layout was a little confusing as I had trouble finding the bathroom and there was no one around to offer me direction. However The Village has everything you could possibly desire in a gym. From tennis to yoga! The trainers are so knowledgeable and the group fitness class instructors are incredible.  The equipment is up to date and always available. This gym never disappoints. I have been to all the Village locations and they are all so great! Pilates with Julie rocks sR9lSQiTuBg8zsIw9Zd-Dg If you are looking for a top notch full service gym then this is it.  The amenities are great and the workout space is adequate.  The only knock that I have on the gym is the size of the weight room.  The cardio room has plenty of machines and the pickup basketball throughout the week is always fun.  and you can save a lot of dough going to LA fitness or another big box gym "Amanda's spin class is the best in the city!!! High energy advanced riders kind of class!!  If she wasn't there I don't think I would even be a member!!! Also "Great place for families The only thing I find frustrating is calling in to reserve space for Kinesis or Cycle.  Sometimes I call right at the start of the call in window and they are already full occupancy"  DON'T go here!  Absolutely NOTHING to do for kids under 14.  BORING!!!!!!  Basketball court is taken by adults.  Kids play area is sometimes used as a boot camp room.  It has no video games I had a manicure at village spa. Shirene Najm did a fab job. Well worth the $25. Ask for her! up 7.00. After a while I had to get to my workout classes earlier and earlier because parking got to be a pain. The weight room is crowded and had to wait to use weights and machines. The last year of my membership I was paying 145 a month  especially Thursday early and Sunday hour long class. Highly recommend the village even if you do not play tennis." The facilities are always clean and the staff is polite and professional.  This place is definitely worth the high monthly membership fees."  really thick head of hair followed by a pedicure with Rebecca. And did I mention that they give you WINE with you salon services!!!!  A little known fact - you DON'T have to be a member to use the spa or salon!  But membership has it's perks - you get 10% off!!" I think it's worth it and will continue to stay a member. Before I joined I read a review that said it's not just a club it's a lifestyle. I thought it was a pretty poxy review but now I have joined I understand what he meant and I completely agree."  and I've been going daily.  The steep price tag is worth every penny."  Tami is the best manicurist ever!!! I recently had a manicure and pedicure for a wedding I was in. I was a little worried that my manicure would chip before the big day because I am really hard on my hands. But lo and behold the polish not only looked beautiful for the wedding but still looked great 7 days later!!! That's amazing!!! And the pedicure sR9lSQiTuBg8zsIw9Zd-Dg I would recommend the DC Ranch Village. Much better!!!"  while a wise fitness and health restoring club it is not. Camelback Village promotes too much unhealthy practices and is simply not remotely worth it for those that have wisdom and understand what is going on. This place is especially scary for those with with impressionable minds like children and heavily western cultured adults and young adults. A place of this caliber should offer healthy The rest of the gym was absolutely packed. There were very few pieces of cardio equipment empty. I guess people in Phoenix have to get up early for workouts when they can't hid behind their coats all day like we do in Chicago." There is also an awesome bar overlooking the tennis courts...I could go on and on..." Have been members for over ten years. Great club and lots of classes and racquet sports too. The food service is decent and as a neighborhood club it is a great place to join. "I joined a few weeks ago and simply love it! The Pilates classes are so challenging- love them. Food- great! Pool-great! Cleanliness- cleanest gym I've ever been to! Can't give 5 stars because it's expensive  the basketball court which consumes the main body of the gym had to be redone twice (several weeks duration each time) forcing the fumes of sealant and dust to be unavoidable.  When the gym was fully flooded the drywall in areas was replaced but left to question if there were mold issues which they never addressed with the members to provide assurance.  The ladies gym jacuzzi does not seem to be maintained and is over chlorinated "I wish they would upgrade their cardio room. Their AV in cardio reminds me of a 1989 flashback. None of their treadmills have their own A/V... Even worse if you want audio you can read it closed caption because unless you download a ""radio"" app you are reading the audio on an old fashioned TV."  incredible facility and the food and spirits are better than you'd expect. Its a comfortable feel and although there are a number of notable celebrities and athletes "The family atmosphere rocks and it's a no brainer but three stars as the internet sucks. Don't even bother bringing a tablet to watch because the equipment has no updated tvs and such. No reception. Ridiculousness.   Cafe prices have gotten out of hand. What is happening here????  If lifetime fitness opened down the street "Why are there security cameras in the men's locker room shower area?  It's disconcerting to find this blatant level of privacy invasion.  Management simply responded by saying  and motivation was on point!! I'm super spoiled coming from canyon ranch and really hoping all the trainers and instructors are as impressive as her. My body was sore everywhere for next 3 days. She knows her stuff. I would wake up at the crack of dawn to do boot camp  we have experienced almost everything the Village offers. Free intros to almost every type of exercise Awesome club. Walked in and paid $20 for a day pass. Staff were friendly and welcoming. Outdoor pool great. Club clean. Highly recommend. Member since day one. State of art equipment. Great facility & mgmt generally ok. Great tennis facility & location. Just join & thank me later- you'll love it here!!!" Spinning.  Hardcore.  That about sums it up.  Give it a try if you want a workout that will totally kick your ass and leave you crying. This place might well be cited for disturbing the peace. On week-end mornings one can often hear the throbbing bass beat inside of other nearby businesses and even out in the parking lot.  The ambience reminds me of a low-rider with one of those souped-up stereos that you can feel coming down the road long before you can hear it. Seems like I've been front and center at punk rock shows that had less prominent bass lines than this place has on Sunday mornings.  but you really are missing out! If you like working out in a group without feeling like everyone is staring at you this is perfect because it's dark (with the exception of the occasional black light). Spinning at 360 is group exercise but like yoga it is individual with a sense of group support. It is drop saddle style This is active meditation; a totally elating Wow!!! I just took a spinning class from Ty and it was great! I had a knee replacement 10 years ago and have not been able to run since. I have done other cardio workouts but nothing compared to running. This class gave me that 'runner's high' I so enjoy. Ty is a sweetheart and very motivating. She uses a terrific mix of music too. As I tell my friends about Spin -- it's the one workout where you simply can't let yourself 'give up'....because once you clip your shoes in I'll finish out my month of Yoga classes next week and instead of signing up for another month... I'll find a different studio." I dont see how anyone can say a bad thing about this place I really appreciated the fact that Studio took my comments to heart.  This instructor was also slightly more fast paced  your legs moving and your heart beat way up. The yoga is in a separate part of the building and is very small space."  this is more PHYSICAL than I realized I could do.  The classes in the A.M. have the same poses and flows daily but it does NOT make it easier.  It increases my heart rate and has me pouring in sweat and sore the next day but it's not too much that it should scare off any other newbies like myself.  I'm absolutely addicted and really dig the instructors.  I will say I liked the studio the first week I went prior to the new decorating. Although the mural in the studio is lovely it just had a very modern and clean feeling before. I also liked it without the curtains.  Either way 6. It is fun and you'll be glad you came." I've been coming here for more than a year and would recommend it to anyone!"  I did my first class with at beginner and she was fine.  Just make sure you tell the front desk person that you are new and they will take great care of you!"  both types of classes are really reasonably priced compared to other local studios - not easy to find."  but most of them are if you are ready to work hard and have fun.  The instructors take song requests which I think is great because it motivates you to go to class if you know your request will be played and it makes the class even more enjoyable when you're jamming out.  I've been to other spin classes and have found nothing like Studio 360.  They ride drop saddle so there are is no sitting down on your seat except between songs for water breaks.  I've looked around at other fitness studios and this place offers the lowest rates for a great class.  Highly recommend." Thank you Studio 360." Best spin class I've ever taken. Been going here 3 years now and it just gets better!  but that's to be expected so it's really not a downside after all. I am a cheerleader for Spin 360. I back it."  it was the most fun I've had doing a workout. =)  Good job!"  but it is!  The music was really good and I had a lot of fun. The only thing I like better at corebalance was that you can wear your own tennis shoes and don't need to pay for special shoes."  that segment of the business ended a few months ago."  especially for a newbie but the instructor was good and it was a dark ride so I did not feel as awkward being new.  Every so often black lights turn on as the instructor amps the class up which is a fun touch.  The music is pretty decent as well.  I definitely got a workout in that is for sure.  The only thing I wasn't as much of a fan of was the fact that you have to clip in to the bikes.  They have shoes there for you to wear which is fine Spin cycling to great music with cool instructors in total darkness is awesome."  reliable (I've been to health clubs where the instructors don't always show up..not the case here!) Such a fun spinning class! I love how they keep the room dark and have the fans going during class. Also for someone who is 5 11 it's nice taking a class where the handle bars raise up high to protect your back during the workout! Will for sure be back next time I am in town!  instructor did not help the new students which is important when the spin class is NOT typical (I.e. standing the whole time She insulted me more than once and was mad when I didn't want to buy a $80 package instead of the $5 first ride. I don't care if there is a great deal Everyone is super encouraging and I will for sure be back - There was no instructor-led stretching at the end (vital!)"  they'd found my name. This time was just a few months later. This woman treated me like a grifter.  Said she'd 'do me a favor' and let me take the class this time but my fiance' would have to pay.  She continued to challenge me and I was ready to walk out.  I only stayed because again the instructor intervened but I will not be going back." Update: the owner contacted me to personally remedy my situation. She was beyond apologetic and eager to make things right which is exactly the kind of customer service a business should have. Changing my star rating.  Jeff and Darvis are totally open to hearing suggestions for programming."  and they are even offering Zumba now. I really enjoy the staff and the people I see every Mondays and Wednesday in Yoga.  It is a relaxed atmosphere where all are welcomed. Plus  and friendly.   Various types of yoga classes are offered including yoga Nidra.  You can't beat the price at four to six dollars a class.   The classes are interesting and great for beginners and intermediate yogi's.  I have been taking classes there for five months and am very happy with the experience."  Melissa and Lisa teach from the heart...with great precision...passion...and years of experience.  Kinesphere rocks!"  they made each of us (with varying degrees of experience and different fitness levels) comfortable. I will definitely be returning to Kinesphere and highly recommend it." But it wasn't enough to keep us away. It's all outdoors so in the summer it gets pretty miserable "I'm pretty sure this isn't a place anymore it is in a semi-sketchy area  is closed. Some of the nets remain in place but it's now what looks like a used car dealer." They also have massage therapists that are available by appointment."  go to Yoga Pura!  They rock!  (without making too much noise!)" Try it once. You never know. You might like it."  I'm glad to have discovered this sanctuary for the mind and spirit so close to home! I'll be back. (You don't have to be a member  I will not got back due to poor customer response.  I will not recommend this place to any of my friends."  and left me feeling centered and ready to go. Although I have been regularly attending classes where I live for going on 6 years 2IWCmtpNVvu1h0UEc4S5DQ  I will hopefully plan on dropping in again for more kick ass yoga classes in the future... especially if I happen to be on that side of town.  Call me a yoga whore if you'd like; I'm ok with it!  I do yoga at several studios around the Valley already  then your best option is AtoneYoga! Enough said." I'm proud to be the Yelp Duke of Yoga Pura." Keep up the great work  and the opportunity to take your yoga practice to a deeper level."  and respect the fact they come to class prepared with a clear intention that the class will follow.  Thanks for helping me stay grounded  comfortable and really focuses on the importance of self. Making sure to listen to one's own body (with gentle correction if something is truly off). Everyone there is very warm and friendly and I cannot wait to continue my classes at Yoga Pura! A true gem."  and friendly instructors. It is a great place to go to relax and get a good workout after work. They also have a great collection of yoga gear and books. Definitely worth checking out!" Although we have a regular yoga studio close to home this is the Best Yoga studio in North Phoenix!  Please check it out for regular classes or workshops.  You won't be disappointed." 3. They have 3 nice bathrooms but no showers.  Plan accordingly." Definitely the best place in the valley to practice...and the first class is free!" Some people move from yoga studio to yoga studio but to me this is home and Yoga Pura is where my heart is!" Another added bonus is they offer Yin Yoga! My body has been beaten up by 25 years of skateboarding But don't take my word for it...Test it out for yourself. They offer 3 free classes for newcomers. ENJOY!" Very authentic yoga. It's so nice to not just rush through different positions like some other studios. Feel such a connection here and leave class spiritually and physically refreshed. So happy this place is so close to my home. The studio is a little stinky though. Wish the rooms opened up to outside for airflow. Not sure what a solution is because people have allergies so can't just throw on some incense or essential oils. Worth it though. This does not ever stop me from coming and is really only an issue when going to a class late in the evening. "I started going to Yoga Pura when I bought the Groupon for one month of unlimited classes. I absolutely LOVE it so far. The instructors are kind and passionate "There are different reasons people are first drawn to a yoga studio and different reasons why they decide to return. I've visited many studios at times in my life when I needed a new energy Perfect for the beginner as well as the advanced. They have variety of classes and times. Love this place! I like that they don't have mirrors and loud music like some of the other yoga studios in town. It actually helps me focus on the poses and the exercise rather than my surroundings or worrying about how I might look." I think I will enjoy going here and look forward to being here in the future" I think I will enjoy going here and look forward to being here in the future"  and it would seem to me that pushing the hardest gear possible contradicts that philosophy.  There are plenty of other classes to take if that is what you prefer." Love the gym.. BUT heres the dealio.. dont just sell me a membership.. I still dont know where everything is.. heres why.. The staff NEVER .. nope.. NOT EVAH.. gave me a tour.. I had to ask another fitness girl where the ladies locker room was!.. Some of the ellipticals need replacing.. But the gym is cool.. So.. theres at least a 3.. staff.. hmmmm.. (no comment!) Nice gym the workout area is clean. Although not sure if I would use the sauna or the pool. For the money and the casual workout you can't beat this value. The Saturday yoga class with Patricia is the bomb though!!!!!" "I visited this location for the first time last week. It's cramped because its ""under construction"". Go to the PV Mall location its much better." "This location is being completely remodeled and should be amazing when finished in late July.  If they added WiFi and filters on the water fountains Awesome gym..best la fitness i have been to...they really remodeled it nice with all new cardio machines in the old la fitness & added onto it with free weights and more by adding additional sq ft..it you came here before..u really need to check it out now..much much nicer.  Only wish they were open past 8 on saturdays and sundays..they close at 10 on fridays which isnt so bad..and 12 on the other days. "Nice new equipment. Not a bunch of arrogant Scottsdale punks like at the Hayden/Indian Bend location. And better music at this location than there. Plenty of equipment even when crowded. Members are cordial. Love it. Glad I don't need a trainer though Major Upgrade to this gym! Why can't the other locations be like this?"  pretty packed might have some wait times for your equipment of choice." Parking can be a little rough during the crowded hours Facility (excluding the ""teen dreams"") - 4-5 stars"  I'd be happy to take it to court and get my money back for the months of them billing me after I initially tried closing the account. Found out later  avoid it like the plague and do not waste your money here.  If you have no other alternatives just please avoid their child care services..."  pretty much most everyone else you are putting your own safety at risk  The GM prides himself on telling people if they don't like something they just have the option to go somewhere else.  Not to bag on everyone there  I purposely worked with the manager when purchasing my membership to avoid such instances."  but this location suffers from the same problem that all LA Fitnesses tend to suffer from; way too many people.  I workout in the afternoon.  Around 3:00.  The weight training area is always slammed.  I don't even want to image what this place looks like from 5:00 to 7:00."  lots of equipment and good choice of classes."  or find an elliptical machine. The prices are super reasonable and the equipment is in good working order. They also offer tons of classes from Zumba to yoga. If you're looking to join a gym "Sometimes I feel like I'm here more than I'm at home so it surprised me that I hadn't actually reviewed this place yet.  It's one of the bigger LA Fitness gyms I've been to so even when it's busiest I don't typically have to wait too long (if at all) for anything.  There's a huge cardio room when you first walk in and then the weight training is a separate area down a hallway.  Everything is kept pretty clean and if something is broken the staff is good about fixing it pretty quickly.  The staff at the front desk varies  only 3 lanes and hot water. After only a few lengths and I'm sweating.  This morning the chemicals were so strong that it burned to breathe and so I had to get out.  Then on to the locker room where  then this is your place.  As for me I really hope to find a gym that is not like this." But now I'm done and free of that headache of a gym." Customer service could be better.  I don't expect everyone to remember my name but a simple head nod acknowledging my existence would be nice." I tried to do zero Stars but it wouldn't let me." It is now July 14th and I still have not seen a penny back of the past three months I have been overcharged. My whole family and many of my friends attend this gym and I will be sure to tell them about this experience because clearly the staff here cares only about if they are getting their money and nothing else. As soon as my contract is up I will look into personal training somewhere else and so will everyone in my family."  and the trainers don't care much because LA Fitness doesn't pay the trainers what they are worth.  The parking lot can get really crowded The sales reps they call personal trainers are pushy and rude. I was told by corporate they are able to sell individual training courses but according to the folks here they can only do the one year training membership...stop lying to your customers!!" Apparently this location goes by it's own rules which is it's downfall. I'm more than happy to drive to a further location than to go to this pos gym." Staff could be nicer and a tad bit just a tad bit more welcoming and helpful! It's not as packed as it I'm the evening if you come early am. Just get your workout done. Ladies locker room I like! "What a great gym! I was with 24 hour for the longest time. Thank goodness I made the switch. It is so clean in here. It's also the biggest one around since it's so new. The staff is very friendly and not overly pushy about sales. Of course they're gonna try. That's their job. They offer great classes This is a pretty good fitness center. The hours are good and the facility is clean. Much of the exercise/weight equipment machines are older generation with some not very modern at all. This club is however one of the better than average fitness outfits in Phoneix. I do enjoy going here.  he smiles and says he's the manager. My husband says he needs to give us the number for whoever is in charge of him and he resists giving us any info to contact his boss. Finally he handed us a phone number and we filed an official complaint. Unfortunately we live near Anthem and there aren't any other locations close to us or we would have relocated." This location is fine. It has what I need for lifting  just to name a few) are outdated compared to the previous LA Fitness that I came from. There's a lot of classes from yoga to cycling that this gym offers so finding a class shouldn't be difficult. Most people playing on the basketball court seem to think that they're play for the NBA championship and most patrons don't wipe down the equipment/machines after they're done. There's the many typical gym stereotypes to you find at any gym  therefore it is always crowded but never had any issues with getting on the machines I needed to use. I have not had issues with the gym at all. No issues with getting onto the machines Back to the gym the spin class is the best. Try Nick class 5:30am mon-tue"  plus there needs to be more air flow in the weight area.  All the elliptical machines need to be updated. The tv's do not work all the time and the volume needs to be checked out."  until I can go to greener pastures."  who I assume was his boss pulled him over and yelled at him about his sales quota...in front of me! I was horrified that someone would direct their employees in such a manner especially I'm front of potential customers and on the floor!!! That broad needs a reality check!"  this location seems to be the best they have to offer aside from the foolish hours of operation!" Avoid this place like the plague... and also know that YELP does in fact work with companies you review if the company has some clout and complains about a specific review.  Yelp will modify I understand contracts. I understand cancellation  policies. Long story short they didn't receive my mailed cancelation notice ( they wouldn't let me cancel in office for some reason that day). That's my fault I should not rely on someone else to do their job. So I canceled at the moon valley location in person. Plus I cancelled my credit card but they have some agreement with capital one that allowed them to access my new account ??!!  so I continued to pay for kids club/daycare  while I was not a member. The club is overpriced unless you need a pool or want  to pay too much for one on one training. Try fitness1 at 7th street and union hills. I pay yearly and including daycare/group fitness it is around $15 a month.  The more you pay for the gym isn't going to get you more in shape. As always LA fitness guys won't let you cancel it with the usual manager not there story. The girl in the front desk(jan 2nd 8:10 pm duty girl) is so rude. "After they refunded my over charges I feel like I should update my review to reflect their follow through. My main problem was with the billing so as far as a gym it's good points are multiple locations "Tell everyone you know.......do not EVER join LA Fitness because they will not let you quit. We have been trying to quit for 3 weeks and it is not possible. They are a bunch of liars. First And if you have the chance to take Patricia's yoga class Avoid this Gym if you take your kids there. They are not Safe!!!" It is incredibly disheartening to learn that they care so little for their members after  a $2000 financial investment  of personal training."  it's a mile further from me than this one but the staff are more attentive to their customers." I'll NEVER come back."  cheat and steal to get you to sign a contract. They then lie about being able to end the contract and even lie about the fact that there actually is no contract! They did this to a disabled combat veteran and now refuse to even speak to us. We came in and said that we didn't want to sign a contract due to the individual's injuries involved but wanted to attempt a fitness regimen until unable to continue. We were told that we HAD to sign a contract and the only way to cancel it would be to contact corporate. We called multiple times to cancel the supposed contract and were told it was too difficult but after a year the contract would expire. The membership was used only a handful of times before the individual's injuries left them unable to continue. A year passed and the individual was still charged continuously. After communication with this location It is helpful for them to care your child." Yoga class at 5:45PM on Friday evenings is great!  Donatella is an awesome instructor.  You will leave feeling like you just had a great workout! So many other options for gyms or places to just do drop in classes for $5. Thinking of saying bye to this place. Get good class teachers and keep them and get your class equipment working." I explained to him that my wife and I are shopping for gyms and he suggested I get a membership or pay $15 to workout there for ONE day. My friend showed up and told them he had been a member for 2 years and that my wife and I were considering getting memberships. The trainer came to tell me that ""this is a business."" Awesome ""business"" move turning down someone that can potentially bring in two new memberships. I will NEVER be a member after I see how your treat potential customers...so petty. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE. Thanks for making my gym selection easier."  and super-sets are out of the question. Unless you're a cardio bunny you'll be fine; treadmills and ellipticals are always open."  it's closest location to my work so that is why I go here. There are better cleaner LAs out there." "" I had a free pass at the front desk."" The General Manager asked to hear the message and to see texts they were sending me to buy a potential membership. The General Manager has no professionalism and is clearly not qualified in being a good manager. Stay away from here they use underhanded techniques to get people to become members." "My step/sculpt instructor told us this morning that we were making her sad because we didn't count down the reps loud enough. I thought it was her job to get us psyched up Idk about the other reviews but I like this club compared to the other fitness clubs. My son who is less than 3 years old looks forward to the child care center they offer for only $15 a month. Everyone there pretty much minds they're own business and that's what people should expect going into a gym. All-in-all I like club. I was for the not happy with that experience."  not all the treadmills work and they don't have built in fans I've been a member of this gym for years and no  matter how many times I asked they will not bring in enough 45 pound plates.  it's like going on an Easter egg hunt just to find a few plates to do a workout  for whatever reason it's not the easiest thing to get out of. Once I got passed that part Wasn't a problem the day before. I'm a new member and forgot my key fob. Girls up front are a joke."  just don't go Monday morning. The clubs usually open until midnight so that's awesome." It's not fancy and there's no pizza here but it's a great value if you just like to workout!"  but I have enjoyed my experience at this particular LA fitness. Staff are friendly and helpful with signing up. I did a personal training session with R.D. Who was excellent. He is highly motivating and encouraging  that does not help when the place becomes over run with peeps. Then none of the equipment is available and being there is completely unproductive. Underhanded sales techniques are also quite obnoxious. My membership is now expiring. I will be going elsewhere. There are multiple other options in this area."  overpriced and can definitely be packed to the point where parking is a hassle and waiting to use certain equipment when needed." Only downfall is that I wish there were better ways for us to clean the machines. I  sweat like a waterfall and I try to do my best to clean b4 and after but It never feels clean because the paper towel drys so quick." "I have been a member at this particular location for almost 10 years but I'm getting very irritated by their staff and I'm about to leave. The front desk girls are beyond rude. I hate dealing with them. Sales people and managers.....oh god  definitely will never recommend that Gym to family or friends "This is a good place to bring the little ones to see if they're interested. The instructors are gentle and helpful with all of the kids. They have an introductory special that gives the student a chance to try it out before committing. Apparently you can work all the way up to a black belt Thank you for changing my life!  and feel that I have made good friends with both the instructors and fellow students!"  and the Zumba instructor is great!!! Keeps everybody on point during the session! I highly recommend!"  visually unappealing and has the worst customer service. I did sign up and I love the one I go to now...but this one I will never step foot in again" Overall I enjoy the gym and think the equipment is suitable." This place is all about revenue and not really about helping you so be pretty independent." "I enrolled my 2 year old son and 4 year old daughter into Hubbard. They've completed 2 swim lessons each and the results are dramatic. They have made huge strives in their water skills. Plus The teacher was really nice and great with little ones. They have several locations across the valley and are faily priced at $70/week."  but also teaches my husband and me how to take what he learns and apply it at home in the tub or even in the pool. The staff makes it fun with games and songs and the parents learn the right words to prepare babies to hold their breath when going under water. I think swim lessons are a must for kids here in AZ since almost everyone has a pool. And it's so great to see their progress!"  I would recommend this place.  It is not perfect but it is the best swim school we have been to." When i had my daughter we went to hubbard before she turned 6 months old for free!  For the under 6 month crowd it's purely water acclimation - you won't be getting any amazing techniques Watching all the older kids that have been going there for years reinforces the strong bond that the staff have with the kids. The kids all love going there and they love the instructors. It's a fun and safe environment!" I came here after a bad experience at a previous school (Gold Medal Swim School). My attitude about swim schools has totally changed. This place is great! Thank you!!  especially because kids this young are pretty fickle and some classes they just don't want to cooperate.  Several of the other parents in the older (paid) classes highly recommend the school and their child's progress.  Maybe I'm just being frugal because I've been assured by other parents that the classes are a good value for the money."  and flexibility in scheduling makes it the premier Valley swim school." Thank you Hubbard for being so GREAT!"  but after a short time my little one was floating on her back and pulling herself out of the pool unassisted. These skills are priceless and make the slight lack of organization at the school and over crowded lobby completely tolerable."  and locker room space is WOEFULLY inadequate.  It's a bit of a nightmare getting two kids showered and dressed after lessons.  My kids are always cold  my 5 year old is a much better swimmer than I am Some of the kids in class were already putting their heads under the water... pretty impressive!  I look forward to seeing baby's progress in the pool in the weeks an dmonths to come.  Water safety is so important in Arizona  but Hubbard Swim has made this a stress-free process.  Even switching swim class days/times has been a positive experience What a great place! The little girl I watch has went from being afraid to get her eyes wet to swimmimg on her own in no time! The instructors are so great. They went at her pace until she was ready.  5 stars. They deserve it." The environment is positive and buzzing with excitement."  baby splash class at 3 months old. The free class is available to babies 6 months & under is great for getting your child acclimated to & comfortable in the swimming pool. Our daughter is now almost 20 months old & just moved into the Lil Snappers Advanced class. She can climb out of the pool on her own "Highly recommend Hubbard Swim School on 32nd St.  Otto is the best instructor.  My daughter has been going since she was 7 months (now 2 yrs old) and she loves the water.  Every month she gets better and she loves putting on her swim suit to go to class. We now have her baby brother on the wait list and will start him soon. If you are looking for swim classes for your child  are all professional and friendly. The place is clean and has a great snack bar and play area besides. We decided to start coming here year round Excited to go back next week!" My two boys have grown up with Hubbard being a weekly part of their life for 5 years. They have had great instructors who have helped build them into great swimmers and great athletes. Our family loves Hubbard swim! We have a baby and toddler in classes. It's not survival style but our kids have learned to enjoy the water and can go under without being scared.  loves her teacher and is getting stronger." "This is a good swim school but it seems like it takes forever for the kids to learn how to swim. Teachers were nice but it was too slow. We pulled my 2 year old out because she was trying to climb the pool fence and I didn't feel like she was learning basic survival skills fast enough. They charge $72 monthly so it doesn't benefit them to push kids through the program quickly. I know kids who have been in it for 4 years I booked the entire month and they are very flexible with their schedule here." AWESOME. We had a great experience. My kids loved it here. Due to geographic concerns i swithed to Aqua tots and it was a horrible experience. Lesson learned. we will  make the extra drive and are back at Hubbard.  Hubbard is a worthwhile investment - not just for swim lessons but also as a fun thing to look forward to every week!" Victoria is already going underwater at 8 months old. We look forward to every class every week!!!"  and I'd love it if my daughter could start learning the actual fundamentals of swimming (at least for safety) I'm so entirely impressed with this school. The staff and office is so helpful and friendly. They accommodate for schedules and busy brainless parent mistakes. The instructors have all be great and perfectly gracious on my son. We love swimming and playing here! The play area is a bonus!  attentive and helpful. Mutual friends recommended this place so my 8 year old could learn how to swim. But she is learning so much more. Worth every penny. They have a play area for the kids. A snack bar where they make a great cup of coffee My son loves this place he has really liked all of his instructors.  He has been coming here since he was 1 and he is now 4 and we couldnt be more satisfied with the progress he is achieving.  We don't have a pool and with just 1 lesson a week he is learning so fast.  They have it down to a science here. Great place - clean and wonderful instructors. Website to reschedule swim lessons isn't so user friendly and sometimes the front desk is hard to get ahold of - otherwise I highly recommend! I should also add that the lessons from 8 weeks to 6 months are free!  No excuse for not going!"  and already knows how to swim on her own at age 3!  Very friendly staff from the front desk to the instructors.  I had a great experience with management as well after a schedule mix up."   we stayed in the Thunderbird location for the sole purpose of her instructor that she adored (Cass).  We made the agreement to move her to the Phoenix location when she would move up to next level and have to have a different instructor.  Let's fast forward to when she finally graduated to next level (no longer swimming with my husband or I and will only be swimming with aid of her instructor).  We knew the transition would be difficult and we certainly anticipated a great amount of crying (and boy were we right).  The staff at the North Phoenix location made the experience a million times easier not just for our daughter but for us as well.  The manager came over to speak to us about the process and ease us as she was wailing loud enough that you can probably hear her two stores down (she be but little but she is fierce).  We informed the manager we had anticipated her reaction but felt badly for her classmates as we did not want to short them from their class.  As we said this to manager we see another staff instructor walk over to her class to assist with other students so she and the teacher (Angelica  Arizona Sunrays is a great place to bring your kids.  I also love their Parents Night Out and $5 Sunday open gym!" Just took my 2 yr old daughter this morning for her very first dance class. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating (bringing out tap shoes for us to try since it was our first visit) and my daughter had a blast!  We're both excited to go back next week. ;) "My daughters went here for yet another trial class - Tumbling and pre-k gymnastics.   The facility had a cramped waiting area but free wi-fi (yay!).  My daughter's beginning tumbling class were co-ed and had mostly pre-teen/teen girls which my daughter was not normally used to. Nevertheless Jumping Genie (?) is the gymnastic instructor and makes it fast paced. It took some adjustment for my boy to get used to Classes - engaging for the kids!" I went to Sunrays for close to 6 years and every year was more and more enjoyable! The coaches are top quality and are fun and love to what they do! The facility is as clean as a gym could be and it is a great place for kids to learn both a new sport as well as other skills helpful for coordination and balance.  and no one is returning my messages. We wanted to sign our child up after hearing such good things."  I couldn't get back to pick them up until the end of the afternoon program) they were so kind and accommodating and made my children feel loved and well taken care of until I could get back to collect them. If my kids had to be stranded somewhere this would definitely be their first choice of where to get stuck!" Thank you crew for being an amazingly talented and gifted group of thoughtful and experienced gymnasts.  Esther loves her gymnastics classes and collectively your organization has assisted in the development of my four year olds' talent for the sport. Teacher Kim and staff thank you!  And thank you for finding a gym in Ventura County for us!  as well as currently attending. Everyone here has a great positive energy  and don't seem to care whether they turn away new clients or customers because they are more interested in money.  Gold Metal Gymnastics in Chandler  swim and karate all at the same place? My daughter has been coming here for a few years and loves it. This year I decided to take my son who is autistic for the first time and I am so glad I did! This staff is amazing with kids who are special needs! They have been very accommodating "This review is for anyone considering transferring or having their daughter move into the gymnastics team.  We joined this gym after we moved to town and had heard good things about their gymnastics program. This is only the case if your daughter has been going to this gym since she was little.  If you are an outsider "Words could never express just how wonderful Arizona Sunrays is. They have literately changed our kids lives. Both of our kids were born with hypotonia and you would never know it. Thanks to the amazing staff "I started my daughter here at 4yrs old after attending another gymnastics organization in town. I immediately saw a difference in the teaching of skills. They also put her on the ""developmental"" track which I really didn't know the difference of at the time. My daughter showed early talent Everyone is so nice and they are really patient. My almost two year old is learning so many great skills. He loves the baby dance class and tumble tots is a blessing when you're trying to teach structure. The open gym is an inexpensive and fun way to beat the heat and it's better than going to the park! I love this place!  and this is by far the most developmentally appropriate facility for children in sports that I have found. Both of my children absolutely love their classes. What an awesome place!"  is very enthusiastic and you can tell she really cares about instilling good form while building the fundamentals of gymnastics in her students. I highly recommend this school for kids 2 years and above!" "Great place for every age group. Experienced coaches 