GREAT Stuff from Great Dealers !" "It's a flea market.  Nothing more; nothing less.  It's old crap that no one should need unless you are a hoarder.  There are plenty of free flea markets and yard sales that are free.  This misadventure cost me $20 in admission fees.  What a waste.  It's $10 a head.  Finally  and a bar which was a plus in my husband's eyes when I dragged him along." A great place to spend a weekend and the staff is super friendly. Did not find many super deals as many things were priced high but we enjoyed looking around The dealers are so knowledgeable and helpful! We always find some great stuff. We just recently purchased vintage blue glass BALL jars from the 1950's for a DIY project.  so come prepared with comfortable shoes. If you're in the market for random old stuff The Manger Joy Shiver was very nice and easy to work with. She runs a tight ship! The regular vendors as well as new vendors welcome   new and improved changes. With better options and lower booth prices. The Expo is more obtainable for small and less experienced vendors. The food Trucks and many other new addition to Metrolina have been wonderful. As the new year approaches I only see good things to come. Come early and take your time to see what treasures you can find. This is definitely a Buyer Vendor friendly atmosphere! Cons- Line to get in was outrageous- some people waited 2-4 HOURS just to get inside.  Lack of food vendors equaled LONG LONG lines at the stands they did have." Getting in the venue seemed to work well; plenty of volunteers & staff showing you were to go.  Getting out wasn't so easy. All those volunteers & staff were no where to be found.  Therefore  bathrooms were well-stocked and concession food was pretty tasty. We had a great time and so happy that they scheduled the same weekend as the Bead Show!"  there was some security. Anyone carrying an openly displayed firearm had it inspected and secured. Signs were posted prohibiting loaded firearms It is what it is. Good venue the gun show we attended. Nothing flashy.  none of the vendors had soda fountains they served bottled soda in cups for $4-$6? You can just get the souvenir cup for $6 and refill for $3? I took a cool helicopter ride and monster truck ride. Kids liked the escape artist show by lady Houdini.....you get the idea. Pretty cool carnival games and rides! Also a cool drown the clown who harassed and antagonized people to pay $10 to dunk him in a tank of water. Also a mechanical bull ride for $10!! The challenge was males ride for more then 8 seconds wins $100; females 7 seconds! My wife did 5.2 seconds!! DAMN!" Thankfully and most importantly there is a small bar between a few of the metal buildings that actually serves beer and mixed drinks.  That's a nice break to have given the size and how long it actually takes to take in all the different buildings and weather permitting the outdoor areas." They did have a free petting zoo and horse ride was eight dollars." 