 I will probably go elsewhere for a flower order next time."  and they charged me $35. I won't call here again."  but the owner was very gracious about creating an arrangement for me. The flowers were lovely. I would make a special trip just to purchase from this shop again." I will not order from this place again." Cyril did my sister's wedding and now is working on things for my brother's wedding.  He is wonderful to work with.  Helpful in every way.  My sister's flowers were stunning. I have received 2 beautiful bouquets from here recently as a gift from my boyfriend. Both of them were gorgeous and lasted a long time! imM-x_nAxVtYGVFJJ4FS3Q  and also sell knickknack-type gifts if you need a last-minute present for grandma.  The staff is welcoming without hovering too much.  The prices are comparable to the grocery store florists  and willing to make your desires work in your price range.  My sister says the arrangements have been lovely and lasting.  I highly recommend patronizing this business."  and much more. There is even an antique store on the lower level of their shop.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They have regular open house events for the holiday season.  Very comfortable environment." Thank you Fred Dietz Florist" "Graduation time called for a special bouquet of flowers for my lovely daughter so I called Fred Dietz in Bellvue because I've had positive prior purchases in the past.  The gal who answered the phone had TOP NOTCH customer service skills with the order.  When I pick up the bouquet Elizabeth from The Botanical Emporium did my wedding flowers and they were absolutely beautiful! They were so easy to work with and made me feel completely at ease. My flowers were everything I ever wanted and more. When I saw my bouquet it actually brought tears to my eyes! The greenhouse is amazing!  I very highly recomend the Botanical Emporium for all of your floral needs. "I hired Elizabeth to do the wedding centerpieces for my wedding.  The flowers and prices were great.  You can beat her price "I forgot to send my mother something for Mother's Day this year (whoops!) so I called up Botanical Emporium at 10:45 that morning to see if they could accommodate my needs and sure enough they took my order! I was so pleased with the arrangement thy sent her...""exotic flowers that permeated the whole house!"" She sent me a photo of the bouquet and sure enough they were very lovely. Super accommodating and such a tasteful display...I would definitely deal with this business again!"  but I guess that comes with a unique shop! I will absolutely be back to pick up items for people and consider them for any events I have coming up." I used to live in the area and would always patronize and recommend this business.  However with the last experience I will have to rethink that. My aunt and uncle ordered a gift basket for my grandmother for her birthday. When it was delivered it looked beautiful.  However once opened not so much.  Inside it was filled with....Dollar General brand goods. When I stopped down to tell them the owner and another worker told me what do you expect. If it was a busy season we would have gotten stuff from the strip. So moral of the tale. If you want to pay a whole lot of money for stuff from the Dollar Store you know where to go. To make it even more special the owner will provide a blank stare and a warm welcoming attitude that clearly shows she does not care. If I ever have the need to be purchasing flowers in the Pittsburgh area again I called on short notice to order flowers for a funeral - they created beautiful arrangements; their service was excellent and their hours of operation were perfect for making sure all got done smoothly. "Lovely floral arrangements for every occasion.  Her boutonnieres and corsages are lovely and inexpensive - she must have made dozens for me and my friends during high school.  You cannot beat the service here.  When students at the elementary school up the street come in wanting flowers for their teachers  the flowers were still perky and the arrangement was spectacular.  Couldn't have been happier and will recommend it to everyone I know." "The best bouquet of flowers I have purchased in years. The store was closed but the door was unlocked and the owner gave me a warm getting and created a great arrangement. I love that they do not sell pre arrangements  bye"" in a mean tone!... and in front of my 17 year old daughter who was actually shocked by the florist's behavior. Are you kidding me?!?! I had pre-ordered a presentation bouquet a few days prior for my 12 year old who was performing the lead role in the Nutcracker that Sunday... one dozen esperanza roses at $4 each. I went to Blooming Dahlia because I wanted something extra special for the bouquet that would be presented to her onstage during the bows.  Though the bouquet was not ready when my older daughter and I stopped by the store in between Saturday performances Best florist in Pittsburgh . I love the beautiful work they do and have been using them for over a decade. They always go above and beyond with there service and work. I placed an order for sunflowers for a client. They did a wonderful job and the presentation was great! The price was also very affordable. I would definitely use them again! Sent a flower arrangement to that special someone. I have used this florist before but this time I had a special request. They handled everything perfectly !! The only slight problem is the location of their business. Might be a bit hard to find if you don't know the area. Its hidden from the road Don't order from this shop if you want a timely delivery. They haven't delivered on a paid service and make it impossible to contact them." These people do a great job! Friendly! Helpful!"  I went with her to Jim Ludwig's a few weeks before her wedding to go over the final order for the flowers.  We sat down and Jim pulled out a list of what they had discussed.  I very clearly remember her confirming dahlias and peonies for the centerpieces.  Not only do I know that she wanted these flowers from the moment of her engagement  and by my lights a fair price. I would use Blumengarten again." To say that these guys go above and beyond is an understatement.  My daughter was recently hospitalized and her boyfriend sent flowers.  Unfortunately they were delivered to the hospital the day my daughter was discharged (a good thing that she go out early!!).  Jim from Blumengarten called me from the hospital - which was a good 25 minutes away and offered to meet me halfway to ensure the flowers were delivered.  He told me he would meet me in about 30 minutes.  We both pulled into the parking lot at the exact same time and my daughter received her flowers.  I know who I am ordering flowers from next time I need them!!  Thanks again!! "I chose them because they answered the phone after 5. I was originally going to use a nearer florist. The worker I dealt with was incredibly helpful. As I did not have an exact address to give him  cheery flowers!!!!  I got a picture of them sent to me and couldn't have been more happy with what was delivered."  2012 and the flowers were gorgeous!  My bridal bouquet was so beautiful and fragrant that it made me cry!  What I especially loved was that Jim and Linda Ludwig personally delivered the flowers to the venue.  Jim pinned the boutonniere on my husband and personally handed me my bouquet.  Such excellent customer service is rare these days and I highly recommend this business." The contact has been fast and very friendly. I'll recommend and would consider them again."  but got there with a few minutes left until closing time and in a rush to deliver them myself. Bob made me a beautiful arrangement at a reasonable price very quickly. I am going to go here for all my future flower needs!" "We worked with Sherry at Jim Ludwig's for our wedding flowers in June 2013. They did a truly wonderful job. The flowers were stunning. Sherry was great to work with  you've gained a new a customer."  and getting it delivered when it is needed. Our most recent order was a few days ago for a funeral viewing and it was very nice as always.  Great people  and when one of the employees (I believe Tim?) found out I had taken the bus and walked a distance to get the flowers and that he was about to go to a meeting near where I lived  and they always do a great job - we can just tell them what we'd like to spend and they make suggestions and deliver the flowers promptly and looking great." I ordered a deluxe bouquet but the initial arrangement was lackluster and not at all what I thought a deluxe flower arrangement should be (my aunt sent a pic).  I immediately sent an email requesting they send a different arrangement. Jim who I just used Ludwig's for the arrangements for my son's rehearsal dinner.  I live out of state so dealt with them by email and phone.  They were extremely easy to deal with and worked hard to transform my vision.  They had to custom order the color calla lilies that I picked and made sure that they got the exact color I had requested.  The arrangements were perfect.  Beautifully done and delivered to the venue on time.  We could not have been happier.  Highly recommend them.  they delivered and made sure to stay until everything was right. The flowers lasted a long time and were just what we wanted. And- they were quite reasonable! Just perfect!!"  the price was affordable and the flowers were delivered on time. My mother-in-law was happy. I am only rating them three stars because there really was no arrangement per se. She received a bunch of flowers in a vase. No creativity Her flowers were beautiful and the attention to a customers wish has exceeded my expectations.  I highly recommend using this florist"  and the bouquet was delivered the same day! Not to mention it was absolutely stunning -- I selected the 'Glory of the Garden' (designer's choice) with a few notes on my friend's floral preferences  and she got discharged the morning they were ordered to come.  I called last minute the morning of delivery to cancel and Sherry was very kind and understanding and canceled the order and assured me the money would be refunded and even gave me the option to have it shipped to a florist closer to my friends home which I declined.  Can't rate the flowers but the customer service is absolutely amazing." You won't go wrong with this Florist." Overall was a frustrating and disappointing customer experience for me at what was already a difficult time for me and my family." One star is for same day delivery." Ordered flowers from here arrived to find them looking beautiful however asked for a price quote   follow up for my wedding and never received any additional communication.  Upset that no one took the time to follow up on a potential sale so I went elsewhere and ordered flowers for my wedding. Wonderful charming service.  I was a walk-in customer - did not pre-order any custom arrangements. jnzSNWoOjBityIjb0tZRSg I had Jim to help me with my bridal bouquet. I sent them the pic of bouquet that i wanted and it turned out to be perfect. It looks exactly what i wanted. Very reasonable cost also. Highly recommended. "I always order from Blumengarten to celebrate a joyous occasion or to mourn the loss of a loved one. Their service is impeccable - I've had issues with funeral homes We used Blumengarten for our Wedding flowers and the Bridal Bouquet was absolutely gorgeous and made exactly as requested!! The corsages boutonnieres were lovely as well. We would definitely recommend them to others. I just ordered flowers this morning for someone in the hospital and they arrived by the afternoon.   I so appreciate the friendly and quick service.   The flowers I'm told are absolutely gorgeous!   I did not know of Jim Ludwig's before today but found them when looking on-line for flower shops that deliver to local PGH hospitals.   I will definitely use them again.  Thanks for the great service and beautiful flowers! I highly recommend them for all of your flower needs!"  and they made it for me in less than 5 minutes. Super friendly and excellent customer service. The bouquet I got was beautiful. Better yet-- it's local! Thanks everyone for your help. I will definitely be referring others to your store."  but these flowers were sort of duds."  it is wedding season - no big deal. But don't be shady about it and try to swap out something without talking to your customer who is standing right there.  Don't treat me like I am stupid and can't see what is going on." Give this place a look :)" What a wonderful respite from the rush and noise of the Strip....a quiet oasis. Thanks  Anthropologie-feeling store filled with dried flowers -- and that would be Roxanne's! I love wandering through this beautifully filled and merchandised space. They carry dried flowers  and a great variety of live plants inside and out. You can also find lovely home decor in the form of side tables and such. On that note Awesome little home decor shop in Pittsburg.  We stumbled upon this place while exploring the city.  I posted some pictures for you to check out.  They have a great selection even though it's not a massive store.  People are friendly and well trained to help you find whatever you are looking for. "J'adore this store!!!  So beautiful and filled with many inspiration pieces. Very much on the pricey side  and I get them all at Roxanne's.  They have a good assortment of plants and the people who work there are very friendly and helpful." A few other items you'll find at this business: wreaths  wooden boxes. A fun place to window shop or browse. Very helpful staff and just an interesting little shop. I looked through the store four times before finding the wreath I wanted."  what are you waiting for?! Go there and make sure you hit this place up too!" roxanne's is a must stop-in whenever in the strip :)" "Walked into Roxanne's which was full of beautiful and inspiring arrangements only to be caught off guard at how rude the owner was. Was going to purchase a few items  gorgeous hanging baskets... really beautiful and relaxing. My mom and I wandered around smelling the flowers and admiring all of the plants. One thing to know and prepare for would be their very high prices.. There were many hanging baskets that were over $100 each. The one item I saw that was pretty reasonably priced and I considered purchasing was a bouquet of dried lavender  I found a store akin to an English garden. With fresh smells whimsical gifts nestled between fresh and preserved arrangements Gorgeous things and apparently they ship too! Can't wait to get my flowers and planters home!  she brought down numerous samples and I was able to choose the exact roses and other items that would be in my order. It was a busy afternoon doesn't get any better than this!"  I'd highly recommend Mt. Lebanon Floral!  (my bouquets centerpieces were faith roses with cream hydrangea)" From the comments on here it seems like they have great service for big events  and blue flowers and it was huge. Not at all like the pictures we gave. The bridesmaids bouquets were also the wrong colors (again not at all matching anything else in our wedding) The flowers for the cake were also blue and pink (nowhere in our wedding did we have any blue or pink) and they barely gave us enough to even cover the top layer of the cake. The vases they provided for too much money could have easily been purchased at the dollar store and the had burlap wrapped around them. Nowhere in our pictures or consultation did we mention burlap (our wedding wasn't even close to a barn.) I can't even imagine how they would have screwed up if we had them do more. Very disappointed. Save your money." Carmel is seriously the best. I've never seen such creativity & workmanship when it comes to floral design. Love this shop!! Always goes out of their way to make things extra special! "This was a horrible experience. I ordered flowers on Wednesday (on line) for delivery on Thursday. I received a confirmation email. When I checked with the re-cypionate on Thursday evening no flowers have been delivered. I made numerous calls to the Mount Lebanon floral shop My girlfriend and I love coming in here just to see the flowers  it's a nice little shop owned by a couple of nice guys in the heart of Shadyside that's good to stop in when you're in the neighborhood. The ambience here is the highlight  Toadflax! You've got my business for sure." Ig74RHJuf1DbDmJNWQ-HpQ Staff is not overly friendly and there have been times that I've walked in and haven't been acknowledged. In this day and age when wealthy people tend to be unassuming  it's plain stupid to be rude because it puts people off and costs you sales. My visit today I was greeted by a couple of friendly associates who were really helpful." I love this place simply because they have an incredibly curated selection. Toadflax sells the most wonderful little luxuries from popular brands like Kiehl's and Diptyque and also one-of-a-kind items. It's the perfect place to buy a gift. The employees are busy but helpful.  but their flowers are most beautiful I've ever seen -- they look unreal. Very much a boutique-y feel were you can get other household knick-knacks. Definitely a place to treat yo self (or someone else!)."  this shop has a delightfully well curated collection of books and soaps and various accessories. I'm so happy that I dropped in here for a quick stop with my friend this summer. This is a great place to shop for a gift for that impossible-to-buy-for friend or family member or for a housewarming gift."  he was extremely rude to me. I happened to be in there when the store was closing (I had been in there maybe 5 minutes) and he turns to me and tells me that the 'store is closing and it's time to go home now.' At first I thought he was joking but he was completely serious and quickly walked away from me. Like I've said in my other posts I love supporting small independent businesses but I don't appreciate being treated disrespectfully. A little kindness and friendliness goes a long way  I brush off. I brushed off two in this tale alone. But I'm old enough to know when an establishment is giving me the whole ""If you have to ask I really like this area just since they've a really curated choice. Toadflax sells the most amazing small extravagances from popular brands like Kiehl's and Diptyque and additionally one of a kind things. It is an ideal spot to get a present. The workers are active but helpful. fo550qkhxS5jSui74oX29g BUYERS BEWARE!!!! I guess he thought I would not see then!!"  I have called from a long distance to this local florist and have always been given the best attention and service. Ron knows it's important to pay attention to the details and get it right the first time. My family and friends who live in the Shadyside area know Ron is the go to florist. Call and talk because you will be happy you did !"  I explain the scenario again to her and she states she has to do an investigation before she is able to credit my card back and she will contact the ""flower room"" at the hospital and see who got the flowers and get back to me. She asks me if I got a confirmation receipt via email.. I promptly tell her she didn't ask for mine nor does she at this point. I don't hear from her this date and I called back and left a message on her business' answering machine at 4:30. Fast forward to today 2 23 "Southern Blossom was wonderful! They were so communicative and timely with everything. I ordered a small arrangement of flowers for a relative to celebrate the delivery of her first baby.  Southern Blossom called me to let me know that they had sold out of the type of bouquet I had ordered but asked if I would be alright with them creating a larger bouquet of other flower types.  I said of course!  Not too long after  but the arrangement should not suffer because of this. I was told that to rectify the issue they would have to come bother my mother in law in the hospital to retrieve the delivered arrangement. I requested they send one more similar to the one I paid for. Not sure if this was fixed or not. I really don't want to bother my mother in law about the status of her flowers when she is recovering from surgery.  The florist did not follow up with me make sure the new arrangement (if it was even delivered) was okay." I ordered 2 floral arrangements for my son's wedding rehearsal dinner and we were very pleased with the results.  The flowers were gorgeous and lasted several days after so we could enjoy them even after the event.  Giovy and her team made beautiful arrangements and was everything I expected. She sent some sample photos which allowed me to better indicate what I wanted. I recommend this florist.  they always exceed my mom's expectations.) Better service and quality than national chains.  Offers a variety of flowers for every event holiday."  and they were beautiful. Everyone who's seen their arrangements has been absolutely blown away - and the flowers last for ages (my great-aunt raves about them). It gives me tremendous peace of mind  but they did a fantastic job and all with a smile on! Sardha does fantastic work; the next time I need flowers arranged I'm definitely heading down Independence to the Flower Hut! Their prices are far more reasonable than other Charlotte florists that are located in trendy neighborhoods. Trust me Best roses ever! And the boyfriend had them just make a nice arrangement and of course it was beautiful. They should  be ashamed that they destroyed my daughter's pride of giving her MOM a loving gift."  not the sad looking smaller version of what she received. I asked for a refund of the original order that was far from what was advanced.  Unfortunately they failed to give good service and did not keep his work of exchanging the arrangement. Instead he shamefully  and they need to have someone cranking out beautiful arrangements that you can't find anywhere else in that area.  If they did that  especially since she gave them my phone number and instructions to leave the flowers with my apartment office if I wasn't at home.  Unfortunately Let it fold so another small business can have the spot and contribute to the community."  the building where they once occupied has been torn down."  but Cindy assured me that she could go them for me with the vision I had in mind. I really appreciate what she did ""no"" and proceeded to leave without anyone thanking me for coming in and the 3 women chatting were oblivious to my presence. I am appalled by the lack of customer service and rude interaction I received. My wedding flowers will NOT be purchased from here and I suggest you reconsider if you hear otherwise. I have spent 20+ years in customer service and worked as a florist "Called trying to get info to put together some arrangements.  Woman seemed really uninterested in trying to help me find what I was looking for  just beautiful. The boutinnieres she made were no less than perfect. She delivered exactly what I asked for and the artistry of all the flowers was beyond anything I could ever have imagined. I live near Pineville and even though the shop is located in University area I will continue to use them for any of my flowers needs. The quality of work was superior."  Gallery of Flowers is my exclusive flower provider in the Charlotte area." The customer service is awesome as well. I spoke with a gentleman and I didn't get his name  when I got home. I was floundering between 4 & 5 Stars  because the vase wasn't the silver cylindrical vase I was hoping for (I guess Joel was expert in guiding me through options for our wedding flowers. We didn't have an unlimited budget so I needed to find something affordable and beautiful. He put together gorgeous arrangements and worked to maximize decorations to help save us money. Debbie was very easy to order from and they were able to deliver on time with no problems.  She helped me style a flower arrangement and it turned out really pretty.  I would use them again when I need flowers. Joel was a calming breath of fresh air as I planned my mother's funeral.  I told him what the family had in mind.  He showed me some of his work and pictures to make sure he had the vision of what the family wanted. Joel put together a wonder arrangement for her casket and a heart shaped spray of flowers to match. It was beautiful. I would recommend Joel and Flowers Plus.  And I will use them again. I've used this company a couple times now and I'm very impressed on the efficiency of ordering as well as the selection.  They always get the order right and offer different sizes of each arrangement depending on your budget.  Very cool!  It's good to know there's a 'go-to' florist right uptown for me (and my girlfriend) :)  she loved it. It was so beautiful. They made it so much more than what I had hoped for.  I will remember Flowers Plus in the future.  The person I worked with really cared about our special event and worked hard to meet and exceed my expectations. Seriously  we had inadvertently misspelled the persons name.  We called early the next morning and was able to get it right before person received the flowers."  Joel and Debbie are knowledgable and most helpful!! I especially love walking by the shop during the day to see all of the beautiful creations waiting to be delivered to some lucky recipient! I never go anywhere else for the freshest flowers and plants!! Keep up the excellent work Flowers Plus!!"  said it was the most beautiful Christmas arrangement she had ever seen. They also wrote out -- in handwriting -- the message I had asked them to impart. She is very happy. She says the container is gorgeous as well. I certainly appreciate the personal attention." Flowers were amazing. My fiance loved them and Debbie from Flower Plus was very helpful in explaining and making sure that I got the best deal and arrangement possible. I would most definitely be using Flower Plus again. Good job guys. Five stars is not enough :-) "Flowers Plus should be everyone's go-to florist!  The flower choices are endless and the arrangements are always so full and more than expected!  I have used Flowers Plus for several events and Joel & staff are aways so friendly and accommodating.  Joel  is always in tune with interpreting exactly what you want "Check out all of the Excellent reviews which are not displayed - click on Filtered Reviews at the bottom of the reviews shown. Flowers Plus is hands down the best florist in Charlotte I would definitely use them again; just wish they were in my home town!  Thanks Maureen!"  but they had them! And a fresh bundle at that! The price was completely reasonable. The lady I spoke with offered to let me pay over the phone to reserve mine  lilies and gerbera daisies from California. Not quite a United Nations of flowers but an exceptional assortment. The little blue orchids they used I've been a customer of Flowers Plus for over a year and couldn't be happier with the service and quality. The staff (Debbie) is amazing and I wish I could post pictures... They are truly beautiful. Over 24 individual unique arrangements -NEVER ONCE disappointed. "This hidden gem inside the over-street mall  is awesome. I walked in early afternoon just to buy a ""pick-me-up"" flower for my desk I was feeling a bit down. Joel promptly asked me what I was looking for and we went over the prices for just two flowers in a small vase. I picked 2 Gerber Daises and he put together a beautiful arrangement with those two flowers that would have cost way more than what I paid. Great customer service  soft and beautiful with tulips and hydrangeas so my friend could look on something beautiful through her pain.  I wasn't able to visit to see them myself since she was moved to another unit but was told by her family that ""they are so gorgeous!!!"" and that ""she absolutely loved them!"" Thank you so much for bringing some comfort and joy to my friend. I am deeply grateful!" Very good people. They totally see the value in the heart felt sentiment that goes into flowers and are passionate about providing that service. "I ordered an arrangement for a friend with cancer at CMC main. I didn't get to see them but the family said they were stunning and gorgeous and that my friend loved them. The lady who took my order listened when I described my friend and said she had no flowers in the hospital.  Debbie (I think) said she would put a special touch to the arrangement and since my friend liked to garden "I called Flowers Plus after seeing their 20% off promotion on first time orders. The owner didn't know what I was talking about couldn't find the promotion  I was out of town the day I was supposed to receive them.  They arranged a brand new bouquet for me to be delivered when I got back.   The flowers were gorgeous!!!  I've had them for 6 days now and they are still going strong." Nothing pretensious here -- a very tiny but very capable neighborhood flower shop. The owner was a delight and very helpful. This was my first visit but most certainly won't be my last. QXpD1bSjcp-nuXm9MHMoKA  was impressed with the boquet since it was prepared in 5 mins But SERVICE is what really makes Rose Cottage stand out. They called me within minutes I my order to let me know that I had just missed the 2pm cut-off for same day local delivery. All the regular drivers were already out on deliveries. I assured the person that the recipient was at home and that the next day wouldn't work "I live in the Bay Area and wanted to send some (very last minute) flowers to a loved one in Madison for her birthday. I ordered the flowers online really late the night before and there were no glitches or issues. They were very reasonably priced in comparison to other florists in the Madison area and they had FREE delivery! Though the flowers weren't quite what was displayed on the site "Mortified. ordered flowers described on website...paid hundred bucks... They delivered dead wilted bouquet to Cancer unit ... Every nurse  I called a couple hours later to inquire about it. The woman said that she couldn't get a hold of the driver and she would call me back. She never called back. Flowers were thankfully delivered and the recipient loved them :) the bouquet was a little smaller than I imagined it would be  Romni arrived on time and the delivery arrived as planned. She even went the extra mile and helped decorate the church and our wedding cake "My parents sent me a beautiful fruit basket and ""plant""from here. Really no complaints other than I have no idea what type of plant I was sent. The plant was not labeled and the section titled ""care instructions"" is blank" L83dOubt-Q-eQviITaPcjA  and created a list of flowers both wild in her own gardens and that she could get from other local vendors to help me reach the vision I wanted at the budget I wanted. The flowers turned out to be beautiful and Terri was a pleasure to work with. I would highly recommend her"  attractive people shop there and they have classical piped over the speakers.  Feels like shopping in some alternate America where everybody is hot and milk is one dollar more expensive." My favorite grocery in Madison and THE go to place when I need to cook a good meal. Although it is more expensive than Woodman's but you actually enjoy browsing through the isles in Sentry and that deserve 5 star. They have a strong meat and seafood section without charging as much premium as those standalone butcher or seafood specialty store  because it has the selection of Whole Foods but also carries Heinz Ketchup and Kraft Macaroni and Cheese. (However their selection of perishables and ethnic food does NOT beat Woodmans.)   When I was required to make gift baskets for various people "I grew up with this as my neighborhood grocery store so it's got a space in my heart.  I never gave it much thought  it doesn't have the feel of a neighborhood grocer but the quality and selection are terrific."  and I have to say that Sentry finally captured my heart. I love this place. Ok What is it about the holidays that turns people into complete assholes?"  this store is pricier than others but you do indeed get what you pay for. The Metcalfes also give back more to the community that all the rest of the grocery retailers combined!  This is a good hearted family running an excellent local grocery store." There is a huge selection of prepared foods and even an espresso bar.  You can tell that alot of thought and money went into the recent remodel of the store."  let me know and I will come back and re-evaluate you again." "I love how fresh their produce is. Everything is very organized and easy to find. The music they play is relaxing and the employees and very helpful/well informed. Their prices vary  but for what I come for it's pretty good.  The only comparable places in Madison are Whole Foods  I will give Metcalfe's their 5th star."  the great looking fruit and Oberweis milk (I miss their Illinois stores with delicious ice cream too). It's really not that expensive and I can get everything all in one place. I was worried given the caliber of grocery stores I've found but this is the real deal. The people were nice and I'll be coming back again soon!" One Sunday they had over 40 free sample stations! Might be a regular thing?"  too. I'm sure the booze and meats and cheeses are probably great but after seeing what they charge for fairly basic products I am not sure why anyone would go here when WF is 100 percent natural and costs less." We love the rest of the store though Metcalfe's you're a sign of the times."  but the quality presented is well worth it. They offer catering as well and have a giant deli-type selection. Plus  I like this place a lot.  I just wish their prices were a bit lower.  But I'm willing to pay the premium for the better experience than other stores in town." "One of the coolest grocery stores I've ever seen. Between a variety of self-service bars and posting how many food miles the items are Looks nice but you will pay for it. Way to expensive for what you get. No worries many options to choose from near by. They scream about being local but they really dont partner with local businesses. Save a bunch by just crossing the parking lot or even the street. Just look both ways first. Aside from the some higher prices the only thing that I really can say bad about this place is that the parking lot is a mess if you come when it is busy - but that might have to do more with the mall and Target than the actual grocery store."  the appetizers from Metcalfe's were delicious. But the service was ridiculous." Whole Foods ain't got nothing on Metcalfe's (leave my double negative alone)." "I think this is one of the best grocery stores in Madison but you have to watch your wallet at the check out.  I was there today and bought organic lemons for .99 cents.  A lot for one lemon I don't do all my shopping here since the items did to be a bit more on the expensive side  as I probably wouldn't have gone hunting for vintage lace for my bouquet handle without prompting.  It made a lovely addition.  I can't recommend her work more highly  I know ... but whatever) and very sturdy.  I use those for my small wastepaper baskets - they look and hold up better than anything I paid Hefty for..." I absolutely LOVE Metcalfe's.... I mean come on... who doesn't love low Grocery costs and TONS of samples! The people who work here are incredible and are always really helpful when trying to find something. It's a grocery store so I can't say too much but I always love coming here for some reason to get groceries.  and Christine's Gourmet Toffee. Sweet Monkees cookies and Eastside Ovens vegan cookies (chocolate chip/peanut butter chocolate chip heyoo) all from Milwaukee. Shopping local never tasted so suhhhhweeeeeet!"  I keep coming back and actually look forward to going grocery shopping!"  Metcalfe's!!  A great experience and I look forward to ordering again soon."  and too crowded. I plan my trips for the middle of the day in the hopes to avoid too many people. It is the only bad part about shopping there."  we love this store and do all our food shopping here do to the high quality food and the great staff especially Marvin! Thanks for doing a great job!" "I would agree that Metclafe's is best for speciality foods and arrangements that you aren't going to find elsewhere. For me the shining star in this category would have to be their fantastic selection of cheeses. They offer every kind imaginable  but it was great for late night purchases. After all the stuff involving the owner and Brat Fest I'll probably never shop here again."  which a hit at the picnic! I'd say that Metcalfe's would be the place to stop after work to pick up groceries if you are too lazy or too tired to cook for the night because you could always make a pit-stop by the deli/hot foods/salad bar before exiting!" I WILL NEVER GO THERE  AGAIN NEVER"  and their excellent selection of fresh produce. Oh! And their to-go sushi is actually very good! I have never had a problem with their quality!"  or having something in their case that doesn't appear to have been caught in the last 12 hours. I make a commitment to always visit this location when I'm in the mood for fresh seafood & produce!" "WOW!!  My boyfriend and I LOVE this place.  It is a treat for us.  We get lost in the cheese section for way too long.  The fresh fish As far at Grocery Stores go Metcalfes is not the most affordable. I do not do my regular shopping her for that reason. But that date night when you want to get good ingredients- This place. That weird ingredient a recipe call for- this place. Food for company- this place! Great quality produce- this place. Local favorites ( green bush It's also handy to run in to the store whilst shopping at Hilldale." It doesn't take a lot to realize they are more on the upscale end. Your everyday items are going to cost more than the nearby target and copps. For someone with the spending ability for healthier options  other patrons in the store seem to think they own the isles and aren't considerate of their fellow shoppers. The ONLY reason I stop back in from time to time is the convenient location  and liquor section has really good breath and is competitively priced. While the liquor section is only available until 9PM  who doesn't love being asked ""Paper or Plastic?"""  I always missed my Metcalfe's. The produce selection is infinitely better when compared with Copps and the service is much better as well. I love to go to all their promotions: Salsa tasting  well stocked and a great value.  If I need something special or fancy I go to Costco or HYVEE.  Just because they claim that they have so many local products  and the classical music piped overhead is a heavy-handed touch that I find oddly relaxing. Perhaps someday I'll find myself spending more time among the brand names."  it still feels like it's former self (Sentry Foods).  Call me spoiled but I enjoy the new grocery experience that HyVee and others deliver.  More products.  More services.  More choices." We have shopped here about once a week for the past 12 years. Great staff and great selection of local goods; it's the practically the only place we shop. The one other thing I really like that I almost forgot was their support of local farmers/ingredients. Some of the items say how far they traveled to get to the store which is pretty cool." A superior market.  This review is about the AWESOME CHICKEN POT PIE SOUP I bought and took to the coffee shop to enjoy this past Saturday before shopping.  Hearty; perfect flavor; a variety of ingredients..peas; diced potatoes; tender chunks of white meat chicken; some interesting herbs..?  I think Metcalfe's is ONE BIG FIVE STAR WONDERLAND! "I live in Scranton PA and called to order a basket for a dear friend who had just lost his dad. They were amazingly accommodating and took care of everything immediately  which they later changed to midnight."  and fresh sushi.  It's all delicious." Only four stars because I haven't had a chance to visit the storefront yet."  they also stylishly put the card inside the wrapped basket itself and put up with my phone calls asking if everything was going according to plan.  They also added the flowers as a last-minute request and didn't overcharge me for it . . . overall great people to work with!!" "Called direct to the flower shop after picking an arrangement that was listed on their website. Person was very professional who took my order. They were able to deliver the same day too! My Mother-in-law was very happy - she sent a picture of what we order- flowers looked fresh  the flowers which had already been paid for were very different (much much smaller bouquet) than what I was told I'd be getting  old flowers.  Tons of swearing and screaming coming from the back room "We had Felly's do our sons bar mitzvah flowers including baseball themed centerpieces. everything was absolutely beautiful and Romni the manager was incredibly helpful with ideas and execution and basically held our hand every step of the way which made the whole experience fun and easy for us "Helped tremendously by friendly staff especially Pam who helped me make decisions for family who lives out of state for my Uncle's funeral flowers. Very fair pricing and quality work. Seems like a cheery place to work. Also have beautiful Casapri cards/wrapping A good place for groceries if you're willing to make a second trip to Schnucks or Meijer for produce."  and will recognize you if you are a regular. Their booze section is pretty good with a decent selection and fair prices  both the bacon and the packages of soup were on sale. That seems like quite a coincidence. Does County Market know these things are expired and do they put these expired items on sale knowingly because they do not want to pay for the loss themselves and want to then put it onto their shoppers?" Sign up for max card mall which is a card that earns points toward gift cards. You can also select online coupons to load to your card from the website."  taking advantage of people in the neighborhood who don't have a car to drive to Schnucks or Meijer.  I bought two items.  Both were overpriced to begin with and wound up ringing up for even higher amounts at the register.   I won't be back anytime soon." Similar to Dominicks' stores around Chicago.  Will cost more than the competition  but they have a ridiculous booze policy: they card everybody you are with "Schnuck's store brands are mostly inferior to the major brands. One would  think they would have an Aldi mentality and demand the best from their manufacturers. They don't watch the expiration dates on many products Food and produce are on the pricey side. But the produce is fresh and the sushi bar is superb for supermarket standard. "I went on a busy day. The aisles are too small. The bakery was extremely small for it being a schnucks. I did like their selection of yogurts. Everyone was over there when I was trying to look for some yogurt. Prices are a bit high to my dismay  the deli meat and cheese selection is only about half of what I'd like to see."  as there is often no rhyme or reason to it.  Things that should logically be together are in different rows. The flavored creamer selection is wanting (I have an addicition to the stuff).  Staff is usually friendly and helpful.  My biggest complaint about the place is that items disappear from the shelves.  Things I bought for weeks or months on end suddenly are no longer stocked.  Frustrating.  This goes for items in the deli My only complaint in regards to the donuts would be that they rarely have any bavarian cream donuts available.  So if the bakery manager is reading this  specially when it comes to packaged food. There are enough options to choose and there're chances that you fine some stuff on sale. So far it's one of the best places I've gone for groceries in Urbana. 1st time customer too very fresh food. and the self checkout is good since the machine is sensitive.  the strawberry I bought is very good and cheap.  but also very difficult to work with.  She didn't like any of my ideas and just didn't seem to want to work with me to find a solution if my ideas weren't going to work.  She was rude and short with me at times.  For the final consultation Used them for my wedding. Brittany was perfect and patient with me being a picky indecisive bride. When I was able to view my flowers the day before I got teary eyed. Everything came out well. My colors matched perfectly (even my dream lavender roses!!!) and her suggestions for accents were perfect (esp since I had no clue how to pick flowers)   and was so specific on the type of look I wanted for this Bday arrangement. Had a very tight window time frame for delivery and everything was right on time. Most importantly.. When my sister sent me a pic of what the flowers looked like great experience with Theresa on the phone. very helpful getting a wedding bouquet to dearest friends from 2000 miles away.  and brought it to life! She also put together beautiful table settings filled with hydrangeas. I recommend this florist for weddings as they were timely with delivery  they had already stopped delivering when I ordered.  They called me back and arranged to have them delivered anyway!! Awesome customer service! Made my day  then the wilting began.  No luck with calling for any help in complaint.  Ownership doesn't seem to care.  Will go elsewhere next time." made a last minute order and within hours it was delivered! i live out of state and have never ordered with blossom basket before but i am glad i did! thank you so much for the beautiful flowers to my mother and excellent customer service! :) Brittany understood exactly what I had envisioned for my wedding flowers and exceeded our expectations.   The flowers were gorgeous!!  The service was impeccable.  they were extremely friendly and created beautiful bouquets and arrangements I was so proud to have at our wedding." Blossom Basket is my first stop for all of my floral needs and wants.  The staff is friendly and the quality of the product is exquisite.  The wedding coordinator even remembers me every time I go in from my wedding four years ago.  I also appreciate their involvement in the community by providing free flowers for 'Good Neighbor' Day and their partnership with the C-U One-to-One Mentor appreciation days! "Each year I order birthday flowers for a friend who lives in Champaign (I live out-of-state.)  I have always received helpful Thank you Blossom Basket for a job well done!"  their talent and skills and their customer service. They even sent me pictures by email of the flowers and balloons before delivery.   I highly recommend them and won't use anyone else in Champaign!!!" "Blossom Basket are timely and efficient.  When I call them with an order "Blossom Basket Florist makes beautiful flower arrangements.  I see a lot of them because I work in a hospital.  Sometimes the families leave the flowers for the staff to enjoy  delivery is fast and the flowers are beautiful.  You definitely get your money's worth with her large beautiful arrangements.  Once April was out of a certain vase for what my husband ordered April's is my go-to place for flowers." "Thank you April's Florist for the beautiful arrangement you delivered on time and described as the most beautiful arrangement at my Uncles Service.  Although I'm in Southern CA and the service was in Urbana April's has consistently delivered great arrangements and smiles! Highly recommended and will visit again!  the price was definitely worth the product my wife received when I had them delivered to her workplace. She said they were the best floral arrangement she had ever gotten. She sent me a picture and I expected less than what you see online. But they looked EXACTLY like the online advertisement. I will never use another florist in Champaign/Normal  friendly service and was shown a number of options at varying price points. Picked out an adorable succulent with pretty pink flowers for under $15 before tax. Was in and out in under 10 minutes." I got my flowers and boy were they beautiful and super fresh! They lasted me for well over a week and a half with water and adequate sunlight."  especially from out of town or to someone who is out of the house during the day (most people) go to April's Florist."  and she was quick to allow me the exchange (especially since the azalea was about twice the price).  Considering the flowers I got were VERY well received "I got *great* customer service here. Phyllis made me a beautiful arrangement  they were open but there was literally nothing in their refrigerator displays. They were putting all items into boxes and the lady there said they were going to close for the week. Nothing on their window I had someone order me flowers and was surprised at how terrible they looked when I received them. Of course I had to get online to see what they thought they were ordering and how much they paid. Wow. I could get better flowers at the grocery store. Very disappointing considering their job is flowers and the flowers they have are terrible. The arrangement was all wonky and out of proportion as well.  so you know the photo is representative of the fullness of the arrangement you are ordering. Also the flowers are listed so you know what you are getting. I believe in ordering from a local florist  W-Sat. Closed Sunday and Tuesday." -R6Vfo22FX33o64OLq6Ktg this shop is closed.  don't bother the nice man that now has the number ;)  we found Conroy's. they were able to get us absolutely perfect flowers overnight. The colors were fabulous and the flowers were in the freshest condition possible. Their customer service went above and beyond to make sure we had what we needed for a perfect wedding. And  I had no idea where to start as I was just 'browsing' to collect ideas.  The staff couldn't have been more helpful!  I decided to enquirer about options and pricing "I had a bad experience with a local florist and needed to find flowers fast.  I called 5 florists asking for help and none of them could get my flowers til the next week.  I took a chance and called Conroy's (not even sure if they sold to the public....which luckily they do) for help.  Within minutes a very kind employee named Steve solved all my problems.  Not only did they have the flowers but they rushed to get them boxed and on ice so my husband could run in during his lunch break to pick them up.  My husband was in and out in minutes!  When he got home from work (5 hours later)  I asked for a last minute ribbon to be added and the cheerfully obliged.  Conroy's Florist made a very difficult situation so much better  quality was great.  We ran in the same day and picked up 50 roses I highly recommend Cactus Flower.  I will use them again."  which is kinda pricey (only smaller arrangements with a handful of short stem flowers in a short vase are $35)" 72INqF4dYTHdCoUoePIuSw Thank you Cactus Flowers!" "Booo for the worst online florist I have ever used and I've used a lot based on the deisgns they have available. I picked a great contemporary bouquet for a friend's 30th birthday (Saturday) only to be told none of the florists in the state (Indiana) had the flowers I wanted. Then was told I'd have to wait until they could source the flowers from somewhere in the state. When I said  they would be late we went with an alternative I ordered flowers for two friends. When I spoke to the designer about the size he was more then helpful with exchanging some of the flowers to create a bigger bouquet. It's almost two weeks later and my friend said they still look beautiful just as when they arrived. Both friends said they were lovely. I will use them again. Moral of this story:  Do not use Cactus Flowers.  I will return to using Pro Flowers as I have never had any issues with them." I couldn't be happier!  My son forgot to pick up his prom date's corsage and not only did they call me to tell me he hadn't shown up yet (they were getting ready to close for the day) but they stayed open until he got there to pick it up. It was beautiful and looked just like the picture we ordered it from. Thanks Cactus Flowers!  I will spread the word about your awesome customer service! I used Cactus Flower Florists for my wedding...I could not believe my eyes when I saw everything come together. AMAZING!!!  I worked with Corrina (all brides should request her)- she was wonderful.  I didn't know what I wanted- just that I wanted something really beautiful.  She completely read my mind (I'm long distance too)- she nailed it!  Thank you sooooo much for making my wedding the most beautiful wedding ever!!  for a bosses' day arraignment at a far better price than what I am used to paying. My boss has gotten compliments by everyone who walks past her office. the flowers are still vibrant and fragrant. I'm glad I walked over from AJ's to compare. I even got a free rose when checking in on Yelp  and took my business elsewhere."  but this was the first on-line order. service was exceptional. ordered at 0800 they delivered at 1330.  they made my wife happier than i thought was possible..thanks Cactus for making ME look good" So to some it all up CACTUS FLOWER FLORIST is a sham and you should not waste your money here!"  Cactus Flowers for cleaning up a different florist's mess! I ordered flowers from FTD.com and TWICE they were delivered half dead! After 2 complaints to FTD.com Great service and convenient to order online. My order was delivered the very next morning by 10am and a beautiful bouquet (autumn harvest) arrived in mint condition!  were received at 1pm.  Couldnt ask for better service."  fast delivery. That's what I need and that's what I got. Thank you." On time & the flowers are fresh & beautiful!  lopsided bouquet with no roses and no Peruvian lilies.  It looks like they took a mish-mash of leftover flowers "This is the 3rd order from the same location. All three setups were beautiful but this last one slightly missed the mark. it was a 50th B-day and I asked for ""5"" deep red roses to be surrounded by Many bright colors.. What was received was ""8"" Deep red roses and a Beautiful color arrangement. I contacted the store and told them I was unhappy. They immediatly decided to drop the shipping costs and replace them but that just didn't seem enough. The recipient didn't want to give up her flowers. SO a discount was applied to the order that both I and the Company agreed with. I am willing to use them again." 72INqF4dYTHdCoUoePIuSw  fresh and fragrant and last longer than those purchased elsewhere.  The staff really knows their stuff and is always helpful and friendly." "Cactus Flower was awesome! There website is user friendly and there were no hiccups or concerns. Delivery was a little late in the afternoon I ordered a premium bouquet from them through TeleFlora. Was initially disappointed because it was not what I paid for. They replaced it with a super bouquet without hassles the next day. I was very pleased at their customer service. Love no hassle... and flowers were worth the money spent.   Definitely a good deal!  Will now use them for Phoenix every time!"  on top of it and super sweet. Go here! They ROCK!!" I ordered a terrarium for my daughter who is attending College in Phoenix. It was delivered the same day and my daughter loves it!  they are bound to be superb! Thank you Leslie! Great customer care still exists!"  but it didn't fit for the table. One call to the shop and they delivered a replacement bouquet which was spectacular. Great customer service experience."  friendly and knowledgable staff. Prices are well below the chain florists here in Central Phoenix and I always like to help the small business owner "This place is excellent. The staff is very helpful and sweet. The prices are very reasonable. I love the fact that you can pick and choose what flowers you want in your arrangement from the walk-in and they charge just by the flower... kinda like AJ's but less expensive. Or "I was looking for a local florist shop that could create bouquets without following the traditional catalogue style. The owner Shelli did an amazing job helping me out and being patient with my requests. I actually went a few times myself and the drive isn't easy from where I am in Scottsdale but worth it. The bouquet turned out great. They made it definitely unique and many compliments were given. I therefore got to feel like I not only helped in creating it but that the staff was receptive to my requests and helpful in giving suggestions They have a huge selection of containers (vases "This is my go to place for flowers to be delivered.  The service is always wonderful and the arrangements beautiful.  When I call they always put together ""something"" that is quite impressive.  I have had flowers from here as well as other florists and the flowers from Community Florist are always fresh and last a long time." I did catch her making a really cool looking arrangement as well. I rather wish I had had the foresight to come in earlier and order what I needed imSAkSzL5X1rUc3Z1ZMYeA This place is fantastic! Beautiful arrangements. Cheerful employees that will do anything to help you. Great delivery service too. "I love Community Florist!  I use them to get bimonthly flowers to decorate my salon and I also used them for my wedding.  They worked with my budget and I couldn't believe how many flower arrangements I got for what I spent. I was also able to make payments which really helped.  My bridal bouquet was absolutely stunning and matched my personality and accented my dress.  Their prices are amazing as well and they can work with any budget.  Over the last year I have purchased arrangements to celebrate birthdays It was definitely a positive experience use them again. Thank you so much for all your help Annie."  I knew there were several details that could make or break the experience.  I'm so glad it went as well as I could have imagined "Ordered the ""Be Happy Bouquet"" today and it looks great! Thank you Shelly for being so accommodating and quick with the order for my boyfriend! He was pleasantly surprised! It was a spur of the moment idea to get the flowers and I was concerned he wouldn't get them the same day since he had the next day off  and I have to say for the quite reasonable cost sent one of the most beautiful displays I've seen from any florist." Way to stand behind your product!" "I ordered a bouquet of pink flowers for a co-worker who was recently diagnosed with breast cancer.  My only request was that the bouquet be pink  and Community took the order. Their delivery structure sucks. Wouldn't help get the flowers earlier to me as I was leaving work early. Finally got the bouquet and my boyfriend saw them and said it was not what he ordered! Called to find out what happened  a similar situation came about and without any questions asked Cactus Flowers delivered a new arrangement.  We will not be shopping at McDonald again  but not ones that act like you should be thankful for doing business with them c3BCBElZ1C1gIJFQg6Hu1w  both with relatively confused looks. I had no idea what was going on. It seemed like none of them had ever worked there before! One person actually offered to take off the tag (with price along with other instructions) then talked to the other to ask if they needed the tag. Turns out that their credit card system was down - figures - and I was asked to sign a printout despite choosing to pay as debit. They then advised me to check and call if there were any problems  but helped us at a difficult time.  The cost of the floral arrangements was very competitive and allowed us to go up in what we wanted to send.  All that we needed to get done was done in a timely manor with very good service.  We were told by dear friends and relatives that the flowers were beautiful ..the guy was getting in his car.. as I was opening the door HE had the nerve to roll his eyes and act in annoyance! maybe this company needs to figure out a more beneficial delivery strategy or don't hire psychotic drivers. ..Although HE was ""successful"" in making his delivery..I will never recommend this company to delivery. .stick to in store pick up...nice flowers and a fussy baby..thanks a lot"  while keeping the costs very reasonable. When the church we got married at wouldn't let the flower girls throw petals as we had planned "I'm very pleased with this florist. I just ordered same-day delivery of flowers to be delivered in downtown Phoenix for my sister's birthday. The flowers are fresh and beautiful! Furthermore  and all have been excellent! She has a true talent for floral design. Great containers to choose from "i was just as unhappy as these other brides!!! unbelievably expensive and very misleading the way they explain things!! i paid $300 and wound up with only 14 of my original flowers and most of those were replaced with artificial. where the heck is the rest of my flowers??? she must have used them for some of the overpriced arrangements she retails.  also a $45 design fee charge to pin it to a piece of styrofoam I am so happy with my shadow memory box!! Thank you!!!!! : I had a wonderful experience! Staff was very friendly and my bouquet is beautiful! I ended up also using my leftover flowers to make an ornament for a Christmas gift!  they allow you to bring your own (we were not aware of this). Bringing our own case could have saved us a few hundred dollars!"  but so be it... I'm told the arrangement was colorful and beautiful... and of course it was a nice surprise for my friend upon her arrival.  I'll go direct next time for sure though - there is nothing like a personal touch - especially with flowers!" Kelly provided wonderful service over the phone.  The flowers were customized and came out perfect.  I will use them in the future.  she made some suggestions for the arrangement and scheduled the delivery for the same day. I didn't see the arrangement but I did get a call from my friend a few hours later thanking me for the ""gorgeous floral arrangement"". I will definitely use Garden of England again if I ever need so send flowers in the Phoenix area again and I highly recommend this florist." Phoenix Flower Shop did a stellar job on our bridal flowers. Every item looked just  as I had described to the florist and we were even able to pick up a few loose stems at the last minute. Excellent! I did it all by phone. Described what I was looking for a voila-they were delivered in less than two hours."  I ordered Valentine's Day flowers.  It was one of the few times that I actually ordered several days before the big event.  I scheduled them to arrive at my fiance's place of employment on Thursday the day before Valentine's Day.   Thursday night my Honey arrived home from work with nothing but smiles.  I noticed "I'm not sure which location the arrangement came from but a beautiful bouquet was delivered to my parents house while I was there from the nicest man!! he said he was sorry for out loss and even made mention of a ""grampa"" bein a ""big loss"" which made me smile. then as he gave me a little hug he prayed a quick prayer and said his family would keep our family in their thoughts and prayers. I thought it was the nicest thing ever and so personal!!! thank u whoever u are!! and the bouquet that came from my moms wrk friends was gorgeous!!!" *** turns out the picture I put up was of the wrong guy.  Trying to remove!" Bouquet looks nothing like bouquet on website.  Has 4 scraggly stems of orchids in a glass vase.   Would not use again Thank you all the way from Los Angeles!" We had the best service here. We just stopped in to ask about prices for a wedding and walked out with a contract. Richard was sooo helpful. I didn't know what I wanted. He put together this gorgeous arrangement based on my price budget! He made this part of planning my wedding so easy. He even sent me home with a small sample bouquet! I could not have been more pleased. Flowers were ready on time for the wedding. I didn't even have to give him a follow up call. Richard made the most beautiful bouquet for my wedding! These garden roses were just amazing! I sent him some pictures of bouquets that I liked and he created this beauty! Richard got back to me on emails and calls quickly and was so kind. Thank you!  I was surprised and disappointed in the cost and freshness of the wreath. I have many years of experience in the florist industry from years back and they should not charge as much for a stale wreath. I will give them another try as I did see some great arrangements going out for delivery." oUrlWqz2tkyNRcggKZWfAw Okay this guy is awesome and I plan on asking him to do my wedding. I have used Jeremiah for years and I have never been disappointed. From that birthday gift to just something to say I care. he can whip up something in a heart beat and will work with your budget too.  purple and fuchsia colors became the perfect for her arrangement!  They are always super kind on the phone and I've never heard of an arrangement going astray. I was shocked at what she received for what I spent  the prices were incredibly reasonable and the flowers were perfect.  The guests at both events were all raving about how beautiful they were and totally appropriate for a occasion.  I highly recommend them. They are honest  everything just as we discussed and the biggest surprise was actually seeing you after the wedding ceremony carrying the arch flowers into the ballroom for our head table decor!  I've never known a florist to deliver Eu4QU3A1QTIBk_Zggnpq4w  I was bummed that I wouldn't be able to work with any of the designers I am familiar with and would have to trust the internet to send me in the best direction.  I searched and reached out to numerous florists and then on a pre-wedding trip Jeremiah and his staff created a beautiful flair to my daughter's wedding this past March of 2016.  Their floral arrangements exceeded or expectations and their professionalism was above and beyond.  Do not be fooled by their modest and understated shop......they have wonderful ideas to enhance a wedding reception and really guide you through the process.  I highly recommend their services and so easy to communicate with via e mail or a simple phone call......they so rock........Kathleen My favorite florist! My husband has been sending me flowers from Jeremiah for years and every single time they are amazing!! "Updating to include a client comment today ""the most beautiful flowers we have ever received"".  Thank you Floral Designs by Jeremiah!!  All I said was your seasonal best and you deliver every time."  they went above and beyond by scheduling a delivery of just my flower crown the morning of the wedding so I could take ""getting ready"" pictures with it. They also supplied additional vases for the bridesmaids' bouquets for the main tables. They truly understand the importance of the day and know what stress a bride is under. They were a wonderful referral from a close friend who used Jeremiah for their wedding. They did not disappoint with the service and beauty. After the wedding http://www.phoenixflowershops.com/" Tempe location...Broadway st." Great on-line service.  Their website is very easy to use.  I too have never been in shop physically but have used them twice for floral delivery.  On both occasions the flowers were amazing!  The flowers are shipped on time and the monthly newsletter is very informative.  I have learned things about holidays I never knew before.  If you refer others to Phoenix Flower Shops they get a discount for their first order!  look elsewhere. Good customer service when you call in I have used PFS for years and will continue to do so.  They truly define customer service and create exceptional beautiful work!" I don't send arrangements all that often  once assured I placed my order.  15hrs later I get a voicemail asking if I could move the delivery to today and if so they would throw in a box of chocolates free of charge.  After being put on hold for a total of 30min and hung up on twice they finally found my order and assured me that everything would be delivered today.  Well the flowers were delivered today but no chocolates along with misspelled  and misquoted words on the card.  When you charge $15 for delivery I'd expect some level of professionalism. I will NEVER order from here again.  STAY AWAY and order from 1-800-FLOWERS.  I had wanted to support a local business but in this instance I will stick with a national competitor." Wow.  Incredibly easy to work with.  Very friendly on the phone.  Confirmed everything about three times very clearly yet the phone call start to finish was 5 minutes or less.  Receipt emailed.  I would love if all customer service over the phone was so easy!!! Very satisfied. I ordered flowers to be delivered for V-Day somewhat last minute and they were delivered on time and the recipient said they looked fantastic. I even had to call and change the delivery date last minute and an actual human being picked up the phone!  Im so happy I didn't decide to support the price-cutter online flower shops. It would have been cheaper but who knows what would have shown up and I doubt I would have been able to call to change the delivery date :-) Would five 0 stars if I could. They never delievered my flowers and never even called me to inform me of what happened. They were just going to keep my money. Will never use them again! Though i did get a full refund from them after I called 2 days later to see what the hell happened. Ordered flowers for my cousins birthday and she wasn't home when they tried to deliver them twice; they finally reached her by phone and she was going to be out for the rest of the day and they had the class to think to at least read her the card so that she new I had tried to have them delivered on her birthday. They arrived promptly the next morning and from the picture they sent they were beautiful! I couldn't be happy with the flowers or the excellent service. "My wife just passed an import exam and I wanted something special.  These folks came through.  Beautiful lavender roses The diver drives like a bat out of hell ... You might get your flowers fast. Thanks for cutting me off!  very disappointed. When I contacted teleflora they offered me 40% off a future order. I will never order through this local place or teleflora again. Arrangement delivered looked very different from picture online." I ordered roses for two special people in my life & they where gorgeous red roses.  They where delivered very timely & fresh!!  I will be using them for all my flowers!!! They did an AMAZING Job!!!! We needed flowers for a convention in Phoenix and we were coming from Florida. I sent them pictures of what we wanted and they went above and beyond to get them done our way. The bouquets were delivered on time and they looked gorgeous!!  THANKS FOR A GREAT EXPERIENCE WITH YOUR COMPANY!! Arcadia Flowers is definitely my go to flower shop."  and he is generous within each price range. He uses high quality flowers. The fact that he is such a nice person is a huge bonus!" Jeff at Arcadia did a most amazing job with my daughter Jenn's wedding this past weekend!  We had so many complements from people who said that they normally don't notice flowers but they were incredible!  They were exquisite and so fresh and beautiful.  He gave her the fairytale wedding that she had hoped for!  He not only accomplished what Jenn had wanted but added his own personal touches which made it even better!  Wow is all I can say!  he runs for a corvette parked a few spots over (a seriously rad looking one too). The owner comes out screaming ""you can't park here"" and tells us to leave. I suppose he thought we were headed to the bar next door. I was about to tell him we were there to buy flowers I really like how they will deliver to so many areas in the valley!  There was a little bit of a glitch with my first order with them - the vase that was shown in the picture was not the one that was sent.  *NOT* because they did false advertising - it was just that the vase pictured had sold out.  I was unhappy with what was sent to my coworker but when I brought up my concerns to the florists they immediately made sure I was completely taken care of and created another bouquet for me to pick up later that week at no cost.  I wish I had a picture of it as it was extremely beautiful and my coworker *loved* it!  Thank you Arcadia Flowers/Gifts for taking care of us! I know I wasn't easy to deal with so I hope you're OK with me saying I'm going to you guys moving forward for all my floral needs! ;) :) But the best part of the whole experience? Seeing my friend's face light up as I got out of the car. A bottle of wine just doesn't have the same effect. Flowers are always the perfect choice. And I bet Emily Post would agree with me on that as well."  when you really care enough to send the very best "Can't say enough about how great this shop is!  Unique meets classic with a big handful of personality in every arrangement!  Every arrangement I've ever gotten here has so much beauty and character...and lasts twice as long!! Customer service is the best  I'm a lucky girl when my husband gets me flowers from here!!" "Exquisite products and first class service! Camelback Flowershop is BY FAR the best florist I have used to date! My experience with them from sending single arrangements to decorating events Beautiful work.  Wonderful service.  Clean and friendly atmosphere.  So obviously take pride in their work.  I won't go anywhere else.  Woohoo! As good as it gets! My friend knows the owners and I love the flowers here! They are beautiful Stop by and see this gem!" A little pricey but worth every penny!" I'll use them again. :)"  but the flowers turned out better than I could ever have imagined. I asked for no roses or anything traditional and boy did they deliver. The arrangement was so unique that it kept my wife and I staring at it all night. I will definitely use them again. Thank you!" One week later and our flowers are looking as good as the first day!!! I have purchased from other companies here in the valley in the past and have never had flowers last this long. Beautiful shop and flowers. Happy hr on Friday from 1-6...1/2 off loose flowers. Lots of moss and succulent arrangements. Flower worker bees were friendly and attentive. "I can't say enough wonderful things about Laura and Camelback Flowershop! I knew when I started planning my wedding that I wanted some non-traditional flowers for my wedding. Laura was the first person to really understand my vision- she is a creative genius ps - yes I re-trimmed the stems and replaced the water as well.  My $12.99 bunch of roses from Whole foods purchased the same day are in better shape than this $125 arrangement."  which was lovely. I worked in a floral shop so I know an old and over priced set of flowers when I see them. He paid $170 for something that I could have done for $30. I'm disappointed in the quality of the arrangement. I would not recommend this shop to anyone..."  truly gorgeous arrangements for a total price of just $100 - much less than I was expecting." Teresa and get team do a great job creating unique arrangements. I love their style as it's very vintage yet romantic. I received flowers from one of my top makeup lines and the arrangement was absolutely breathtaking. The flowers lasted for about two weeks. Of course there were some that needed to be picked out but other than that the arrangement had strong lasting power. I've had a few other arrangements from Teresa since then and I always get tons of compliments.  Her staff is also very friendly and can design whatever your hearts desire. Highly suggest.  and artful. The staff was very responsive and easy to talk to/work with for individual floral arrangement orders.  Twice I have used their expertise for my mother and each time she was beyond impressed. She even took pictures and bragged to EVERYONE about the arrangements. Thank you for making me look good Camelback Flowershop!!"  and within minutes they take a visionless description of what I want and create something that blows my girl away every time. Love how the can integrate artichoke or cactus into an amazing floral arrangement. This is the go to place for those looking for more than just the ordinary floral arrangement. Thanks Camelback Flowershop for making me a superstar!"  they create floral works of art. Everything about the decor of the shop is dreamy too! Don't miss this exceptional spot." I called to place an order here because it was literally down the street from my Aunt home on 41st Place between Campbell and Glen Rosa.  I asked about delivering today.  Alba or Alma (not sure which because she would not verify her name when I called back to speak to the owner) told me that she needed to check to see if they could deliver today.  I asked her twice to check.  She finally did and said that it would be way later this afternoon.  Then she proceeded to tell me that the red roses were not good and I should get white.  I asked her what white signified and I think she thought that was a rocket science question.  I then gave her my Aunt's address. I was not sure if North or South.  I told her I didn't know but it was literally walking distance from them and described where it was...I also at the same time started to look up on google maps to see what it was.  She was really rude and not helpful at all and said you have to tell me! I told her this had become way to difficult and hung up and called Fresh Cut Romance.  They had an assortment of colors and told me that they would have the driver take them to her when they returned from his deliveries.   I was on the phone a total of 4 minutes minutes!  I was talking to this Alba for 6 minutes and she barely had begun to take my order! Called sort of last minute for flowers on our Anniversary.  Flowers were beautiful and arrived in 3 hours.  Highly recommend!  the staff there is fantastic.  They know my name when I come in and know my taste so well they basically select the flowers for me before I even open my mouth.  I feel very lucky to have such a great place close to home that I truly look forward to visiting each week.  Thank you Camelback Flowershop!" Qy1UAXzY6qEr6Ive_lksvA I just love this place. To get same day delivery in Phoenix Amazing and so fast. I highly recommend them. There's nothing not to love about Camelback Flowershop. it's a place I want to hang out. it's a place that is always introducing me to new and unique gifts. most importantly the people that work here are some of the most helpful. need a gift? need something special? this is where I love to come. The most exquisite and elegant shop in Phoenix! Has an item for everyone and they even do delivery for all your orders not to mention online orders! Highly recommended!! The best flowers and customer service in the valley. You get the best quality and are treated really well! I go once a week. Highly recommended!  reminds me of a shop you would see in Portland or LA. The staff there are so incredibly kind and sincere and they are all really knowledgeable about botany. There isn't a better flower shop in Phoenix!" This shop is so very cute! Everything I want for my own home. Not only do they have beautiful flowers they have great gifts ideas. I went in for a small arrangement for me mom and they put it together right then and she loved it. Thank you again!! I went in looking for an arrangement of a certain color and was helped immediately! The arrangement was thoughtfully designed on the fly and I couldn't be happier!!  amazing talented people at this shop! I'll be back for my wedding and all other occasions I may have!!! Thank you again ladies!"  I always leave pleased with my purchase.  From the perfect gift for the person who has everything (my mother) to the 'wow factor' arrangement I bought today I can't believe I didn't know about this place before.... I've been saying for years this town needs a fun flower boutique!  This shop carries unique options and the staff is fantastic. Kristin whipped me up the funkiest arrangement in minutes. Huge fan! It is worth stopping by the shop just to see how beautiful everything is!"  you are beautiful artists." I absolutely love Camelback Flower shop! Everything in there is so fresh and gorgeous!! "Very impressed with the great customer service matched with amazing energy  and will happily pay for a gorgeous arrangement.  However "You're crazy if you go anywhere else to buy flowers! I came in knowing only the colors I wanted in my arrangement and she just went with it and blew me away! Not only do they have the most beautiful and unique arrangements in the valley Such a cute shop with great customer service! The goods they sell are quality and their flowers are downright gorgeous. Loved it!  the ladies at the shop put so much time and effort into getting me the perfect arrangement for my mom.  Today was a hard day for me and their kindness & attention to detail really brightened up my day :) I will absolutely go back to them anytime I need flowers This Flowershop is amazing & dangerous at the same time. Watch out because once you step in this place you will want to go back every week. I love the variety of succulents and pots. It's the perfect place to go when looking for gifts! They have an awesome section for cards as well. Stop by - you won't be disappointed!  this place does just as good a job (if not better) than the flowers you usually buy at AJ's!" "I love this place! I first got the most unique arrangement for my birthday that had apples & moss and these cool grass reed things coming out of the top. It was the coolest thing I've ever seen.  Just last week I stopped in on the way back from dropping friends off at the airport and picked up two ""christmassy"" arrangements that were premade in the fridge section.  They were the perfect little gems to get me in the holiday spirit and still look perfect."  who was looking for an unusual flower arrangement for a special occasion and walked away with exactly what he wanted. Glad to know this little place exists in my neighborhood." Im gonna give this fresh cut boutique a cute little 5 stars...as well as the cutie who gave me the bunch from here... Ive never actually purchased anything from here... but he did... and he scored a bunch with me too..( just a bit of a shame that he lives in the east.). nonetheless.. the flowers were beautiful..fresh and tightly all done up.. in an unusual way...and that is what scores with most of us.. uniqueness...:-) I had never heard of this place.. and now I have.. good to know that romance truly does exist..as well as creativity:-)  creative arrangement after I had procrastinated on Valentine's day.  Not only were the flowers great but they arranged them in a creative vase that had decorative rocks and a colorful ribbon.  Great job!"  they delivered a generic looking arrangement of white flowers that I probably could have found at Safeway for $15.  I love supporting local businesses -- only if they are reliable enough to deliver on promises.  Not sure about going back here again." "These people do a GREAT job! Unique arrangements We chatted it up for a while and she was seriously so awesome. I will definitely be returning for all my floral needs. You can see the final product in the pictures. I brought it to dinner and everyone was like  I will be calling them again as soon as my floral Phoenix needs arise. Thanks "Excellent customer service! The owner personally went above and beyond for our needs Highly Recommend and will use this business again. Yeah!" But in the end my wife was really happy and that's all that matters." "I have used Fresh Cut Romance in the past and haven't ever had a problem with them...until last week.  I was out of town and tried ordering a bouquet for a friend who is losing her mother.  I ordered very early in the morning on Thursday and then received a message much later in the day saying there would be a $40 delivery charge to deliver to Gilbert.  I wasn't excited about the charge but at that point just wanted to have them delivered that day and didn't have time to order something else that would be delivered in time so I said okay only to then be told oh never mind "stunning flowers delivered to my Mom on the day that I called. i called directly from out of state rather than using an online florist Awesome service!!   Offered a variety of flowers!  Said they could get anything I wanted too!  Said they would deliver right away!!  Order took less than 5 minutes!!!  Order with confidence!! We wanted to send our daughter flowers on her birthday. We are in Minnesota and didn't want the generic online stuff. Their store is just down the street from her so delivery was easy and on time. Our daughter loved them and sent us photos. Very beautiful what a great job. Absolutely thrilled with the flowers and service.  I went in and they were so helpful picking out flowers for our celebration.  I told them my price range and they worked with me to find the perfect arrangements.  Delivery was right on time and he was very nice.  I will use them again and again in the future.  and included tax and delivery.  They even took the measurements of our podium and made the arrangement the exact size to stand in front of it!  Will ALWAYS use them for any arrangements I need." Update: My mom says her arrangement is gorgeous. She is very pleased in spite of what I think of the picture. I live out of state and am unable to see it live "I felt it necessary to update my review...My mom says her arrangement is gorgeous. She is very pleased in spite of what I think of the picture. I live out of state and am unable to see it live I received some of the most beautiful flowers from this florist.  They lasted over a week and I still don't want to throw them away! Called them the day before our 32nd anniversary. Talked to Sue and looked at some arrangments on the website. Picked the Zen arrangment for delivery to my wife's work the next day. A MAJOR HOME RUN! Outstanding arrangment  I was the recipient of  a beautiful plant arrangement from La Paloma and decided to take the time to write them a review." La Paloma es una floreria muy profeconal..las Flores son muy Bonitas y de buena calidad. Y a mi mama le gusto mucho us arreglo de cumpleaos. Y tambien us esta misma floreria para una fiesta. Para toda la gente hispana yo les recomendo esta floreria para todas sus occacons especales en el futuro.  It looked as if someone grabbed a bunch of flowers and simply shoved them into a vase. Some of the flowers looked like they were smashed up against a flat surface for a prolonged period of time.  The arrangement of the flowers was very sloppy.  What was supposed to be an exciting surprise for my daughter turned into a frustrating inconvenience." TEL1w-4Bl3-_lqdFfi5xXQ This place is amazing and I would recommend them to anyone. My husband bought me Valentines flowers and there was a little mishap but the hoops that the owner and manager jumped through to fix the small issue showed their remarkable customer service. The manager himself took everything into his own hands and made sure everything was perfect and even did the delivery himself which says a lot. The flowers were beautiful and everything was so perfect "My son sent me flowers through FTD for Mother's Day and I received them from La Paloma Flower Shop (Robyn's Nest) on the Saturday before Mother's Day.  A day and a half later (Monday) the flowers had wilted and left the arrangement looking sad and awful.  I took the arrangement back to the florist on Monday and they said another would be ready that afternoon.  I called at 2:30 p.m. and was told they could not have them ready until Thursday.  I said that would not work and they said another arrangement could be made and I could pick it up in 30 minutes.  The arrangement I was given is non-descript.  This is an odd flower shop.  There are all sorts of flowers by the windows along with a mannequin wearing a wedding dress.  On closer examination My order was for a small wedding in 3/2014 and I was pleased with the service and quality.  Roses and mini-roses were beautiful.  I would order from here again.  patient and extremely helpful in helping me design a custom arrangement for my 15th anniversary.  The flowers look amazing!" (Tied with raffia around our perfect bouquets)" My husband has been buying me flowers for many years and all from Flowerama- this location. He has forged a relationship with them and I am the one that benefits from that. He is loyal to them and I have enjoyed everything that he has brought from loose roses to full gorgeous arrangements. If you are looking for a shop- give them a try. They have changed owners and we do not go there. They do not go out of their way to help you in a crunch. No need for them with so many other places to choose from. "I have driven by Flowerama a million times since we live in the neighborhood... stopped today for single roses for my 6 year old daughter who is performing a play today.  Isabel made sure each rose was perfect  she let me customize it!  I was able to replace some flowers in the design that I wasn't really excited about and she gave me a beautiful vase to match the flowers :)  Overall  roses and they wanted $24 for it. I asked her if it would be possible to whip one up in a hurry and she had absolutely no interest in helping me. Sometimes you just need somebody to go above and beyond to help you out and this was not the time or the person that was willing to do that. As a result I will never step foot in that shop again." Flo and her crew did a great job for me.  We wanted to pass out flowers to our clients for Mother's Day at our Salon. Not only did she go out of her way to give me a great deal they also provided beautiful flowers. My clients loved them.   Thanks !  the lobby security didn't know my daughter was working there.  Noone called me.  So second day flowers arrived about 1:30 PM and what was delivered was not even close to what I ordered.  I ordered from an online based company that farms out the orders to local florist.  So disappointed and completely embarrassed by what arrived.  I posted pics of what I ordered vs what was received.   I was offered a 15.00 coupon for my next order like I would ever order from someone that would contract with this florist again." 