 try not to let the staff upsale you with beer or wine. They make a great case  they know everytime which table and server that we like to have. And their dessert ... goodness just so delicious. We typically go with the Amaretto Meltdown. We love it so much  although I have walked out completely stuffed and pleasantly buzzed. We will keep coming back every year to celebrate our anniversary My absolute favorite restaurant in the world.  We go regularly (once a month) and it is always consistently wonderful.  The wait staff is great and helpful for anyone new to fondue.  I recomment the teriyaki steak and shrimp with the court bouillion cooking style.  It's not on the menu but their Italian dressing is delicious and available for sale.  It's the only place I'll sneak out on a work night to go eat at. Melting Pot is not the type of place you go weekly or monthly because I really feel like you need to be in the mood for the whole experience and for the almost painfully full feeling you will most definitely have when you leave.  But its great for special occasions or to help out a good cause." Whether you want just a cheese fondue or you're going full on three course  so I highly recommend not wearing clothing that isn't easy to wash into the Melting Pot "I like the food and the whole fondue experience of the Melting Pot but I give this place only 2 stars because on my last 2 visits uDoTFFud2mXE3VT1Jt9L5A I was here this past Saturday and this visit was no exception. Great service and excellent food. Our waiter was very funny and amiable. I got the Caribbean and all of the meat and seafood was super high quality. The wine list is divine (great beer selections too!). I left smelling like stew and looking like I had a fresh facial from all the steam....all good things. Cant wait to see you again next Restaurant week my sassy splurge!" Service is always great and the staff is dedicated to making sure you have everything you need as well as explaining to you how to cook your food the correct way." I always enjoy the cheese portion the most. The preparation here ranged from excellent to average with the average being a 3 cheese blend where they were way too heavy handed with the wine at the start so that was the dominant flavor by far." I can't wait until my next visit!" I've been to this one twice & haven't had any issues - both times I had reservations & they were on time. The staff is always friendly & attentive."  it definitely loses most of the romantic feel with the bartender making drinks constantly and a tv in front of you this is a nice strange of pace for a night out. allowing plenty of time to talk and eat slowly and just enjoy the company of the person you are with. i would love to go back only the cost is a little high to go regularly"  but it coulda been better. I normally wouldn't be able to afford more than one course here but at $30 for everything during restaurant week it's a hella great deal."  but I got tired of it pretty quick.  How many items do you want to try covered in melted cheese?  The salad was good.  But the main dish was a big disappointment.  I got the meat selection.  You basically end up with boiled steak and chicken.  It wasn't good at all.  The dipping sauces were good Omg can you say awesome fondue! Love this place.  it just doesn't get any better.  The luscious melted chocolate creations are all good.  And if you run out of your favorite dipper 5) or want to treat someone you care about who is isn't particular in general Go hungry and portion out a good 2 hours.  It is truly an experience!"  The Big Night Out is $75-$100 per couple...but that includes cheese fondue  Steven called me to go over my review and to chat in order to improve their business. I think this is awesome! Remember how I said we had asked another employee for more veggies and dips? It was him! He was amazing and had even tried to see if they had an extra two burner table at the beginning of the meal. With people like him the Melting Pot will always be in business."  but this is a staple for restaurant week."  they managed to get us in and out within an hour and a half without feeling too rushed (that's crazy fast for 4 courses). We has both the Fiesta and Swiss cheese fondue  for making our just-about-3 year old Daughter's first experience at your restaurant so special! Great meal "We had an amazing time visiting this restaurant recently to celebrate my sister's birthday. Its hard to find something special for her because she eats gluten free. They exceeded our expectations with the amount of thought and effort they put into making the experience great for all of us  etc. He definitely made sure we didn't have any questions. The food was just OK. I went more for the experience with my friends and really enjoyed myself. I would go back for a special occasion but probably not anytime soon. It truly does cost a lot of money to cook your own food."  because for $30 a person it truly is a smashing deal for a three-hour foodie experience.  Make sure you CALL the restaurant to make a reservation if you have more than 4 in your party because often times a party of 6 or more will allow you to get 2 burners at the table.  The menu during RW allows you to try the cheese fondue course (we really like the Spinach Artichoke dip one and the cheddar is really good too!) We had a group of 15 and we all split 5 cheese and 5 chocolate. They were all good and it was awesome to hang out with them. However  our server was the best! So knowledgable and charming. What a wonderful date night. excellent food  when paying a minimum of $30 a head for dinner I'd like to think I'm paying for a chef's skill and training in producing good food.  Here you get all the basic building blocks and do the final work yourself.  I know it's novel Brandon was a charming and competent and funny and hot server. The manager treated us well. Teriyaki sirloin is great. We had the oil and batter cooking style and skipped the batter most of the time. The sauces are good but it would be nice to have a list in the menu: maybe it's there and I missed it in the low light. The spinach artichoke cheese was ok but I wish we'd stopped him before the second spoonful of garlic went in. Recommend the Absolut Stress cocktail over the Strawberry Blonde. My date discovered that she likes blue cheese. Bring on the chocolate! In general I liked it. I'd say it can be a good romantic place for couples. Find time when you are not in rush and can spend and enjoy the food and each others company for about 3 hours since you'll be cooking in the pots right in front of you on your table. Can be a good unrushed experience. Thanks Melting Pot!"  never a wait in between and they were definitely packed. We asked for specifics and he definitely delivered with our requests and didn't have to be reminded. I definitely recommend this place and Ted." Thank you Melting Pot for a tremendous dinner... birthday celebration round 5."  and the occasional wait time to see the waitress this was fantastic. Definitely moved the Melting Pot back up onto our list of favorites!"  and grapes into the cheese. (The cheese is my favorite part of the whole fondue course) Next you can get a nice decent size salad. After that you can get a choice of meats to dip into boiling water to cook. After that they bring out bananas and deserts to dip into hot chocolate and you can choice your type of chocolate to. I prefer the Flaming Turtle chocolate. So yea this has to be a great choice to anybody to take the family out or a birthday dinner or a date night." "We went for date night special the other night... it was ok.  It did not do the meal total justice.  Our service was great.  It was missing a couple of key things like graham crackers do not substitute for a slice of cheesecake? I was disappointed and then the dessert was slyly slipped in as extra but a special price for the four of you "The food is amazing. Ask for Dave as your waiter. He is very knowledgable  very fresh and a pleasant relaxing environment.  Smore's martini makes my girlfriend smile every time!" I wanted to finally write a review because yesterday for Fathers day I had such great service from Dave. He made sure we got extra of everything we like Came here with my boyfriend to celebrate our anniversary and it was an interesting wonderful experience. The staff wished us a happy anniversary and gave us a card. They were nice and our server was attentitive. The place looks pretty nice also. I thought all of the courses were good but of course with a sweet tooth like mine my favorite would be the chocolate fondue. We got the yin and yang one and it was pretty good. Hope to come here again and try the other ones that they have.  and maybe Shallots).  Server also recommended mixing the teriyaki glaze and curry together and my wife loved that.  Spicy cocktail was awesome on shrimp and gorgonzola was creamy and great on the beef.  My wife is all about dessert so she wanted the s'mores one...milk chocolate uDoTFFud2mXE3VT1Jt9L5A  the prices are completely ridiculously high. You do not get a lot of food for the price. Our check was over $120 and that's a ridiculous price to pay for tiny portions of food. I would suggest this to someone who wants a romantic night in town with some experimental fondue styles but I definitely wouldn't go back for that price. For $20 we bought our own fondue pot and tried our own cheese dips  and I added the Pacific Rim's duck. The duck was my favorite. Dessert has been improved by removing the cheesecake in favor of pineapple and blondies. The old cheesecake seemed superfluous- I mean you couldn't dip it. BUT "Excellent service! I went Thursday night and the staff was prompt and courteous. They explained the dishes well and accommodated our large group of 22. Regardless of what some reviewers say this place is not insensitive and would definitely meet any dietary guidelines. In fact OMG!!!! Best place EVER!!! I go there every year for my birthday. I love how many they options that they have. Also the dessert is AMAZING!!!!! Thank you and I look forward to our return visits!!!"  wonderful atmosphere! It is more main steam than before but the food is still great!" Amanda or waitress was wonderful! She explained all the options and specials with flare and was super helpful with substituting some of the options bc my fiance is a vegetarian. This was a wonderful 1st experience at the Melting Pot! This was my first time for fondue. We had a great experience. The food was delicious and well presented and the service was excellent. The waitress and crew had been with The Melting Pot franchise for a combined 30 years. That really says a lot about a business. The pride they feel combined with great attitudes makes this a memorable occasion.  I cannot rave enough about the service. The staff wrote me a card to congratulate me on the engagement and brought a candle on our desert dippers for our birthday girl in the group. So incredibly happy with everything that I had to let you all know the moment I got home! Thank you melting pot!" Dave Y was great!! We had our 14 month old with us so he knew we had a time limit. He made sure to bring the courses quickly along with the check! He suggested the cheesecake add on to go with the chocolate and it was delicious. Thank you for the great service! "This is my favorite dining experience - the more people you go with the more fun it is. It's a 3 hours dining experience - It's worth it! I highly recommend the mushroom salad - it might not be on the menu anymore but My wife and I where in Charlotte for our anniversary and had a fantastic time!  We had the four course meal.  Our server was great and very knowledgable about the menu.  Food was great it was a neat experience cooking our own food.  We would definitely return to The Melting Pot! The service is great and I recommend it to everyone. Enjoy and have a great time!!" Always a special experience at Melting Pot. The bf and I visited Easter Sunday for the special they were running. Sean was our waiter and he was awesome. I didn't catch the manager's name but they both were very accommodating to our special dietary requests. They made our meal personalized to our taste and because of that we will definitely be back very soon! I've been to Melting Pot over the years may times and I have to say I'm still a fan. My wife and I recently took our two boys (12 & 9 yrs.) and they had a blast. They loved having the options to 'cook' their own skewers of food. And of course how could they not like the desert options. Our waiter even let us order two different chocolate tastings for the desert course as our boys couldn't decide on just one. Fun place to eat with a group and enjoy conversation. I highly recommend this place if you plan on proposing marriage or announcing to a loved one that you are free of herpes for those special occasions."  or seafood. The herb crusted pork was especially delicious. Although there are so many other cooking styles to chose from I have no clue how we managed to eat all that food....but I'd absolutely go back to this place with no hesitation. With great service and food and an awesome overall dining experience....I'm totally a fan!!!"   everything exactly as it should be.   Flawless reservation and group planning experience as well.   They make it easy to host a nice dinner.   It's a rare occasion that the host can have as much fun as the guests.   Highly recommend."   kept an eye on us the entire time while never hovering.  This was perfect as I was there with my girlfriend for our 1 year anniversary. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to celebrate an occasion."  when the waiter came back he told me they ran to the gas station next door to get me a Mello Yellow. How awesome is that?!?! The food was amazing the wait staff was spectacular and I can not wait to come back! Also at my table was a card for mine and my boyfriends anniversary signed by a lot of the staff! Definitely an A+ experience  love it here and highly recommend it!" Excellent service. Complimentary valet. Did a RSVP and got sat right Away. It was my birthday and they made it so special! There was a card waiting for me on the table. After dinner they took a picture of us and gave it to us. Fiesta cheese was good and spicy! House salad was great! My favorite is the salmon and shrimp! The garlic and wine seasoning is awesome! Excellent server! Turtle chocolate was delicious! I am big on the ""experience"" of going out to eat- if I am taking the time and money to eat outside of my home  especially if you like cheese and chocolate (who doesn't?). Customer service is always ""on pointe."" The waiters and waitresses are very attentive  but its okay to get your hands a little messy... especially with the chocolate! The service was impeccable and very knowledgeable with answering questions. I would definitely recommend reservations because they can get busy fast and also check out the menu online to kind of get the feel of what to expect! I even bought a fondue set for home after having so much fun and delicious creations!"  experience and service. The staff really makes a special occasion even nicer!" The service here is always good.  There are a few that's our favorites because they talk and joke wth us but everyone is very professional and nice.  The manager here is AWESOME.  He always stops by and greets us and checks on things because he sees our name on the reservations.  As you see with my review you can make this experience custom to the way you would like it and you will get every bit of your money's worth.  I highly recommend." Food is always great. Best spot in Charlotte for a 1st date. The wine list is top notch. You will not be disappointed.  but the quality and service is good.  I do think the experience and quality are well worth it."  itty bitty peaches of fudge. 50 dollars? advertised for 24.95" I called to say I was going to be ten minutes late.  We waited over a forty-five minutes and we are still waiting for a table.  Not what is expected. They have complimentary valet parking for nights they are busy." """Had reservations....didnt have to wait any time at all....asked to be seated close to front door for ease of use for my handicapped mother....first table inside door. Was celebrating my birthday and staff signed a card and made it very personal for myself. I believe he is the GM but he visited our table numerous times and was very personable...not all about business but engaged like he knew us for years. Waiter was fantastic. Aaron made suggestions....which we took...especially the curryacki....or however you spell....curry and teriaki suaced combined.....WOW....great with all food. Aaron was not pushy...we ate at our own pace and had a fantastic night and my birthday was great"""  the melting pot is overrated AF.  People only go here to tell someone they went to ""The Melting Pot"".  Smells gross all the time Love the melting pot! I could eat the cheese and chocolate fondue anyday! I am not too crazy about the entree fondue but it's good and fun. Staff is very friendly. and helpful. This location has a lot of good deals throughout the week.  (if you have ever eaten here before you can understand why this is a problem) then we were rushed out because the waitress said she needed to go home but wasn't allowed too leave until she was finished serving us. And no we didn't come at a strange time or anything....  Horrible experience the last time we ate here ** warning not a good first date restaurant because you will be there for at least 2 hours and don't want to get stuck with awkward conversation ;)" 