"Watch out when it looks like something is on sale.  They mark a rack or table with a big buy one get one or 50% off sign "OK I know what you're thinking - You're a chick!  Why are you rating MEN'S Wearhouse?!  Well recently the BF and I went shopping for some business friendly clothes for him.  Our ""wardrobe expert"" (and I feel terrible because I forgot his name) was incredibly friendly and helpful that I couldn't help but think - WHY DON'T THEY HAVE STORES LIKE THIS FOR WOMEN!!?  Someone who helps you - no matter your size or height  several rude associates and 1 future groom going to Jos. A. Bank." I hope I never rent a tuxedo from Men's Warehouse again." DMy5IG-dNrH4ARk96KngEA  I would give this place a thumb's up. The service is always excellent. The products are comfortable. And if items do not fit  but they fail to provide customer service as Brook Brothers . I would rather continue to go to Brook Brothers and pay $50 more for shirts and good customer experience without racism. It is a pity that racism still exists. Mens wearhouse is never going to get my online and retail businesses." You'll get a tux to keep for the same price as a rental from a craptastic wage slave in the US."  but I play bass in a bar band and every so often I love wearing vintage clothes on stage." i'm a total fan of eons. love their selection! a little pricey though. Growing up on Eons' vintage has spoiled me for any other vintage store.  I hold every other one up to its standards.  Thus  and it's relative to Hey Betty!  Which is another pretty good vintage shop.  Eons is better though.  They have clothes for all sizes and shapes.  Beautiful shoes and jewelry as well.  And Richard (god of vintage) is just a gem to talk to!"  although sometimes it doesn't have the sizes I need (I'm a petite 0-2). Also look up when you walk around the store. Some of the sweetest hats I have ever seen (I don't know where they find the stuff in that GREAT quality) are at Eons. Main point: If you love vintage I'm an experienced vintage shopper and baby - it doesn't get better than this!  And the prices - very reasonable for the quality of the clothing "This is a vintage shoppers paradise!  The place is stocked full of original vintage finds from the 1920's and on.  It may be packed full but it's easy to navigate between the different decades as they are clearly marked in select sections.  The prices aren't outrageous if you're looking for something unique for a special dinner or event.  You can tell that the owner goes above and beyond to find the best vintage selections.  It's not just clothes too  read several reviews & decided this was the place for me. I was beyond please! The 2 salesmen were great: personable and willing to answer questions. I purchased 2 fantastic vintage silver bangles for $8 a piece and a 50's wool hat for $10 that matches my wool coat perfectly. I wish I would have had more time  separated by era and then by size.  This is one of the only vintage clothing stores I've been to in the country that has a large selection of deadstock items  but don't be surprised to find pieces from the very early 1900s!  It's organized by men's and women's clothing I stopped in the other day and even though I couldn't find anything that quite caught my eye I always make a stop here when I'm back in Pittsburgh." Meticulously organized and a great selection. Definitely worth a stop. You know you had walked into an amazing business when you see that every non-filtered review here on Yelp is above par.  I'm also glad to add another one of those reviews."  I stopped by Eons and ended up trying on a few things.  I wasn't really on a quest to find anything though  even if you don't think you want vintage clothing. You will. The selection is amazing He has different era's some pieces are a little pricey but most of the items are good quality. If they are damaged they are noted as damaged and priced lower."  they did have mesh purses from the 1920s). Lots of menswear; suits and dress shirts. The store is about half men's stuff and half women's stuff. The clothes seem to be fairly high quality (ie. not stained or ripped) but you pay for it. They did have some cute outfits "A nice place to stop in if you're out for a stroll in shadyside. Though I think this place is overpriced and a bit overrated  he is continually helping out non-profits by donating or loaning merchandise and by publicizing their events." Went in last minute for a 1975's prom theme party. Owner was very helpful and both my boyfriend and I walked out with great outfits. Didn't have to venture anywhere else! will never return to the store." "This is the place to go for all of your vintage needs. Richard has such a big selection you'd be hard pressed to walk out of the store empty handed. All items are in pristine "Plenty of good people working in this store.  My personal favorite---Jack Salsbury.  George Zimmer is actually right "My first time walking in to a Men's Wearhouse because I needed a black bow tie for going out fast having lost mine somehow. My fashion sensibilities usually keeps me away from these types of stores otherwise. But I managed to get in and out fast which is nice  but I can't recommend him or this store highly enough. If you are looking to outfit your wedding party And what's a cake without icing? Totally watched a dude smoke in front of the store and then come in and measure my boyfriend for the tux without washing his hands. Hands  I decided to give Men's Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank a shot. I didn't really care too much for the style of suits Jos. A. Bank had and went to Men's Wearhouse. I got their typical great service as well as a large selection in my size. They had a buy one get one free special on their suits and I ended up getting two suits at a great price. For only wearing suits for a wedding they were a bit expensive but I would shop their more often if I had to wear a suit for work on a daily basis." My groomsman and I bought the suits for my wedding here. 4 of us that I know were sized wrong.  Customer service was terrible. After we purchased our suits they would not correct it.  Highly recommend not buying a suit here.  These people do not know what they're doing. I was overall very disappointed at the lack of customer service since we walked in so hopeful shopping for our wedding! This store really took the wind out of my sails with how excited we were to try things on." "Not helpful at all!  Their ""salespeople"" need to be taught customer service!  It's their way or no way.  Terrible experience!"  and I can tell you I will do everything in my power to find another men's clothing store for the men to get their suits."  had the tailor work late to measure for letting them out and custom length and cuffs. When we went back to pick them up there was a sale and he exchanged our original order and we ended up getting two more pairs of pants and two belts. We will ever shop anywhere else for him. In and out quickly and an awesome price! You will not be disappointed!"  was a tremendous help and worked with me for 45 minutes. Highly recommend going here and dealing with him!" "Our experience here was beyond amazing. Mike is one of the most helpful people we have ever had the pleasure dealing with under the stress of planning a wedding. We walked in not knowing what we were looking for and his knowledge and opinions really helped direct us in the right direction. He turned a stressful morning into one where we walked out smiling. I highly recommend this location if you need help in picking the perfect groomsmen attire. He also got us the best deal on everything  very  friendly and extremely knowledgeable staff.  I had a wonderful experience doing business with them They are easy to work with and always so professional." DJ service was outstanding. He was very helpful. You should have more employees like himv We rented 6 tuxes and definitely would recommend them! Everyone looked great! Our go-to place for tuxedo or suit rentals! Thanks Will and Patti!"  I come out with a brand new pair - hemmed right there. I would recommend Mr. Formal and their great staff." This place has more styles and colors then any other spot I went to! Also they actually have slim fit coats and pants available the other places tried to trick me into a baggy style and was telling me it was slim fit like I didn't know. I am so coming back next time I need a tux or suit rental!  and they definitely made the whole process fun and easy."  but Mr. Formal helped this aspect go off without a hitch. I'm grateful to them and their expertise!" I just got married and we rented our suits from Mr. Formal.  The quality of the clothes is excellent and the service is fantastic "My husband and I walked in here to get fitted for a tux. We are in a wedding out of state and just needed measurements. The man was very friendly and got my husband completely measured in 2 mins flat! And for no charge  ""no thanks"" we moved on. Dallas made the shopping experience easy and quick. Give that man a raise!!!"  pretty much anywhere else. I hear they sell jackets and suits at the thrift stores. At least there I'm expecting to be ignored and have to fend for myself when trying to find something." Thanks Steve! You did a great job."  tailoring) but even with sales prices Men's Wearhouse is too expensive. I bought two suits for the price of one  I probably would have just gone to Mr. Formal. They are a local shop just down the street on Camelback with excellent prices "Went in on a Monday and they charged $20 for a rush order for Saturday. Called on Thursday to make certain the tux was in and they asked my name and I spelled it for them. They came back and asked ""how do you spell your name?""  They said they could not find it so it must not have come in. Moments later I got an email saying it was in. Called on Sunday to see if I could delay my return by 1 day and the guy who answered the phone said can you call back in 15 minutes cause I am working on something. I took that as as another bad sign and jumped in my car and went out of my way to return it."  new management has been extraordinary and the team really worked together to help me get exactly what I needed. I will definitely be back and I recommend this store to anyone in need of suits and great service."  otherwise it would be best to try a different location or another company."  helped me with my horrible procrastination! I had purchased clothes over a year ago and I put some weight on and needed to exchange my pants and have them tailored. The wedding I am attending is this Thursday! The tailor -OjA9Wvnn-XExG-9Djj2og  they were unwilling to help at all and immediately wanted to sell me another suit. I was offended by this lack of service and they have lost all of my future business." I honestly wonder how anyone's experience could have been so different than ours"  do this a couple of times and eventually you find something that fits. Prices were fair. The employee there was friendly and patient which I really enjoyed because having bigger shoulders  and when I came to store they wouldnt redeem saying it only for rental. That was not specified in yelp deal. So waisted 10 $."  and they worked with us to make all alterations on time. The employees were nice and took great care of us. The place is not in the best part of town There ya go! I'm out!" "I was looking to rent a tuxedo for a glamorous event on SAME evening! As you can imagine the trouble I had to go through but both women at Rose Tuxedo were professional and packed away my concerns. They were able to recommend Screw Men's Warehouse and their $120 rentals. WHY!? Either buy your own tux at Burlington or Dillards Clearance....or rent here boys! They treat you right  tuxedo pants and 2 LS button-down shirts for $70.  My kind of shopping!  Cheers "I just needed some pants hemmed and they did that pretty well. As for their other services Excellent service.  Excellent quality.   I was in and out in 30 minutes for a tuxedo that fit me perfectly.   I would highly recommend.  The prices are great also.  Very friendly staff.  I will definitely use Rose Tuxedo again if/when the need arises. "I couldn't have asked for better folks to help me and my now-husband with our coordinating tuxedoes at our wedding. A friend and I initially stopped by without an appointment I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking for anything they offer. They price was very fair  Sunday was a no ship day. I was stressing out until I found Rose Tuxedo. April and Stephanie were the lovely ladys who assisted me in finding everything I needed within 5 minutes and had me out the door in 15 minutes with everything fitted and paid for! This is beyond a 5 star venture. Thank you to my hero's for the day; Stephanie and April! You guys were phenomenal."  this photo would not have been possible (photo taken Saturday which is why suit had to be dropped off Sunday)."  courteous and sweet as pie. She really cares and bends over backwards for her customers. She worked with my price and time frame. Her staff was helpful and friendly as well. I would recommend her for rental or purchase. I purchased mine because the price was more than fair and I figured I'd need it again someday. Thank you Rose!"  they will fulfill SOME of your wildest dreams concerning tuxedos and wearing tuxedos." Best help and advise from Ludry. Came here to get my son his dress for prom. Loved the service Owners are very customer focused and will go out of there way to make sure your satisfied. If you don't want to go to a chain rental store I highly recommend. "I would highly recommend Rose and her staff at this location.  I chose this place based off a lot of the reviews and they didn't disappoint.  I was married over the past weekend and rented out some tuxedo's for the event.  Stephanie was extremely accommodating and helped my party.  I had 8 groomsmen and everything turned out well. I would highly recommend Rose Tuxedo He took my measurements right so I got stuff that is comfortable too (kind of the key to getting me to wear it a second time) and was that perfect balance of offering suggestions combined with actually listening to what I was saying. I can honestly say this guy will bring me back here!" Great job Travis and Rich!!" "Oh my gosh I had a blast shopping with my brother today at the Men's Wearhouse! Ren was the most awesome sales guy ever and I highly recommend you go see him. I usually hate shopping but Ren made the experience exciting and fun. Please go see Ren for all your business wear needs and tell him Dione and Joseph sent you The store has a good deal on suits and with an in house tailor its just that much easier."  quick order fulfillment and alterations on site.  We would recommend them to friends!" "WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. We went to men's warehouse thinking it would be an easy accessible place to rent tuxes for our small wedding party of 3 plus the groom. When we went in to inquire about rentals we were told that it was cheaper to buy which we thought was weird but we decided to trust the sales associate and buy which ended up costing over $200 per suit after alterations. When we bought my husbands suit I got my original jacket repaired and decided to donate it to my church's social program." "We were buying a suit for our wedding and Joey helped us a lot. He was warm "Went to men's warehouse for a prom tux.  Lyle is the man who helped us and was very helpful in the selection and suggestions.  Overall he is my favorite worker at this location and was very helpful last time I came in looking for pants.  I hade a great experience at this location and would highly recommend it when looking for formal wear  make sure you communicate the budget and tell them your needs and they will set you up.  They also accommodated a super rush order Thank you for making our event we attended memorable."  but the sales person assured me that the jacket would be in the Tuesday before and would be tailored in time for New Year's Eve. I did not receive the call telling me it was in until NYE and would not have time to be tailored. Good thing I went shopping elsewhere and found a jacket. I returned the jacket without a problem  and made suggestions without pressure to make our time there productive and unhurried. I would highly recommend this place for all menswear  very unwelcoming location. All the other men's wear houses we so much nicer. Just walked in and he had a very unpleasant manor." Wish I got this man's name but he was so unpleasant we just wanted to get out of there as soon as possible."  didn't even come up to us when we walked in. They all seemed to have a bad attitude and didn't give a shit about answering the questions we had." 