Extremely friendly and courteous manager.  Offers 25% discounts to first time customers.  the print looks great. It was well done and nicely put together. Would I have liked to pay less? Sure. Would I have another print or painting framed here? Sure!" "They did a good job with the framing of my diploma.  A little expensive compared to what I had done in Florida "This place is a great frame place!  I got some custom work done here If you have framing needs "Completely ripped me off.  SCAM ARTIST.  Went in there to get 4 pieces framed and mentioned the yelp deal for 50% off and he said it was no longer available so I took his word for it and he offered me a new 20% off coupon they had in a coupon book.  Looked on yelp to get the address a week later and the deal is still on here.  I confronted him about it and he refused to give me the deal because I had already paid for everything.  He said to make it right he will give me a credit $75 less than the deal would have gotten me!  He does not care about his customers one bit  I was quoted a price and an estimated turn-around time.  I will return again when I need great framing done that will last a lifetime or more.   Thank You Pat and Robert!" "We entrusted Robert Hilton with the framing of a lithograph by a modern American artist and couldn't be happier with the result.  These guys are every bit as good as the frame shop we used to rely on frequently in Brooklyn  courteous and professional. They are always ready with expert framing advice with years of experience behind them. They take the time to do the job right and yet come through for me in a hurry when I need a large job done fairly quickly for an upcoming event. I highly recommend Pat and his staff. Be sure to take a look at Pat's phenomenal photography when you stop by." "I had a delicate stitched piece that I needed framed done here and it was great service.  The biggest reason I decided to have the work done here is because I noticed a few art pieces that were done by the staff member I was speaking to.  I figured The fine gents here will take great care of you and they do beautiful work. I'll never use anyone else.  not to mention Scottsdale/Sedona/Jerome galleries - very high quality work at very reasonable prices. You will thank me! I live over an hour from Esprit Decor but I promise you I will never go anywhere else! (You should see my piece - really  & I firmly believe that their operation might possibly - be the BEST in Arizona! Their top shelf work defies logic & standard practices of most small business owners in the 21st century! A testament to this - is customers can utilize a LAYAWAY plan - to suit a budget  they take time to understand your tastes and home decor before they suggest framing looks.  Pat is an intelligent and well traveled artist that uses imagination and his years of experience to produce the best look for your works.  I would never consider any other place "Art pieces are special and intended to evoke an emotional tug.  Pat and team understand how to present a special piece in just the right frame. Of all the art I've collected Great business! I took a piece of art in to get a new mat and frame and from the second I walked in I noticed the great customer service! I told them that I wanted to keep it simple with a rustic frame and as soon as he put a couple options down I knew just what I wanted. My frame was done in 3 days and when I picked it up it looked even better than I imagined! This is my go-to framing store from now on. Couldn't be more pleased with their work and customer service. They have some amazing art on display as well and I'll be back again soon just to see if there is anything that would look great in my house. "I went to Egypt and bought some art (Papyrus) I am not a big art person but I really liked them and wanted something special to bring home for my house. I wasn't sure where I was gonna have them framed bit I knew I didn't want the do it yourself frame so per usual I yelped to find a company. These guys were not even 10 minutes away and had 5 stars on nearly every review. I stopped in the next day. I was met by one of the owners he was friendly and gave me a ton of options on how I could frame. He also gave me a tour of their place to explain their process and he took his time which was the best part. I was surprised as to how much framing costs it seemed expensive to me  What a great neighborhood framing shop!  We have had several pictures/art work framed with outstanding results.  They do quality work with a trained eye for what mat/color might look best!  We have never been disappointed and will continue to use Esprit Dcor for our framing needs.  reasonable and timely!  What more is there?  Will be back again."  and all have been excellent! She has a true talent for floral design. Great containers to choose from "i was just as unhappy as these other brides!!! unbelievably expensive and very misleading the way they explain things!! i paid $300 and wound up with only 14 of my original flowers and most of those were replaced with artificial. where the heck is the rest of my flowers??? she must have used them for some of the overpriced arrangements she retails.  also a $45 design fee charge to pin it to a piece of styrofoam I am so happy with my shadow memory box!! Thank you!!!!! : I had a wonderful experience! Staff was very friendly and my bouquet is beautiful! I ended up also using my leftover flowers to make an ornament for a Christmas gift!  they allow you to bring your own (we were not aware of this). Bringing our own case could have saved us a few hundred dollars!"  suggestive & steer you dow the right path... reasonabl turnaround time ....can't go wrong" Thank you Fast Frame!" "A heartbreaking accident left my favorite print damaged. It had belonged to my grandmother and was a representation of her modern style that I loved. It was in pieces  have always been incredibly helpful in finding the best combination of matting and frames.   I just got my mother-in-laws hand painted art work that she created over 60 years ago reframed and they understood the meaning of what I was attempting to recreate. I wouldn't go anywhere else in this town. And one more thing their prices are always fair and the turn around time is excellent." I'd definitely return in the future." I found this place using yelp and I was not disappointed.  Friendly staff who worked with me to stay in my budget.  attention to detail and quality of work.  It was the nicest work they had seen.  You won't find this level of creativity and quality anywhere else in the valley.  So  but just haven't had the time... so I will second everything in David B.'s review.  More later..." "Alan did a beautiful job with two pieces I brought to him. It's my first framing experience in Phoenix The next time I need something framed  but Framin' Works has the latest in technology - Alan set up my materials and we checked out different proportions right there on the computer screen.  It was great to know how my art would look before it was finalized  though I intended to hang the photos in the bathroom "Alan totally helped me out a couple weeks ago when I was in a rush to get a family photo framed. I found him thanks to yelpers stating how awesome he was- and they were 100% right. He was friendly  great service and equally excellent quality of work. Good selection of frames & mats. I highly recommend Framin' Works - all my framing work will continue to go here." "Found Framing' Works on Yelp...  Shop was tricky to find but once there all was good.  Alan was great to work with...patient while trying to put the perfect mat and frame together for my husband's Christmas gift.  A few weeks out This store is great. Helpful and friendly. They have paper and crayons for kids. They gave me a coupon and a free print! Professional framing done right is totally worth it.  The folks at Framin' Works really know what they are doing technically and they have a great eye for what will make your piece of art really pop.  Not to mention that I am always happy to support awesome local businesses."  they went the extra mile when I was in the store. They let me bring in my puppy and even gave him a treat which in hot Az is a big help. They also got me a couple options of stock frame which was above and beyond. Great local business Was referred by a family member a few years ago and they have never disappointed. Allen has always gotten my holiday framing projects done on schedule and at the highest quality. They've even coached me through sizing and canvas issues when I've enlarged photos all of which have turned out great. Take a look for yourself...  and gone to Michaels for all my framing needs. The picture I had was so large that I decided to call them with the dimensions of the picture and tell them what I was looking to have done. The lowest prices they quoted me was almost $400 I will definitely be back and recommending Framin' Works to friends." We just picked up two pictures we had framed. Beautiful work! Love that they took the time to go over different matte and frame options. They have so many unique choices. We couldn't be more pleased and will definitely use them again! And since I go there a lot I know they aren't marking up there prices!  They have a great selection & the people have always been very helpful & nice.  I have also run in there when I need an item to finish up a painting (there paint supplies are a bit pricey) but there frames are great! Don't go during the lunch hour as they share there lot with several popular restaurants!"  and good prices.  Sure the price isn't going to top the deals you can get with coupons at Michael's My only negative comment.  The Katubah looks so good in its frame that we want to hang it now." I definitely recommend this place for any framing you need to do." My husband and I were doing errands and on our way to Michael's to frame two items. He saw Aaron's Brothers and I am so glad he did. They were so helpful and picked out items that made everything so easy and reasonable!!!! Thank you! "I can't recommend this place enough - we had a world map measuring 4 feet by 6 feet; the staff at Aaron Brothers was great in helping us get a good looking frame for a great price (cheaper than several other places we checked) My husband and I needed a frame for one of our photos so we ended up at Aaron Brothers. The staff was incredibly friendly and helped us find exactly what we needed. They have a really unique selection of frames too! I'm definitely a fan.  and they have a buy one get one for a penny sale often enough that you can score some serious deals. They have every possible size and shape frame and when there is a sale on or if you have a coupon it's really no more expensive than Michael's or other bigger box stores. Great selection of art/craft supplies and fun stuff for the kids as well. I feel like Aaron Brothers is kind of a sleeper but more people should put it in their rotation." Was quoted over $150 to replace a piece of glass on a picture.  Went to a local independent frame shop and had the glass replaced for under $39 including remounting the picture. Seems a good bet that the Aaron Brothers are related to the James Brothers.  The only difference is that Jesse and Frank didn't have a website! Love the people here. So friendly and genuinely interested in helping you. Very reasonable prices. Beth and Nicola were fun and knowledgable!  and for the small art section they do have some more unique items that you don't necessarily find at a Michaels. However 90% of the items are not labeled properly or have no price tags so I found myself constantly having to bring items one by one as I found them and ask for the price. I actually ended up buying something I thought was $5 less because the whole lot was advertised wrong. It was extremely frustrating because I brought in a family member and talked up the store and their ""Storewide"" Summer Sale  friendly and helped me pick out a frame/matt combination that looked excellent.  Took about a week to get it back and am very pleased." 