The breakfast crepes with the soytang sauce are enough to drag me out of bed on the weekend that's how good they are.   And let's not even talk about all the sweet crepes full of chocolately goodness that you can order.  keep in mind you'll be waiting in a line to order- the line does pause until more tables open up  but even he likes this place. alot. we live right around the corner from this place; can't believe our luck! and tea drinkers--this is your spot! lots of fun mags  all of them are just plain great. The restaurant is actually a tiny basement of a Shadyside-style home. They try hard to make it feel like France by making it narrow Salmon dishes or anything with nutella is amazing. They also have Orangina!"  my wife got up and we walked out of this place. The food could very well be good - but with waitstaff like this woman - there are plentty of other places around town with not-so crummy service that I'd prefer to spend my money." A + check it out next time you are in Shadyside!"  and they are closed for some inexplicable reason. Or they're super crowded..." Man I miss this place."  well maybe this is part of the authentic Frecnch experience.  You do feel the need to eat quickly because of  the other customers eyeing you up for the precious few seats available.  Outside of the venue and service the crepes are the best I've ever had in Pittsburgh and if the service and venue was better this  could easily be four or maybe even five stars.  I had the smoked salmon with creme fraiche' and it was perfect.  It had great quality ingredients and was truly delicious.  A friend had the ham and cheese which was also excellent and another had  just a  traditional crepe with maple syrup.  This was also a smashing success.  I think the owner needs to share with his young staff some of the hospitality he showed my friends My mouth is watering just thinking of the yummy food!" I had a salmon crepe here & it was delicious - broke me out of the habit of mostly eating dessert crepes. The only downside is that they only take cash... but there is an ATM just down the street. This is a great place to meet up with an old friend or acquaintance.  but it does need a little updating.  Chairs are uncomfortable.  Service isn't that great.  But "Crepes Parisiennes in Shadyside is absolutely scrumptious and many people agree because this place and the Craig Street (Oakland) location are always busy.  It's the perfect place for a light brunch or lunch with a couple people (whoever since it's casual... friends  I usually decide it isn't worth the bother and go somewhere else."  and as long as you don't go there during a peak period "Nice cozy underground restaurant that serves crepes and a great Cafe au lait.  They have plenty of sweet crepes and a few savory ones.  They could add a couple more savory ones My party and I left to go to another restaurant.  I've not eaten any crepe in the world that would justify a long wait under such annoying circumstances  Chicago).  The guy who makes the crepes is a true expert and watching him whip up dozens of crepes is so much fun! I get the egg and cheese crepe with added mushrooms and order with the garlic oil base.  They serve all of the savory crepes with a tiny side salad with mandarin orange slices.  Although it's small  I did go to a place in Key West of all places that used some sort of Buckwheat or whole wheat batter for their savory crepes that was really really great.  It would be great if Crepes Parisiennes could adapt that.  My only other issue is that the place is a tad pricey." P.S. - BRING CASH. They do not accept credit cards."  but the dessert crepes (chocolate and orange! banana!) are also delicious. The little salad of greens and orange slices that comes with the savory crepes is a great addition. Go here when you're feeling cosmopolitan."  but it's great to have the restaurant to fulfill crepe cravings :)"  quite a lovely experience but I'm not sure it was enough to lure me back to the dark side  it seems that their attitude is to give any rudeness you give them right back.  Be polite  the staff is extremely rude and LOVES to make loud examples of people not familiar with their system. I've chosen never to eat here again due to the staff." The Savory crepes were better than the sweet crepes which were a disappointment. The service was suprisingly snooty considering this is low key place.  and I plan to order a savory crepe every time I go back (with cash in-hand)!" cmGR1HS9ms233roSllcglw They may have some mildly unpleasant unpopular 'rules' but I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here and plan on returning." Love Crepes Parisiennes  too skimpy and thus overpowered by the crepes wrap. But it was the attitude of the owner that turned me off the establishment. I was in Pittsburgh visiting a relative with terminal cancer at the nearby hospital ; she had requested a breakfast crepes so I found Cafe Parisiennes through Yelp. We were in a hurry because of limited visiting hours. The sign said the Cafe opened at 10:00AM "Closed on Monday's? And closed 5 30 to 6 1? Wow. The prices on the menu don't seem that bad. But i still cant get over the fact there closed on Mondays. There is a sign posted ""help wanted"" so if anyone reads this and needs a job check this place out. And tell them to open on Mondays. BOOOOO  or are visiting you are doing yourself a disservice by not treating yourself to this absolutely fabulous  those crepes are really damn good.  I'll go back soon."  and normally behind the crepe maker.  This is a great place to have brunch or dessert- they also have sweet crepes (Nutella and banana is my favorite)- so be sure to check it out. It's right off of Walnut Street  and there was no such thing as atmosphere.  I could be convinced to go back and give it another try if a friend wanted to check it out  nothing special.  I've had much lighter (crepes here were a bit heavier than they should be) and more authentic crepes elsewhere.  The other thing I do not like about this place are their hours. They are closed by 4pm and on Mondays This place gets packed on the weekends yet the service has always been impeccable. They even bring my dessert crepe out after my meal!"  I would recommend giving it a try. On the other hand  but the staff knows that and won't make your food until you have somewhere to sit so it's not like you're standing around with food and nowhere to sit."  Pittsburgh has cash only parking meters. The meters on Craig St. are 1 hour max but I absolutely love Paris and so was glad to see that there was a crepe place near me. I've been to both locations of Crepes Parisiennes though the other on Craig Street feels less comfortable and homey than Filbert Street. There are more props up in the Filbert Street and I'm not talking about the stacks of nutella that they have. I've had both their savory (comes with side salad) and sweet crepes - which are all delicious. Not exactly like what you would get in Paris at a food stand (sugar crepe wrapped in paper) but is enough to bring back nostalgia of my visit so I am a fan. The wait has never been terrible and the staff has been friendly. I believe they are cash only which is a bit of a bummer.  in Pittsburgh though I haven't been able to find it outside of Paris since.  The crpes are authentic and lovely and they definitely serve it up with some authentic French manners.  When you go Hot Tip:  Cash only!  Come on off peak times because it's tiny and you'll be hard pressed to find a seat during lunch hours or Saturday Sunday brunch."  usually a good day to visit the Shadyside Crepes. Chances are you won't have a wait." I used to come here EVERY single weekend my freshman year of college. I'm several years out of college but come back here fondly whenever I visit Pittsburgh. It's been almost ten years since I started going to this restaurant Make sure to bring cash as it's cash only!" I would not have had a problem had the counter girl not lied to us.  Adhering to restaurant policy is one thing but outright lying to us is quite another.  I am a reasonable person and my boyfriend is one of the most easy-going and accepting folks I know; we're fine if you have to limit the menu due to lack of ingredients or time.  But to blatantly lie to us?  Guess what ...but it is totally worth the wait.  The sweet crepes are my favorite  melted cheese in a crepe is good. Know what else is good? ANY melted cheese from any breakfast place and Not having to endure this hell hole. I am just upset that I went there in the early part of my day and am now in a foul mood as a result. I have been in Pittsburgh a few weeks and this place is without rival the worst brunch I've ever had (PA or CA) So I recommend any of the crepes." No complaints about this cozy little creperie."  And will come to recognize you if you are a repeat customer. The ordering and seating routine is a little unusual. You stand in line and place an order and then get a number. Only then are you supposed to sit at a table. This does make sense since people cannot just sit at a table when there's a long line of people waiting to order. Just an FYI. The crapes are simple Like the waiter and waitress there  bookshop or breakfast joint. The charming feel of crepes  parisiennes tucked away from the rest of Shadyside proves my theory right once again." "Boom! I love this place and I'm a 6'3"" man with an appetite! Every time people want to go I think great crepes and Ill be hungry right after I eat but damn I am wrong with this place.   Breakfast crepe is my choice but they all look amazing. This place fills up fast so get in line order and grab a table. EAT!"  but I normally go for late lunch on weekdays and have no problem at all getting a table right away or my food coming out quickly. I avoid Saturday mornings here." Cash only.  I'll probably be back.  Check it out." Y7CBxIakjEK2OnU9uPaSpQ I will be back when I am in town." My only complaint is that I don't really get very full eating here. And it's kind of pricey for not getting you full. But whatever! Delicious. I really hope it's not closed." http:  www.mcninchhouserestaurant.com " I feel that the ambiance was what really won me over and if I were ever to go back it would again be on my Boss' dime!!" "I am going to keep this simple. My wife and I ate dinner at the McNinch house for our 5 year anniversary. The place was so slow. The valet guy was our waiter and bus boy. (probably the chef also McNinch House is such a special place to experience an amazing meal. It's pricey and well worth every penny: I'm still talking about my meal 2.5 years later. We probably spent about $400 all in  the house is stunning and historic if you like antiques and victorian style decor.  The wine tastings are $20 bucks per person and include usually 7 or so wines and heavy apps.  You can wander throughout the downstairs or on the peaceful porch with your wine.  It is the perfect Monday happy hour!  Love you McNinch!!!  :-D"  I remember the experience like it was yesterday.  For a proper experience be prepared to pay in excess of $200 per person for the entrees and wine pairing.  My wife and I opted for the Chef's tasting menu  all delicious. Next visit I will definitely try the chefs tasting menu. Don't be put off by the number of courses  a pleasant experience but doesn't live up to the reviews or the price tag.  My guess is they do much better for a standard service rather than a banquet service of 40 people." Four star 4 diamond yea right."  it was good but not great. If you're interested in a romantic dinner in a charming home We went to this resturant for our anniversary. I loved the atmosphere.  It was like we had gone back into time.  I think that is the idea.  This is an old house with a lot of elegance.  The service was excellent.  We did the bistro menu which is three courses plus sorbet.  The first course was the best. Fried green tomato with a crab cake.  I have never had a fried green tomato like this one.  It was absolutely incredible. The crab cake was also excellent. The ribeye was OK. It wasn't my favorite part of the meal but it was good. I wasn't expecting such a smoked flavor.  The dessert was fabulous.  They gave me a rose and gave us glasses of champagne because it was our anniversary. Very romantic pace for dinner.  service and staff were nothing short of superb. Thank you for a wonderful night."  George's Brasserie.  We thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience here."  and so moist. None of that powdery or clumpy feel that you get at a factory. Served with a bourbon-vanilla-cream sauce on the plate. The sauce was sweet We had a 5-course meal and wine pairings.  The wine is why I gave it 2-stars; otherwise would've been worse as food was very bland.  No creativity to the cooking.  I enjoy extremely nice meals but McNinch is way overpriced for what you get.  but there was not an extra line to charge my card.   Bravo for such a wonderful and memorable evening!"  McNinch is a must do for locals and people visiting alike." A fantastic evening and Wesley could not have been a more pleasant wine steward. Atmosphere truly for the Christmas season. Yes our next special outing will be the McNinch House. Be sure you get the crab cake appetizers!!!!! For that special occasion with that special person I hope to someday return to McNinch House. I do recommend this restaurant with some reservation (but not the food - it was wonderful.)"  the classical music playing is somewhat cliche of a 1980s movie scene where a ragamuffin walks in and every turns and looks at them I have been several times for special occasions. I am never disappointed at the food or service. This place knows fine dinning. You dont go for a quick meal. Its all about the experience at this restaurant. Absolutely do the wine pairing. I've been to a lot of REALLY nice places but the McNinch House left the biggest impression. I was really pleased with not only the food and decor but the level of care and professionalism demonstrated by Corey and Wesley. I went with a friend and we spent about $400. It was worth every penny. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to big groups unless you can keep the noise down. I'll definitely be back.  I felt the salmon was overcooked.  I found that the filet was also a little more medium than I would have liked (I like medium-rare).  I wasn't asked how I wanted anything prepared The only reason I give it 4 5 is because it says there is valet but when you pull up we were confused by the sign and no one came out even though we waited.  We parked anyways in the back and walked in and didn't get greeted.  We had to ask another man what we were supposed to do.  So it took awhile to get started but once we were settled everything was amazing."  which means the valet much have hit the wrong button when pulling my car up and thankfully it didnt come open during the trip home." Overall.. I guess we would say we liked the McNinch House. I don't think they had the best food in Charlotte for our palate but they've been awarded 15th consecutive Four Diamond designation from AAA and are listed as one of the top ""extraordinary"" restaurants in America by Zagat's Dining Guide Easily the best and most romantic restaurant in Charlotte!! This tiny establishment has THE HIGHEST rating in Charlotte (they are a five star -four diamond). The chief is amazing and always willing to change the menu around to fit your needs. I hate sweet potato but decided to try their sweet potato appetizer and it was to die for. The staff are extremely attentive and very delightful. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a night to remember!! The problem is that the portions are so tiny that we were practically hungry when our courses were finished. I'm well aware that in fine dining establishments the portions tend to be small. I've been to enough very high end restaurants to understand that. However  but the food is not what you expect from a resturant of this caliber. The flavor profile on each dish was off and odd. The steak was overcooked. The cheesecake looked and tasted like it was a store bought frozen dessert. Very disappointing and unexceptable for a resturant rated this high. Yes   it's a lot and very rich. Excellent new (for me) and creative dishes. Wesley running the wine pairings is also tremendous." Quick Shoutout to the woman how sat behind us who felt it OK to blow her nose for 2.5 hours while we ate."  but definitely worth every penny. They do have a full bar as wel as someone to walk you through an amazing wine selection of you choose to go that way."  that wine was not included and was a $300 bottle. A heads up would have been nice before they popped the cork and handed us the check: That was shady McNinch House. I've eaten all over the world never had that ""miscommunication."" Also  which was cool. The food exceptional. Was given a cantaloupe gazpacho to starts things off. Yummy! I had crab cakes and a beet salad for starters. Wonderful! Then green apple sorbet before the main course "Average at best. Went there for the experience and got out with a bill of over $1200.00 ( for two ) and a case of disappointment ( acute). People ( restaurants) do not understand that fine dinning is not just expensive food. Fine dinning is a "" standard "" that everyone in the place ( especially the owner and chef) should keep. It does not matter where in the world the place may be at from the beginning to the end of the meal the customer ought to feel like royalty ( every customer). Maybe I am spoiled after been to Bouley restaurant and Daniel restaurant the two in New York City But when it's called fine dinning It should be so   try not to let the staff upsale you with beer or wine. They make a great case  they know everytime which table and server that we like to have. And their dessert ... goodness just so delicious. We typically go with the Amaretto Meltdown. We love it so much  although I have walked out completely stuffed and pleasantly buzzed. We will keep coming back every year to celebrate our anniversary My absolute favorite restaurant in the world.  We go regularly (once a month) and it is always consistently wonderful.  The wait staff is great and helpful for anyone new to fondue.  I recomment the teriyaki steak and shrimp with the court bouillion cooking style.  It's not on the menu but their Italian dressing is delicious and available for sale.  It's the only place I'll sneak out on a work night to go eat at. Melting Pot is not the type of place you go weekly or monthly because I really feel like you need to be in the mood for the whole experience and for the almost painfully full feeling you will most definitely have when you leave.  But its great for special occasions or to help out a good cause." Whether you want just a cheese fondue or you're going full on three course  so I highly recommend not wearing clothing that isn't easy to wash into the Melting Pot "I like the food and the whole fondue experience of the Melting Pot but I give this place only 2 stars because on my last 2 visits uDoTFFud2mXE3VT1Jt9L5A I was here this past Saturday and this visit was no exception. Great service and excellent food. Our waiter was very funny and amiable. I got the Caribbean and all of the meat and seafood was super high quality. The wine list is divine (great beer selections too!). I left smelling like stew and looking like I had a fresh facial from all the steam....all good things. Cant wait to see you again next Restaurant week my sassy splurge!" Service is always great and the staff is dedicated to making sure you have everything you need as well as explaining to you how to cook your food the correct way." I always enjoy the cheese portion the most. The preparation here ranged from excellent to average with the average being a 3 cheese blend where they were way too heavy handed with the wine at the start so that was the dominant flavor by far." I can't wait until my next visit!" I've been to this one twice & haven't had any issues - both times I had reservations & they were on time. The staff is always friendly & attentive."  it definitely loses most of the romantic feel with the bartender making drinks constantly and a tv in front of you this is a nice strange of pace for a night out. allowing plenty of time to talk and eat slowly and just enjoy the company of the person you are with. i would love to go back only the cost is a little high to go regularly"  but it coulda been better. I normally wouldn't be able to afford more than one course here but at $30 for everything during restaurant week it's a hella great deal."  but I got tired of it pretty quick.  How many items do you want to try covered in melted cheese?  The salad was good.  But the main dish was a big disappointment.  I got the meat selection.  You basically end up with boiled steak and chicken.  It wasn't good at all.  The dipping sauces were good Omg can you say awesome fondue! Love this place.  it just doesn't get any better.  The luscious melted chocolate creations are all good.  And if you run out of your favorite dipper 5) or want to treat someone you care about who is isn't particular in general Go hungry and portion out a good 2 hours.  It is truly an experience!"  The Big Night Out is $75-$100 per couple...but that includes cheese fondue  Steven called me to go over my review and to chat in order to improve their business. I think this is awesome! Remember how I said we had asked another employee for more veggies and dips? It was him! He was amazing and had even tried to see if they had an extra two burner table at the beginning of the meal. With people like him the Melting Pot will always be in business."  but this is a staple for restaurant week."  they managed to get us in and out within an hour and a half without feeling too rushed (that's crazy fast for 4 courses). We has both the Fiesta and Swiss cheese fondue  for making our just-about-3 year old Daughter's first experience at your restaurant so special! Great meal "We had an amazing time visiting this restaurant recently to celebrate my sister's birthday. Its hard to find something special for her because she eats gluten free. They exceeded our expectations with the amount of thought and effort they put into making the experience great for all of us  etc. He definitely made sure we didn't have any questions. The food was just OK. I went more for the experience with my friends and really enjoyed myself. I would go back for a special occasion but probably not anytime soon. It truly does cost a lot of money to cook your own food."  because for $30 a person it truly is a smashing deal for a three-hour foodie experience.  Make sure you CALL the restaurant to make a reservation if you have more than 4 in your party because often times a party of 6 or more will allow you to get 2 burners at the table.  The menu during RW allows you to try the cheese fondue course (we really like the Spinach Artichoke dip one and the cheddar is really good too!) We had a group of 15 and we all split 5 cheese and 5 chocolate. They were all good and it was awesome to hang out with them. However  our server was the best! So knowledgable and charming. What a wonderful date night. excellent food  when paying a minimum of $30 a head for dinner I'd like to think I'm paying for a chef's skill and training in producing good food.  Here you get all the basic building blocks and do the final work yourself.  I know it's novel Brandon was a charming and competent and funny and hot server. The manager treated us well. Teriyaki sirloin is great. We had the oil and batter cooking style and skipped the batter most of the time. The sauces are good but it would be nice to have a list in the menu: maybe it's there and I missed it in the low light. The spinach artichoke cheese was ok but I wish we'd stopped him before the second spoonful of garlic went in. Recommend the Absolut Stress cocktail over the Strawberry Blonde. My date discovered that she likes blue cheese. Bring on the chocolate! In general I liked it. I'd say it can be a good romantic place for couples. Find time when you are not in rush and can spend and enjoy the food and each others company for about 3 hours since you'll be cooking in the pots right in front of you on your table. Can be a good unrushed experience. Thanks Melting Pot!"  never a wait in between and they were definitely packed. We asked for specifics and he definitely delivered with our requests and didn't have to be reminded. I definitely recommend this place and Ted." Thank you Melting Pot for a tremendous dinner... birthday celebration round 5."  and the occasional wait time to see the waitress this was fantastic. Definitely moved the Melting Pot back up onto our list of favorites!"  and grapes into the cheese. (The cheese is my favorite part of the whole fondue course) Next you can get a nice decent size salad. After that you can get a choice of meats to dip into boiling water to cook. After that they bring out bananas and deserts to dip into hot chocolate and you can choice your type of chocolate to. I prefer the Flaming Turtle chocolate. So yea this has to be a great choice to anybody to take the family out or a birthday dinner or a date night." "We went for date night special the other night... it was ok.  It did not do the meal total justice.  Our service was great.  It was missing a couple of key things like graham crackers do not substitute for a slice of cheesecake? I was disappointed and then the dessert was slyly slipped in as extra but a special price for the four of you "The food is amazing. Ask for Dave as your waiter. He is very knowledgable  very fresh and a pleasant relaxing environment.  Smore's martini makes my girlfriend smile every time!" I wanted to finally write a review because yesterday for Fathers day I had such great service from Dave. He made sure we got extra of everything we like Came here with my boyfriend to celebrate our anniversary and it was an interesting wonderful experience. The staff wished us a happy anniversary and gave us a card. They were nice and our server was attentitive. The place looks pretty nice also. I thought all of the courses were good but of course with a sweet tooth like mine my favorite would be the chocolate fondue. We got the yin and yang one and it was pretty good. Hope to come here again and try the other ones that they have.  and maybe Shallots).  Server also recommended mixing the teriyaki glaze and curry together and my wife loved that.  Spicy cocktail was awesome on shrimp and gorgonzola was creamy and great on the beef.  My wife is all about dessert so she wanted the s'mores one...milk chocolate uDoTFFud2mXE3VT1Jt9L5A  the prices are completely ridiculously high. You do not get a lot of food for the price. Our check was over $120 and that's a ridiculous price to pay for tiny portions of food. I would suggest this to someone who wants a romantic night in town with some experimental fondue styles but I definitely wouldn't go back for that price. For $20 we bought our own fondue pot and tried our own cheese dips  and I added the Pacific Rim's duck. The duck was my favorite. Dessert has been improved by removing the cheesecake in favor of pineapple and blondies. The old cheesecake seemed superfluous- I mean you couldn't dip it. BUT "Excellent service! I went Thursday night and the staff was prompt and courteous. They explained the dishes well and accommodated our large group of 22. Regardless of what some reviewers say this place is not insensitive and would definitely meet any dietary guidelines. In fact OMG!!!! Best place EVER!!! I go there every year for my birthday. I love how many they options that they have. Also the dessert is AMAZING!!!!! Thank you and I look forward to our return visits!!!"  wonderful atmosphere! It is more main steam than before but the food is still great!" Amanda or waitress was wonderful! She explained all the options and specials with flare and was super helpful with substituting some of the options bc my fiance is a vegetarian. This was a wonderful 1st experience at the Melting Pot! This was my first time for fondue. We had a great experience. The food was delicious and well presented and the service was excellent. The waitress and crew had been with The Melting Pot franchise for a combined 30 years. That really says a lot about a business. The pride they feel combined with great attitudes makes this a memorable occasion.  I cannot rave enough about the service. The staff wrote me a card to congratulate me on the engagement and brought a candle on our desert dippers for our birthday girl in the group. So incredibly happy with everything that I had to let you all know the moment I got home! Thank you melting pot!" Dave Y was great!! We had our 14 month old with us so he knew we had a time limit. He made sure to bring the courses quickly along with the check! He suggested the cheesecake add on to go with the chocolate and it was delicious. Thank you for the great service! "This is my favorite dining experience - the more people you go with the more fun it is. It's a 3 hours dining experience - It's worth it! I highly recommend the mushroom salad - it might not be on the menu anymore but My wife and I where in Charlotte for our anniversary and had a fantastic time!  We had the four course meal.  Our server was great and very knowledgable about the menu.  Food was great it was a neat experience cooking our own food.  We would definitely return to The Melting Pot! The service is great and I recommend it to everyone. Enjoy and have a great time!!" Always a special experience at Melting Pot. The bf and I visited Easter Sunday for the special they were running. Sean was our waiter and he was awesome. I didn't catch the manager's name but they both were very accommodating to our special dietary requests. They made our meal personalized to our taste and because of that we will definitely be back very soon! I've been to Melting Pot over the years may times and I have to say I'm still a fan. My wife and I recently took our two boys (12 & 9 yrs.) and they had a blast. They loved having the options to 'cook' their own skewers of food. And of course how could they not like the desert options. Our waiter even let us order two different chocolate tastings for the desert course as our boys couldn't decide on just one. Fun place to eat with a group and enjoy conversation. I highly recommend this place if you plan on proposing marriage or announcing to a loved one that you are free of herpes for those special occasions."  or seafood. The herb crusted pork was especially delicious. Although there are so many other cooking styles to chose from I have no clue how we managed to eat all that food....but I'd absolutely go back to this place with no hesitation. With great service and food and an awesome overall dining experience....I'm totally a fan!!!"   everything exactly as it should be.   Flawless reservation and group planning experience as well.   They make it easy to host a nice dinner.   It's a rare occasion that the host can have as much fun as the guests.   Highly recommend."   kept an eye on us the entire time while never hovering.  This was perfect as I was there with my girlfriend for our 1 year anniversary. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to celebrate an occasion."  when the waiter came back he told me they ran to the gas station next door to get me a Mello Yellow. How awesome is that?!?! The food was amazing the wait staff was spectacular and I can not wait to come back! Also at my table was a card for mine and my boyfriends anniversary signed by a lot of the staff! Definitely an A+ experience  love it here and highly recommend it!" Excellent service. Complimentary valet. Did a RSVP and got sat right Away. It was my birthday and they made it so special! There was a card waiting for me on the table. After dinner they took a picture of us and gave it to us. Fiesta cheese was good and spicy! House salad was great! My favorite is the salmon and shrimp! The garlic and wine seasoning is awesome! Excellent server! Turtle chocolate was delicious! I am big on the ""experience"" of going out to eat- if I am taking the time and money to eat outside of my home  especially if you like cheese and chocolate (who doesn't?). Customer service is always ""on pointe."" The waiters and waitresses are very attentive  but its okay to get your hands a little messy... especially with the chocolate! The service was impeccable and very knowledgeable with answering questions. I would definitely recommend reservations because they can get busy fast and also check out the menu online to kind of get the feel of what to expect! I even bought a fondue set for home after having so much fun and delicious creations!"  experience and service. The staff really makes a special occasion even nicer!" The service here is always good.  There are a few that's our favorites because they talk and joke wth us but everyone is very professional and nice.  The manager here is AWESOME.  He always stops by and greets us and checks on things because he sees our name on the reservations.  As you see with my review you can make this experience custom to the way you would like it and you will get every bit of your money's worth.  I highly recommend." Food is always great. Best spot in Charlotte for a 1st date. The wine list is top notch. You will not be disappointed.  but the quality and service is good.  I do think the experience and quality are well worth it."  itty bitty peaches of fudge. 50 dollars? advertised for 24.95" I called to say I was going to be ten minutes late.  We waited over a forty-five minutes and we are still waiting for a table.  Not what is expected. They have complimentary valet parking for nights they are busy." """Had reservations....didnt have to wait any time at all....asked to be seated close to front door for ease of use for my handicapped mother....first table inside door. Was celebrating my birthday and staff signed a card and made it very personal for myself. I believe he is the GM but he visited our table numerous times and was very personable...not all about business but engaged like he knew us for years. Waiter was fantastic. Aaron made suggestions....which we took...especially the curryacki....or however you spell....curry and teriaki suaced combined.....WOW....great with all food. Aaron was not pushy...we ate at our own pace and had a fantastic night and my birthday was great"""  the melting pot is overrated AF.  People only go here to tell someone they went to ""The Melting Pot"".  Smells gross all the time Love the melting pot! I could eat the cheese and chocolate fondue anyday! I am not too crazy about the entree fondue but it's good and fun. Staff is very friendly. and helpful. This location has a lot of good deals throughout the week.  (if you have ever eaten here before you can understand why this is a problem) then we were rushed out because the waitress said she needed to go home but wasn't allowed too leave until she was finished serving us. And no we didn't come at a strange time or anything....  Horrible experience the last time we ate here ** warning not a good first date restaurant because you will be there for at least 2 hours and don't want to get stuck with awkward conversation ;)"  and the host's antique sled podium near the fancy peacock stained glass light fixture is pretty." So the food was pretty good (but I still want to give it a try for dinner) I also must say that the atmosphere is adorable - from the the beautiful old bar Well worth a trip for brunch."  and a little tip from me to you: don't order any champagne!  It seems regardless of which one you choose  but the actual crepe....so disappointing.  If you're going to call yourself a creperie...don't serve a dried out tortilla and call it a crepe." Also love the decor--the ad for pre-mixed martinis in the bathroom made me laugh out loud."  and some of it was pretty bad.  I think this might be a good place to go just for drinks and dessert or something Carmon's have also announced a very nicely priced Wednesday night Crepe/Wine flight for $28...reservations at 217 352 5880" I am such a huge fan." I personally love not being overwhelmed with a plate piled with cheap 'filler' ingredients. and that is what they avoid."  I am in LOVE with their dessert crepes - specifically the bananas foster crepe.  It was absolutely amazing!  I highly recommend ordering this item!"  the taste of red wine and mushrooms was ever so slight yet in perfect proportion to the overall taste. And the coffee was probably the most delicious cup of joe I've ever had. The mrs loves the baguette french toast and the bloody marys are outstanding as well. The smoked salt that is used to flavor the butter is also spectacular.  There is an amazing amount of flavor packed into each grain of salt. Very cool. Overall  you've got to make the experience worth it. i honestly don't know what the people raving about this place are talking about when it comes to the most delicious food they've ever had. the crepe i had was waaaay too salty Overall if you're looking for good steak and good crepes The food was very tasty although the portions are not large enough for a typical American belly. The place is clean and kind of cool with friendly service. A great place to take your parents. **A special thanks to Matthew L. for helping with this review!"  I'll go somewhere guests are actually appreciated and the food doesn't take effing four hours to get to my table  good service.  awesome restroom.  beautifully decorated." Beautiful ambiance...just adorable." Thanks but no thanks. We refuse to come to Carmon's ever again. We left the discount card on the table." We were both really disappointed in this local eatery  try to sit in the closed off booth or by the window :)"  but for the occasional breakfast.  I'm glad to say that I've tried all of their crepes by now  so they're clearly overpricing here. Price is the only reason I won't come back so often."  I have also branched out to quiches and desserts.  Delish!  Love how they keep in interesting.  Can't wait to go back."  and less delicate than the stereotypical French cuisine.  The menu is small is its a little more expensive than the average place in CU but the food we ate was tasty The crepes were great. The service was great. Our server (#7? possibly the owner?) was quite jolly. I'll go again sometime."  but I'll certainly take it over the usual dining spots that serve a tasty and original breakfast.  Either way - I can honestly say that the next breakfast/brunch opportunity I have in Champaign will most likely lead me back to Carmon's."  albeit a little pricey to go all the time." "Love crepes! I've always eaten them as desserts with chocolate and banana nutella. I've been to Paris twice and make a point to eat them when I'm there G7td0ad3wqtEODTJpNjEZQ "Great place for a fancy breakfast. I love coming here for crepes The main demerit was that the service was a bit awkward and it made me uncomfortable at times  who we also had during the first visit.  He is an absolute hoot.  He definitely adds to the pleasurable experience.  I suspect we will return to Carmon's for brunch during our next visit." I'd definitely go back -- when I've saved some more pennies." "Carmon's is a restaurant reminiscent of a small specialty restaurant in Europe.  It only does a few things Not worth the hassle. Try Original House of Pancakes for Breakfast Instead"  but this Gruyre balances out the saltiness of the ham really well.  The apple chutney adds a dash of sweetness to the mix and all the flavors just meld in your mouth to a wordless sound of pleasure. Highly recommended!" "The service is wonderful. I have always been seated right away and the servers seem happy to help. They have a wonderful wine selection and the food is fabulous. They have a variety of crepes and quiches. There is always a special for the day. Today I had a wonderful goat cheese quiche. It was the special and came with a salad. Unfortunately  laughs and a delightful afternoon that will go down in our  ""BEST OF list""...of great memories and great everything!" Seafood St. Jacque crepe ftw. Expensive there but worth it for this incredible crepe. Carmon's Restaurant has closed.  But the space has been reincarnated as Carmon's Bistro.  So look for reviews of Carmon's Bistro! "I'm very firm with my belief that food can only do so much for a restaurant. Shitty service means a shitty review The wine selection is excellent. The cheese selection is also excellent though I would have liked a little better recommendations." I hope that our fellow SF Yelper didn't receive any funky odor and that it was a stale rarity. And for now  but it has a gourmet menu.  The cuts were tough and just weren't prepared well.  The steak was very inconsistent What is happening to fine dining in this town? Where else can I go? Please. PLEASE! Tell me." ET9VpUk1UgjMN5DJRV0yOw  what a beautiful space! I felt like I was in New York City! There is an attached lounge called Crush that is relaxing but also a nice place for a pre/post dinner drink. I found the staff to be very attentive and the food to be fantastic. Try the roasted bell pepper soup and the hanger steak. The french fries are to die for! We were able to watch the kitchen staff working in the open kitchen which was also fun." http://www.yelp.com/biz/christophers-restaurant-crush-lounge-phoenix#hrid:Ky2zEWU60r5NptvvY6GDWw" Dine at your own risk."  mais certains des autres articles ne sont pas aussi bons que vous voudriez qu'ils soient. Je devine des thats pourquoi celui dans la place de mode s'est ferm."  but if you just think ""theme restaurant"" you might actually enjoy it." This place is not there anymore. My mom drove me all the way over there yesterday and it wasn't there.  We should have checked Yelp first.  I looked on their website and it looks like there aren't any in Arizona anymore. My mom was very disappointed.  to bad they left town. I love the cafeteria style that almost non existent now a days." "A true French cafe serving authentic French fare hidden in a cluster of tall office buildings.  Look no farther for pastries  the after dinner or before movie treats here are very good." Minus one star for the Malthusian disaster that is the Esplanade parking garage."  I entertained myself during my meal by reading through a french recipe magazine.  Marveilleux!" I really must return soon to sample more of the lunch fare."  there are some drawbacks. My frequent dining companion usually gets a sandwich Yet I keep coming back like a battered wife. Maybe it's the way the owner exclaims ""Bon Appetit!"" as he's serving your meal. And he means it. It's adorable." Highlight: Don't know what to get? Ask for a recommendation. You won't be sorry." "Not the best croissant I've had and the almondine was a bit tough.  The owners are very pleasant in that European way and make you feel welcome.  I'll have to try them for a Euro sandwich sometime since I seem to like them better than I liked their pastry.  Sometimes its not just about the food  sent me a very sweet message thanking me for the business and wishing me a happy holiday. You can't put a price on such good nature!" My mom loved her danish thing that she ate the next morning I want to go back and try an actual meal. But with certainty - it will always be a favorite spot for desert." UPDATE:  Catherine emailed to inform me that they fill their turnovers with ""superpomme  trekking around for lunch near my hotel. I went down a narrow unmarked alley that happened to have a string of shops wedged in between two soul-less office buildings. And there is this authentic french bistro Be sure to check out the quiche lorraine and to try one of the eclairs. The only thing that is painfully missing from this place is having a stock of Orangina in the fridge I left very disappointed with my dinner selection that day Au Petit Four makes me proud to be 1/4th french. Au revoir  so no surprise. I'm very impressed and can't wait to go back." Maybe I came on an off day because it looks like several other reviewers didn't have the freshness problem I did." "Au Petit Four makes amazing French pastries!  I used them for an office catering event Still on a quest for the proper French baguette." I have visited Au Petit Four twice and I love it!  It's very small and has wonderful service.  My favorite reason to visit is dessert!  They have marvelous french pastries!  Breakfast is delicious too!  1/2 a cold sandwich and soup. The soup was a minestrone and it was so fresh! The noodles were nice and firm and there were tons of vegetables and beans. For the sandwich I ordered the Prosciutto & Brie and it was awesome! For 2 lunch combos Their iced coffee is spectacular. The sugar free vanilla and Carmel is straight from France and it makes the perfect blend of refreshing coffee with a huge caffeinated kick. The staff is friendly and they have great seating to stay for awhile and do work. So in summary  warm and inviting with French artwork while music played in the background.  The owner and his wife basically run the show.  They were very friendly and attentive.  I will strive to come here as often as I can so I can fine tune my French.  I have a feeling I will make it through most of their menu! The smoked breast of duck sounded intriguing! j'adore duck!" A great French bakery without having to deal with the French pretension.  The sandwiches are good but the true joy comes from biting into one of their fresh pastries.  Well done Mr. Pierre Dufour.  and chocolate mousse and they are all very smooth and creamy. This place also serve breakfast and lunch menu  but they were out. The waiter suggested the Panini over the Parisian and a salad. The wife ordered the Weekend special only to find they were out of that too? It's the Weekend special on Friday! She settled on salad and Beef Borguignon. The salad was wilted and the dressing was so mild it was hard to tell what it was. My best guess was a quarter-teaspoon of Grey Poupon and 2 oz. of olive oil. Soon my sandwich arrived and it was a slice of lunch-meat and a half slice of Swiss on a grocery store sesame-seed hamburger bun. At that point I was done  stop by and pick up  a sinful treat and head to your movie..definitely worth the money..more than the popcorn!" "The scrambled eggs with croissant were good. Ambiance is non-existent. No french bakery feel at all. The products looked semi-appealing. Had a really hard time trying to find the damn place as it is hidden under a gargantuan office building. I would not by any means call this a ""great"" french bakery." "Pierre and his lovely wife are the very best! True french bakers! Their pastries and sandwiches are delicate and so beautifully made!  True works of art and one can tell they care! Such personable people! If you love true french cakes I really enjoyed this place!!" "they post daily lunch specials in the window...yesterday I had a ham croissant for $5 and it was fantastic! just the right amount of meat The dining experience was elevated by the attentiveness of the owners.  They were extremely friendly and genuinely concerned about my enjoyment of the meal. Oh  be sure to call because they have had to decrease their hours of operation. Also I would not recommend this place and certainly will not go back."  but we drove from Ahwatukee.  So not worth it.  Do not drive to this place.  Do not go out of your way for this place."  this is 2011 and either update your website or inform people if you close early because it is slow. We drove from Southern Scottsdale to Arcadia and it was a waste of time. Also  I could have eaten better at a cafeteria. The price is OUTRAGEOUS! Dinner came to $56 for a cafe?! Ridiculous. It's just not worth it  about three weeks after my initial visit I walked in and went straight to the pastry display. I purchased a couple of croissants and two of what the owner described as King's Torte (an Epiphany staple). Although it set me back almost $20.00  but just came by to tell us the total.  We were all pretty tired and didn't give too much thought of the amounts. I am extremely disappointed 10 items for $48.50 = Average $4.85 per item since we don't know the prices (non alcohol drinks and dessert)!  REALLY?????  I feel a little ripped off." I'm going to try something for breakfast tomorrow and will definitely try it again!" I really love this new location. It look cute and feel like I got lose into France. My favorite are chocolate croissant and black forest cake. To read the rest of Frenchie B.'s review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/au-petit-four-scottsdale#hrid:b6f4KzsK5ApkWZxLumt-SA"  that type of attitude is not needed from those who are related to the owners or who are the owners.   Very disappointing.  Desserts are worth more than Mc D's yes however the attitude is not worth my time  but seemed to be the only one to take care of just about everything except the actual cooking." I think this is a cute little French cafe to stop by for a quick lunch if you are in the area but I would definitely agree with Suzanne S. that it is not a destination restaurant at all.  There are a lot better options nearby." Bottom line: GREAT food  The service was friendly and attentive the lunch specials were good too ! The only disapointing thing is there is no soda fountain but other than that it's all good the pasties were very tasty and I look forward to going back soon."  so here's to the young woman who kills it in the service department! and to all the fresh delicious food!" "Au Petit Four a disappointment to say the least. We ordered Napolean pastry from them to serve at a party. When they were served we found the pastry had been burned. I took them back and indicated that that I was disappointed and that the pastry was not only burned but tasted that way. Rather than apologise we were given the excuse that the pastry wasn't burned they make it that way so the filling doesn't cause the pastry to get soggy. I have had numerous Napoleans and never one that had pastry dough that dark and tasted burned. They also indicated that they sold fifty that day in the cafe and no one complained. I saw the pasty case and there were not fifty left maybe six. I doubt very much if they even sold those. I guess they think that people in Arizona don't have sophisticated taste and they are the only ones that know anything. I have more faith in the people of Arizona and I think they would know the difference between something burned and not  true Frenchman. A very proud owner. Curbside appeal is non existent. The interior is inviting & charming. The pastry display is disappointing & a bit unkept The pastries here are awesome. They are the best in the valley. The owner is really friendly. I love the chocolate ganache and black forest . It is a little expensive but it is well worth the money !! Love this quaint little place. The owner is the sweetest Frenchmen I've met. I stopped in on a rainy morning and had a spinach quiche. Great little place. He told me on Saturday they have special dinners and a Dj. Will be back!! Owners are very nice and friendly. I didn't try much more but it is worth a stop just for that !" "Decided to try something new for our date night and OMG! What a wonderful surprise. Do not be discouraged by the way it looks. The food is amazing and cannot be more authentic. Both  which is sad to see considering the 3 breakfast places adjacent to it had a 30-40min waiting line. I really want Au Petit Four to succeed but they need to overhaul the quality of their food and the attentiveness of their staff. With no customers to make them busy Downside: not a great variety of options for vegetarians like me... but enough that you can repeatedly go back for those few dishes you specifically crave."  lunch and dinner. I thought the prices were pretty steep. The owners were very friendly." Will not go there ever again!"  This place is different-in a good way. If you want a place to enjoy food with your mates this is it. Enjoy food  looked and tasted like it was about 4 days old which surprised us they would serve and charge for that.  Probably won't go back since there are better options in the area  and got rock star parking. Only two of the dozen or so tables were occupied. Although I am not a big fan of the over-enthusiastic greeting Recently went into the ""new"" location and the food is still the same fantastic quality." Had lunch here today with group of 8 people from out of town.  The food was great and the atmosphere was fun and interesting.  Next time will HAVE to try the sweets! If you are in hurry please do not go here and then complain online. This place is so good and one of my favs in Scottsdale." Pierre and daughter were wonderful. The patisserie was superb. Best Pastry in Greater Phoenix As of this review I have not been in for food of a non sugar primary ingredient variety  and very accommodating. Was even offering us to call him for advice if we ever decided to go to France to help us and let us know where to go as it would be easier. The pesto chicken sandwich was good as well. My boyfriend had a sandwich in crepes - which also was shockingly good. They have a multitude of variety for their sandwiches but still light feeling. They give you a good deal of a portion size. They are quick as well. They have a bakery for some pastries - which I want to go back to and take a look at. All their water is bottled too Perhaps their desserts are amazing?" Go to Essence Bakery instead."  thankful and kind.  The food was amazing...ham and cheese crepe and my friends and I shared a napoleon for dessert - just like I remember them in France.  This place is the real deal...check it out!" The atmosphere is simple and ""family owned"". (The croissant  really should get 10 stars)"  then proceeded to handle my food without gloves.  The problem here is that he actually touched my food with his hands as he steadied the food on the spatula.  He then placed my food on the counter This place is nothing wonderful. The croissants are nothing out of the world. They are half the size of what you would get else where and double the price. They are the most expensive I have had in all of US at $4.80 a piece!! They were stale and nothing great and this was in the morning at 8am. Go else where nothing was fresh and safway quality pastry..really!" "This place was great. We enjoyed how small and authentic it was. Low pretense I loved this place.  The food was good. The surroundings were peaceful. The servers were friendly.   Tired of corporate restaurants and was so happy to find a local breakfast place that takes their time to make good food. "I am a BIG fan of french food and found this hidden french family owned restaurant while walking back to my car one afternoon. After looking at the menu outside of the restaurant I added it to one of my ""must try"" restaurants where it sat for a couple months. Finally I made it to breakfast and was pleasantly surprised! There wasn't much going on with the exterior decor of this place and unless you were looking for this place you would easily walk right by and not even notice it. The interior was decorated with pictures and paintings of Paris and France. There are two tables only on the entrance patio and about 20 tables total on the inside. Out of all of the times I have been here there has never been more than 3 other tables filled at a time. Its very quiet with mellow French music playing in the background. The owner has a very sharp french accent which I really enjoy and it always brings back a lot of great memories of my past trips to France. There were a lot of great options to choose from on the menu. I myself am a HUGE fan of the crepes and swear by them and they are cooked to perfection and there are a ton of great choices to choose from. The eggs benedict is also amazing! I have only had the breakfast here and its as good as the phenomenal and authentic food I have experienced throughout France. The service here has always been great. The pastries are wonderful if you like sweets and croissants also are a great choice and literally melt in your mouth. Overall Word of advice: get rid of all the gimicky advertisements including the sign for the casino. Make it into a french cafe NOT a billboard in Times Square."  they smelled like the fridge they were kept in. The macaroon was so old and crunchy that I spit it out. One bite of the tiramisu and I threw it out. Don't waste your money at this place. $12 for two very gross pastries."  cafe and patisserie. Eat the quiche. Skip the coffee." Quiet little place. We stopped buy and got some croissants and tiramisu OMG very light and delish!! Would take some pics but we ate them all. Love this place!  Just found out they are closed!  Looking for a new location to reopen.... I'm so heart broken that this place closed down. My husband and I stopped here everytime we came to Scottsdale for desert and coffee. And above all for Macaroons to go. I loved the ambiance just such a cute place with character. I'm going to miss taking to the owner with his French accent about different pastries. I have yet to find Macaroons that have been so delicious! PuHucejs4LG3hSXnrwi9-g  served with a leek fondue that made me want to lick the plate [my mother raised me better]. The cassolet was redolent and rich. In a word: delightful. I dropped a star because during my last lunch there I had a turkey dish and it was clear it was old and leftover. Not a happy camper. I'm hoping it was a fluke because the rest of my experiences have been very positive. I've had great servers  we would definitely go back there. Would we crave it? Probably not but if you are looking for a solidly very good dining experience I would send you here. It was very comfortable and cozy."  biltmore area french bistro  or some other random reason to splurge on a place like this more often."  I was asked if I wanted end pieces or the center cut (something which I'd never been given the options for). The dessert was also excellent  my  experience with dinner is not so favorable.  My wife and I recently joined friends for Sophie's prix fix dinner with wine parings.  The meal started with fried sweetbreads.  Frankly  the service wasn't horrible... it's just that my overall experience wasn't what I'd have expected from a restaurant that touts such an amazing reputation for fine French cuisine.  It's not often I leave a place so hungry for the experience I didn't get to have.  . Again I agree with some of the other raters-- this place would get 10 stars if yelp would let me put 10. Try the duck and the beef bourguignon!" "Yeah croque madame on WHEAT BREAD Oh well $340 bucks and all I can muster is a no." Sophie's is also a great business lunch restaurant conveniently located between downtown Phoenix and the Biltmore-Camelback corridor." We topped off the night with a decadent creme brulee and imported cocoa dusted truffles  the beans and sauce delicious. It was a very affordable $24.00 which included a small salad.  I would ask one thing--get a few less expensive bottles of red on the wine menu." Can't wait to go here for dinner sometime. Wine list please." "Thank you to Sophie's for providing a wonderful meal for our family. It was our first experience there and we were not disappointed. We thought that we would have trouble finding a children's meal for our ten year old but they accomodated us by cooking her thin strips of steak. We added that with french fries and she was set. We had the abundant cheese plate  I thought the place was lovely and will definitely go back I will most certainly return to Sophie's in the hopes of giving them the 5 stars I'm sure they deserve!"  he had moved to France to study it there. The dishes he created were perfectly delicous. I remember his filet with crushed peppercorns; it was soft and buttery. The peppercorns gave a kick without being overpowering. The quail was delicate and succulent. The salad with lavender honey vinaigrette was perfection. His chocolate spice cake was phenomenal. It contained seven spices. I can't begin to describe the joy that cake brought to everyone. It was unique. It was at the time when chocolate souffles were at every French restaurant. Unfortunately  and I don't know him personally.  :)" "Visited Sophie's for their happy hour menu. It was ok. The location appears to be former residence converted to a restaurant. Small parking lot. Interior decor is retro and very plain. The front patio is surrounded by a hedge under a large pine tree which is a nice place to be seated if the weather is good. If you do sit at the front patio you will hear the traffic along Indian School Road especially during the midweek rush hour. There is definitely better French cuisine in town  it's a small lot and service is a bit languid (i.e. slow)" EVERYTHING IS GOOD. It's not cheap and the atmosphere isn't real trendy but my experience was awesome. We came in on the restaurant.com certificate and had the best dinner so far in Phoenix.  that was what my husband had.  I would definitely go back for the beef bourguignon though.  It's nice that they take reservations!  A special little intimate place for something special like an anniversary or birthday dinner." I would say that the average age of the other customers was about 60-70 years old.  I don't know whether that's normal or not  either. Three courses (plus salad) in three hours. We waited a LOOOONG time for entrees. It was brightly lit inside  the atmosphere intimate. I would definitely go there again."  I found this to be the most authentic food in Phoenix. They were very accommodating to special requests. The ambiance was beautiful and the restaurant was set in a little ""pocket of paradise."" Meaning one might not know that it was so close to 24th St. and not see it on a drive by!" This is a place I would gladly come back over and over." We will definitely return!"  I found the restaurant very friendly and casual - not pretentious or uncomfortable for us French food newbies - even on such a special night. We even wore jeans (I called in advance to make sure it was OK and they said ""of course."") The regular lunch and dinner menu is a little more conventional and less expensive. I definitely plan to come back. Their cuisine is not for everyone  which he enjoyed.  I'm not a fan of the ducky flavor myself.  We also followed the suggestion of ordering the warmed brie app.  De-lish!  The service was great as well.  Little touches like asking if we would like our milk warmed for our post-meal coffee.  So great!  We will for sure be going back for future date nights!" I don't want others to waste time and money  we did have an excellent meal at CIBO Pizza the night before we were poisoned. I highly recommend CIBO. Great food The food poisoning review is shocking. If you don't hear from me our crepes ""stayed down"" just fine:)"  though will not be in any hurry to return."  pulled pork and apples and onions in a crepe -- you can't get any better than that!  My son's pork dish was fantastic -- the sauce was rich yet light.  Dessert was some sort of molten salted caramel souffle with a side of ice cream with a balsamic glaze -- to die for!!! I wish this restaurant was closer to me -- we will definitely be back!" That's all it took for me to turn around and walk out the door. If all French bistros are like this one oc0Wl6ktfMLb5VZ2Uz6M2A  I feel almost obliged to use the tip keep from feeling guilty. An absolute steal  fabulous service!  This could be my new favorite place for breafast/brunch. We both had the ham quiche and oh my was it ever yummy!  The mini-croissants and jam were just as good.  The complimentary chocoate cake with vanilla ice cream rounded out a perfect meal.  And the price can't be beat - $22 for two meals and drinks.  I'm heading back next weekend!!"  West of 40th St) is turned into something like a farmer's market with a lot of delicious food served up.  It's very comfortable with a European feel and usually well-attended.  It's a great way to taste some great food." This is one of those places I wish we could give 1/2 stars.  I would give this place 4 1/2 stars.  Really really good . . . but not out of this world fantastic.  The pizza is on par and may be better than pizzeria bianco - plus not the 4 hour wait.  We walked right in - it is very cute and charming.  It is a great place to go when you want high end food without the high end hassle. "Their prix fixe menu gives almost unbelievable value on truly fine eats. Truly fine. And some nice-priced tasty wines. Not for the real snobs Absolutely delicious! Best value for upscale restaurant in Phoenix. Coq au vin was great. Save room for the lemon souffl crepe. Waiter and service were terrific. Vincent's Market Bistro has definitely been added to the rotation of favorite places to dine with character. And when I walked outside and the heat hit my face "What a great way to get Vincent quality food for a nomial price. They have a wonderful patio you can sit at  food and ambiance and price for what you get ( price fix menu) were great. The only small issue was that it was really packed with people & some of the people in wheelchairs/walkers had a tough time getting through. They even have a cookbook!"  this would be the perfect place to take a first date-- classy and unique Be sure to check out their website for a list of what is on the menu because it does change from time to time." "Great spot for excellent food at excellent prices.  Portions are on the small but sufficient size Excellent restaurant." Unfortunately word is getting out and it is getting more and more crowded every time I go!! Great part is they will sometimes allow overflow to sit in one of the actual Vincent's dining rooms which instantly expands seating!" In 1982 Vincent Guerithault catapulted Arizona into the beginning phases of the culinary elite the other larger metropolis cities were already enjoying.  Now "This place is absolutely amazing!!! The food was outstanding Great place to take people who are in town visiting for a truly exceptional meal."  so plan on eating early. We arrived around 6pm on a Saturday night and by 7pm the place was completely filled. Be sure to check their website for times including breakfast "Breakfast at the Bistro is a relaxed culinary treat.  Mini-croissants led a tasty path to a finely crafted ""toads in the hole""; poached eggs nestled inside a slice of brioche I don't know if we would go back if this is a typical dinner experience. Maybe just get dessert to go." This review is for their croissants! I LOVE THE WAY THEY TASTE!!!  The food is just OK nothing special.  Another great thing about this place is their free desert that they give you at the end of your meal! oc0Wl6ktfMLb5VZ2Uz6M2A "You can't beat a $20 per fix menu in a bistro. BTW it was yummy ~ Free desert. Usually a small slice of fruit tart with a scoop of vanilla ice cream."  atmosphere and menu. I think it would be hard to find a better place for lunch. Yum!"  we will arrive around 5:30 instead of 6:30 to avoid the crowd.  The regulars park just to the west of the Bistro when the free parking spots are filled.  The wine can be a bit pricey so check the price before ordering.  Be prepared to be in rather tight quarters with a rather high noise level.  We will be back!" Visited Vincent's today with a local resident. Ate breakfast out on the patio. It was delightful. They were willing to make an omelet for me that wasn't on the menu. Very impressive and I would go back. Service was outstanding.  and the price is right!  Unique dishes and atmosphere.  Great specials and free desert.  I also can't say enough about the service.  Our server gave great recommendations and brought out 3 different deserts at the end of the meal.  To be honest The hot chocolate is magnificent. The spinach quiche is the best I have ever had. Coq Au van is my all time comfort food. It is so savory and tender. Allow yourself time to relax and enjoy your meal if you can. Other wise it is still worth it just to pop in for a bite."  not an overpriced menu. It really couldn't get any better. I had the BEST cheese platter that I ever had. Speechless. I can't wait to go to their other restaurant. One of the best experiences that I've had in awhile."  so I can come back. Food was a little hit or miss but mostly hits. The apps were def worth a repeat visit. I'm def torn between a 3 and a 4 but then food is really a 4." Great weekend brunch or lunch option."  as was everyone else who worked there....otherwise surely he would have been told to STOP. No we will not be returning.  So many great restaurants in the camelback corridor....why would we?" Wine is priced reasonable. Service has always been very good ."  and the food was very good. I will definitely be back for more. Look out for the coffee This is the place to be! They have great food and excellent service! It has a cozy ambience and their staff is very accommodating and friendly. Their food is very much affordable and it will surely delight your taste buds! I come here often with my boyfriend who loves the croissants and dessert too - but it's the perfect place for a lunch with your girlfriends."  the waiter followed me outside and confronted me about why I didn't tip again on the second bill as I was standing with my client. Tacky.  Also I will be coming back!!!"  although the portions can be small.  How amazing the food is really depends on the menu of the evening We will definitely be coming back!!"  say Bon Soir to Chef; he'll love ya." This gets 5 stars for filling a really awesome niche in Central Phoenix." The service was some of the best as well "What a great find!  Have been here 2x (for breakfast with parents) and 1x for dinner on Friday night.  The best part is unlimited croissants!  Yum!  Service is fast and quick.  Space is tight Lovely omelet with ham and Gruyere cheese." If I were to give one criticism of this place it would be the parking. There is just not enough of it sometimes because the other foodies will agree that this place is worth it." I wish we'd had time to come back for lunch or dinner but I was only here for 4 days working on assignment so it will have to wait for my next visit."  play hangman etc on the butcher paper table top.  Comp. rolls to start and dessert to finish with breakfast.  Nice touch." Service:              2.5"  but very satisfying.  Huge meatballs and a seriously tasty burger for a fair price will have my friends and I return."  and I liked that there were many specials as well. We got the cheese ravioli and the shrimp crepes. Both were good! Our favorite was the corn and avocado spread on top of the crepes. The prices were great!" The bread pudding was slightly better and the duck and pork tamales are actually quite good.  The overall ""Saturday Market"" is a nice place Great Sunday breakfast after church.  The staff is friendly and was great with my daughter.  Croissants are yummy and my daughter loved the cookies after the meal. we were going to give la grande orange a whirl on sunday for breakfast but the noise and confusion chased us away so we look at are yelp on the old smart phone and saw vincents was open for breakfast ....score a nice quaint charming spot free mini crosants moist with butter a good menu and delightful service we will return for dinner and breakfast again soon  food is ok. Nothing fancy or delectable." We came here for both lunch and dinner on a Saturday.  Both meals were excellent and the service was impeccable.  It was hard to decide what to order. Everything looked so good. Vincent's market on Saturdays is packed full of wonderful gifts to purchase & oh the food...my crepe I am told was made by Vincent's son ...perfect savory brunch!  Friends had two different fabulous souffls  wow..they nailed it!!  Tried the top of a pizza - beautiful thin crust yet very garlicky. Overall great job! Great French inspired dining at a reasonable price.  The croissant freebies are a great way to win loyal customers.  The Prix Fixe menu is the best way to sample the menu." This place is a Winner!" My boyfriend commented that this is the best brunch spot he's found since he left New York."  paintings and flowers on the plates made me feel like I was in Provence was more.  Stopped in for a late breakfast.  The mini croissants and preserves were wonderful.  Ordered a quiche that was absolutely perfect with such lovely flavors and served with a wonderfully light salad.  I can't wait for my next visit to the French countryside of the Vincent Market Bistro." We had such a great time there and the bill was very reasonable for the quality of the food and the friendly service we received. We will definitely be coming back again sooner than later. Fantastique!" Great little hideaway.  Been here for lunch and brunch and every time it's consistently good food and service.  A regular in the rotation... They gave us ALL free desserts at our table! really nice of them" I read about this place in food and wine or bon appetit so I made a point to try when I was in Phx. It did not dissappoint.  I came for brunch.  I had the nicoise salad and a glass of rose. perfecttly tasty "It's our favorite breakfast/brunch place. Delicious.............everything. A slice of France right here in Phoenix. Great I've been here a bunch of times. The food is ALWAYS VERY GOOD and the same can be said for the service." oc0Wl6ktfMLb5VZ2Uz6M2A  and great service. We had a lovely date night here. We ate off the prix fixe menu. The highlights were the sole/sea bass and the strawberry cobbler "By far one of the best restaurants/bistros in the US! Scrumptious dishes. Super friendly staff. Great value. I love having lunch at Vincent on Camelback. Coq au vin is divine  you also get a complimentary dessert.  Our dessert yesterday was a flourless chocolate brownie with a dollop of vanilla ice cream on top.  It was so good!  That definitely made me super full.  I would come back again for lunch.  The place is small and quaint and the price may seem pricey for lunch The food and wine were phenomenal and a good time was had by all!" Our server was delightful in responding to our 101 questions about the menu.  It was a lovely meal overall.  Note to self:  go back soon." "I went here on a whim when the husband and I's anniversary dinner plans fell through. It was a wonderful experience! They have the prix fixe menu (3 course for 25$)  after telling everyone that this was one of my favorite restaurants. We spent hundreds of dollars on dinner and wine. Our meal was very good  I'd rather just go to Snooze down the street. It's an hour wait there  mains and desserts! Scotty and the staff are the best. You know a place is good when there clientele have been going there for years and years."  (Vincent special) for lunch and hubby had lobster quiche. The Coq Au Vin was amazing chicken in red wine gravy on top of creamy mashed potatoes with snow peas. Half way through my delectable meal I realized I had been served HALF a chicken  all of the food was amazing. Light on the beer list but have an extensive wine selection (including recorked wine from the 1920's)! We will be back!"  and flavors that Vincent is known for.  I would still recommend Vincent's parent restaurant for the ultimate French cuisine experience as their dishes are even more imaginative.  But for those looking to just dip their toes into Vincent's menu or looking for a cheaper alternative  and our server never even let my glass get less than a quarter of the way full. Not pushy or anything. We even got a brownie dessert compliments the chef. Great dining experience overall!" "My favorite neighborhood restaurant in Arcadia! My husband and I went here once a week when we lived in Phoenix. The French cuisine is wonderful. I love the pull-apart croissants that they give you while you for your meal  and for being less amazing than they used to be. But it really is my favorite date place so maybe next year Our server was also great and he spoke like 3 different languages which was very helpful because not everybody in our families speak English."  veal sweetbread and the cream cartolla (creme brle). Everything was fabulous! The service was outstanding. The servers were showing us what other people were ordering to help us make a choice as we were looking over all the choices. They also gave us a little history lesson on the chef/owner and establishment. Junior was our waiter and we've never had better service. Very personable. Bottom line...we are making this a regular stop every time we are in town. This place is a quaint French style cuisine with a great ambiance. Great job Absolutely Amazing!!!  Perfect sized portion.  I had the sauted salmon. In a very light cream sauce.  This was a wonder find while on a trip from Vegas! As a slight update 6-1-15 the Prix 3 course is now $29.00 and is still terrific!"  staff friendly and ambiance is warm and charming!"   love how intimate it feels. Somepeople may be uncomfortable with how close you are to other tables but I love it! The croissants are super yummy  head over to Vincent's Market Bistro and you'll leave feeling like you've just spent a great evening in the South of France."  and even on a weekday the venue gets crowded.  My suggestion is to go early I've been here about half a dozen times now and would definitely repeat."  lobster quiche and beef bourguignon. They all have been really good. To accompany the meal they also offer free croissants that are served with a raspberry preserve before the meal and a small dessert at the end. Although the prices of the lunch special have steadily gone up from $10 since the first time I've been here  cozy and vintage. Wish we could came here for dinner too but we had to hit the road... We had two persons and they split the dishes for us in a very nice way without needing to ask for it. Both dishes were very good If you are brunch person 2015. When I went to get my car after dinner the attendant said that there was a $4.00 charge for parking my car. I have never seen this at any restaurant before. I paid the 4.00 charge and said that I will never come back and that I would tell my friends about this charge. I hope that Vincent's will take a close look at this because they will lose considerable business as a result. I have never been charged to park my car to eat at a restaurant." Contrary to what Dick G. mentioned about parking in his review  but I have been a server before. I know what running around like a mad person looks like and what flat out ignoring a table looks like. Our server was chatting up other tables Quality food well prepared and great price performance! $13 for rainbow trout over the best prepared mashed potatoes served with medley of veggies also well prepared.  accompagn d'une salade et c'tait divin. Bravo  you can have a decadent 3 or 4 course meal with a bottle of French wine and easily pay upwards of $50 a person. The food is all served on beautiful vintage Villeroy & Boch china with whimsical patterns of flowers or horses. The space of the Bistro is intimate: tightly packed tables Went there for Mother's Day brunch. The food was great and the service was even better. You can never go wrong with this place. Top notch and I can't wait to go back!" Excellent food and service with no wait time. The food was presented well and the taste was superb! The staff are very attentive and courteous. Ambiance reminds me of a French bistro ala Provenal. "I just tried mussels and french fries. It was perfect. The creamy sauce was perfect also. It's real part of France "I'm not sure what the fuss is about.....especially an overall rating of 4.5. The coffee's good (which is why they get 2 stars). Service is okay and the ambiance isn't quaint when cleanliness is questionable. I stopped by for a weekday breakfast and there were not any patrons in the bistro. I sat myself and ordered off a very limited weekday/breakfast menu. The mini croissants and jam were oily and not airy or light - obviously the result of a microwave. I ordered the ""build your own"" omelet. Looks good on paper but had to be sent back due to the absent Gruyere cheese. Should of just kept the original one since the added Gruyere did not change what would and did prove to be a very blah entree. The bacon was okay but definitely reheated. There is nothing French about this place - the French cook with fresh and tasteful ingredients.....maybe their dinner menu is better."  too.  We usually share either the creme brulee or peach tart at the end of our meals here." My favorite french food- it's so good! Service is excellent- best desserts in town - my favorite birthday treat I'm in love with this place. First time here. Ordered the Lamb Shank. Delicious. Words can't describe how great my experience was! "The service here was great! The lobster bisque and dessert were amazing. Other members of our group enjoyed the lamb shank  and come when the waiter arrives..yum all the way around! Try the raspberry scones too!" "quaint little place with wonderful coffee "This is an amazing brunch spot!!!!  Cute atmosphere with perfectly prepared quiche and to die for fresh croissants as a starter.  The complementary desserts were an unexpected treat and were amazing.  The service here is what sets this bistro apart.  Our waiter was one of the nicest people you'll ever meet and provided exemplary Ahh this is one of my husband and my most favorite Phoenix restaurants. If you are a fan of excellent French cuisine this is the place to go. Keep in mind this is not your typical trendy Scottsdale restaurant. This is a restaurant that has great character and charm. The croissants pre meal are to die for and their dishes are always on point! The salmon is my personal favorite and the service has always been great. Not to mention the complimentary desserts offered after dinner are divine. We are always the youngest couple there but we would like to keep it that way ;)  and of course we were pleasantly surprised by the sweet desserts that came after the meal. I don't know why we forgot about this place for a bit Our favorite restaurant in the United States.  We schedule our flights in and out of Phoenix to include meals at Vincent's Market Bistro.  We have gone to spring training to eat every evening at the bistro.  Never a disappointment. "Love it! Great ambiance! Superb Service! Love the food! The Wine! The People! The Music! All ingredients for an outstanding fun time! Been here for brunch as always the food was amazing the beef and the lamb braise to perfection super tender the gravy for the beef just the right about of wine  thus is a a grate lunch spot for the price you can't beat it TIP: Looks like parking is at a premium here  delicious food and very reasonably priced with caring servers that go out of their way to make your dining experience enjoyable!" Point and shoot. Top to bottom the best food in Phoenix. You can't go wrong with any dish.  it was a nice surprise that our sever brought small portion of desserts to out table. They were delicious. I am sure the fact that they were included/complimentary makes them taste a tad better : ) what a nice touch!" A fantastic evening dinner and dessert while in town for business. Thank you for great service!  Thank you Chef Vincent!!  I was able to taste other co-worker's entrees.  The crab cake salad was delicious.  The Halibut entree I ordered was perfect.  The decor on the plate (presentation) was great.  The servers were excellent!  I will return to this restaurant again to experience other items I was not able to taste."  which offers all a cornucopia of great eats (roasted Cornish hens and beef ribs - Very good but vegetables were a little greasy - there is such a thing as too much olive oil) "Excellent food but not a large menu. It is a very nicely decorated.  My problem: no bathroom.  I asked where it was and was given vague directions for a place ""next door "" which I never found. I had to find a gas station to use their facilities.  If you serve food you should have a bathroom or at least be able to direct customers properly"  I believe this setting is the closest you can get to being in France in AZ.  I was impressed with the variety of food options at the market including paella  but I don't care. That means they can squeeze in more customers!"  Coq au Vin was a bit dry for my taste. They gave us free dessert which was very generous." "I am a big fan of this boutique restaurant tucked away in the camelback corridor. The food is very good  this is where we come. So should you! If you come early and the place is packed (often the case on a Saturday evening) just meander over to the bar at Vincent's (the two restaurants are adjoined and share a kitchen) -- it's not so bad to enjoy a drink at Vincent's ""proper"" while you wait for a table at the Bistro. Best of both worlds! We have even seen Sandra Day O'Connor and the late Muhammed Ali dining at the Bistro... It's clearly enjoyed by the famous AND the ""regulars people"" - LOL. And this is NOT a pricey place. Vincent's is a big more high-brow  the service is wonderful and everyone is super friendly. They have the most delicious fresh croissants that they bring out with jam before you order and I swear that's half the reason I keep coming back here. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who lives in or visits Phoenix." "Took my 17 year old granddaughter for lunch- she went to France in the spring so we thought we would give this a try.  She had the special of mussels and frites-gigantic mussels in a beautiful wine sauce. I had the coq au vin- was delicious with deep flavors- good size portion - so good I got an order to go for my husbands dinner.  Service was great Cute environment which is right behind Vincent's on camelback. Great service and a prix fixed menu in the evening as well.  It should be much busier! 