 assuming you're able to ignore the graves or appreciate them). Take a walk and check out how long some of them have been there  so I enjoy weird spots like this one...but if you work uptown and are craving a little nature and a little memento mori with your lunch  I promise that you won't regret it at Elmwood Cemetery. It's picturesque  and enjoyed the perfect fall weather. I actually think this cemetery is much nicer a place for a walk than most of the parks in Charlotte." Great place for a bike ride. Super close to uptown. Could definitely bring a bottle of wine and make it a picnic with the use of a little discretion.  ANYONE - open a Jewish mortuary to compete with this group. Watch the prices fall dramatically overnight My Gram was buried next to my Grandfather and Sinai took care of everything from the police escort(my Gram would have loved knowing all traffic was stopped for her) to the ensuring her obituary was in the paper  and I was the one who contacted this mortuary. I promised never to use them in the future at that moment. They see their business as secure  not them. My grandfather 88 years old has gotten nothing but grief from them and has been unable to get the money returned from her policy. They refuse to give them a refund to him. Don't use them When I went to pick up my wife's remains we all hugged and cried together. You can't fake that folks. These people are the real deal." The Peterson Family from Chicago" In addition I just received noticed they donated a stuff bear in my Dad's name to a local charity for children in need." The people writing negative reviews have not even done business with this company! Complaining about salesmen or mailers is all I hear. Not all salesmen are pushy. I know 1st hand that National Cremation Society handles things in a dignified manner. I am surprised that Yelp even posts these reviews since they have nothing to do with the quality of their services. I recommend nobody you love ever passing away but if it happens and you need to find a funeral home  so I contacted them - basically a shot in the dark.  It was the best choice I could have made.  Barb McGrath was incredibly professional and her demeanor was spot on - compassionate and very real.  I never once felt they were trying to ""sell"" me on anything - instead This is my second experience with Whitney Murphy they do an excellent job although it is a bit pricey compared to others. They work well with the Catholic cemetery up the street as well... the only thing really stopping me from giving it 5 stars is it's overpriced and a couple of dirty looks I got from a few of the staff.... but they'll get the job done and make it easy for you which is easier said than done in these situations. B_ZFDnijOwCOHWJnFZZwKw B_ZFDnijOwCOHWJnFZZwKw  my mom and I were allowed to come back and dress my grandma and do her makeup as she would not have been happy to be sent off into the afterlife looking sickly and wearing a hospital gown. I was amazed that we were allowed to do this ourselves and it made me so happy. I'm bothered by current funerary practices where people just hand their loved one over and have nothing to do with caring for them after death  dignified farewell to our loved ones." B_ZFDnijOwCOHWJnFZZwKw  and less than half the price of one of their competitors. We could not be more pleased."  MS.  I had no idea of even where to start so I went on Yelp and found Best Funeral Services.  Dr. Ken Stanton guided and  assisted my sister and I thru every step of the way and it was truly a blessing.  In our moment of loss and grief he and the staff help us deal with a very difficult and seemingly insurmountable task.  They are truly incredible and my entire family thanks them from the bottom of our hearts."  especially when a living will or power attorney are established. If it seems shady First of all I never thought I would be writing a review for a funeral home however I lost my sister very sudden. Julia handled everything for me and my family.  She and the staff are the reason why they are named best funeral home.  They blended in with our guest and you could tell they genuinely care and want to help make everything seamless. Julia went as far as giving me her personal cell number and advised me to call anytime. Its rare when I get amazing customer service.  Thank you so much. I cant even thank you enough. If your wanting care and that white glove service then choose this funeral home because they will go that extra mile. If you should ever face this kind of tragedy...I highly recommend Best Funeral Services. They make the best out of the worst situation." You guys really need to think about some of the crap you say. I feel both comments were uncalled for. Thankfully I know I will never have to go back there."  but now we were left with the unexpected and extremely difficult task of planning my mother's funeral. I had loaded up Yelp on my phone and typed up funeral homes in Phoenix and the first name that popped up happened to be the most highly reviewed and recommended: Best Funeral Services. The photos that people posted definitely helped with our decision... (PHOTOS REALLY HELP EVERYONE!) My Dad made the phone call to Best and talked to Spencer who is the head Director there. Spencer was extremely kind over the phone and answered all of our questions in a calm manner no matter how obvious some of them may have been (again our first time funeral planning). We thanked Spencer and informed him that we were very interested with having the services there They helped our family when we buried my grandma. I felt like they cared and they were all really respectful and caring.  very nice to deal with but because my loved ones name was not spelled correctly though I thought it was cleared up Thank you Best! You truly made a difference during such a difficult time." "If you are looking for just the right place to take that special someone Love & appreciation... Shelley Malone"  but in their favor they got it correct for the obituary.  I also ordered key fobs from my brother's fingerprint  and compassion.  They helped us with the decisions and worked with our church to pull together a very memorable Celebration of Life.  They also took the time to explain the things we would need to do after the memorial and guided us through the process.  They were professional 2/10 just because of my free dessert from the restaurant." 