Thank you so very much Gene Sanes Upholstery." My parents live in Oakland in a condo building with a ridiculously small elevator.  Gene Sanes went above and beyond to make sure this extremely long sofa from my grandma would fit in the elevator at my parents' building.  They brought the sofa mid-upholstery to the building just to make sure it would fit into the elevator.  That is such great customer service it is ridiculous.  It did fit 7XX-2YyRTLVvki-qsM3sVQ "Fred and crew did a fantastic job repairing and restoring my beautiful 12 year old brown leather sofa (nearly destroyed by three very active boys).  It really does look (and smell) just like NEW!  They kept me informed I contacted them to replace the springs on my  leather couch. At first they seemed really helpful and interested in the work. I talked to the owner who was supposed to call me back to schedule when to come look at the couch and take it to their shop. That phone call never happened. I even called and left a message with the receptionist and he never called back. So the next day I called again and talked to him. He didn't care at all that he didn't call me back. He flatly told me that he was busy and that I was 1 of 20 people he needed to call or that had called him. Great that he is that busy but if he continues to disregard potential customers like he did me he won't be busy for much longer. i found leather like new from the yelp reviews and fred is wonderful! he picked up my couch cushion and even delivered it back to me! he did a great job repairing it and was so sweet to teach me how to clean my couch as well. his staff was also very nice and helpful! i would def recommend leather like new to anyone! give fred a try you wont be disappointed!  and honestly lied to about when I would get calls back.  I have called and left messages about my dissatisfaction.  I HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANY CALLS OR EXPRESSIONS OF REMORSE IN REGARDS TO HOW I HAVE BEEN TREATED.  Fred will not be busy for long.  I will never be recommending his services  and another requiring leather treatment.  All of the work was done quickly and expertly.  Fred and the team were professional and courteous.  I have no idea how they made the leather chair 'like new' but they did it.  We've had the furniture back in our house for a few weeks now and I am 100% satisfied."  the owner is a true professional.  These guys know what they are doing.  I would trust them with any sort of leather no matter the uniqueness of the piece or the severity of the damage. Keep it up guys!"  and even the loaner couch we were given was very nice. It's very rare for  our expectations to be met in terms of quality of work and customer service when dealing with service companies dawAnASHIDi1CQ7y9_tOgw  so I thought I'd have them cleaned and conditioned. The company that came over to clean them said they were beyond repair. Leather Like New was recommended and both pieces now look good as new...I kid you not. It's unbelievable what they did to each piece. Thanks guys for an amazing and incredible job."  we got a call that they where ready for pick-up. The stools look absolutely amazing! I'm a total perfectionist and still can't believe how good they look. We had also planned to take the stools to an upholstery shop to have the backs recovered. But Leather Like New took care of that as well. Thank you Fred  is virtually like BRAND NEW. This Fred is some kind of miracle worker with leather. Highest possible rating: a very good business!!!!!!" Cant give more than one star when the owner's website is not viewable on android phones and tablets. They did an amazing job- and we could not be happier with the results!!!!  Great customer service!  and two living room) I had reupholstered are beautiful. I am thrilled with the quality professionalism of this business. They made many trips out to my house to give me quotes  and everyone was professional and friendly. Had four couches done and it exceeded my expectations for price and quality of work. Would highly recommend." Wanted to get a sectional reupholstered and ended up with a nightmare of an experience. Worst Customer Service and follow-up appointment.  I traveled from North side of town to view Design Center.  Location was not the best but I thought it would be good once inside.  Man was sitting at desk and never bothered to greet.  Sales Person came over and I made appointment for one of Team Members to come to residence and get ideas and work quoted.  It NEVER HAPPENED.  So Disappointed that they did not even call me back to say they were too busy.  Glad this happened as I cant imagine if they actually got awarded for contract work; their follow-up would be horrible.  BUYER BEWARE!  Customer Service and Follow-up is what gets your business relayed to friends. "I've used Valley Interiors several times over the last four years for a number of projects with very good results.  Recently they made some custom cushions for a  unique elkhorn chair - very successful and at a very fair price-- and recovered dining chairs for my neighbor with excellent results.  Overall  extremely noticeable and customer service unprofessional.  rerr3@cox.net"  I'm a fan"" and I really am NOT a fan of the designer because I think she was not honest with the quote - I truly don't believe her story that she doesn't know that actual cost of the fabric and the story that their bid automatically includes a mark down for labor... she was unable to support any of this with an itemized bid - BUT any rip off here is on me for not pushing back. I'm also not a fan of Valley Interior's quality control - the initial work should have never been released as a completed job. The revised finished product is of good quality She also helped re-arrange furniture so that the room looked bigger and more appealing.  I would use Valley Interior again with the designer Lyn.  The little problems we had were fixed immediately.  Our rooms were a family room  when we were building our new home. They installed carpet in five bedrooms and wood flooring in our kitchen and living room. We could not have been happier with their services! This year they patched up a leather love seat that had the seams separating and you cannot even tell  it had been repaired! Now we are wanting to replace the carpet for some new wood floors! I think it says a lot to keep using the same company over so many years! It's nice to know that they are still in business!"  bothered to contact us. They could not even be bothered to show up for the meeting with the ROC."  they do look like new! Thanks for that." "I highly recommend Sit-Well Upholstery! I also researched places to take my half finished chair and was nervous it wouldn't be perfect as none of places have many reviews. I picked Sit-Well because it was close and I liked what I read. It was truly the best decision as they went far beyond the project and did an excellent job. True perfectionists and fast too. I was trying to reupholster my nursery chair and realized halfway in I was over my head. Called Saturday morning and Mike told me to bring it on in and he could finish it (for a very low price). The guys at the shop were wonderful  the quality of workmanship was impressive.  I am very satisfied of how  my chair and ottoman turn out.  I would recommend Sit Well Upholstery."  they're not just good upholstery people they're good people."  chairs were pretty bad. I know this story isn't much about them but I had to vent. These guys were super nice super fast and super accommodating. Rick helped me out and went out if his way to help me out in a bad way. Thanks guys" "After getting lost and calling for directions and telling ""Rick"" I was close and would be there in five minutes I arrived to find a dirty place. I went in and it appeared no one was there finally I see a rather large woman sitting behind a desk (she never moved) and said Rick just left for an appointment.  I told her I just spoke to Rick and told him I was five minutes away. She said I could leave what I needed upholstered! Really I would just leave it there with no discussions about what I wanted done and price. The place was nasty and dirty so no way would I have left anything there. I will be looking elsewhere for a decent company." I'm gonna buy an old crappy couch just so I can enjoy Rick's good service and have an excuse to be in the area again for breakfast."  fast and efficient. The quality of the materials used were top notch and the price was very reasonable. I will never use another upholstery company again."  our sofas' cushions have been restored to like-new comfy seating!  Thank you Sit-Well for your amazing professional service!"  I have not come across a more unprofessional business with such shoddy workmanship and  no customer care. Our trust in SIT WELL based on the words of one of the co-owners was completely destroyed." "I am over the moon with my ""new"" sofa. Sitwell did an excellent job. They came to my house with an excellent selection of fabrics. They gave me a fair quote (I had shopped around). They picked it up Based on yelp reviews I took a chance and it paid off. Frank who I talked to who I believe is the owner was friendly and accurate .No surprises ! He quoted me did the job as promised and finished on the day promised . very affordable as well. All around a great experience.  Keep up the great work!" Ever looking for a furniture repair company in the area who values customer service and quick turnaround time without sacrificing quality "I filled out the ""Request an Estimate"" form on their website a few weeks ago to get an estimate for reupholstering my couch.  I even attached a picture for their reference.  A few weeks later and no response :(  I even checked the ""spam"" folder of my email to make sure no message had gotten sent there  and I was absolutely amazed at the quality of work that the team at Sit-Well did on this chair.   I absolutely love the finished project and couldn't be happier.   I will absolutely recommend this company to anyone that needs this type of work completed.  They completed the job on time  and very nice to boot." ETA: One of the chairs that was recovered (as mentioned above) needed to be fixed even though it was never used. When I arrived to my dad's I found the leather piece that was glued onto the chair (the piece that covers where the fabric meets the wood) hanging off of one side. As far as I know Sit-Well intends to fix it. I've included a photo of the two chairs (still lovely!). The chair mentioned above is the one on the right." What a pleasure to deal with. Great small family owned business  So rare these days it seems. We are so pleased with the work they did and not having to to buy new furniture. Please consider them for your business. Sitwell just reupholstered my 70s era French provincial sofa - was my mom's.  It went from an avocado green and gold embarrassment to the showpiece of my living room!!  The workmanship is simply superb - it exceeded my expectations and met all of my hopes!!!  It now looks like something out of the Restoration Hardware catalog - except it is probably much better quality!!!  Thank you Rick and company - you have some very talented craftsmen in your employ.  I have a few other well-worn treasures that will make their way to your shop for you to work your magic on!! Decided to go here to get my outdoor patio cushions reupholstered based on all the reviews. I brought my own fabric to the shop and they ended up using it on someone else's project. They have done nothing to reimburse me and they never call me back. People are not honest and has the worst customer service. Shame on them!!!!!! "Fast and even delivered our chairs to us.  Great service  and the foam replaced. My sofas are MAGNIFICENT right now and they were completed in a reasonable amount of time. I am never ever getting rid of them. These are so beautiful that I will pass them down to my children! I got great advice from the very beginning on how I could make it affordable to have my sofas redone (I am a teacher "These guys did an incredible job reupholstering some dining room chairs for us. They had an incredible selection of coverings and the leather we chose is excellent. Their work in applying the leather is flawless and they were incredibly efficient with the material leaving a lot of spare hide for potential repairs in the future. Very happy with our choice in companies I'm extremely happy with the work sit well upholstery did for me. They were fast and reasonably priced. Will definitely use them for any future needs!  and he was true to his word.  The drawer was completed in four days and you cannot tell were the repair (corner chunk 1x1 was totally chipped off) was.  The repair was totally smoothed into the surrounding area and the finished matched perfectly.  Not only were we happy with the result  I checked around to find a good upholsterer.  I called several to discuss my upholstery needs. Sit-Well was the most organized I will be coming here again for my upholstery needs." I traveled from Goodyear to have an office chair upholstered. They did a fantastic job. The chair looks like it was manufactured with the fabric. I highly recommend them. They finished in a very timely manner.  will outlive my wife and me. If you have Flexsteel furniture this is the place to take it for reupholstering because they can create a work of art with the materials you pick on a platform that is near indestructible."  I should have paid closer attention to the negative ones...they focused on the poor customer service which was the the main problem I had with them.  Like I said earlier "I'm fairly new to the valley but feel thrilled to have already found Sit-Well Upholstery. I had them make several pillows for me - various shapes and trim. The pillows came out exactly as I hoped  the owner of Sitwell himself who is now semi-retired asking if everything was satisfactory. What a surprise that in today's busy way of life that someone still cares enough about their customers to call and make sure they are completely satisfied. Thanks for a good experience." I took my coushions  from my couch and had them restuffed and they look great. Would recommend them to any one. They do a good job. And in a timely manner. They also do drapes and window treatments. It is a small operation but they did really good work.after a couple months I got a phone call and they were following up on how I felt and if I liked their work. "We were so pleased with the work done by Sit-Well Upholstery. They did a great job within a very reasonable period of time We needed custom cushions for a bay window and Sit-Well Upholstery did an awesome job. Customer Service was excellent and the finished product was perfect.  they did it at half the cost of the quote I was given by a hipster joint on 7th Ave. Thank you Sit-Well! I love my chair!" "After 10 years of AZ sun beating down on our patio cushions it was time for a face lift for them.  I searched the Internet for replacement cushions but they were a custom size and very limited in variety.   I called SitWell  and they are gorgeous. The fabric on the two chairs match each other perfectly and every last detail on the fabric is matched. They have a vine and flowers and they match from the upper floppy cushion down to the vine on the recliner portion and from the seat to the arms. The fabric is taut and only in very few areas did they made a crease. Unbelievable what a quality job they did!!! Several people have commented on the workmanship already. If you read this   I found Sit Well and could not have been more delighted.  I spoke with Shaleen who was pleasant and informative.  I took the cushions in and she and Rick the owner knew just what I needed This company covered our vintage Airstream trailers seating. They did a fabulous job and even got it back a week early. Great work and very nice people! I highly recommend them. 