I highly recommend Madison Overhead for all your garage door repairs and replacement.  I give them full marks for service I'll be sure to revise this review if MO is hired." We had a problem with our garage door. Wouldn't open. Turns out we had a broken spring. We called Madison Overhead in McFarland they came out the same day and had it fixed within an hour. Service was great from the phone to the technician. Highly recommend.  same issue. Called for a 3rd time and was told a tech was coming. They didn't show. Mix up in the office apparently. Rude receptionist didn't want to make things right and said a tech may come in 3 days. Techs were nice. Who knows whats up with my garage door opener. But geez...horrible customer service. Note: my home warranty company chose this company. I did not. Having someone else come tomorrow." "My home warranty company referred me to Hung-Rite they came when they promised an replaced the torsion springs the service person was very helpful and gave me maintenance tips and explained the warranty.Service on the phone is great  said she will work something out and call me right back. A few hours later their guy showed up and quickly repaired everything. Even though most of it was not covered by the home warranty he still gave us a reasonable price for the repairs. Way less than we prepared ourselves to pay. Overall they are great. I def. recommend them" and the belt is hanging and they rod bends when it closes...I called and let them know and she told me that was extra for the sensor  and when I told the Women on the phone that I wanted it done today.. she got very rude with me...and Hung up on me . I have to wait another week beucz I work!!!! I see at least 150 people in my place of business and I will NEvER refer them...And I will make sure i tell every client about them." These folks were called via my home warranty company. Had a bad experience with Sears awhile back and was glad someone else was called.  They worked with me on the time. They came over. The guy was nice. Garage door fixed!  I would be happy to use them again!  my warranty did not cover for the service repair I was very satisfied with the service and professionalism.  My garage door panels are bent and they gave a competitive quote for new panels.  And although I did not buy the panels at the time they were not pushy about trying to sell them and asked me to consider them when I decide to replace them."  AND he still took the time to do the extra things like oil the rollers and change the burnt out light bulb in the unit.  That kind of service needs to be acknowledged!  I would definitely use them again and recommend them to anyone who wants the job done right  & refused to wait.  After I agreed to open the garage door the tech insisted that I move the vehicle there in.  I said that I would.  About a minute later the Tech knocked loudly on my inner garage door.  As I answered the Tech became belligerent & angry when I informed him that I needed 3 more minutes on the phone.  The Tech very rudely informed me that my request for a few minutes was unacceptable.  I asked the Tech to leave.  The tech approached me  & refused to wait.  After I agreed to open the garage door the tech insisted that I move the vehicle there in.  I said that I would.  About a minute later the Tech knocked loudly on my inner garage door.  As I answered the Tech became belligerent & angry when I informed him that I needed 3 more minutes on the phone.  The Tech very rudely informed me that my request for a few minutes was unacceptable.  I asked the Tech to leave.  The tech approached me Poor customer service.  We have a home warranty.  The chain broke on our garage door and was hanging from the opener.  Called Hung Rite and was told someone would call us this morning between 7:30-8:00.  No call.  We called them and then were told it would be 2 days before they could get here.  Are you kidding me!!  courteous and efficient.  Lately I had some intermittent trouble which was difficult to diagnose.  They persisted until the matter got fixed.I highly recommend Hugh-Rite."  but they did not tell my home warranty place that I did in fact pay my $60 deductible. So I had to provide proof that I paid the bill before they would honor any other claims." "One of the rudest customer service reps I have ever come across.  They ""tuned"" my door and replaced a keypad and did not leave an owners manual for the keypad.  When I called to request help resetting the pin the chain smoking male sounding rep told me to call the manufacturer and hung up on me!  I called back and left a message very politely asking a technician to give me a call to help rest my pin.  That was 3 days ago!  And the garage door sounded like  hell a few weeks later.  How they are in business I have no idea.  There are lots of garage door companies around- choose any one but this one!"  but we felt the need to use them for consistency of future service. They have honored warranty issues over time without resistance. Most importantly I'm only giving one star because zero stars are not an option." What a fantastic bunch of people they were so helpful answered all questions were ready for me when I got there the price was right I'll definitely use them again and again 