 and the place is seemingly run by people all very comfortable and familiar with each other (something I really like). Great beers on tap I WILL NEVER BE COMING BACK HERE AGAIN!!!!!" This is a great neighborhood bar and grill.  It is your basic menu with some surprises and daily dinner and soup specials .  I always seem to get the same things every time I go... I either like the London Beef Dip with fries (fries come with a mixture of regular and sweet potato fries which are yummy) or if I am looking for something a little lighter I love their chopped salad.  They make a house sangria that is fantastic and they also make their own infused pineapple vodka which is very tasty too. Wally's happy hour is from 4-6p M-F with $1 off cocktails & beer and $2 off all appetizers... I'll be back for more of that artichoke and spinach dip with a beer or 2 next time for sure!  See you there!"  I'll come back for the we serve mostly ""regulars"" feeling you get.  I don't think enough people know about this place but those that do come back for more.  The Cuban is my lunch of choice and the beer selection is perfect for happy hour." Definately a place I intend of coming back" Our server was attentive throughout the meal and checked in on us occasionally.  He offered dessert To5CjntVFawXM_hpAhvVdQ  it's definitely a great place to try.  But I wouldn't go out of your way to try it!" "We rode our bikes here ther other night and had a wonderful time and dinner for two + 2 drinks for $25. The food was very fresh and the patio is great. The ""hold in the wall"" feeling Nikki talks about is dead on! Try it out sometime when you just don't know where to go!"  but you can always bet it will be a satisfying meal for anyone considering going to a bar for dinner." Not a bad place to eat. A little pricey for what you get. Nice location with a patio. Good place for happy hour.  you may even run into Wally."  but we still love this neighborhood pub.  Can't go wrong with the cob salad.  Try the pinapple infused vodka."  Tuesday is Ta-tor Tot Tuesday & the sweat potato fries can make it a toss up. So check it out...you will be back." We are definitely fans of this place!  The veggie burger and wine burger are excellent. Loved the atmosphere. Very unpretentious as another reviewer posted. Wally's has a fun Cheer's like atmosphere. It's dog friendly and allows you to bring your dog on the patio. I recently ate on the patio with a friend and our three dogs. They catered to us and our dogs were very chill. It was a wonderful experience! The Wally's at Gainey ranch has a Dog Days Sundays event every Sunday. I'll be back... probably soon. Got another hair appointment I have been twice for happy hour. All their burgers are $7 during this time. I had one of the best veggie burgers I have ever had and definitely the best in the valley. My next visit I had the escargot with bleu cheese and it was delicious! I only wish the bread it was served with had been toasted otherwise it was perfect. I can't wait to visit the Gainey Village location.  especially on cold days. The Danish ribs are the best that I've had in the Valley--they fall off the bone and have a devine flavor. Friday lunch special is fish tacos and they are absolutely wonderful! I can go on and on On a recent trip to Scottsdale we randomly found this place and decided to go inside and boy were we impressed.  The ribs were perfect and amazing as was the fish and chips.  Our waiter Jeremy was a pleasure he made us laugh and feel welcome.  Wouldn't mind if he sat down and ate with us he was great!  Loved this place!  everyone knows your name. Wally... he's kind of a grouch. But whatever. I think he's just getting old... and tired of it all. The bar is adorable There is something old school cool about a joint where the Proprietor is almost always present and Wally's is that place. He's the guy with the grey hair and beard who probably handed you your menu. Tell him I said hello and that the Price family loves him like their own." I love the Vegetarian Burger they make here! So delicious! A really good menu and a very nice atmosphere! I recommend it! "My husband and I were heading for the Cork & Cleaver for lunch when it was discovered they were closed due to a fire. Lucky for us we ended up at Wally's and what a find this place is. The employee's are terrific and they really seem to enjoy their jobs. From the moment we walked in we felt like our patronage was wanted. Very comfortable and the greatest part  THIS place is the bomb-diggity!!! They are pretty reasonably priced for the amount of food they give you and oh... the food! Super delicious!! I've had a few different things there now and I'm NEVER let down!! Their French Onion soup is delicious and the cobb salad was outstanding! My ex always get their 4 cheese macaroni and LOVES it!!! You can NEVER go wrong with Wally's!!!!! :-)" "Solid menu! Great food and good atmosphere. Everything that I have had here has been delicious. Burgers To5CjntVFawXM_hpAhvVdQ  Spaghetti w/ HOMEMADE yummy meatballs/spinach/mushrooms (ok ok ok basically everything I've tried lol) and happy hour specials!  Family owned biz w awesome wait staff that know you by name!  Been coming for years and always consistent and fresh!  Also We had a hamburger it was a little dry. Overall just ok. This is a cool place to have a drink but the food NO WAY. It is not memorable and there are too many other food places close by." Great patio!  Great food!  Great staff!" Our waitress and the burgers were great! Started with the spicy wings that were spicy but sooooo tasty. Buttons and bleu burger was delicious and the fries were a mix of regular and sweet potato all in. One yummy mound. They even included an onion ring on the top. Perfection! Give this place a try.  but I thought it was incredibly rude that he would come out to question us! We've never had this experience at any eating establishment anywhere - I was really taken back. This is not indicitive of Wally's - but Wally I highly recommend the chop salad with cold chicken!!"  not ALL areas of the patio are dog friendly according to our host. So we had to sit away from the bulk of table and couldn't sit under the heaters (which also apparently couldn't be moved). It was 50* out and pretty chilly This is for Wally's American Pub/Grill over on Double Tree Ranch Road in Scottsdale - just off Scottsdale Road.  Very good food and a delightfully designed restaurant.  Excellent for a casual meal or for bringing business clients. The food is first-rate! Maybe this was an off day or perhaps I  ust ordered the wrong thing.  I might go back if I were in the area again - if only for the patio experience and I'm not particularly hungry." "An Irish pub on St. Paddy's day must be done!  I came here on Paddy's day for a few beers and lunch.  This is a place I could see myself frequenting once a week.  It has a down to earth vibe to it even though its in Arcadia.  I had the Shepherds pie for lunch.  I wasn't a fan of it It's a little tucked away  the food is really good and very fair priced. The wine was also priced really well and a bonus at half off.  Our server was prompt "service is always fantastic.  food is consistently amazing.  i have enjoyed this place for years.  I highly recommend any burger they make  unique. I saw MANY things that I would eat here when cheating :) Definitely not a healthy food place although they did have salads and veggie burgers. Very loud inside Food is great and the service is spot on. I would highly recommend this place. One of the best spots in the valley--compared to any other." The staff is so wonderful. The food is the best in town.  I hope to see you there because I will be there many times."  frankly not one thing to talk about.  A $10 - $14 burgers and salad kind of joint.  My son ordered the halibut special. The bill for a plate with some rice "Wally's is an upscale pub with a price tag to match but the menu is carefully thought out Ask for the daily specials.  The ribs are great but get there before they run out."  a pub type atmosphere.  Food was way overpriced for pub food. $10 for a wedge salad and $12 for a burger.  Service was mediocre  and haven't been disappointed yet.  Even the kids' mac'n'cheese is to die for!!  My favorite is the chinese chicken salad.  Good variety on the menu with consistent quality of food." To5CjntVFawXM_hpAhvVdQ "I've lived close to Wally's for a few years and have never been there until tonight. Shaun was the most amazing waiter and we  but I haven't been around the area too long yet."  the food is tasty and the prices are reasonable. What more can you ask for? We came here for dinner and sat at the bar but will definitely take advantage of their spacious outdoor patio next time. I ordered the veggie burger with a honey glaze coat which was amazing! My husband got the French dip and I stole a delicious bite. I want to order that next time. The sides were the best because they provide a mix of regular fries Prime Rib is always on point!"  I could see they had a great customer service protocol as we had our drinks within 2 minutes.  I followed suit with the others and ordered their wings ""Wally Style"" and onion rings.  Usually with appetizers This is a great spot if you're popping in to AJ's. Loved it!" Tried this place based on a recommendation and I was happy I did.  Wally seated us and he was really friendly along with all of the other staff.  They have great happy hour deals including delicious burgers!  Their mac n cheese was also really good.  We will definitely be repeat customers.  my friend was using their hot sauce to spice up her chip and the bartender came over and started twisting the lid back on without asking if she was done and my friend had to stop her from taking it away. She clearly has issues with letting people finish their meal. When it came to the bill she had to ask us how many drinks we had because she wasn't keeping track... It seriously was not a lot of drinks to keep track of either. I think this place would be OK if it wasn't for this bartender. I did order a salad on a separate occasion (when I warned her about the hot dip) and that proved to be disappointing as well  because the poor service I've received from Shannon on numerous occasions for take-out would have deterred me from coming back a long time ago."  you'd think the service would be reasonable. The only other time I saw the bartender was when my glass was empty. I ordered another thinking she'd offer me a menu at least...never happened!! So I paid requested my bill and went somewhere else to eat. Btw Their staff is chalk full of hotties." Got the bacon burger. It was so delicious. The cheddar was so good on this. I was really surprised by how much I liked the mixed fries as well. The sweet potato mixed with normal one was a nice twist. Will go again.  they treat you as if you've been coming here for years. They have great sangria and lots of decent beer on tap to go with their delicious food. My favorite dish so far has been the Prime Rib dip Got the gyuere and slab bacon s'mac. It was AMAZBALLS. There are about a dozen other things I want to try but so far so good. I can't wait to try something else. Awesome everyone!!! I'll be back tomorrow night!!!" I love the food and atmosphere at Wallys - the Chicken Vesuvius is sooooo good. Wally`s is my number one go to place in Phoenix to eat and bring people to when they are visiting. I go to Phoenix a few times a month and I frequently find myself eating here.  Their Gruyere and slab bacon s` mac is to die for. Probably my favorite Mac and cheese ever. And I eat a lot of Mac and cheese. Super good atmosphere for a date and they have great service. They were awesome to us last night and they were busy.  It was Valentine's and we still got timely and great service. Love Wallys! We hardly noticed the 3 pregnant women with the 3 toddlers running all over :).  Can't begrudge them for wanting good food!"  but don't order the pannini' s  the prices were fair (especially for amount of food) and outside sitting was perfect!  If ever in Phoenix again  great service and a team that is there to please. Arizona needs more of these establishments. Stay away from the chasins - make these local places florish!" "Chose this place at the last minute based on. Yelp reviews. It did not disappoint. The restaurant is similar to a sports bar theme but you can sit either inside or out. We arrived a little late  excellent menu... it is one of my favorite places to meet folks for dinner!" They make a hellova Cuban! You won't be sad you ordered it! Service is good and fast enough for lunch on a work day.  enjoyed the company of the great bartenders. The ruben sandwich was delicious and so were the wings." I read about Wally's in the Arcadia Times and thought I'd spend some money there (I support local business). I'm so glad Liz was our server - she wore a 'great' smile  local crowd was in this casual bar/restaurant.  We sat at the bar to watch preseason football and enjoy a beer.  The bartender was busy and not very engaging  outdoor seating available." "Group of 6 popped in on a busy Friday night at 7:00.... Never been here before. Greeted like we were old friend and we were told a table could be found in a few minutes. We complicated it by asking for a table with a view of the TV for the baseball game viewers in the group. Wow... Seated within 4 minutes and lovely server who knew the menu well took great care of us. Highlights.... Everyone loved what they got... Onion soup  and a great location. You can't go wrong with Wally's." You can't beat this place for food  was helpful and funny. I would put the 1/2 pound burger in the best of Phoenix class. The asiago bun makes it flavorful and they cook it to the right temp. Mac and cheese variants are delectable. If the second visit is as good  but was very happy with the meal also loved the atmosphere. Although our waitress was visibly irritated with the kitchen timer. Kind of a downer. But great place!" This is a great place in a wonderful neighborhood to kick back in a casual atmosphere for those days you don't want to get all dolled up to go out for a nice meal :)" One of my favorite places to dine in the valley - everything is YUMMY /prices are reasonable / nice variety of items on happy hour menu/ outside dining/ great service  owner is an Ernest Hemingway look alike and I am a fan. I was star struck." Awesome food and service. Don't pass this place up if your in the area. You will regret it. Definitely recommend and make sure you ask for Nico!"  we decided to come here for lunch on a beautiful April afternoon. Our server was fast and friendly. Ordered the local red ale and it was cold and tasty.  My hubs got the smacs with Gruyere and bacon. He devoured it!  I got the grilled artichokes! Loved them!  The blackened chicken and Brie sandwich with mixed fries. It was delicious and ample. Please try this restaurant and sit outside if it's pretty! We had a memorable experience here." Great place. Feels like home cooked meals. Meat loaf is my favorite dish but I have a feeling everything is pretty darn good. "We have driven past this place a million times and hadn't thought to go in until one day we just took the plunge. Its in a great spot and they even have room for a cute little patio. Although I wanted to be bad and get every fried item on the menu Just spent $25 for cold wings and two beers. If I wanted leftovers I would have stayed home for free! Holy smacks!  The mac n chz dishes they have are off the hook. Everything an Irish pub should be. Will definitely be back.  its a big ol' serving!  This could easily be split between three people.  The gorgonzola is so rich and the huge servings of bacon is just insane by any carnivores standards.  Next time we visit Scottsdale we will be back!"  I cannot believe there isn't a line to get in." "Always have great service at Wally's and really enjoy the options they have on their menu.  It is usually fairly busy but never had to wait long. They have daily specials and I have often seen the owner Second visit was just as good as the first. Had the bangers and mashed this time. Great sausage and a large portion. Bring your appetite.  originally intending on staying for just one. I really enjoyed the staff (super attentive)  the hostess as it turns out noticed and apologized profusely.  We ordered the grilled artichoke appetizer and it was AH-MAZING!! When we received our appetizer and drinks and the gal told us the appetizer was on the house and again appologized for the delay in not getting to us sooner.  I don't have a problem with people making mistakes  and they serve it with a side of horseradish aioli. Yum! Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their dinner. And the service is fabulous Cute pub and Atmosphere but slow service. My friends and I went in at lunchtime on a Saturday and it took about 30 minutes before our order for appitizers was taken and it took our entrees 20 minutes to come out after our order was placed placed. The restaurant was only a fourth of the way full so I'm not sure what was taking so long. I'll have to give this place another try another day. Maybe today was just not a great day for them.  this is the third PR I've had this year at good restaurants that seemed to lack flavor so could be I'm used to the family recipe which might be overly seasoned.  For $25 with salad and desert I would not hesitate to recommend this special; service was good for a bar / restaurant settings and the blue cheese salad dressing was excellent.  My friend devoured his steak so my less then 5 stars is a personal rating  and shrimp cocktail were great. My only complaint is that the service was a little slower than I would have liked  at a time when it wasn't very busy. Would definitely give it another try!" Grassroots Kitchen is also pretty legit and I believe Wally's son runs it.  It's near 20th Street and Camelback and worth checking out as well."  it's the only thing I've tried there so far but I am going to be back for more!"  but took time to ask where I was from and to explain the menu with suggestions.  I decided on a cold beer while I mulled it over.  Then a guy walks in and sits down right beside me and starts chatting away.  He seemed like a regular here and a pretty cool guy.  I talked a little with him and asked him for his menu suggestions and come to find out  French Onion soup! The food is solid!   The pineapple infusion and sangria are freaking amazing!  My only issue is the limited amount of low tables.  When I go here with my parents it's not comfortable for them to be up high. There are only a few low tables inside and if it's busy you are out of luck.   Oh and Wally has some good wine!  Nice to see that at a bar."  I really loved this spot and can't wait to try it out again. Arcadia lacks this sort of casual bar/restaurant and though my fiance and I were probably the youngest in there (we sat next to a party of 8 who were 60+) "Why have I never been here before?! This cute little spot is hidden off of 44th Street & Camelback. We walked around & into the courtyard where we were greeted with a warm smile from the host. We decided to sit out on their patio to enjoy Phoenix's lovely weather (the inside was just as charming). Our waitress Julie told us the specials and provides excellent service. I ordered the Cuban which was delicious and instead of fries I subbed a fresh fruit cup for $1 more. The cup had pears  the services was 4 star.and the prices were right where they should be. The rueben was the best REUBEN my wife has everr had  we had trouble finding it because of the glare of the setting sun. I called and immediately apologized for having to ask for directions but could he help. ""You're challenged "Went for Father's Day and always like the food. Nice family friendly. Very relaxed environment. Love their spicy Louisiana Pasta  (more than half way across plate and being separated large enough for a finger nail to be snagged) but still detectable by feel. Needless to say this ruined the meal experience completely. This servers Fairly expensive place for what it is. I think it's prob a good place for middle aged ppl to go out and have beer. Not really my style but food and beers were decent. 