Kind of what you don't want a gay bar to be."  if you don't need a fake ID to get in aren't interested in pedophilia ... don't bother." Occasionally electro or goth type bands perform here as well." I only went for drag shows.  But if you're looking for a wild drag show and cheap drinks head to Blue Moon in L-Ville on Butler Street" I am a PROUD supporter of the GLBT community and you can't change my mind so no hate mail. Thanks."  socialize and roam their 3-4 floors. The dance floor was spacious and there were so many places to go if you grew tired of dancing! I never had one bad night at Pegasus! Every night there was an amazing adventure! The staff was great and the people there were so much fun! I met some great people there and the crowd was almost always friendly and fun. I really hope that Pegasus comes back because Pittsburgh needs it!" We stuck to beers and the prices were very reasonable considering the downtown location. Apparently happy hour runs until midnight! We were able to both have some drinks on the cheap and listen some good music. Definitely returning whenever we're there again!" Staff is super friendly.  During Pride it is a place you can stop into to get a drink cheaper than the beer tents outside."  they have an odd little twist on it every first Thursday of the month." Images is a pretty decent Gay Bar. Friendly bartenders a great new interior. Nothing really too special going on otherwise.  the happiest happy hour plus attractive tattooed men in undies serving shots Tuesday & Friday! ;)"  but we won't go back."  well my impression of this place was not good. being from out of town i expected a bit more  but i Guss that's asking for too much. In all fairness  I'd give this place another chance to earn my business or never to come back. On to the nx." Arrive at 12 since it seemed to get crazy packed on the Friday I visited."  then interrupt the music with another show.  That's a buzz kill for me.  Since I'm not there for the other reason (not that there's anything wrong with that) I probably won't be going back to check out the dance floor again unless the grapevine sends an alert that they've cranked up a regular Friday or Saturday thing.  But I'm keeping my eye on these guys because if they did get ""dance serious"" during weekend prime time it would be hopping mad."  but I really enjoy myself at Scorpio when we go. When we first moved here we read some bad things about it but we decided to check it out anyway to make our own opinion. On Wednesdays and Fridays This is SUCH a fun bar and it is huge!!  The music is fantastic and there is so much room to dance.  There is also an outdoor area and a separate salsa bar.  Fridays is all you can drink beer for an $8 cover.  They do have drag shows (not sure of the days) and they are pretty fun to watch.  I think this place is a blast for straight and gay people! pretty cool club right by where i live staff could be nicer though  and they have lots of cool drag shows that are pretty awesome to watch. There is a fair mix of people on most days. It is extremely ghetto on Saturday though  free draft beer on Wednesday. Other specials are normally only 3 bucks which is good in my book!  I read on another review that the drinks were weak but like every bar if you tip them well your bartender will treat your right.  If your looking for something fun to do with no frills and no pretentious people this is the place."  i dont know who is the dj now but i know there will always be some good music to dance my a** off to. :) been going here for years and will probably go for many many more. proud this is one of the oldest gay clubs in nc! :) go scorpio!"  many hours out of my way to see performers elsewhere before I ever gave this place another dime or a minute of my time. PS - I still love you  all-the-time packed with hot gorgeous people. Cover is $10 and free well draft beer is included on Wednesdays and Fridays. Sundays is another great crowded night. Music is always great as a mix between Dance House and Top-40 Hip-Hop.  AVOID Saturday nights if you don't want to get shot or stabbed!! Overall a great place  and the crowd loves dancing & drinking! I'd say its perfect for the 18-30 age group!" Sundays used to be all you can drink vodka for 10 dollar cover... After paying our cover they let us know that beginning this week vodka drinks are 2 dollars... Why would anyone come on Sunday if they're pouring 2 dollar glasses of cranberry juice? Would give it 0 stars if I could. Getto place with workers that don't give a damn about customer service! Never will go here or recommend to anyone that they waste any money on this place! hmmm the guy that work up front hates his life but the club pretty fun if you have nothing better to do  no diversity. Apparently this place has been around forever though which is pretty cool.. not sure if its gay owned or operated now but when it first opened in 1974 it wasn't. Music was pretty good. I'd go back again and try another night.. was a bit disappointed by lack of diversity  segregation in crowd.. I'm a Yankee so my experience was a bit backwards like stepping back in time. I know people that go more often and have fun COkT6HcVRY8Ur2nRTYY5wg And they have a really hot bartender... Did I mention that already?"  and worthy of praise from a new customer local Charlotte born gay male. Indeed this club bar is worth the time and the money spent for quality and quantity. Plus Fun place. Only go on Sunday's for free vodka and show. Not too packed. Stays open later than 2 am. Only one floor open Sunday's Don't waste your time music out of date. Drinks are watered down this is Memorial day weekend and this club is boring as hell very outdated horrific Dj ...... and they charged 10.00 to get in the front entrance smelled of urine  Charlotte is a very big city this is a shame. ... "Being the adventurous gays that check out most any available gay bar we decided to check out the Woodshed.  This is Charlotte's Levi  Leather Butch Daddy-Bear bar and tame compared to the stigma.  And with North Carolina's laws about bars and memberships  and for cheap eats to soak up all the alcohol Miguel's on Business Center Drive right down the street is serving the best cheapo Mexican food in Charlotte. One of the two gay bars in North Carolina worth bothering to visit in my opinion."  easy to get to...next to the freeway & airport. Staff is super friendly  which means everyone is treated well.  Probably the coolest place to go clubbing - you can go as you are or wear your evening gown This place has a fun dance atmosphere. It's actually geared for the Gay community but on Thursdays a lot of striaght people go as well which is fun. C street is where the boys are in Champaign." "I went to Chester Street Bar on a Monday evening on finals' week... needless to say that the place was rather empty. In fact  and hot ones...so where do they hang out? I have another theory too.. that the really cool liberal towns are the ones that don't have great gay bars any more because if you're gay you can go anywhere and feel comfortable... we don't have to feel ghetto-ized any more... that's my theory."  and most of the staff hasn't changed much either even though I think Tom has fired all of them at least a dozen times.  It was almost surreal looking at all the new cliques and putting their ""roles"" with the roles played by my friends and I years ago.  I'm not 20 anymore so the trip to C Street wasn't followed by a trip to Perkins but instead was followed by a massive hangover the next day.  C Street helped me become who I am today and I still have many of the friends I met back then  and I am in the process of actually planning a trip back soon....long over due.  C/U is a fun town period.  C Street is a nice little gem snug in the middle of the city where people can be themselves & dance the night away to the best club/house beats."  and the cover is a bummer. Floor / counter tops can be sloshing with alcoholic liquid though..." "This is usually the last stop of the night whenever I go out. It's definitely one of the better ""party scenes"" in the downtown area!" Parking is relatively easy . There's always parking in the rear."  there are still the creepers who hang at the bar and there is typically cover on the weekends  plenty of other bars that would be happy to have my money. Cheers!" Edit: I will add that I still think the drag shows are worth the 2 hour drive from where I live. If I were closer I would probably go more often."  our community used to have a vibrant scene in town and I think it could again but not if venues bump 'our' night for frat parties and pull stunts like last night's." Packed. Lovely. The bar is full and the drinks are strong. The music is loud and the people are...well..cute. lol Or usually not. But that's just me. Clean the floors. Remodel the bathrooms. Keep on GETTIN it with the drag shows.  depending on the night. I'm a fan of the Drag Shows every Sunday night."  the artist was better. I also really liked that they kept spinning music after the concert was over to keep us dancing  enticing options for guests. Bud Light and Coors Light taste just as shitty in a glass as they do on draught." The crowd is extremely diverse. The drinks are good and cheap  there are good times to be had here.  The people watching is spectacular and everyone is super friendly... just watch out for the 70+ year old (!) tranny who looks just amazing Just really needs better parking. But that's not too much of an issue."  and the best part...a POOL TABLE!! so you can feel the burn of the smoke in your eye while shooting...i love it..."  laughing and having a good time 2 stars. Only cause the drink prices are good. This place is awesome! My favorite lesbian bar in town! "I really do keep meaning to go for free line dance lessons.  Good prices  this bar was one of the factors on moving down to this area. You will see me there alot. love the people and how nice the employees are. Both indoor and outdoor seating. I came from seattle and this bar is way better than any of the lesbian clubs on Capitol hill." $10 minimum on credit cards." All in all we always have a good time when we go.  We will keep going back but I would love to see the owner or staff rake pride in the place. Also realize only 2 out of the 300 people are dancing to that country crap.  If u don't want to give it up totally then sneak a country on in here and there but let us dance to that awesome dance music you occasionally tease us with."  they're not pretentious and there's never a wait/cover to get in.  The bartenders are chill and remember you even if it's been a long time.  I love Kat and the other bartender (name unknown to me) with the lovely silver hair who always asks ""what'll it be  the ""scene"" is so much fun. There are several clubs to go to and any night is a great time. That brings us to the Phoenix scene and The Cash.Oh wait  we probably will go back. Staff and people were friendly BIG WORD OF ADVICE!-------- Do not leave your purse in your car. On Saturdays the police are called for car break ins. My friend actually got her window busted in and her purse stoen.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"  just don't--but the occasional respectful visit is most definitely in order. You will be delighted and welcomed." The bar tenders are incredible and take care of you well! TIP EM BIG!!"  the Cheer's of Phoenix's lesbian population This has absolutely become my favorite bar in Phoenix. There are some weeks that I go multiple times. The atmosphere is so relaxed and inviting. Whether you want to dance and dip or unwind after a long day you can do either here! Will always be my number one choice!  the exterior is nothing to get excited about but not to fear  the staff is great and the people are so fun to dance with. I love how it's not all country it's a mixture of music which's great.. Everyone gets a long and we're all just some kind of family when we all get together dance with each other n share some great laughs.. Love that they have dance lessons too it was the first place where I was taught two step and line dancing. This place is awesome and the HOTTEST OF THE HOTTEST Lesbians come here... Hope it keeps going strong for many years to come."  so be careful walking out to your car late at night."  I will not stand quietly in the corner while you talk shit about Trans people. On top of it I got kicked out after just showing up because I was ""too drunk"" when really the bitch who picked an argument with me cause she wanted to say shit about another lgbt community decided to go tattle on me. You're right tho  that was the point I was trying to make and clearly no one was giving a fuck. I've been disrespected in there multiple times and I apologize that this time I spoke out about it and the person didn't like what I had to say." This place by far is the worst bar I've ever been to! They are all rude!! You can not have fun at this place because they will kick you out! If you like the smell of a urial and rude old women around you then go here. "This place is amazing. I am new to the lesbian scene and after scoping out venues found my new home. Billed as a country dance bar but do not be put off by that if you don't like country music or line dancing because it is way more than that. Phoenix's best lesbian hangout  don't know why I ever came back in here. The service is always horrible  I still enjoyed watching the ladies have fun dancing and drinking and mingling. I can't wait to go back. The outside patio was packed The bartender with the long hair is absolutely the best. The owner is very sweet. I went here last week Wednesday and it was Not poppin on Thursday . This was my first time coming here. It is very spacious and the music was great. There just was no one there. Come out and show love to them on Thursday nights. I am new in town and I was thoroughly disappointed with the lack of support from the community. I'm a straight and went to this lesbian bar and got to use a Coupon and I got a blue moon 18 oz for only 3.75. Great first time just wish there was more straight girls here so I could vibe with but overall a good lesbian bar. Jen is a great bartender & definitely recommend her! "I get that's it's a ""country"" inn but for god sake country music sucks and sucks to party to. They play hip hop every tenth or so song and the dance floor fills up. Then back to 20 country songs and watching the same three couples do the same damn spin moves around the floor. This shit would never survive in Cali and by the looks of it in a Saturday night 0VpsHbGLHDVKIKAi0ZliyQ  I've been a regular there. I'm sure if you venture there for afterhours some Friday or Saturday night you'll see yours truely tearing it up on the dance floor to some of the hottest hip-hop and reggeton around! If you do Fun place. Music is mostly good. Drinks over priced. Lot of hot latin guys. But its hard if u dont speak spanish well. N clickish. But becareful lots of cops in area.  drinks or retardedly over priced & the parking is ridiculous. The inside of the club only smells more worse then the urinal because the little tiny room they call a bathroom is 2x2! You can't pay me to come back there. I wish I had known how horrible this place was before I got suckered into going & basically throwing away my money." "Ihavent been here in a year. I used to love coming here but i realized the djs suck. Never play a request and dont know how to keep asteady beat. Its probably the only 18+ club for gay guys on the weekend next to forbidden or whatever they call it now. I havent been during bar hours cuz i just turned 21. The crowd is all latino gay guys with a couple of black and white guys. The outdoor patio is pretty big with benches tables and a huge fountain that looks like everyones been in it someway or another. The dance floor is medium sized and has a few mini stages in every corner. 5 bucks fridays and saturdays for 18+ after 2am. If u ask me hard up for cash look extra sexy so a cute Latino will buy your drinks for u duh!" This spot is pretty dope! Had fun and low drama! Cute little latin club. Only been here Sat nights and it's $5 cover past 2 AM. Good music but dance floor gets packed and not the biggest. Parking can get to be a pain on those nights too. A plus for the younger crowd is it's an 18+ club. Neat patio area in the back. Give it a try! "Very tiny bathrooms. Drinks are overpriced compared to non gay bars. I do appreciate the design  If your looking for a bottom boy this is the place.  Lots of fem Latino dudes here. Lol no seriously this place is crap I have been suckered to come here a few times for a birthday party and some other events and it's no fun the drag show is lame or the acts I have seen are the Dj is good plays some different tunes the a/c is non existent I think they use a swamp cooler. The bathroom is the size of a toilet stall and always packed that u have to piss in the alley where there is plenty of hookers at your disposal. The drinks are expensive  you can't help but hop on to the dance floor and dance the night away. Usually around 2AM the security lets the 18+ go in and the last hour starts popping but either way it's always popping. I highly recommend this night club. Everyone minds their own business and they just go to have a good time which is great. Don't like clubs that want to argue. A great patio as well to go and relax for a bit and go back in and keep on dancing."  pretty watered down and each bartender had a different price for the same drink.." Parking is a bit crowded; but you just have to park away from the club and walk. I don't mind walking though." Tonight we were DISSSS...APPOINTED!  They charged $10 because they had a Mariachi band on the patio...at a gay club...what are they thinking???   Interesting and entertaining (for a hot minute) perhaps but not a special event.  I hope this isn't going to be a trend - club was emptier and I can see why." This is a nice place if you like High energy Latin music. The staff is nice enough and the club has a nice layout. The patio is well lit and the air conditioning is only running (unlike some other AZ spots). Definitely worth a visit if you're trying to dance. Oh well. Torrid and Guitar Center seem to do just fine without my business. I'm sure Cruisin 7th will do just fine."  it's an okay place.  The motto should be:  Don't lick anything with your tongue.  My modus operandi:  Get in  the awkwardness made this place weird. I always thought it was just a neighborhood alcoholic bar  join the interesting set at C7. Friday night's drag show starts about 10:30 and Daveena Ross is an elegant hostess. Bring $1s to help them fund college or make-up. If you like clones "I love this little dive. Amazing patrons and friendly bartenders. Always had an enjoyable time here. If you are a fan of dive bars  there was some crackhead outside smoking talkin bout shankin people and i honestly thought he was gonna shank me. The old bartender that was there which i dont recall but i think he had all of three teeth was rude and the prices werent all that for us to be puttin up with it. Our group sang maybe two songs in the two hours we were there but the worst of the night was when i had to break the seal. The bathroom was covered in diahrea all over the toilets and groung with toilet paper scattered everywhere and when i told the bartender I do think this is a big staple bar of the LGBT community and everyone can have a blast here. Just don't set your hopes too high. Expect an eclectic crowd and go in with an open mind."  we have been loyal customers for 5 years and its a shame mgt doesnt care about their workers or what their customers want we are now going to FREAKY FRIDAYS at FRIENDS AGAIN"  smelly guys rubbing into me...yuck. I be-lined it for the patio for escape and stayed there until my friends were ready to leave. Just a awkward mix of very ""interesting ""people "Although there is lots of fun to be had here- the atmosphere of the show does not make up for the lack of cleanliness and overall ""ICK"" factor.  I love me some dive bars "I haven't had a night out like this since Living in SF. These ladies had so much vibrance and personality! The show started slightly after 10:30 and I went in on a Friday to celebrate a friends birthday it was worth the wait! Drinks were cheap but the performance was not. The dive bar ambiance gave it a very comfortable feel I love drag shows and on saturday nights this is one if not the best! Like Lemon drops ? Have ken serve you one of his infamous Lemon Drop Cocktails" why was I here? BECAUSE I WILL PARTY ANYWHERE PARTYING NEEDS TO BE DONE! Cheap brew and very interesting atmosphere............like.....the most interesting. Have you ever been to a trinket shop?......there's a ton of shit to look at.....and it doesn't get old.....until you barf on your silk button up shirt and have to be dragged to the nearest dumpster to get some much needed rest.  and prices are more than fair."  all the employees are great I'm going back for more this place is GREAT!!"  flirty and fun..Plazma is a good bar to be yourself." I personally like going there on karaoke night. Its 1 dollar for a glass of beer. The bartender is friendly and the karaoke host is a really cool guy. Theres always decent amount of people but not too crowded. If you like singing 4 or 5 times in a night then this is your place on a thursday night Decent. Low key. Minimal attitude from patrons and staff.  but the staff will take your drinks before your finished.  The staff need some serious training on customer service."  not for the stripper night (that attracts all sorts of creepy and shady characters.)" lF1xl8uiYRSLCibhb31sew  this is a great neighborhood unpretentious bar."  and there's a good amount of parking. Overall I've been going to plasma for a few years now met some amazing friends. This place is really awesome! It really is the gay Cheers!  THE place to be other night for others. Great people and staff and always a stiff drink. Perfect place to pull up a seat at the bar and meet some great people." We always have fun there but have to say the service (especially from the older gentelman) totally sucks!!!!!! What a horrible person. He would be the reason. I don't go back. To the owner please consider either training or getting rid of him. This a friendly neighborhood bar offering great happy hours and live entertainment several nights of the week plus an excellent Sunday brunch.  Be sure to check out the Freaky Fridays shows featuring Celia Putty each Friday night. Hopefully the happy hour will get back to the way it used to be. It's a great place to go on a Friday after work. Some good people and good happy hour vittles to nosh on before dinner. Just get there after me  I would totally wear a friends T-shirt if they have them.  I love the logo." So now when you're driving down Indian School and pass this crazy little place called Friends you may just want to stop in to take in the sights and a few cocktails." We live near here service is always pretty good and my husband and I enjoy having a place to walk I and feel comfortable with good prices and shot recommendations!  it's a really nice cozy bar to hang out and have drinks and even enjoy the entertainment. But this is also a good place to come for a delicious light lunch or brunch at friendly prices.  The good food and drinks  and enjoy.  Zorfs is following the same agenda while adding new energy and apparent increasing clientele.  Check out Zorfs on Yelp and add your comments.  The owner Karaoke runs from Thursday night through Saturday night.  And they have other themed evenings throughout the week incl. (I am not making this up) the Greek God Revue stripper show hosted by catty drag queens on Sunday night." "Lounge? Squeeze me. Let's just call it what it is here homos. A bar. Apollo's Bar. And that's not a bad thing (said in true Seinfeldian manner). In fact it's a good thing (he says with a Martha Stewart smirk). Sometimes a place like Apollo's is just the ticket. A neighborhood bar The staff is awesome!  Everyone in the crowd was really friendly and I will definitely go back!"  whether you're in shorts and a t-shirt If you are a lesbian between the ages of 21-35 this is not your spot"  the company that does karaoke here is the same as the one that does it at Kobalt (another gay bar in Midtown's Park Central complex). If you are into a social and dynamic bar scene with a pretty diverse crowd and karaoke as part of the experience My original review was almost a year and a half ago before their interior remodel and new outdoor patio (as a response to the 2006 smoking in bars ban)."  but it never got so full of people where I was getting knocked into or where it was impossible to move. All and all  I definitely like the overall vibe here. I think it's also one of the oldest gay bars in Phoenix."  friendly staff.. will return!" "I have gone to Apollo's on occasion over the years even before they remodeled. I don't live in the immediate vicinity so I only stop in when in the area and the mood strikes.  The crowd can be diverse but generally tame. I had the recent displeasure of stopping in on a Wednesday with two friends visiting from S.F. The crowd was sparse and we sat at the bar. A young 90's slacker looking bar tender came to take our order. We ordered a rum and coke Well....flash forward a few hours and Meredith Brooks' ""Bitch"" was coming out of my mouth. I blame the strong drinks and great service at Apollo's. The crowd was great  is to charge me $6 for a Red Bull with no liquor.  Bunkhouse usually charges me $2.  The back patio is small and skinny lLI8ObL8aCVbkrrtAW0EHw "Much better experiences than what I experienced in my initial review.  The prices are now more in line with that other bars are like in Phoenix Always a great place!  Owners are really nice and the service is great!  I stop by time to time and it always feels like you never left!  Added bonus.. people remember your name!  I love that! Not my #1 choice of gay bar in Phoenix  and the scene is usually a mix of gay men and pretty girls. Win. I like to sing karaoke and this is a place where I can sing Prince in a mostly awful falsetto and still get cheered."  Apollo's is fun on Sundays for their various drag shows and strippers afterwards." "Wonderful neighborhood feeling. The bartender Nikki is the BEST hands down. Very attentive and personable bartender  very friendly staff and its CLEAN!! The patio is awesome and full of great conversation!!" When I'm feeling low and looking for a great atmosphere to cheer me this is where I go! Great drinks and the staff is so very nice. Throw a little karaoke in for fun and this is most definetly the place to be.   I'm outside in the beer garden having a cigarette when the owner came up to me and said that I smell pot on my person. I told him that I was a medical patient and that I medicated before I got to the bar.  He told me not to smoke in the parking lot.  I told him I haven't  until I checked my bank account and find the erroneously overcharged me over $35.00. When I called they tried to tell me it was a debit ""hold"" for tip. It was not. This was a week later and the charge went through. They said they would have someone call me back. They did not. I got the run around and they gave themselves a very generous tip at my expense. Have fun Yd2EYrXC2ZtpDi6nOGQbZg  and take part with the shitty employers. We order  drinks and the asked us to leave the place  and take part with the shitty employers. We order  drinks and then asked us to leave the place I am currently in the bar now and receiving such service that is very poor. Unprofessional and lazy. However one person does not an experience make. It is a neighborhood bar and we wanted to support it.  but they also serve bar food (nachos  it's fun to go on a Tuesday for 2 for 1...lots of guys and a generally positive environment.  All the TVs tend to be a distraction when everyone is really there just to check out the crowd and drink "Roscoe's will always occupy a special place in my heart.  It was the first gay bar I went to after arriving in Phoenix nearly eight years ago 7srDFwPPnzBaQoPW55Dc8Q "Am I the only one who thinks Balls would be a great name for a sports bar? But. Here in gay ole Phoenix. We have Roscoes. While they'd like everyone to think it's a sports bar for everyone. Really. It's gay people. Gay as Ross the Intern. As gay as Richard Simmons sparkly  but it seems the owners are very happy with the status quo." "Picure it. Roscoe's. Saturday night. 11:00. Deadsville USA = Crabby gay ass bartenders. Me and Rickie? All pumped up. Having fun. Celebrating a fantastic evening we had with CeCe Peniston earlier with a couple beers and a round of darts. I won't tell you who won "OK. So I was a little put off on a recent visit to Roscoe's. I chose yelp to rant and update my previous positive review. Two words. Chili Cook Off. Wait. I think that's three. Nonetheless I was a judge at Roscoe's chili contest and I have to say I HAD THE BEST TIME EVER! If I'm not invited back next year  and the drinks were strong ( Plus Plus!) and well worth the money.... I will be returning most definitely! Thanks for a great time!" I know next to nothing about sports. Nada. Zip. But I had the best time at this gay sports bar! This place is pure fun. The drinks are very strong and the bartender was very cute and friendly. The music was good for it being a sports bar. Strange thing though.... nobody seemed to be actually watching sports on the many televisions located around the bar. Saw somebody eat a nice looking salad next to me. Smelled heavy on the garlic but that may be to taste. I didn't feel out of place at all even though my favorite sport is reading. Just a really fun time that is easy on your wallet. Definitely going to be going back there soon! Bacon B: How did I get to bed and where are my underwear?" "One of my favorite places for a bite to eat.  There aren't many gay establishments that serve food in Phoenix - this is likely the best.  Their sliders (I've had them on four different occasions) are awesome.  Three pool tables  I don't remember a lot of things after this. The train became a wreck  darts and conversation. Would definately go back." Side note: They do not take credit cards on tuesdays. Bring cash or there is an ATM on site." 7srDFwPPnzBaQoPW55Dc8Q  but I wanted to give it a fourth star for being a gay bar that a straight can feel comfortable sitting in for a while." Even if you like that sort of thing Friday evenings they have this creepy dancer thing going on.  With ""strippers"" that don't strip.  I would avoid Fridays if possible because the dancers try to force you into the back room for paid sessions...unless that's your thing."  was a comfortable vibe."  but its defiantly worth checking out once." "I absolutely love this place!  Best Bloody Mary Bar on Sundays!!!  Great Service  especially for the fact that there's a handful of solitary non-social women that come in to occupy a bar stool & drink water...."  good food but too expensive.  They even charged me for requested BBQ sauce  or a football playoff Sunday brunch - I am definitely a fan of Roscoe's!" "For the second time in two weeks I've sat at my table for 15 minutes before having to go to the bar to get a drink. Service has went downhill quickly. I should add that there are two cocktail servers and another two behind the bar this evening AND four to five open tables. No excuse for bad service Nice dive bar... usually older crowd. "I've been here before and received the same dismal and uninterested service both times. Sad. Our group was here for Sunday NFL breakfast and though the Bloody Mary bar looked tempting  but really wish they would do something about the bathroom. OH and stainless steel toilets are ice fucking cold on girl bums!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Ehhhh. Crappy pool tables and sticks. Disconnected and/or untrained bartenders. Two for one beers was nice. ATM didn't work. Left after the free beer. Very girly adult crowd; nothing like watching forty somethings engaged in a Brittany impression battle from across the bar. I never come here and I won't likely be a regular."  I started getting into the idea of watching Michigan State football while listening to Rhianna.  The breakfast burrito yesterday was tasty and cheap  which you wouldn't expect necessarily from a bar kitchen. Very casual and fun atmosphere where anyone - including my mom - is comfortable. Fun staff and always great service. Great on Friday nights and Saturday and Sunday day drinking!"  the only disappointment is that I am an out of towner look for a bar and grill. No grill after 7pm which I thought was odd." Kyle needs to go to customer service school." "Sunday night during gay pride weekend and as we enter the bar the bartender looks at us and walks away. We go to the bathroom and when we come out the bartender looks at us and goes to ""the office/back room"" and sits down and plays on his phone. We're standing at the bar waiting for service and are simply ignored. Note to owners  a couple of tvs and a portable stripper pole.  This place use to be packed on various nights.  I stopped there last night for a beer and there were ten people there including the staff.  Sad Love the place now that it's under new management!  Great drink prices both happy hour and non. Great bar food and a great place to watch your favorite sports! Great service as well. Recommended for bor both gay and straighr. Sunday Fundays are the best!" Walked in the other night and the place still smells like sewer. Heavy smell of restroom deodorizer but still a sewer smell. We had to leave immediately. It's been like this for at least 3-6 months and it's awful. Seriously have tried this bar several times as they sponsor our kickball league.  But the service and the wait staff are the absolute worst. They act like they are doing you a favor to take your order and if you get your order at all.  Won't be back any time soon  we go for the drink specials inclusive of two of my top choices being mimosas and Bloody Mary's. Solo or with friends 