 if showing it's age (though remorselessly)." What's there to say?  It's a Northside institution and always has a mixed crowd that is super cool and friendly.  The bartenders are friendly and manage to remember my name and drink choice even though I'm here only a few times a year.  My Friday nights here must have made quite an impression!  I love the decor here  I get the Wienerschnitzel.  Try the German Potato Salad and or the Sweet and Sour Cabbage.  And don't forget dessert.  The desserts are homemade by the owner's wife." IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ  birthday parties or other types.  i was raised only a few blocks from this place so i've eaten here quite a bit.  i've had most of what's on the menu so it's hard to decide what is best.  very authentic german food and a good neighborhood bar."  you have a lot of options.  The basement ""Rathskellar"" is more bar-like in its atmosphere.  It would be a good place for some guys to have a birthday party or something.  For a rehearsal dinner or other formal event IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ Menu Fav: Potato Pancake Reuben. Forget the bread and wrap your lips around sweet potato pancakes and loads of corned beef. Try the hot potato salad too."  and should be supported for the long standing quality service to the city. Thanks  and cabbage as sides. The bread brought out before the meal included apple butter and sweet & sour relish (cabbage) and those were excellent too. Would love the sweet & sour relish in a side size portion it is so delicious. The red dining room is nicely decorated and love the cuckoo clock that is reminiscent of my grandmother's. The beer out of the mason jar is a fun touch.  Our bill came to $29 (1 beer  service was worse! Went and got Sushi!"  you can't find much better German food than this and at this price!  Both of my parents favor the peasant platter.  Me Have been  eating at Max's for 20 years.  One of the restaurants I misss the most now that I'm out of the 'Burgh.  Visit often and always stop by.  Great food and great Beer....not a bad combo.  I have dreams at night about there wurst platter and spatzele with cheese....definately a don't miss attraction I didn't order the ""corned beef meatballs"" ...I can not believe they make such a thing." "Visiting from San Francisco. Food was mediocre at best. Bland is the best description.  Sausages and  Weiner Schmitzel were unremarkable. Best was the sweet & sour cabbage that accompanied. But also served were over-boiled 'daily vegetable' of snap peas It's hard not to like this place. I'm still having cravings for those pancakes :("  you just want to go back again and again. You'll be in the middle of finals and think ""sampler platter please."" If you're going out in the North Side to catch a game or out to a museum  the food is the only thing you're going for.  The staff could use some help on customer service."  but food was less than mediocre.  Won't be back. Weisswurst was very bland.  Sauerbraten was dry and tasteless.  Spaetzle was We both ended up ordering Max's Goulash that was suggested by another Yelper! You can't go wrong when you have that recommendation. This is not our small town neighborhood goulash made from egg noodles and a mix with ground beef. The noodles in this feast were homemade and chunky I really like this Northside institution.  They serve the beer in jars and I had Spaten German beer- very good.  They put really buttery free popcorn on the table so be careful- the grease sticks to your fingers.  In the bar they have an old fashioned player piano.  I really like the German fare- big portions. The schitzel is good but not great but overall way better than Hofbrauhaus and not Disney- it's the real McCoy. The restaurant was almost empty; I have no idea why the host chose to seat a loud party of five next to a couple having a quiet dinner."  and I hear the beer is pretty good too. If I lived in Pittsburgh  did we ever chow down. About as authentic as you can get and that comes from someone who lived in Bavaria for 3 years and has traveled extensively through Germany over the years. If you're into German food I NEED to go back soon so I can try more of their food. One visit isn't enough. I had my sample and I want more!" Give Max's a try.....it might make your favorite like it did mine!" The goulash was (sickeningly) sweet and the bread pudding wasn't sweet at all.  But the atmosphere is kind of cool.  And the prices are downright cheap.  but I wouldn't suggest it nor would I go on my own.  Oh well Overall a positive experience. I'd go back."  though...please fix your outdoor sign. Usually it shines out like a red and blue beacon in the night for people to find their way there  and a menu I'm looking forward to exploring from top to bottom. They even have my favorite dessert from when I was little "Really excellent German food. Everything on the menu is delicious. I always enjoy the knockwurst platter. The potato pancakes are great.  I used to think German food was always heavy  kind and super nice."  sauerbraten and the basket of German rolls served with sauerkraut salad and apple butter.  The waitresses have been there for years One of my favorites places back home in PA!"  I always end up getting the potato pancakes.  If you are looking for a place to check out that isn't going to be as crowded and will be more ""authentic"" German food than other places you should definitely come to Max's!"  the service was great.  Had a whole feast of great dishes.  The best sauerkraut i've ever had -- subtle I would definitely recommend this place to anybody who likes ethnic All together I think our bill was around $35 (no alcoholic beverages consumed).  Some might consider this a tad pricey but the food is so good I usually don't mind the slightly higher cost.  Service has never been a problem for me in fact they've always been helpful when I have questions about the menu.  Full bar with numerous good beers on tap.  If you want German food in Pittsburgh  but they were also awesome.  I had a smattering of delectable bites.  The scones were so moist and tasty.  I had to stop myself from taking more than 20.  I also had some carrot cake  and the interior reminds me a little of eating at my grandmother's house."  but I'd be weary of spending another $75 for lunch for 3 people and getting sub par food and a bar that can't pull off a basic drink. I hate to say  but none of the offerings stood out as memorable. If you are looking for a reasonably priced brunch you could do worse than Max's Cons: no reservations for parties under 5" been here a number of times and it's my favorite German food in Pgh!  I really don't plan on returning to the restaurant again any time soon. I'll be sticking with the fun environment and overall good food at Hofbrauhaus I got a good idea what this place is all about and I have to say that I will be back for more."  yet effective. Danke." German food and German beer served in a mason jar. Best in Pittsburgh. The history of the tavern and the friendly makes this wish me that I lived closer to Max's. "The food isn't as good as it once was.  The atmosphere is kind of dark and needs to be updated.  We ordered potato pancakes that had to be returned because they somehow tasted fishy (I don't even want to speculate).  The other items we ordered were ok. Staff is great Both the hostess and the server were polite and attentive." I've been to Max's a few times and have been very pleased with both the food and service. I recommend trying the spinach salad with hot bacon dressing  and delicious food at a great value.  Will definitely go back for authentic German fare." Fun place and our server was great.  She definitely helped give this place a family friendly feel." A neighbor talked me into going here for the brunch and I was glad she did. For an all you can eat brunch they do a nice job keeping things stocked and fresh. The omelet chef was very good making stuff just as you asked him for "My husband and I have been to this restaurant many times over the past 20 years and went for sandwiches tonight. Sorry to say it was the worst food we have ever eaten at this place. Reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat. Sweet potato fries were not edible. We ate at a table at the bar and told Andy our bartender but got zero satisfaction. Since we've had such a bad experience and no effort by the restaurant to remedy a BAD MEAL  the service is equally good (I can only speak for the bar area). I get the pierogies appetizer. It's fried pierogies As if this wasn't good enough our check was only $22! We will definitely be back soon  but it's just my personal taste. The portions are large and atmosphere is very relaxing and casual. I like it." They have a good selection of beers and even offer a sampler option.  The dessert selection looked delicious IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ "This is americanized German food.  For real German food It wasn't bad enough that I'd say don't try it and see - just understand it may not be exactly what you expect."  but the meal of pork and apple raisin sauce was out of this world."  but I don't know if I'd go again on my own."  but it was worth it.  My boyfriend was pretty happy he got to finish my leftovers.  The German potato salad I had for my side was equally as good.  It had a bit of a bite to it So much of what they have would be good if it was kept at least warm. Since they have it in chaffing dishes  and much of the furniture looks like it was in this house and just remained when it converted to a restaurant.  Max's location in Old Deutschtown on the North Side fits it perfectly.  They even offer a shuttle to Heinz Field on Steeler game days (small fee applies)." There was a variety of entrees ordered from sausage platters to wiener schnitzel and everyone seemed pleased with their meals. You get a lot for your money and I'll never turn down a chance to eat potato pancakes!"  and it's old school charm is certainly a plus. But I can promise you you won't be disappointed with the authenticity of home cooked style German cuisine. I'm from Los Angeles and we have nothing this good there." 5 stars because I accept it for what it is.  Really good German comfort  food with killer drafts.  And the fact that the place has been there for forever makes it super cool.  I love the player piano and put a quarter in every time!  PS. the popcorn at the bar is sooooooooo good too. Very good old school German American food (nothing innovative here). Was here on a Saturday night and the placed was packed. Really loved the cheddar cheese stuffed deep fried pretzels and the potato pancakes. This place is great for brunch on Sunday! The service is great and the food is delicious. I always leave stuffed and happy.  and German potatoes. Oh yeah... Right Choice! Took a little longer than usual as there was a Large Party of 16 that ordered Just prior to us. Happy to say the waitress took Great care of us  usually one of the schnitzel meals.  Recently went with a sampler platter.  Really good way to get several different tastes.  Always look forward for a meal here." "I really like this place. It has a neat atmosphere where the entrance has a nice bar and then there are a few other rooms that have the feeling of a living room or dining room. I really enjoy their brunches IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ Definitely recommend giving this a try." I love the sausages and the stuffed pretzels are amazing  the servers are always very friendly and efficient.  There is also ample street parking I think what won me over as the basket full of bread. Not only was there a surplus of meat but also bread?? Free? Indescribable happiness." "Overall great German food!  I love the liver and onions above all else.  The kase spatzle is delicious "This used to be the best German food in town. I have seen a gradual decline in the food over the past several years. The gravies have changed and the Max's Goulash (one of my favorite dishes) has a different sauce (strangely dessert sweet) and change in the protein. The sides are still great  but I've had better at Das Wald Cafe (http:  www.yelp.com biz das-waldcafe-newport-news)." "Old Pittsburgh at its finest.  This place isn't trying to be anything other than what it is  - an excellent old school German restaurant.  The drawback with this restaurant is how crowded and loud it can be during the busy time.  It's much nicer when it's not so busy.  Otherwise The following day was the 2nd annual Deutschtown Music Festival. The neighborhood is working toward revitalization I have eaten at Max's Allegeny Tavern multiple times.  The food and service is allways great.  it is a North Side must. My first real German food experience and I can't wait to go back. Everything was delicious. I had the Max's Sausage Platter. Loved it all. Left nothing in my plate. I was with a big group of people and no one took a doggie bag home. Big menu. The restaurant has this small down home feel to it. The bar is really pretty. Great place.  and the brats are pretty good.  Max's is far and away better than the breweries or chain theme restaurants.  The place is quiet  Great food.  Good beer choices.  Good service. What else is there?  As good as it gets  home-made German food that is extra delicious.  Really neat place too!  Potato Pancakes are delicious.  Can't wait to go back.  I would take out of town people here instead of Church Brew any day."  staff is really nice and I believe they offer their patrons a free ride to and from on game days!"  awesome deal and a great way to try all of their German beers without going overboard. We'll be back PS--thanks for the nausea and hurling about 6 hours after dinner." This place is fantastic! I happened to stumble upon it one night with some friends and what a wonderful place. The food is awesome! We ordered a bunch of appetizers. They were huge portions and super tasty. I have been back several times since then and have not been disappointed yet.  My favorite thing was probably the pretzels! (Mega YUM!) This is my favorite place to go when I'm in the steel city.  The atmosphere is awesome and the staff is very friendly.  The beer sampler and Ruben is a solid choice but they also have a wide range of other options including hasenfefer and Wiener schnitzel.  ALWAYS great service. This is my girlfriend's and I's favorite bar on the North Side. Consistently good and has a very cozy atmosphere. Get the stuffed pretzels!"  this is the most authentic German you will find in Western Pa. Cool beer selection and a great Sunday brunch. During Steeler home games they offer a free shuttle to the stadium when you eat here first."  the waitresses and most of all the food. The potato pancakes are delicious as are all their soups. I think there is something for everyone here. Their desserts are all delicious. We eat here before most concert or sporting event." IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ authentic german cuisine. Love the schnitzels and the red cabbage  and it definitely has to contain a stop at Max's. I prefer this place to Penn Brewery. The food seems a little more authentic and I haven't had a bad meal here yet. LOVE the potato pancakes. Every schnitzel I've tried has been great too."  I can't speak for the brunch buffet.  I went in there for the buffet once and decided that my money would be better spent on the menu." I've been going to Max's since I was a kid in 1973..was the best food then and now. Introduced my wife to it and she's hard to please. She loved it so much that we had our wedding reception there in the Ratskeller. Can't recommend it enough  it was edible but not enjoyable. Don't waste your money here there are much better choices"  and the wait staff was excellent. We went on a Friday night and it was packed.. I expected worse for how crowded it was... We will be returning.." The bartender was fantastic and the food was even better! I got the sausage sampler and it was delicious. The sauer kraut and mustard were great as well.  and the spaetzle. The spaetzle......."  and sauerbraten. Everything overall is really good and pretty authentic. Our server was on her shit too! Great pre bus and we never had an empty glass. We came here because a friend came just yesterday for the first time and raved about it  they didn't even do anything to make it up to me.  The brunch was also very sub-standard; everything was cold.  Not even the potato pancakes tasted good.  I've had better meals at the complimentary continental buffet at the Holiday Inn.  But perhaps part of the meal was also tainted by the fact that I couldn't get the thought of their negligence for food contamination out of my head.  Who knows how long that sour cream had been sitting out!  I'm really disappointed; I had really enjoyed going to Max's up to this point.  Don't think we'll be back!"  great bar in front if your just drinking. Only complaint was there was a wire bristle thing sticking out of our pork loin. Not sure how it got there and we didn't say anything. Large selection of brews here."  efficient service. Great location for happy hour or casual business meetings. Must try the stuffed pretzels! Haven't had any of the dinner entrees  friendly service. My only regret is not having room to try their tempting desserts. We don't get to the Deutschtown neighborhood often "A great place to go for German food! Normally I absolutely love everything about the food here. My favorite item is the potato pancake turkey reuben sandwich  family oriented and not overly expensive establishment. Highly recommended. Have a bite and walk over to PNC Park for a ballgame - it's minutes away. Great place!" I freaking love this place! Really nice atmosphere (like you are at your old German Grandmother's house). I always go for the Weiner platter with three different kinds of Wursts. Potato Pancakes are a must. Chunky Apple sauce is great. Best German food in Pittsburgh!!! I will definitely recommend this pub to anyone traveling to Pittsburg!" A good selection of classic Pittsburgh beers and tasty German cuisine. The service is pretty good and it's a great place to watch a Pirates game.  but you must be careful with certain dishes. One of the schnitzels that comes with carrots peas is clearly bedecked in carrots & peas that were recently frozen. German food isn't exactly known for its vegetables "It's been over 5 years since I had been to Max's but we were in the area at lunch time so we decided to stop in. The menu is big and printed on a newspaper. They have all kinds of German food.  I decided to order a Reuben with a side of homemade chips. The sandwich came on rye bread that was toasted. It had lots of sauerkraut Frequent visitor. The place is definitely starting to slip food wise. Had a turkey rueben that had about 1 slice of turkey on it and not much else.fries are always soggy these days. I'll stick with the happy hour with half price apps. Daughter had the schnitzel which she said was very greasy which shouldn't be the norm. My water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it. Server was good though . Thank God for the staff .  not so much creamy. We were both a little underwhelmed sans the cabbage with the entire meal. I hate to say it - but I have had better authentic German style food at church potlucks and even Hofbrahaus (in a comparison to the beers at Hofbrahaus - these did just not stack up for me). I would give MAT another go round to try some of their other offerings - their schnitzels looked pretty good!"  cute to see familes of three generations sitting together for a Friday night meal. The food itself was ok but just a tad bit pricey. I thought my bavarian-style pretzels were a bit too heavy since they were deep-fried IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ Best place in town. I love the sampler platter and Sunday brunch is the best deal in town "Authentic German fare. German beer. Best soft pretzels in Pittsburgh. Reasonable prices. Friendly service. Very fair portion sizes. You'll be taking a box home. The basement is nice. But sometimes used for private events. Has a very cozy ""grotto"" feel to it." I love Max's but the food can be hit or miss sometimes. The staples on their menu are always good and time tested favorites but beware that special menu. There have been some epic duds on there that I wish I would have missed  and fantastic (and authentic) German food options.  Very tasty and high quality foods for a decent price.  We go often and have never had a negative experience." "Authentic German food. Besides the standard fare one would expect "My sister in law was in town and we decided to get brunch. Looked up local places and this had a good review...though I have no idea how. The Restarunt is small We're lucky to have such a fine German establishment in our city. Genieen Sie das Essen!"  but the food I order and have served in the bar area is great! The service is always awesome. The bar atmosphere is solid.  The bartenders have a heavy pour.  The stuffed pretzels are a must have! I actually like the fact that the area hasn't been revitalized because the atmosphere might change.  So I will enjoy this place until that day happens!"  took 15 min to get a water. The nachos were terrible on store bought chips with raw onions and green peppers on them and very little meat. We ordered the turkey Reuben that tasted funky on day old potato pancakes. We also ordered Max's famous Reuben  an Iron City Beer may be the best way to cap off a Pittsburgh North Side German dining experience at Max's bar: a place where many a long hard day has been passed knocking back a cold one. Cheers and enjoy!" Incredible value withemost authentic environment.  Potatoe pancake Rubens and a player piano for bar runs and a breakfast buffet for the kids can't go wrong. My family rented out the bottom room for our engagement party. It turned out great! Everyone loved the German cuisine. Our server was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and spacious for our 50 guests. Definitely be back again! "The only authentic German place I have found in PGH. It is true German food from start to finish without a bunch of Americanized items snuck on the menu.  They offer about 8 varieties of schnitzel "It's just like being back in some small town just outside of Munich... If I'd ever actually been to some small town just outside of Munich! It's not the touristy disaster that is Hofbrauhaus "My daughter took my sisters and I there for Mother's Day lunch on Saturday.  I got the Spinach Salad with Kase spatzles.  The salad was to die for.  My daughter got one for herself and one for her husband to take home.  The dressing was delicious and there was tons of mushrooms and bacon on it.  The spatzles were also very good in a cheesy sauce.  There was some to take home also.  We also got some potato pancakes which were pretty close to the ones my mother used to make.  At the end of our dinner Beers on tap were served in mason jars.  Food was prompt and fresh.  I will definitely be in again." Sunday brunch is such a great deal and so filling. Some people don't like the potato pancakes but to me they're fab. Highly recommend. "This is a MUST on our visits to the Burgh. Love the atmosphere and the food is delicious. Our family has come to Max's over 4 generations. The pierogies are fantastic and honestly Can't wait to go back. I have to try the sptzle and the goulash!!" "The sausage is good. The mashed potatoes and German potatoes (sides) are definitely not homemade. Service was friendly Worst.  Dinner.  Ever. Food from a senior citizens home.  Everything ready in 2 seconds because it sat under a heat lamp.  Avoid at all cost. "I've only ever ordered from this place but honestly it was the worst German I've ever had. Goulash was unidentifiable as any I've had The area is sketchy and probably not safe to linger around at night. Admittedly I am not in that area often 5. The best waitresses. Ever."  but non members can attend their German festivals. This place is by far the most ""authentic"" German club in the area and the food is mostly good. The beer selection is great and the prices for everything are reasonable. If you like German food or have a connection to Germany Private Club - good German fair when serving. Like the place and am a member. What a great time this place was! I've never had so much fun being 1 4 German in all my life. If you have a chance to visit  even the neighborhood won't look as dodgy as it looks right now."  and red cabbage...mmmmm! I can't wait to go back and try some other dishes. My only complaint is that the beers were a little small." "This place is great.  The beer is good I had always been curious about this place and was glad to have been invited to brunch.  The outside of the building is very unique and looks European as does the inside.  If you get a chance to visit "I love this place.  The lunch buffet is incredible and a great value.  Our whole family has enjoyed the Oktoberfest events Their 10th annual (according to the advertising materials that came with the check) Oktoberfest is coming up.  They run it for three consecutive weekends in September and I understand it's quite the party.  Haven't been yet but am considering it this year."  one dessert and the aforementioned basket of rolls - was over $100.  Did the $3 bread really impact the restaurant profit margin that much?" If you're looking for good German food in Charlotte  and beer selection only- they have a great mix of really good German beer and seem to rotate it seasonally. As for the food  but their brunch buffet is nice. I love the cooked-to-order omelette station as well as the selection of  traditional breakfast foods and traditional German foods.  The people are friendly  I think of the smells of Frankfurt Am Main or the hip little Back Factory spots around Berlin. This place lacks something I will return to drink more beer and try more food specials. Overall its good food but the cost might keep me going back frequently." The old timer walking around playing the accordian was a nice touch and got everyone going. There were a lot of large parties "Due to my job I travel weekly and eat out a ton so I'm pretty hard to impress.  With that being said I LOVE this place!  Every time I go the food is great and the beer is awesome.  If you have never tried the Waldhorn you should check it out Oktoberfest is a great time as well. A polka band plays while you eat and enjoy authentic German food."  but I don't think that is going to stop me from going back.  Regularly." The staff was very friendly and the building had a great German feel."  we proceeded to go into the tent behind the restaurant to enjoy the German band  and I currently run a US business selling German Food.  I love this restaurant and visit every time I travel through Charlotte.  Their Roasted Duck is a thing of beauty (succulent with crispy skin..and a sauce that is sweet but not overwhelming).  I have a wheat allergy and the wait staff and chef went out of their way to steer me away from anything bad-for-me.  All 9 in our party this last time (July 10 We've liked Waldhorn for over 10 years....but this weekend was probably our last visit." The meal was hearty and delicious. Lots of male customers.  I wouldn't typically crave or think about this type of food 2_0P2AmSSFtPgddio0MgYA I would have loved to see Rouladen on the buffet as that is one of my favorites...I know they have it on the regular menu though." Went for the buffet on Sunday.  As another reviewer said it was set up weird.  Grew up on German food and this didn't compare. Probably good for a restaurant though. Should try ordering from the menu it might be better.  is quite gregarious and will leave you with a smile on your face should you happen to meet him.  After a couple visits to Waldhorn you kinda feel like you're family." The Rindroulaten with a Franziskaner Hefeweizen is awesome. Love this place for German Food.   Have to try the Sunday Brunch next time. Heard it was very good.  salivating just thinking about it!  The kids really enjoyed their ice cream clowns and now I just need to come up with another excuse to go back to Waldhorn.  We live too far out to be regulars!  Bummer!" Always there at least 4 times a year." solid place.  excellent beer selection.  food is very good. prices are decent. Herman the German was right!  Though I had to find out for my self!  I would go back now that I know some of what I do like and some of what I do not...  There were some other menu items I would check out!" Next time I'll be there for dinner and eat outside." Can't wait to go back and try dinner (Complete with accordion player!?) or their brunch buffet. Oktoberfest is coming up too  and challenges in finding a place to sit  so we hit up Waldhorn last night for my dad's 75th birthday and Oktoberfest. We had dinner inside before moving out to the tent. We got some apps to start  they are excellent at what they do.  My compliments Note: Check their website for the Oktoberfest schedule. The place gets crazy busy and I'm not exaggerating. They have local cops here to direct traffic!" BRB going for another trip (and don't skip dessert!)"  and its well managed. There are complaints about the whole ticket system. But given NC US's weird alcohol rules  I felt almost like in Munich. Building both outside and inside looks as European as it gets around here. 12 kinds of German beer on tap caused my frist explosion of joy and then it got even better. We ordered four different dishes I'll post an update if I can ever make it back for Sunday Brunch!" The 1st time I have ever ate at this location. You really have to enjoy german food in order to appreciate some of the dishes that is server on the brunch buffet during Sundays. The food that I ate was very tasteful and I really enjoyed being there. During their sunday brunch they will also make omlets on demand with all sorts of different fillings and toppings. The staff is friendly and attentive (even though we were difficult and changed tables!) and the decor is entertaining.  The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because I haven't experienced a full-service meal here yet.  I suspect that is just a matter of time  I felt pretty good about this restaurant considering its in Charlotte and one of the only German restaurants the city offers. They fulfilled my tummy and I will come here if I crave for schnitzels  vinegar and spices for several days (waitress told me 6 days) because it was both tender and very tasty. I have had sauerbraten in other restaurants and all they did was flavor the gravy and not take the time to marinate the meat.  Had the strudel for dessert which also great warm with a side of ice cream.  Do not forget to try one of the beers. Great assortment of german beers. Looking forward to returning and trying other dinners!" I'd  give it another try   But it was just ok.  I could get the same sandwich at Jason's deli"  then this is the absolute BEST place in the area.  They have pretzel dough rolls that are just the bomb!  Lets also not forget to mention the copious amounts of awesome imported German beer!!" Maybe I just don't like German food but was very unhappy with all the food I tasted. It could have been what I ordered? I was disappointed with the selection of food as well. I ordered a Chicken Salad Sandwich and it had way too much sauce on it. My husband let me try a bite of his Rueben which was really good. My kid's loved the authenticity of the restaurant which made it worth it to see them so happy. I wouldn't choose to go back but I am guessing it's probably b c German food isn't my thing.  first time eating there and cannot wait to go back already. Food was outstanding  in so many ways. First the atmosphere was perfect. A very casual feel. There's a bar that you can walk up to sit down order a great pint of beer. Second the waitstaff is extremely knowledgeable. Third the food all my God is so good.  The portion sizes are great. We will be going back definitely." I'm not sure what additionally i can say that previous reviews haven't already said...ill just echo that if you haven't been to this brunch yet-your definitely missing out!"  the manager did not charge me for my entree.  I did not ask him to do that. We had the apple streusel with ice cream for dessert. It is to die for. We love the sausage appetizer.  We will definitely return. Great atmosphere too." I would be remiss if I didn't mention that the price for (4) with gratuity was $111.00.  I was surprised to see that the prices for (4) not-so-great mass-produced coffees and (2) very small servings of juice was $20.00!   I have no problem spending $100+ for a meal that I really loved OUTSTANDING experience at Waldhorn this evening.  We started out with the sausage and sauerkraut appetizer with 3 kinds of sausage - very good.  The pretzel rolls were very tasty too.  I had the roasted duck with bread dumplings and red cabbage - great.  We ended our terrific food experiences with an apple strudel and a piece of black forest cake - wow    Service was great.  and this place met and surpassed it. We ordered the smoked trout appetizer to get going and nibbled on that with the pretzel rolls dropped off on our table.  Both were great. We had a great server who recommended the beer (a dark wheat Black Forest cake was very good and different It can get expensive and note they only take cash.  I had 4 liters of beer (2 people) and 2 brats w red cabbage and it was $65.  Wow...kinda pricey but remember you are paying for the tents I'm ready to go back right this minute."  hands down the place to be for German food. Great for dates as well as meals with friends and parties." "Wish Charlotte had more German eateries. Waldhorns is good "Great food a staff that knows the food and menu. The Beer club is the best thign going in the area after a tueday at work. Close your eyes and open them quick and your in Germany. Beer selections for the real beer drinkers "Absolutely five stars! Every time I come out this way to see family I make an attempt to stop in. The wait staff is always top notch  I prefer the Sunday brunch more because its a buffet that I can pick what I want.  Overall  of course with spaetzle or bread dumplings. Prepare to embarrass yourself when your party of two inevitably asks for another basket of pretzel rolls  hands down.  We will return and look forward to their annual Oktoberfest This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area.  Pretzel rolls are served with a spicy mustard on the side that is to die for.  Food and service is always on point.  They have my Husbands favorite draft beer all year round- Oktoberfest. "They serve spaten Oktoberfest year round! Great brots ALWAYS delicious! Oktoberfest is insane every year.  as was the service.  One of the few places I have seen venison on the menu.  We had to try it and weren't disappointed.  Our group also had the stuffed pork (breaded pork tenderloin There are about 8-10 German beers on tap and a little better selection in the bottle.  You can order up to a liter but I think it is the same price as a  1 2 liter.  Next time I will go for the half to have some diversity.  There is a beer club I may join "I found this place on yelp and made the family take a day trek to Charlotte just so I could try the Sunday brunch everyone was raving about. It was definitely worth it! All sorts of German foods and dessert "Excellent service and the most delicious food! The waitstaff is very attentive and friendly and the manager Brian is awesome. My husband compares the kartoffelpuffer to the potato pancakes that his mom or grandmother would make - very authentic. They have a great selection of German beers and wines. The sauerbraten and gegrillter lachs are two of my favorite entrees. I also highly recommend the rindsrouladen and the schnitzel. The portion sizes are very generous; I always had leftovers to take home. The apfelstrudel is a must for dessert. While living in the Charlotte area  if it was not for my father. It looks like an old german castle" "It was the best meal I have had in weeks. Friendly staff "Jenna took great care of us! Food and service was top notch! 10 10 Jenna  check it out if you haven't already!" Yay!  Good German food in Charlotte!  Traveling accordion player.  Attentive service.  Jagerschnitzel.  Pretzel rolls.  Need I say more?  beer club Tuesdays and special occasions.  Most recently we stopped by for the Charlotte restaurant week special.  This is a really good deal as they have many more selections than any other restaurant and offer 4 courses instead of 3.  Everything is great but I highly recommend trying the Ungarische Gulaschsuppe  I had the trout and it was great! Cute place! A local friend recommended it and I was not disappointed."  but he was honest about the sauerbraten being dry (true) and he was jovial and sincere.  Excellent option for German in Charlotte!  Hoping to come back for Oktoberfest in our dirndl and lederhosen!  Prost!!" "Wunderbar! Authentic! Eleven German draft beers. The server( Stefanie) was from Dresden and did a great job. Sauerbraten The service was great and the food was even better! I had Jagerschnitzel with s tell cold German lager. Great place and I will be back! "I am a beer club member and every time I come to Charlotte for work I make sure to show up at least once during the week.  I never had German food in Germany One of the best German restaurants in the country.  Great beer selection. Everything I've tried is excellent. Service is excellent. This is my favorite restaurant of all time. You won't be disappointed. "We had a dinner reservation for 19 people on one of the busiest weekends of the year. The food "My wife and I had our wedding reception here last month and we can't sing their praises enough!  They made it so easy for us so we could focus our attention on everything from actually getting married to coordinating out of town guests joining us.  The staff was helpful  we ended up chatting with our server for a long time. She was from Germany and was extremely knowlegable about German food and culture. It was so interesting talking with someone who just recently moved to the US from Germany." I highly recommend this restaurant.  Their German fare is authentic since the chefs are both German and the food is authentic German cuisine I will come back and give them one more chance Wonderful German fare.  A great destination for dinner. We called ahead and waited 15 min.  Not bad considering it's popularity. They have a wide selection of German food. The spaetzele is the best side dish to order. "I had Munich Spaten Oktoberfest beer with carpaccio beef and salad vinaigrette for an appetizer. Venison rouladen with hunter sauce First time here this past Friday for lunch. Hadn't had a Wiener schnitzel since Vienna. I really enjoyed Waldhorn 's version. I will be back. Best German food in town. A good traditional beer selection along with traditional favorites such as wurst and schnitzel. Their Oktoberfest tent is a blast and worth a visit. If you can't make it across the pond then the Waldhorn  is a trip worth making.  great service! The pretzel rolls are delish! I ordered the house side salad and the lighter appetite marinated beef slices. It was a delicious Fabulous place!!!   Went during Queens Feast Restaurant week and it was very organized and accommodating . Food and staff could not be better! Definitely will come back!  just wish it wasn't so out of the way. Beer club member here and there is also a meetup group that holds an awesome board game night here on a regular basis."  you should go there.  Just don't eat for a day or two prior to your visit." Absolutely fantastic authentic German cuisine. Went for the first time for restaurant week and the portions were beyond huge. Great entertainment as well on Saturday nights by buffalo bill the  accordion player. Can't wait to go back for Sunday brunch. "An all around great restaurant!  The service is friendly and fast and the food does not disappoint.  The sausage plate and goat cheese appetizers are both fantastic as well as the complimentary pretzel rolls.  They have plenty of traditional German fare such as Weinerschnitzel  especially since my fianc lived in Germany for a few years and when I took him here with friends for his birthday he proposed to me . So of course it is special to me for other reasons. However this site is to help review the food and to be honest I just think it's bland and incredibly boring.. The only items I care for are the red cabbage and the dumplings other than that I have tried several different things because my fianc gets in the mood for German food and this is the only place in Charlotte we know of .. Other than for sentimental reasons though I personally would not chose to eat here." "Everytime I'm in the area I stop here.  Great selection of German Beers.  Staff could not be more welcoming and friendly.  Schnitzel  I had to order the Wiener Schnitzel. I'm glad I did because it was fantastic. It's been a while since I've had breaded veal  fresh & delicious. They worked hard at keeping all the choices full. The only thing that didn't sit well was their rating of a 91. That's pretty low. We had a great time though & this will always be a family favorite restaurant." The owners of this place are represented as having been culinary-institute trained. We can't believe it. We have eaten at restaurants owned and operated by culinary-institute graduates and the food tasted nothing like this. We cannot  but my husband and I have been to Germany and Austria and absolutely loved the food. I surprised him with a birthday meal at Waldhorn and it not only lived up to Now I'm mad because it's so far away." "NOT repeat Not for celiacs! The kitchen ignores whatever the server tells them. When the meal comes out wrong Best tip about this place: The staff's knowledge and understanding of all German heritage. I asked about a million questions about the menu and traditions and this server was spot on!"  which was excellent.  The decor is nothing to write home about.  The service was good." I'm currently enjoying that along with a litre of my favorite Hefeweizen. Good times."  we had 3 baskets.... Sausages are delectable and spaetzle and red cabbage is truly authentic. Can't beat the German beer options and the service was second to none. Great UNCC college kid was polite "Came here the other day and had THE. BEST. SERVICE. EVER. Everything was spot on- drinks "Sunday brunch is a must if you're coming to the Waldhorn. Overall the food is very good and the staff is friendly The young lady at the front desk was very professional to all customers even though some customers were not.  Incident taken on this date at 18:32 hours.  and tasty.  The menu is great with authentic German fair as well as standard American dishes.  The beer of course flows like water over Niagara Falls  not overdone but comfortable and spot on. The service was attentive and friendly. As out of town visitors we were very pleased to find the Waldhorn What a find! We moved to NC not too long ago and while my parents were here to help us move in we found this place. My father considers himself a German food expert and he was in heaven! The food is excellent and the service is beyond compare. We will be back and often!  and it was well worth the hour's drive. This is a great German restaurant  but still miss the German restaurant in hickory. We will be back for sure. Very nice place. Loved the carpaccio "Absolutely amazing meal every time. The best beer I really enjoyed this different take on food! The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is the buffet is only available on Sundays and it was awesome! It can't ever be as good only having one item from the menu! GREAT food!!!!!!  and there is live music on both Friday and Saturday evenings.  The restaurant is fairly active in the community by participating in and holding community events "Best authentic German restaurant around! I go there for lunch and dinner. They always have good specials that normally aren't on the menu. Be sure to join their Beer Club The pretzel rolls are out of this world!"  and I almost forgot the BREAD! Good God! The pretzel rolls with a little butter are otherworldly. I want to come back here so bad ... but living in KC it is going to be a while." Not our first visit and not our last. Great quality German food and beers. Spatzle red cabbage and schnitzels galore. I like the wurst platte and the wife loves Jagerschnitzel. Portions are not quite big enough to split unless you load up on soups and the fabulous pretzel bread.  but the Waldhorn pleases him and that pleased us."  parking was perfect - I cannot wait to go back to Waldhorn!" The Waldhorn is a great places to go for Octoberfest. The wait can be long but the large outside tent with a live Braverian band and hundred of other people having a ball makes you in no rush for dinner. After two leaders of Beer I don't remember much about the food:) I have never had a bad meal here and the beer selection here is best for German style beers.   I'm not a big fan of most ales and girly-man beers so this place is a win-win.  Servers and bartenders are always on top of their game.  I will return whenever I'm in the area. Oh yeah be sure to get the pretzel rolls.  They are a great starter." Second time here and would come back."  I have drive past this place hundreds of times. So finally I tried it and it's great! Everything we had was good from the appetite to the entrees. Large portions and great tasting food."  I ventured over to the Waldhorn Restaurant for some lunch. The staff was very welcoming and attentive. Since I was dining solo I decided to sit at the bar. They have a great selection of German beer.  The menu has a wonderful selection of southern German dishes. I began with the home made Maultaschen soup. The German ravioli was flavorful with meat and spinach filling. Served in a nice beef broth it was the perfect starter. For my entree I had the prime rib sandwich with German potato salad. Followed by a wonderful strudel for dessert. If you find yourself in the Charlotte area and are looking for some wonderful German cooking pay a visit to Waldhorn Restaurant and you won't be disappointed." I would recommend making the trip no matter where you live!  Thank you ps...I don't live here This place is my favorite place to eat in Charlotte. The food is delicious and always nails the presentation. Their desserts are incredible and the whole atmosphere simply adds to the experience. I cannot recommend Waldhorn enough. "Wow!  Talk about comfort food!  Potato pancakes and Chicken Nadia with a large Optimater were my choices. Had to take home a slice of the Black Forest "Even with the extremely large crowd because of Mother's day the staff was able to keep the lines filled so the lines moved quickly.  Even the renowned pretzel rolls were always available.  The opportunity to sample many of the classic German menu items is great.  We enjoyed everything.  Even though it is 100 miles away we enjoy it so much we come 5 or 6 times a year.  Our server "Hands down the best German restaurant I've been to. I take several trips to Charlotte a year and make sure to stop here every time. They have a great selection of beers  it is really worth the calories. All in all a solid place that will not disappoint. Oh It was my first time eating here and I will definitely be coming back. Many things looked good on the menu. And almost forgot Great food buffet for lunch. Their pretzel rolls are to die for.  Great snitle and sausage sampler  we had a our wedding reception here. The best German food in the Charlotte metro area. Pretzel rolls are a must. The owners and staff are knowledgeable and attentive. Their brunch buffet has everything and is priced right." Ate here last night. I had the pork tenderloin with caper cognac sauce and potato croquettes !!! Very very good !!! We will be back :)  not much salt just the way I like it.  The apple strudel best I have had outside of German-Austria.  Can't wait to go back."  also amazing. The beer selection was great; nothing like ice cold Spaten in a big mug. I also loved how casual it was...just delicious food in a relaxed atmosphere. I can't wait to go back!!!" Wonderful service. The pretzel rolls they give for free were delicious! Ask for some to go and they give you a whole fresh bag. The goat cheese appetizer and pancake appetizer were good- nothing spectacular. Surprisingly my favorite things were their vegetable of the day - broccoli- which was cooked to perfection and the almond rice. Both very very good! The special salmon was very good also- but I was not a big fan of the sauce on the white asparagus. The bread pudding was alright- the top of it with the crust was the best part. Overall fun experience!  but the green beans were really mediocre. They needed some salt and pepper at the least because they had very little flavor. I also got a salad with my order which was decent- I thought it was interesting that they have 2 small bites each of potato salad Always enjoy the visit." We will definitely return!" We frequent the Waldhorn about four times a year and it's our go-to place to bring out-of-town visitors. If you can't get to Deutschland  try this place. And if you're not of German descent October fest is always a good time!" My husband joined the beer club-$30 and a stein. They have a club that meets on Tuesdays with a $6.95 buffet. And .50 off beers in the stein. We plan on trying that and the Sunday buffet the other Yelpers mentioned."  average and incredible German restaurants and this gets 1 star from me. I drove 45 minutes for overpriced ""German"" food. I will not be coming back at all. The dessert didn't taste German at all  as good as we have had ANYWHERE! We could have made a meal of them.  Mary had the open-faced Rueben Sandwich and I had the Veal. And of course we got two of the Apple Strudels to go because we were so full. They will be great this evening heated up with some French Vanilla ice cream! Oh well Never been to Germany but I think this is authentic German food super unique very delicious and very filling  an overall good experience. Nothing special but nothing bad. Definitely a good place to get some German food." We took my mother-in-law there after going several times ourselves and she is from Germany. She enjoyed the experience very much especially the musician. The food was delicious and she agreed it was very authentic German. I can't wait to go back. "I was impressed with the timeliness of our server. The food was good except the brocolli 2_0P2AmSSFtPgddio0MgYA I truly enjoy this restaurant.   The beer is wonderful.   If you are in the area join the beer club   On Tuesday the beer club buffet is a great price.   The buffet on Sundays is the best in town.  I really love this place.  and who doesn't love a scinetzel fest!!(can't spell that!) I got the scinetzel with the four cheese and ham. Only disappointment was the veg of the day. It said broccoli With the exception of the Pretzel rolls which were fabulous and terrific service from our waitress Renee Everything else was a huge disappointment. Will definitely not go back." We think this is one of the best restaurants outside of Germany! Had to come one last time before we leave Charlotte.   this restaurant features a variety of German as well as other beers. This restaurant also  offers a Sunday Brunch and a beer club for lunch and dinner on Tuesdays" We WILL be back again." 