 it's the best place to go if you have no idea what to get. You can pick up anything from a barista action figure to chocolate body paint to the complete set of Harry Potter hardback books. And don't forget the fizzy bath salts or the stick-on mustaches. You'll be hard pressed to NOT buy anything before you leave."  there's a wide assortment of knick-knacks and books that are perfect as gifts or impulse purchases for yourself. It's easy to lose track of time as you wander up and down the narrow aisles."  etc... Kards Unlimited seems to take great care in choosing store products for sale. Definitely my favorite store on Walnut." "I regret to say that I have walked past this store for four years and never went in. That's four years of gifts that I could have found in one place. The books  but you can't blame them--there's just so much to see."  etc.  A tiny sampling of the silliness." Much more than just a card shop. A very unique store. Tons of pop culture stuff. Take your time and look around. Bacon Flavored Dental Floss  and I never feel like I'm sifting through a lot of less interesting books to find the best ones. The editions are always nicely designed. There is also a great collection of shirts  they literally have something for everyone.  I go at least as often as I need a card for some occasion and they always have new things. A bit expensive but worth it to support this great store."  humorous and fun: This is one novelty shop you don't want to pass up! I left with unique childrens books & hand puppets for my son ***i'm basically a local now."  Kards Unlimited has the highest quality and variety of cards I've ever seen. Plus wacky tees. Plus random crap usually found in gift shops at the airport You could knock the whole list out at Kards Unlimited 5-1."  and I'm always surprised at how reasonable the prices are.  Gotta love this store!"  which I think all are ordered by the marker of the cards and then by the type of sentiment. Because of the unique and grandiose assortment you can easily spend a few hours easily going through everything from cards and the other odds and ends (books "What more can I say about Kards Unlimited that hasn't already been stated?  The reviews are glowing and well-deserved!  More than just stationary and cards Large selection of unique cute-tastic gifts.  Humerous knick-knacks books galore.  Very adorable and staff was very pleasant.  Looking forward to going back again. Overall fun place. Just be prepared to enter very small spaces. If there are any other people in there (which there normally is) it will be an awkward mess." I LOVE this store. Always have to take a look when I'm in Shadyside or have any kind of excuse to buy a card.  Darren had his face in the graphic novels (him and his comics lol i like them too btw). I was gawking at everything else including Cat Lady action figures and all kinds of silly stuff. They also have a nice book selections and of course greeting cards galore and t-shirts and so much stuff! Even if you don't buy anything  I doubt I'll ever step foot back into a Hallmark store.  Better quality in cards and the staff are excellent."  especially around the holidays. Don't recommend going with a stroller in tow!" December 2102 Yelp Challege]" lvYt45K8Z7za73FZFpq4gQ I like to check this place out every once in a while because I just like window shopping. I don't think I'd buy anything here due to the fact that it's overpriced but I do like to appreciate their merchandise."  but it's the perfect little place to browse on a Sunday afternoon stroll on Walnut Street with a coffee. I lived in Shadyside for a while and grabbing coffee next door at Tree Roasters and walking in here for a peek became a part of my weekend schedule."  I'm sure someone you know is and this would be a great place to find a couple stocking stuffers for them. The only reason I rounded down on the rating was that the prices were a bit high on everything." I think you find something there for any occasion. I even purchased Thank You cards here for me to give to my interviewers after my interviews. I also got a relatively normal To-Do list here  and I honestly don't think it does a good job explaining just how much different stuff you can find in here. I know that sometimes stores that try to cram too much onto their shelves can seem chaotic and disorganized Lots of collectibles. They have cards and humorous knick knacks. I bought some t shirts and they have fictional places travel posters that are awesome. jwxhi--674LLCnvqJL7SRQ Really unique gifts and great cards.  Staff is friendly.  Prices are slightly high. "This place is great! I stumbled in here while trying to kill time before a cooking demo down the street. I was blown away by the amount of stuff they were able to fit into this little hole in the wall. The cards are hilarious  you go to Kards Unlimited not for the prices but for the insanely cool and geeky atmosphere and to loose yourself in all the wonderful things in this shop!"  and I would consider giving the create your own box of chocolate card as a present  they have to be amped up on sugar. What else is their to nibble on? Great service. Great candy. Great location. But where was the See's Candy professional to slap that 14th piece of candy out of my hand last night as I slipped into my my milk chocolate coma on my 600 thread count sheets  they have to be if you ever watched some people pick out a box of candy. I would be slapping them up against the wall. It is a nice open store with an abundance of product all of which I have eaten much too much over the years. I love the chocolate but I crave the peanut brittle it has to be taken away from me in order not to eat until I puke."  this I have always known. But the last time I was there they asked after I said we did not have the discount if I was a veteran. Wow discounts count whodathunk  this place is awesome because right when you walk in they have free samples! The store was very clean and the people who work here are exceptionally nice. I wanted to buy a Bordeaux bar (for my mom - its her fave). The girl behind the candy counter gave me a few Bordeaux samples since they were all sold out of the prepackaged ones. They offer city employees Keep up the fantastic work and the product you have there!" I love that they ALWAYS give you free chocolate and have amazing customer service all around. It is so much fun to go and hand pick a few treats for me and the roomies. The quality and uniqueness of their offerings make it definitely worth the trip. If you love chocolate then you should be asking yourself why you haven't stopped in before now. I am eating a pumpkin pie truffle right now that is rockin' my world Traveling back through my childhood by writing about these exceptional chocolates has made me realize something: these are some of the best truffles I've ever had Their peanut butter patties are the only chocolate peanut butter treat that fill my intense longing for my favorite girl scout cookies Lots of parking outside as well." Prices are great. We got 4 truffles for less than $3. In terms of quality  gotta keep the sweets on close watch ;) id return for more chocolates"  older lady at this location and much better reviews.  Purchased a 2 pound box of turtles.  She will love them. Which makes the drive totally worth it." Make sure to check if your employer is on their list to receive discounts I walked into See's for the first time since my childhood yesterday and was immediately greeted with a warm smile and shortly after another girl rushed over to me and handed me a sample chocolate with a smile. I told the lady I was looking for an anniversary gift and she showed and explained to me everything they had and helped me find the perfect gift and wrapped it so beautifully for me. I picked up some lollipops I remember loving so much when I was little and when ringing up at the register the lady who was helping me made sure I was happy with how she wrapped my gift and sent me off with more samples. such a wonderful experience and I'm so grateful for the wonderful lady's help making such a beautiful present. I can't wait to come back and pick up my favorite candies on a  regular basis from now on! thank you so much to all the wonderful ladies at See's! Thumbs up for great customer service in a world where it become more and more evasive." "Always an Incredible Pound of Chocolates and Candy ($17.85 Per Pound at this  Location.)  My favorites include:  Milk Chocolate's -  Peanut Butter Pattie You can't always believe what you read on the Internet.It says that the store on Camelback and Central is permanently closed.NOT.I CALLED AND THEY ARE OPEN.WE ARE ON OUR WAY.  GET THERE! Browse a little and see what's there. Merchandise changes and they close the stores to prepare for the next BIG shipment of stuff. Check out their website and look for closing dates. There are special clearance sales when you get an additional discount off the already clearance priced items which are already discounted from regular retail prices." "I was extremely underwhelmed with Tuesday Morning. The commercial with Lauren Bacall is classy "They always have something interesting there.  I have found several great pots and pans and other cooking things.  They also have a good selection of cookbooks.  They also often have cheaper prices than Amazon!  Every time I go they have new things.  One thing  but their prices are a bit high.  You do get a quality product Before you go and spend bucks at other candy places. Don't forget about Sees Everything we brought home was really really good. I will miss this place but I am sure my waist won't."  one of See's trademarks is to offer everyone a sample.  What you may not know is that the clerks are given at least two or three truffle selections to choose from "No complaints. Always excellent quality. Great service. And when there are crowds due to an upcoming holiday  service & atmosphere. And free samples just make me so happy! Raspberry cream truffle is to die for!" Best homemade from scratch candy. The definite must try.  my mother bought several Kinds of Easter Candy that were always in the basket. Then she continued the tradition with my children. My mother passed away 8 years ago and this year I suddenly remembered the candies. I went in last week and immediately spotted the candies. The service was delightful and they seemed happy to help a newcomer. I mailed all the candies to my grown children who were delighted with the memories created of their beloved Grandmother. I'm really happy that I sauntered in and I plan to continue the tradition as well as starting some new ones." I love this little store and have for many years. Those chocolates are totally worth some extra calories!" "See's has been my favorite boxed candy since I was little. It's so good and the recipes haven't changed (unlike Fannie May...  which is now yuck). My top 4 favorites are Dark Bordeaux  if I was in the area and craving candy Our favorites are the milk chocolate Bordeaux and the orange cream."  and butterscotch squares.  I love that they still give out a free sample.  I have been to really pricey chocolate shops and they do not give out samples.  See's treats their customers well.  One of my favorites!" Friendly staff who are also very informative about storing and gifting the chocolates. Clean store in a convenient location on the outskirts of PV Mall. 