 it could only be used as a store credit or he would charge me the card fee of 4% for refunding my credit card.  REALLY!  after all the jobs we had already paid them?  I took the store credit and used most of it for a 9th job.  At that point I took all of ABC's invoices I had and called other glass companies.  I sent over the info on each job and asked for prices from them.  You know what one of the other company send back as quotes for the jobs that ABC had already done?  1/2 price for all but one job!  I couldn't believe it.  I was being charged twice as much money as ABC's competitors and this store manager was going to loose me as a customer over maybe $15 in credit card fees.  I would not recommend ABC glass to anyone after this experience.  I will never go back.  By the way after being in business for 21 years as a landscape maintenance company and having to pay for about 80 broken windows  no rattles when the doors close anymore.  They open and close so nicely.  It's an amazing window makeover and ABC Glass Co did an over the top job with the entire process.  Thinking about new windows or shower door  fair and provided great quality work. They were able to match my existing windows with replacements that were perfect. The installers arrived on time and performed with experience and skill. They also left the job site clean. We  were so pleased with the work performed in our home that my husband recently contracted with them to build-out the new office space for his company. We would recommend ABC Glass to anyone needing glass work."  for a new shower door.  I found their prices to be competitive and their service to be top notch.  They arrived as scheduled and completed both jobs with true professionalism.  I would highly recommend ABC Glass and will be sure to use them again." "Great prices and has excellent customer service. We really appreciated all of the staff's help and ABC glass has very fair prices! My mirrors turned out perfect T2p7SLpXvuaxCy3WqMWfpw Did you notice that Lori responds to Yelp posts? Both good ones and the ugly ones! How many businesses do you see that do that? It means they care and they pay attention to customers. Do yourself and your life a favor and call them when you break something glass." 