6p9TlP2I8S4agxYMNFSDjg Service is always friendly and the establishment is kept really clean and neat"  and we had the lobster slider. French fries were good to."  it's better pizza than some pizzerias In the area. When I look over uno's menu almost nothing excites me  I enjoyed it and would come back the next time I get a craving for a deep dish pizza. It wasn't authentic but it certainly was not terrible."  why does every chain restaurant have to decorate with old signs?  Is there some sort of chain restaurant decorating requirement I don't know about?  It's baffling."  to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE!" I really never want to return." Food was ok had a steak w  shrimp side Ass mashed potatoes. Everything was ok not a lot of flavor. They have big screen televisions in the bar area which can be seen from the restaurant."  when does a copy every live up to the original?  It won't be a regular location in our  dining rotation My girlfriends made reservations here for my bachelorette party last Saturday. I highly suggest that you make reservations because we were able to just walk right in and sit down. There were people there waiting 30 minutes+. We had the sangria which was amazing. Our sever Alex recommend it and it was perfect for the 4 of us.  I had their thin crust pepperoni pizza which really hit the spot. My two friend had salads which they said were amazing and my other friend joined me in ordering a pesto chicken pizza. Let's just say there wasn't any food left on the table when we were finished.  I will be back for sure. Pizza ok on it's own nothing great . Definitely not worth the restaurant price.  definitely not like pizzeria UNO in Chicago. Are they even related   or are they just using their name and trademark. "The menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive. For 2 personal pizzas (the size of pizza hut) 2 beers and 2 salads  but the service from this one person as I don't know how the rest of the servers are. Was just horrible."  but probably ok with pittsburgher s"  surprisingly so! I don't know why this place is not busier but next time you're down at the Waterfront please do consider dining here!" Only down side is slow service. It took 20 minutes for our pizza to come out and my hubbies was a little over cooked. He got the numero uno which was ok but mine had way more flavor!!" "Wham! 4 stars outta the park! The deep-dish pizza we had was amazing. I wasn't crazy about the avocado egg rolls  I would absolutly try again." I had the deep dish pizza and it was very good!  The individual size was smaller Than I expected for $12 but I wasn't starving so it was very filling.  Our waitress April was very nice and attentive for how busy it was.  We had about a 30 minute wait but it was worth it!  I can't wait to try it again! I would not like to go there again... :(" "While visiting relatives in Somerset we decided to go shopping in the nearby town of Homestead.  My aunt insisted that we have lunch at Uno's Pizzeria & Grill as the food was delicious.  When we arrived I had to admit that I was impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the place.  It was fairly crowded for a weekday but we were seated in less than ten minutes.  The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering all our questions with ease.  I settled on a Turkey Was very disappointed with the food. It was overcooked and not seasoned very well I want to come back and get that spanich fetta looking pizza!" Nice place but some of the items on the menu are not available unless you get a 2 for 12 but that's not what the online menu states. And it's a salad come on..  and not very fresh. I ordered the stuffed chicken with broccoli & grilled vegetables.  Waited along time for the entre.  The chicken was good but a small portion.  The broccoli & veggies were water logged. Lots of water on the plate. Tried my friends fried shrimp But the fries were mediocre." Skip this place all together and get pizza at Pizza Company and take it home."  the host staff is trained to engage the customer in pleasant conversation while leading the guest to the table. The individual at Uno got us off to a poor start.  A nice touch would be for a manager to provide a quality check and make the diner feel welcome." My kids who are 3 and 5 ordered the make your own pizza. I initially had some reservations but it was actually fun for them and tasted pretty good too. I'd suggest it for anyone looking to do something sorts cool with their kids for dinner. Service was just barely adequate on this visit."  friendly and accurate. They've got a respectable selection of craft beers and the atmosphere is very clean and comfortable. Good view of the TV from any angle in the bar area (watching a Bucco's game at the moment) and the bar itself is full service. The Baked Stuffed Spinoccoli chicken that I had was delicious. I have no idea why I don't come here more often... I should!" "This was my first time at an uno's in about ten years. My kids ordered pizza which was just ok.  I however was pleasently surprised with what I ordered In the future these places will be relegated to the last ditch effort when nothing else is available. Only in a pinch."  I had the Chicago classic and Italian salad both out standing salad was very large and pizza was just the right size for a lunch  Met my family here after work on a weekday. Not many people dining here at the time but our dinners seemed to take longer then they should have considering not very busy. As we were waiting on our pizza the waitress handed us a trivia game console to use. We played 2 games of trivia and the game of life. The pizza came and the crust was very dry and not much flavor to it. When we were presented with our check we noticed a charge of $1.99 that we didn't know what it was for.  When we asked what the charge was for they charged us for the games that we played on the console that they gave us while waiting for our dinner. I have never heard of anything like it. I wonder how many people used the games and were charged the fee and paid it without noticing it on the bill considering it was hidden discreetly in the middle of the bill. Then when we were ready to pay the bill with cash. We couldn't get our server to come and take payment. Was very disappointed. It will probably be awhile before I go back if ever. I feel bad -- it was a little like looking at an old Taylor Swift album you used to love five years ago Love the honey crisp chicken salad. It's my go-to dish here.  I actually crave it.  Nuff said. You can feel free to order pizza. I'll stick with my salad.  my food is usually great! It can be greasy but usually still very tasty. I was very disappointed today however. We got the Shroom pizza. They didn't even use fresh mushrooms Good food good service. Went today around 5 pm and had a female waitress and a trainee and both were excellent and attentive. The tablets on the table are entertaining and fun. Its a bit pricey for us but nice once in a while. Was at this location a week ago and it was ok like any chain restaurant is until the bartender didn't wash her hands after leaving the restroom. My girlfriend took her daughter back and while in there the employee came out of the stall and walked right out the door. If this is what they do in front of guests then I'd what they do out of our view. Can't handle basic cleanliness then this is not a place to eat at.  was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal as well!" "Food was delicious--try the pizza and steak and mini desserts! Fries were extremely salty. Stars off because tables were dirty  service was good. Food okay."  but line is still over an hour. Waitress had a negative attitude when we asked to have another minute to look at the menu & stormed off." "We woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place. We needed to go to the Waterfront for errands so we decided to have lunch there. It was around 11:30 and the restaurant was mostly empty. They say is in the back near the doorway to the kitchen. We were waiting and waiting for our waitress to come. During that time we realized that there was a child's birthday party 2 tables away. There were 3 tables of young boys and a table of parents. They were mostly well behaved but they were LOUD!!  Our waitress finally came and took our orders. While we were waiting for food there was a waitress standing right inside the kitchen door complaining about her day job. She went on and on about how bad it was and how she was looking for a new job. So in one ear I had a complaining waitress and birthday party in the other.  We were about to get up and leave when our food came. I had the Wedge Salad. It was ok but not something I would order again. My husband's salad The food is enjoyable but the main reason why this is a go-to for me and my friends is because the service is usually very quick here. There rarely is a wait and the wait staff get us in and out right in time to make it to a movie. With food being rather consistent Expensive for food that is mediocre.  The wait time for the food was incredibly long and they weren't even that busy.  Lame. The hunt for good deep dish in Madison continues..." solid food....very good service and kid friendly....a sure spot in the dells rotation. Of course it tastes 18 time better Very good service and great pizza! The staff did a great job with refills and making the 4 kids in our group comfortable. The bloody Mary bar looked great.  they lost me as a customer.  The wait staff was more interested in talking about their weekend plans than serving customers.  The food was okay Great place for lunch. Fast and friendly service. Nice options of combos like salad and soup. Soup and burger. Soup and pizza. I am fan of the soups here. They are really fresh and i can try more than onesoup in all you can eat soup. Great value for the price you pay. I have to try to for dinner sometime.  so you know exactly what to expect every time.  Good consistency." "Horrible. I went there once and had a horrible waitress. I ordered a small deep dish pizza and it was dripping in grease. The only thing good about my experience was the beer I had I had the spinoccoli deep dish pizza and i loved it! It was very delicious but the only thing keeping me from 5 stars was that I understand that It was small and the pizza wasn't as filled as I would like it to be for the price. I also had the chi town appetizer platter and it was not bad. I could tell that the chicken tenders were made from scratch and the avocado egg rolls were pretty good! My meal overall was very filling and I'm extremely happy with my meal and service overall. "I've eaten here with my family as well as with coworkers.  The menu accommodates a wide variety of diet choices.  My wife eats gluten free and I work with vegetarians.  All are full when we leave.  Yes Enjoyed a Guacamole burger and fries for lunch a last week. It was good but not memorable.  because our order *should* have come out to waaaay more. Maybe it was a discount for them not delivering at lunch time..."  and New Belgium Brewing Rampant Imperial IPA on draft along with several others.  Tasty craft beers found at a chain restaurant are rare from my experience.  We learned it was happy hour all day on Sunday for several food items.  Their chili nachos and Caesar salad were tasty.  We enjoyed their deep dish spinoccoli with sausage.  It's not on the menu We both really enjoyed our pasta dishes.  And there was plenty of food and I ended up taking half mine home." "Great for a quick lunch! Such a large variety on the menu "My daughter's best friend walked out of Chicago's Pizzeria Uno (on the Madison's East side) the very first day of her employment with them because employees were talking in derogatory terms about Mexicans as well as other Hispanics. She asked them to stop because it was offensive to her but they escalated the racist comments. I don't know about you The macaroni really hits the spot on a bad day.  Real shame about the disorganization and attitude though.  We could have had a beautiful relationship  I was enjoying deep dish and artisan style pizzas.  Pizzas were great and affordable...will def order again. Glad it's very close to me."  we have had UNO successfully deliver to our apartment three times  and they close really early. I don't suggest coming here for a good time. The servers are nice We came with a coupon so it was more affordable  a slight chewiness on the inside and a delicate crispiness on the outside (though sadly this quality did not survive refrigeration). The flavor was interesting and worked. The server was fairly prompt and the food came pretty quickly Great staff and food. The potato skins deep dish thing is amazing. I don't care much for salads normally but love the honey crisp chicken salad.  it's a good one.  I really like their pizza.  Maybe its something they put in the crust but they keep me coming back for more." "I grew up @ another UNO's and LOVE this place so much! I was here all the time and grew up loving all of their food.  When we discovered there was an UNO's here we were SOO excited!  The Pizza Skins app was great and the Pizza was great as well.  I do have to say we miss their old menu though (ie. Tuscany Bread If I had to rate on service alone it would be a one..... The pizza was amazing and our pizza skin app was too. The food is good if you want to wait for it......" If the rest of your staff is like Kristi H. you have one he'll Uva great staff. Thanks for the great customer service" "Great service. Our server (kayla) was great I was contacted a few days after I wrote my review by UNOs and was asked to email them all the details of my visit which I did. I than relieved another email apologizing to me about the visit and asking me to call them. I must have tired at least ten times to call them!!!!!!! It left my frustrated and upset that every time I called no matter the time I was given a answering machine recording. I eventually just gave up trying to call them. I will give them credit for reaching out but I'm really disappointed I could not see it through Sends out plastic coupons in the mail to enrich themselves at the expense of my planet and the air that I breathe. Obviously could care less about the health of their customers.  which was cooked perfectly however I am not a fan of the bourbon sauce on it. Overall a great place if you plan on dining in or delivery in the area." Good food. Somehow the deep dish pizza takes less time to bake/come out than it would in Chicago. I used to live in Chicago and the pizza is just as good as what we'd get there. Good service. Good atmosphere. I just wish that the carried some other Chicago comfort food (Chicago style hot dog or Italian beef)  meals and appetizers $$$. Not one server paid attention to the table sitting with no beverages  when they called our name after twenty minutes of waiting (during which we counted eight open tables) they comically ignored us when we answered their call. Others waiting came to our defense and told them we were answering and standing right behind the hostess. Then we were seated at a small table next to the front door and hostess station. The family seated right next to us were seated at three two person tables that were shoved together but made an unlevel larger table that way. After ten minutes of being seated in the draft of the doorway and not having been given one bit more of attention - we left.  I am disappointed to say the least. Too many other fine restaurants in Madison to give this one another try."  great food! Very accommodating to our large group and very good service!" Stopped here after camping in the Dells. Such a good decision. Service was awesome and the FOOD!!!! Whoa.  It was Tuesday so the kids are free after we ordered the Windy City Thin crust. Just wow. I hope to frequent Spinato's and hope they setup a location further west." I have since found that this location delivers to my place (dangerous discovery) and have fought hard to limit my indulgences. But if you like pizza with a thin I give Spinato's four stars due to the deliciousness of the pizza and the fact that I'll likely make return visits.  I'm looking forward to having the leftovers too!" pF7uRzygyZsltbmVpjIyvw  but their spinach pizza (award winning) has to be the best around.  It would have to take a lot to dethrone this place as my favorite pizza joint.  Their cheesy garlic bread is also pretty good." Greatest pizza in the valley. Only thing that compares is oregonoes. Hands down the Best Pizza in town!  Best Sausage...Mmmm!  mind you..  My very happy ASU friends ordered up a Chicago style pizza from Spinatos.. THIS pizza rocks the valley; enuf said. It has a perfect crust texture.. and just the right amount of toppings & every week since then  but sometimes I get carried away and eat way too much of it! Last night we picked up a ""Super 6"" and ate the whole thing in about 20 minutes it was so good! Their pizza is the absolute best I have ever had. From the scrumptious crust and savory sauce to the tasty toppings that are baked into the incredible cheese I don't know another pizza that makes me so happy!"  but this thing was incredible! We got a medium and split it and wished there was more after it was gone. Well done!" "They make a decent pizza with ample toppings and a chewy crust. Better Mamma Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinach pizza = the best ever! **** Yes I think my search for a fabulous pizza is over with  Oh my... so good..Ordered the same as last time expect on our pizza our waitress recommended to put onions on it...she was right that was gooooooood.  Hubby and me fought over the leftovers that night...hehe...   so good.."  Spinato's has a really sweet sauce on their pies that I cant get enough of. Square cut pizza is always easier to share with the family too. Eat-in or takeout service is always top-notch."  but we only waited for a minute before being seated. the service was fast. The staff was polite. The pizza was very good. I wouldnt say that it was the best that I ever had.... because Deluca's Pizza in Lansing  hit Spinato's.  http://www.spinatospizza.com/"  I'm treated like family.  Excellent service and excellent food at a great price.  My favorite is the Mama's Spinatos Signature Fresh Calzone with Ricotta.  It is out of this world good!" This place is awesome! My favorite is the Garlic Spinach pizza.  I'd recommend Spinato's. We will definitely be going back (mainly so my husband can try the spaghetti calzone)" $30 for a Margherita pizza and some Bruschetta it was ok nothing really memorable about it though other than the price. After reading some of the other reviews I will give it another chance and try something else though.  but for the fact they can no longer get Spinato's pizza.  Count yourselves incredibly fortunate to be living in The Age of Spinato's."  fast and friendly waiters and waitresses (can you still say that or are they really just waitpeople now?) The food is great -- all of their offerings. The atmosphere is homey Service is excellent they knew immediately what we ordered last time. We tried the signature pizza this time since its the most popular. The delivery was very quick I admit but the pizza still leaves me looking for a new pizza place. The toppings were all good spinach nice and crispy and then the sauce is good but way too sweet for my taste! It makes me wonder if the secret seasonings have something to do with sugar? Oh well I really tried liking this since its so close but what can a girl do?" One of my students moms raved about this place so we tried it. Now their pizza is my favorite! It's sweet and a delightful change from the corporate pizza out there.  but it's something about the combination of ingredients and the authentic pizza parlor feel when you bite into a slice. It's just one of those pizzas you have to try in your life. So Ken stopped by our table and had a nice conversation with him about Yelp and how we found his restaurant and how I would go home and yelp about Spinato's." This is THE PLACE to take anyone that you wish to impress with an excellent meal."  too.  My vegetarian friend appreciated the veggie options here.  I will put this out there though... their breaksticks must be sprinkled with love (or crack) because when they're on the table My favorite pizza in town. Its all about their pizza sauce in my opinion. Once you eat at Spinato's you become like family. MMM GOOD!"  the waitress appeared and enthusiastically greeted us. The friendly service continued until the moment we left and it left a lasting impression on me. Staff is normally friendly  The Spicy Italian is my favorite... The chocolate chips cookies are laced with mind altering drugs P.S. I loved their family photo on the pizza box!" Unique pizza that's great to mix up the usual slice routine once in a while."  delivery was on time and courteous and the price was very reasonable.  I'll want to try the restaurant now-- absolutely one of the best pizzas I've had here and definitely beat any other delivery.  Home run!" I love taking out of town friends & family here because it is local owned & operated. A great family place and reasonably priced!"  one of the best pizzas in town.  I've been eating here since the mid 90's and it has consistently been great!  I usually get the Super Six.  It has everything on there except the kitchen sink!   The thin crust is never ever soggy and that sweet sauce is like crack to me!  The service is always great.  Do expect a wait on Fridays and Saturdays.  If you have more than 8 people in your party The lines can be a little long at times but I think it's worth the wait." The spaghetti and meatball calzone was genius. Would have likes more sauce in the calzone but maybe I didn't order  it properly. The thin crust pizza was very good reminded me of Donato's back in Indy. Would definitely go again this was a pick up order will try in restaurant next time. . pF7uRzygyZsltbmVpjIyvw All I can say is this place is absolutely amazing. One of the best pizzas or the best pizza I've ever tasted. I ate til I was miserable.. Delicious pizza and worth every penny!"  Spinato's didn't disappoint! We had the spinach/garlic/tomato (their house special) and it was delicious. Different for sure than a typical NYC pizza The only knock on this location is the ambiance leaves a bit to be desired. We'll be back :)" Definitely a new fave pizza spot for me."  N. Scottsdale and North and Central Phoenix you have NO EXUSE not to go. My only complaint about Spinato's is I eat way If you like your sauce sweet - I mean SUGAR sweet then this is the place for you. It does remind me of some Chicago pizzas I had as a kid - Just don't care much for the suagr sauce anymore...to each their own...  but I feel it was worth the wait.  I wanted to try this place because it says its the best pizza in arizona.  Two pizzas I enjoyed the most were Combo and Mama Spinato's pizza.  Right in the middle between soft and crunchy The best pizza in the great state of Arizona! Enough said A NJ girl has a hard time finding great pizza in AZ.  This place is Chicago style but not deep dish like pizzeria UNO.  The sauce is sweet just like i make at home.  Toppings are fresh and plentiful without being to much.  The bruschetta is fantastic!  No reservations so be prepared to wait but it is worth it!  The take and bake option provides a great product without all the standing around.  feta and salami... and it is literally the best pizza we've ever had! Wednesday nights they have 1/2 of a bottle of wine and their house red is pretty good. Very family friendly (sometimes too many families...) but the patio is always a good  but a little pricey - its expensive when you add $5 delivery charge. Maybe next time we will pick up or go to the restaurant. I recommend it if you want a good pizza"  best pizza crust ever!!! It was so delish! Look forward to another trip back and work my way through the menu!" "Spinatos has the best pizza in Phoenix by far! The sauce is delicious and the mamas signature spinach pizza is amazing! I can't resist the canoli for dessert  the sodas come with that really awesome crushed ice that looks like jagged little pellets. To me  maybe we should make it a 2 times per week minimum stop." Perfect what can I say yummy .good service  and the best sauce I was not impressed at all by the entire meal."  we had the Chicago pizza...fantastic!!! I can't wait to come back here again and try their other pizzas and calzones. So happy I was introduced to the greatness that is Spinato's!!"  good taste and good cheese also. At least the specialty is not spicy." I'm happy to say that Spinato's lived up to the hype." pF7uRzygyZsltbmVpjIyvw I would recommend Spinatos Pizza to EVERYONE and I can't wait to go back! :)"  very good pizza. I'll be back."  but I can pretty much guarantee I'll be ordering the spinach special gluten-free pizza every time I come visit family. Bonus points: Redbridge gluten-free beer for only $3 a bottle!"  but it works. I'm looking forward to trying the location in Scottsdale. I'm thinking about trying  a calzone."  you should definitely try it.  They also have the best gluten free crust!  I order it even though I don't have any problem with gluten.  Their family recipe sauce is sweeter than most but still very good.  If you're looking for a local pizza place you can't find anywhere else Love love their spaghetti calzones...the sauce is not too tangy and they add just enough cheese and the dough/ crust is baked just right. Incredible pizza!  Garlic bread was good too!  A little pricey but totally worth it. We definitely go back and try something different.  We visited for lunch on 12/31/11 - not too busy  - yet......." i would easily blow my paycheck here IF they had wings too...but the pizza is good enough for half my paycheck..."  the signature mama is so yummy!  I love that they deliver to my home too!" "Yum. Signature Mama all the way. This is a great place (I haven't had any calzone or pasta dishes  italian beef and basil. Toppings are ALWAYS plentiful. If you think the sauce is too sweet (which I don't) try adding garlic  but everyone seemed happy.  We were there for lunch during work and the service was great.  Never a dirty plate or an empty glass.  Would def recommend this place again." "I'm glad that I finally found yet another pizzeria that offers gluten-free options for pizza and other items. The gluten-free pizza crust is made by GFC (Gluten Free Creations Awesome chicago style pizza. Finally a great pizza place in Arizona. AWESOME PLACE THOUGH! check it out."  tastes like home. I've found my go to pizza place! Please go and judge for yourself!"  it has to be good. Spinato's lives up to its reputation for having really good pies. I tried a large mushroom and antipasti salad. Both were very good and I would recommend this for someone looking for an oldie but goodie for pizza. It looses a star bc there is one or two other places that may be better..."  I was involved in a car accident on my way to pick it up.  When I called to let them know I couldn't make it they were more concerned for my personal safety then a pizza that didn't get picked up.  About 30 minutes later Best gluten free pizza ever!! "Absolutely phenomenal pizza. This place has been right down the street from my home for years and I finally got around to trying it. I can't believe I waited so long. Spinato's pizza is very very good. I got delivery so I couldn't say anything about the dinning experience but their product is fantastic. After just one pizza (the Chicago)  that's how I was introduced. We used to always get the Hawaiian pizza until we discovered the spaghetti calzone. If you're a fan of carbs and the idea of a pasta-filled calzone sounds appealing Great place!  Lunch prices are good. Service was fantastic. Pizza is great.  pizza and cheese ravioli and all of it was excellent.  We also tried the apple/cinnamon dessert which also was outstanding.  We highly recommend it!"  the pizza was seasoned perfectly and i have to say that i was impressed! the only thing i may do differently for next time is to ask for the pizza well done.... i usually do this to all pizzas just forgot this time.   We also had it delivered Ive only eaten here once but it was amazing!! The service was fast and friendly and the food was delicious. I will find my way back here for sure.  good food.  Ask for Jimmy...he's a kick." I would definitely caution everyone ordering a delivery from Spinato's Pizza you just might not get a pizza."  which was huge and hearty!  They may still be eating it for leftovers. Bro in-law and niece split a plain cheese pizza and said it was aewsome.  The services is always Spinatos has a sweet sauce unlike anything I've ever tasted it definitely makes the pizza.  It's amazing." My only complaint was that it was abnormally loud in the small place. Almost to the point we could not hear each other at times. Have plans to return soon. They do not serve any fried foods  don't waste your time going elsewhere. I especially enjoy sausage Great pizza we love to order takeout! Visiting from Ca. We found Spinato's. The pizza was delicious the beer was cold and the service was great. A great atomsphere. The pizza here is delicious! Not as greasy like other places. The cheesy bread sticks with marinara sauce is so amazing. This is one of my favorite places to have pizza. Service is great. Very good pizza they put a nice family touch on there pies. The red sauce is a little to sweet but good. They have a awesome spinach style pizza which is great and a Italian beef calzone is worth a try "The Mama Spinato's Signiture pizza is the most amazing pizza I have ever had.  I don't even put it in the same catagory as regular pizza.  We can order peperoni pizza or what ever from any place.  But the Mama Spinato's Signiture pizza is speacial Best veggie thin crust of all time! This place is the best in phoenix and I am obsessed! Great service and just straight up tasty.  I bought a jar of sauce to take home so we'll see if its as good as the fresh."  calzones...   well really just about anything on the menu is fabulous. Their homemade sauce is to die for and unique to itself.  I have dined in and the ambiance is great.  Taken out This place is starting to become my favorite pizza place that isn't delivery. Really good."  bad management and service. Get take out!"  calzones are outstanding and the staff make you feel like family. Spinato's is our go-to pizza joint and we have never been disappointed. Definitely want to get there early to avoid the rush." It's amazing! The spaghetti is the best I have had and the pizza is bomb too. This is a great spot for date night or take out.  it's a good pizza.  I did like the Mamma Spinato's signature fresh spinach.  We also had the traditional vegetarian What seals the deal with the 5 stars is the service. I have NEVER had a bad experience. The staff is wonderful whether you dine-in or takeout. We were eating there just this weekend and I was amazed at how well they work together. If someone sees your drink empty  and a cool small Italian family owned restaurant feel. The garlic cheesy bread appetizer is great too  the service is good and best of all Best pizza in the valley!  Love to bake at home too!  Great service. The staff was nice and very attentive to our party of 10. Nothing to complain about at all from our visit. Great job." "Love this place! A real taste of Chicago. Awesome pizza and calzones! Servers are weird but who cares when I get such oh delicious italian food  but way above average and well worth the extra trip."  this is not good pizza. . ." HXw6sZuWKH6OiBrLnuyblw pF7uRzygyZsltbmVpjIyvw sHi82eZ6Dl62lSZ9ZaWcTg The waitress was very nice." FIUAZvRvVkeoBcLwwVte4w "If you want a great family restaurant when you visit Phoenix offering superior pizza and salad "Found this place by accident when someone brought in some pizza for lunch. Wow just had to go check it out for myself.  Walked into the take out section placed an order and they gave me a free fountain drink while I waited.  Very clean "Been here twice. Never dissapointed. Really good pizzas  but that is to be expected on a Friday night. service was friendly and prompt and the server even gave out preggo friend a t-shirt for her baby which was incredibly unexpected. Two appetizers and a pizza were enough to satisfy the appetite of four people. The food was great like we anticipated so there were no surprises there. On top of all that they had a selection of a few Arizona wines which we definitely took advantage of. In short Spinato's scored high for me in all areas." Also - take home any leftovers - they re-heat great for a couple days!" We will definitely be back ASAP!!" "Extremely average pizza. The server was very nice and helpful This is the best pizza we've found since migrating from Chicago 17 years ago! The staff is amazing - Quality is consistent and prices are fairly reasonable!  The Bell Road Location has the best service and is so convenient - as we live in New River - close to NOTHING! LOL  Truly recommend this place for Chicago transplants!  - THIS is what good food is all about!!! I'd rather have had DiGiorno!......and I hate DiGiorno.  After reading the reviews I figured there was no way we wouldn't like it and the bad reviews were the usual complainers.  Let be clear in saying I rarely write a bad review but this one warranted one.  We both ordered the personal pan pizza and it was barely enough for my appetite but I didn't want to spend over 10 dollars on a pizza for myself.  The sauce was horrible!  It was sweet and my taste buds were confused.  The server admitted that its a particular taste and the taste was not for her lol.  Go figure that the employees don't even like the pizza.  I never had a pizza with a sauce that was that sweet.  It was very strange.  The people who rated this 5 stars must have no taste in food.....sorry.  My fiance at one tiny slice and walked out hungry.  I finished mine and thought to myself..what the heck am I eating.  The one thing I can say is that they comped her meal at least.  We didn't ask but they did.  but crust and cheese make it an incredible combination.   Extra crispy is the way to go.  This is a must have!" The waiter was wonderful. The food was wonderful. And the environment was great. Would def go back and recommend to others!" Do yourself a favor - avoid and have a real pie.  No need risking Type II Diabetes from dinner." Great pizza and service here.  They are a key player on our take out rotation.  We like do do a half Lil' Italiana and a Half Get Meaty but sub the Canadian bacon with meatballs.  Omnom pF7uRzygyZsltbmVpjIyvw OMGthis pizza is the bomb that's all i gotta say! And go on Thursdays.  Trust me.  Half price pitchers.  Enough said." I absolutely love this place. I just moved back to Arizona from New Mexico and was really excited to find a local pizza place. There is a perfect amount of garlic in their pizzas. Its just fantastic. I've never gotten a bad pizza ever.. "Great pizza! Their sausage and mushroom and the spinach and tomato were amazing! I don't know how they make their sauce it's different but definitely very tasty  thin crust.  Amazing sauce like no other.  Delivery takes a bit but it is well worth the wait!"  and they have a small and quaint ambience.  The service is great while the pizza just tastes amazing.  We will definitely be back for my pizza cravings after church!" "Ordered delivery and it smelt amazing as soon as it arrived at the front door and tasted even better...  Very  they have Pepsi products!!!! Hooray! I got the Italian sub sandwich and the hubs for a little personal pizza We are definitely sold on this hot spot for pizza!" The pizza is delicious!!!! I had half Hawaiian half spicy Italian on thin crust & it was so good!! The cheese to sauce to toppings to bread ratio was perfect. It's going to be my new go to pizza place. Can't wait to try other items on the menu. Now that I've finally read other reviews on this place...it looks like I'm going to have to be stopping in!"  but expect delivery on weekend evenings to take 60-75 minutes.  Great flippin' pizza though."  so you end up with edge pieces that have a nice crisp crust on them and then you have this whole section of soggy middle pieces with no crust at all. We ended up eating around the outside and I guess the middle will go into the trash.  All in all we are putting this on the ""never again"" list. We can get a delicious pizza from Aiello's that is nearly twice the size for the same cost and it will usually arrive on time.  I will say the person who answered the phone and the guy who delivered the pizza were both very nice."  the food is not my cup of tea. I ordered a side caesar to begin and a pepperoni calzone. The caesar dressing was very fishy. The pizza sauce was way too sweet." "Worth every penny and then some. The secret is in the sauce I am pretty sure. The pizza is thin crust and sliced into squares so each piece is easy to handle. Meats are great and fresh I had a hungry family of 12 visiting from out of town and decided to try this place based on their Yep (Yelp Rep). They delivered big time. The pizzas arrived at my door on time and hot. We ordered 'da greek' and it got rave reviews from everybody. I will definitely order from them again!  recent functional expansion to get carry-out orders out of the way of dine-in guests. Bartender (i think Vicki) is fantastic If you enjoy and are open to different types of pizza The place is a bit small and there can be a wait during peak hours but that's true for any good place in town. Molly was our wait person (not sure if she's still there) and she's friendly and provided great service."  the location was convenient for the time that we had to give. On this trip we tried a Sicilian pepperoni pizza (excessively oily) and a MaMa's signature calzone (wet and runny The customer services had a little New york attitude (rude and fast) but its okay it was all worth it." "Shout out to the guy on Trip Advisor who said the L'Italiana here is the best pizza in Northern Phoenix...I don't live locally Pizza is good! sauce is sweet. They have lots of options.  even if it is a little crowded." I would also suggest the spaghetti and meatball calzone and almost any sandwich. You really cannot go wrong at Spinatos." If you are looking for pizza on the sweeter side with friendly servers this place stays consistent in its tastyness!  we started with a caesar salad and the meatball trio. The salad was pretty typical but still worth it. Skip the meatballs; the sauce on them was exactly the same texture and taste as everyone's favorite eponymous canned pasta product we all grew up with.  Great when you are eight  and then it got thrown away.  Such a waste.  The pizza was tasty. I would suggest to the owner to have some flexibility on common sense policy.  The manager suggested the possible reason for the policy is the kitchen chef is too busy to deal with these requests.  I would suggest that it only takes a split second to see the order ""no ham"" and would not slow the process down.  Not to mention then food would not be wasted.  I feel sorry for the employees who have to enforce and explain this excessive policy  and vegetables and meat are spread generously. My take out order was on time and Kimberly greeted me with a smile. I was told by the owner months before that the pizza sauce recipe has been passed down for generations. We'll Done!" I never have had a bad experience here.  Best GF crust ever!!! Service was extremely friendly on the phone and during pickup.  Bonus points for having fantastic napkins!  They are basically 22 squares of thick paper towel like napkins.  Possibly the best napkins I have ever been issued for a takeout spot lol.  I will be back to try out some other pizzas in the near future...probably dine in to see if the crust is crisper.  Overall  an older gentleman came walking around asking tables how everything was.  It turns out that it was the OG himself...Ken Spinato!   The guy who started this place back in the 70s.  We chatted for awhile and got into a good conversation about our move from San Diego and how we were going to go to Grimaldis but came here instead.  He was impressed that we had driven from Surprise to come here.  We had a great conversation about pizza "Sone of the best pizza in Arizona.  I'm from NY so I can't say best ever. .. Haha   sweet yummy pizza! And the pizza didn't take long to make at all! If you like a sweeter sauce "Simply whoa. This place is my new Italian restaurant. Everything tastes top notch and worth every penny! The pizza was one of the greatest ive ever had. And I LOVE pizza. My wife got the pasta "I went here for the first time on Sunday. I got the gluten free pizza and it was absolutely the best GF crust I've tasted. They get it from the Gluten Free Creations Bakery which is local. It is seasoned with rosemary and so delicious! Prices were reasonable My favorite sauce of Pizza in the Valley. It's a little pricey but definitely a great Pizzza.  but not crispy or tasty at all. The sauce is overly sweet. The cheese tastes like government surplus cheese used in school cafeterias. The pepperoni is bland and tasteless. Overall very average Only pizza I will eat! Sauce is amazing and they are not skimpy on the toppings at all! Happy Hour has some great deals as well! Service is always great I highly recommend going out to eat there! The pizza is really good with wine. Best pizza in the valley. Get there early if you want a seat this place fills up fast.  and tomato bits strewn about in some tinfoil. (maybe the mozzarella sticks will be great) Cold. Just like the Super 6 i ordered. Sad day in pizza eating history. I am not sure if regular management was away.. Or they had new management? But i was incredibly disappointed in the feedback i received when i called to complain that i just spent $70 on some Cold "Love this place. The sauce has a sweet taste and a little different from the norm. They have pretty good salads but let's face it. You come here for the carbs. Love their pizza and also the spaghetti with homemade meatballs. Such great service consistently. My husband and I love to come here and definitely do at least once a week. Also The service was awesome. He didn't over bug and was very nice. It was a nice quiet evening filled with mouth watering pizza and beer. Can't ask for a better sunday night (oh and football was on the tv in the bar)......"  and the pizza is awesome here too. It's quickly becoming my favorite date night location with my wife." Always great friendly service when dining in or taking out. They specialize in thin crust pizzas and The Get Meaty is my favorite. The menu is extensive and you can do half and half specialty pies to keep things interesting. I really enjoy the family owned vibe. Highly recommend and I would eat here again!  ahh melt in your mouth amazing. I tried the spaghetti calzone in vodka cream sauce this last time  mellow atmosphere. We had the pear and Pecan salad which was fresh and delicious. The pizza was great--fresh ingredients and arrived hot. Friendly staff."  it's worth it. There pizza IS 100% best in Pheniox!"  but every dish I have had bursts with flavor. If you get a chance to go make sure to save room for dessert because holy cannoli!" First time ordering pizza and salads. All I can say is 'excellent'. You are really missing out if you don't try their pizza.  Love it. The spicy Italian pizza has changed my life. I can't even try anything else here and all other pizza is just ordinary. Unfortunately they are closed on Mondays but the pizza rocks. Yummy...change in review...they are now open on Monday. Yay!!!  and too expensive for the chance to be so badly disappointed again.  I would have given less stars if not for the first experience.  I at least know that they have the potential for excellence This place is always busy and always friendly. The pizza is awesome!! Thanks for being great! Anytime I venture out & try a different pizza place I wind up disappointed & compare it (unfavorably) to Spinatos. Well "Yum yum yum!  Who doesn't love a spaghetti calzone? Carb overload that will put you in a delightful carb coma!  The service is a little hit or miss  her customers. As we  enjoyed our meal several other patrons were seated and Maria wound up with table after table of regulars. Seriously felt like we could end up part of the Spinatos Family!" Mmmmm. Pizza just like I remember back home in Illinois!!! Love it! Best ive had in AZ! All in all I would say if you enjoy good thin crust pizza this spot will not let you down!"  but a bit pricier than expected. Dinning area cramped." Awesome pizza and service. They brought it right to our hotel and we're super friendly.  Loved the garlic bread too! "Two words. Spaghetti. Calzone. You'll thank me later! Opt for meatballs and ricotta! The pizza/spaghetti sauce is slightly sweet. Love it.  We also get the specialty spinach pizza-lots of garlic "Great food. Reasonable prices. Maria was an awesome server. I highly recommend you make reservations Their pizza is great! Their sauce has a sweetness to it that most don't.  The staff is really friendly and the place is pretty quaint. My husbamd loves the Mamma' Calzone and their Get Meaty pizza is my favorite.  All in all its a great spot to try!! If you have a chance you definately need to try this place!! Ravioli with vodka sauce is the best!! Service is great they are always extremely friendly and food comes out fast!! Don't pass this place by. The Super-Six Pizza can't be beat. I've not tried the other dishes because the pizza is so good." "Our Da Greek pizza was among the best pizza I've had. We dined outside at lunch time on a recent Tuesday.  We had the outdoor patio to ourselves Spinato's is a a decent sized restaurant. The food is very good. The staff there is super friendly. The waitress I had was very open and comfortable in making a conversation with you. On our way cross town. Yelp says Spinattis is great. We stopped for pizza and Yelp was right. Enjoyed the cool patio even tho temp is over 90. Also our service was fantastic. We prefer thin crust. This was perfect thin crust. Not wimpy and limp like some. Good there are other ones in the valley too. Coming back for sure.  tasteless crust and an oversweet sauce; maybe it had something to do with the fact that the pizza was stuck in their version of a heat lamp Everytime i have had take out.  Pizza is always good. Its well worth the extra money for a decent pie. Heard all the talk about the great food and it was average. Pizza was ok and spagetti was bland with sweet sauce.  I'll try again but not right away. "Been here a few times. The service is always great  and I have never had a bad meal!  The food is great and so is the staff.  Try the spaghetti calzone  and wow! It was delicious and the only pizza place I get sauce added on. The crust is cooked perfectly. My favorite item would have to be the spaghetti calzone- I get it with the vodka sauce & the meatballs added in. So delicious and always a good way to end a long day! It's my go to pizza joint." "THE BEST PIZZA! First timer and was blown away. Get the ""Get Meaty"" pizza. Superb!!! Great service Why 4 stars not 5 - nothing to do with the food - i do wish they would deliver to my house :/ they will deliver to business by me but not my house. Second- they took away Diet Dr.pepper - not cool. WE ALL WANT IT BACK. :)" As a tip join the email list to receive coupons for your birthday and holidays."  ordered appetizer and salad and they came out fairly quickly. Strawberry Gorgonzola salad was good size and tasted good!  Spinach artichoke was just warm but tasted good.  We waited another 20 minutes for another personal pizza to come out. Again just warm. In this time we chomped on ice as our drinks were empty. Our calzone came out after our daughter was completely done with her pizza. While bringing our calzone Finally had the time to try Spinatos for our 41st anniversary. Victoria was our waitress and she was great. Started off with a capese appetizers and it was very refreshing. Moved onto six meat pizza/meaty pizza and Chicago steak calzone. Every dish was delicious and portions were substantial. Party of three ate for less than 60.00 dollars with drinks (sodas and beer). Enjoyed dinner so much that we are planning a revisit. Love This Place!  The staff is super friendly and the pizza is awesome  ...just wear your loose pants because they're gonna stuff you! "This place is great.  I have always just gotten to-go but they are almost always packed inside so i assume the service is great too.  Everyone that caters to the pick-up side has always been wonderful.  Calzones are really good Everything is made fresh at Spinato's. They have some of the tastiest freshhome made sauces. Be sure to check out the website. You can order food to go."  Sicilian....we could go on forever. Spinato's Pizza is perfect for my taste. Almost as good as Ledo's on the University of Maryland campus. First the crust was thin and perfect. (There are other crust options...but I ordered thin.) The sauces was sweet. The cheese had just the right amount of greasiness and the toppings were plentiful. This is NOT crispy crust brick oven pizza...this is great loaded with toppings pizza. I have now found my favorite pizza place in Phoenix (sorry Oregeno's!) and I will be back." We will be back - thank you so much Spinatos."  I would think twice about Spinato's given they way they handled their error." We found Spinatos the day we moved to the 16 St. And Bell  area. Amazing pizza! I was hooked the first time we ordered. We will definitely be back again!!!" "I tried the Toasted Da Vinci sandwich yesterday and it was outstanding. One of the best sub sandwiches in town. Toasted bun  the staff is very friendly.   Customer service is great.   Canoli was very good.  Reason for the 2 star is the sauce it is very sugary.   In my opinion sauce should not taste like this.   I cant eat anything here that has sauce.   The pizza is very overated Everyone loves pizza and this place does it right! My favourite dishes to recommend are the spaghetti calzone and the bruschetta. which I can tell the difference in the pizza in the dine in area is alway amazing !!!! Take out from here is just so so. I really think the Glendale location is best now they are always 100% consistent in flavor of their special sweet sauce oh that is the best part after all of this place :) I have not tried their dessert in all the years I have been one here but they look really good . If you are looking for something tasty and different than a normal pizza this is the place to try." I go to Spinato's at least once a week. Usually get it to go. However on a Saturday afternoon we went by and ate. We had their pizza special . We were able to get 2 of the small specialty pizzas for $8 each. That means the Super Six for my boyfriend and I. His 10 year old got the all meat pizza. It s a very good deal and value. The wait staff is attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. The place for a Saturday afternoon was quite busy but it still had a relaxed feel. Our pizza was delicious and we managed to have enough to take home from both of the pizzas. Spinatos is the best pizza in my book. Hands down the best delivery we have found in this area. Sometimes it takes closer to an hour and a half to deliver. That tells you how awesome they are. Never had a bad pie from these guys!  they have their menu down to a science. Another plus is that they have a take & bake option. As well as a jar of sauce for purchase to take home.   They have outside seating for when great weather emerges. Waiting area is a bit cramped but I suppose that is why the bar is right there.  They hire great staff - friendly and attentive. Highly recommended Spinato's." Their pizza is always so good! For some reason I can't get enough of the Greek salad. Thanks for a great dinner tonight! "Some people like dessert with their meal. The marinara and pizza sauces (if they're not the same) at Spinatos have enough sugar in them to give you cavities after one meal. The environment was appealing but loud We go weekly on Friday or Saturdays to see Maria and eat meatballs. They are the best but how Maria takes care of us is so personal. We love her! Great food and great service!  Every pizza and pasta we have had is amazing.   The sweet sauce on the pizza is like nothing we have ever had.  Maria is one of the best waitress.  Spinatos is definitely a must try! "After we moved to Phoenix we searched for restaurants that had birthday deals. Spinato's sent us a birthday coupon so we figured we've give it a try. My husband and I fell in love with the pizza "This was the best pizza I've had since moving to the north valley in the last year and a half. I have finally found my pizza place. I've tried them all This place is great! Great service every time. They have an awesome spaghetti calzone we all like. Our new Friday night family dinner go to. Guessing our son will be a regular. Not sure if that's a blessing or a curse!"  soooo crispy (even Sicilian style!) the toppings had tons of flavor and color. It was the best pizza I've had in years! I did not find that to be so at the 7th St. Location. And as usual...  Excited to come back sit on their patio when it cools down. It looks so cute! Interior is very cute as well I had heard rave reviews about the pizza and having grown up in Brooklyn I was practically raised on pizza. I was very disappointed in the pie we had. We purchased the par cooked and finish at home pizza. We followed the instructions and found the pizza to not be up to what we had been expecting. The crust was not firm at all and the pizza had a overly strong oregano smell. I like oregano but this was overpowering. We might try it again but won't be rushing back any time soon. "It is all about the sauce! I had the Mamma Spinato's pizza and added Italian sausage and it was really good. The sausage gave me texture but not so much flavor I LOVE Spinatos. The pizzas are delicious and they have peroni on tap. There aren't many better ways to spend a hot Sunday afternoon in Phoenix. Highly recommend. This pizza was ordered at my job. Their pizzas are on point. The fennel thin crust pizza was the best pizza I ever have eaten.  and the staff was friendly.  The pizza was ready when they said it would be." We were greeted by the friendly hostesses and seated right away. Our waiter was very friendly and he answered questions we had about entrees and pizzas on the menu. He was very knowledgeable. We were served our ice teas and soda's right away. Our order was placed and our food came out fresh and hot. My daughter and I had the gluten free garlic bread for an appetizer Delicious calzones! They are filling and tasty. It's my go to item on the menu. My husband loves the thin crust pepperoni pizza. Drinks are a little pricy but then they give you a gigantic cup so it's worth it! pF7uRzygyZsltbmVpjIyvw We were upset that the price of the meatballs went up $2 on happy hour. The savings is $.95 from regular menu......not much of a happy hour savings."  and a simple menu. We ordered the cheese and artichoke crostini for an appetizer. It was basically cheesy artichoke dip on ciabatta bread. It came with 4 pieces and was easy to eat and saved us from using too little or too much dip ourselves. For pizza we ordered the small (11 in) chicken presto pesto and it was delicious! Chicken I love the food here. The cheese ravioli is so incredibly creamy and the vodka sauce is on point. Pizza is always delicious and the staff is friendly. 1/2 price wine Wednesdays.  Life is good!  Food here is AMAZING!  By far best pizza in town! "My husband and I love Spinato's! This is the original location and they have the best service. We we always share the spaghetti calzone with meatballs. Their salads are delicious and they have gluten free pizza for the people with medical conditions. The place is affordable and original. Love the vibe at this location. We had our rehearsal dinner at the new location on 7th Street - much larger and less traditional The customer service was good. Unfortunately the pizza was awful. It was super soggy. I'm not sure if it was because there was a delay getting here but no one in our party could handle more than 2 small square slices. I don't think we will be ordering there again. Btw: don't forget the pie." I liked the  previous  location better . They had us wait for 20 minutes  when the restaurant  was only half full. We ordered their cheesy bread. Which was good but could have used more garlic. We ordered their pizza.  It was a little  salty. I do like the crust however I was eating  my salad first and it got a little  soggy. Salad was nice and large and I was able to share. The service was average . We had to ask for refills Best in Phoenix imo. Words fail. "Hidden gem of the North Valley. THE PIZZA IS FANTASTIC - this is coming from a Chicago pizza snob  but not too sweet. Their Italian beef with giardiniera pizza is the best version I have had. It's clear that the Italian beef is made in-house.  The sweet sauce balances the spice in the giardiniera perfectly.  Thier sausage was good Great pizza.  It costs a little more than some places but well worth it.  I reccomend the signature pizza. My husband has been bringing home a calzone from work to home in GoldCanyon for years from Spinato's and it's always been very tasty. Today we dined in and had a meatball mushroom calzone and was one of the best I've eaten. Just enough sauce to compliment the perfect crust. Rob our server was very attentive and helpful in recommending the best way to purchase and get a calzone to go when you have such a distance to go. I will continue to get them to go but definitely the best way to appreciate their calzone is to dine in. Amazing food!! Wonderful service - tastes like true Chicago explosion in your mouth! We will be back again and again!!! "I have never had a pizza like this before.. It's definitely a unique family recipe!!!! It's like a sweet sauce kinda "Best pizza I've found. Their sauce and chocolate chip cookies are incredible. The cookies have like six ingredients. Good quality "I love Spinato's! You seriously can't go wrong with anything on the menu. My favorites list goes on... absolute favorites would be garlic bread with cheese (I don't know what they put on it that makes it so amazing) "Delicious food!!! Will definitely be coming back!! Everything I've tried here has been amazing. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the waitress seemed angry the entire dinner. She smirked once after asking how our gluten-free bread was My boyfriend and I come here at least once a month. Food is amazing.  It gets busy from like 4-7 so we usually wait until after the rush so we can take our time.  Fridays they have $5 off a bottle of wine which is nice.  Great Happy Hour .The staff is very friendly and also helpful.I wish the bar was a little bigger but oh well" Spinato's combination of doing everything well ultimately results in some of the best pizza out there. I cannot recommend this place enough!" We had a fabulous pre theatre dinner here. The stuffed mushrooms were wonderful and the meatballs were the best I have had anywhere and I lived in Chicago for 30 years. Great waitress as well. Finally!! I've been trying to go here forever and I made it! This location definitely needs a makeover it's like stuck in the 80's. The bar had 4 stools and the place felt kinda sad. But I got carry out so didn't have to spend much time in there. The pizza was amazing sauce was a little sweet but I loved it. The thin crust isn't that thin and the cheese is not crappy Kraft.  drink specials and old fashion customer service make it what it is... Special !! They take pride in providing a great meal at a great price."  amazing pizza. This is my favorite pizza place!! We ordered the meatballs as an appetizer with vodka sauce. The best vodka sauce and meatballs ever.. I can't wait to come back!!" This is honestly the best pizza I've had since moving to Arizona in 2011. I'm telling you... this stuff is like crack. Trust me. Pay the extra couple bucks for for a large pie - it's about $20. You won't regret it. We had the Sicilian pizza and spaghetti calzone. Good stuff! Their cannoli was delicious too! Great place to eat...wonderful happy hour! We've tried several items on the menu. GOOD STUFF!!!  and it came with good old-fashion canned tomato sauce. This place sucks. Just go to Times Square and get the Pasta Giovani. That place is great." "This location is by far the best pizza in North Phoenix. If they sold wings they'd make my life complete. As is Spinatos Pizza is hands down one of the best Pizza I have ever eaten. Our family always order the large Hawaiian extra pineapple extra crispy. What makes their Pizza taste so good is the sauce. The sauce is perfect where it's not too sour and got a little bit of sweetness to it. This is our go to Pizza when we crave for pizza. Note that there are several locations and they are not created equally. The one is Tempe is really small with only a handful of tables. The one in Phoenix on 7th is huge but it's really missing the ""family pizzeria"" feel. This location on Bell is the best. Plenty of tables  been a faithful patron since the epiphany but wanted too throw out the Aurelio's name in case any other long time Phoenix folk had given up finding that taste."  the crust is thin and flaky. The green mango tea was delicious.Great sauce and fresh ingredients. The waitress we had didn't seem like she was having a good day "What is better than Spinato's delivery? The service & follow-up you get. When a mix-up occurred on an order In town from Charlotte and we were lucky to find this place. It was so so delicious!  We got the Big 6 (or something like that) and it was one of the best pizzas I have ever had. Try to get seated with Maria!!" Called a fourth time to ask where our food was...now an how and a half late....I'm now told its on way...yet girl who answered on my forth call to confirm delivery address gave me the wrong address yet again!!! This is rediculous and impressive..." The supreme pizza is packed with topping and very thin crust. Terrific pizza and around $15 for a large. Great combo Very nice waitress. The wait was a bit long but the pizza was worth it! The sweet sauce is delicious and a welcomed difference compared to other pizza places. Try the vanilla bean gelato alone or on any of the desserts!  we went here today to celebrate a birthday lunch and the service was absolutely terrible! I tried to secretly order a birthday treat for a birthday surprise. The naive hostess sent us a cannoli (we would have preferred cake.) Then the server announced it long before it arrived so it wasn't a surprise at all. To top it all off  how incredible their pizza is. I planned on picking up a couple pizzas on the way home from work. I call first at 6:45. An answering system says I'm 3rd in line. After 5 minutes it kicks me off and sends me to voice-mail. I tried again about 8 times within the next hour. Same thing. Except one of the times it said I was 2nd in line but I still got booted off after 5 minutes. Ridiculous! I totally understand that places get crazy busy. But they should have someone actually answer the frickin phone! Hire more people if they have to. I gave up around 7:45. I ordered from Isa's instead. Great pizza and they have the decency to answer their customers phone calls despite how busy they get." "Finally found a really good pizza in paradise valley and THEY DELIVER ! All the flavor you could ask for. I've only had a few different specialty pizza's here (chicken presto pesto & super six) but they were both excellent. Plenty of meat  this is one of the top fives for sure!!  We will be back again...if you haven't tried it you need to!!  This place does it right!"  cheesy garlic bread and also a thin crust pepperoni and sausage. Yes we were hungry!...so the apps came out first. The meatballs were delish! The sauce was so yummy and the garlic bread was good as usual. The pizza though...it was good....BUT Their sauce has a hint of sweetness that I really enjoyed and they don't skimp on the toppings. The crust is soft and perfectly chewy. I realize that's not everyone favorite but that's how I like it." The bar only seemed to have wine and beer. No cocktails. :(" This restraunt is a small little quaint pizzaria we waited abt 20 to 25 mins to get seated the service was great service Nick was our waiter and the manager was also great he was very friendly and helpful. Then to top it off we got the great six with hot peppers and garlic bread and a strawberry gorganzola salad . The pizza was by far the best pizza that I have ever had. It is a place I will be back to for sure. This is the best pizza we have ever had. Wow!!! We had the meat pizza and the mozzarella garlic bread that they serve with quality marinara sauce. We will definitely be back when we come to Arizona again! The service was also great! Great food! Pizza and Spaghetti Calzone was amazing! We will be back! Excellent sausage pizza and garlic cheese bread.  They use high quality ingredients and both items were perfectly seasoned. I will definitely be telling friends and business associates to eat here!! "Well seems they were closed for some reason. But there was an older person inside that had no problem knocking on the window as we put down something on there door so we could pull out our phones and see where else we could go eat lunch.  We were going to trash it after (I was going to make sure of it). No talking other then to bitch about what we had done and make sure it was removed. No information or sorry they were closed. Shame as I'm a local and had 3 new co-workers who wanted to try this usually great  place. Great 1st image you created for yourself and for the Valley with this attitude!! Even I might think twice now before going to this location maybe even all locations. Time to hire people who know customer service even if you were closed a ""I'm sorry we are closed due to.... We hope to welcome you back soon"" would of been a nice touch. Not happy."  the GF Mamma's Signature Pizza is to die for. I almost don't want to tell anyone. I add a couple pizza items to it. We are so hooked that if I could eat there 3 times a week and not get really big "Maybe my expectations were too high after hearing/reading the rave reviews. Soggy crust 