I guess I learned the hard way that amateur female business isn't really that encouraged here. The place is pretty expensive "I just received a message from the owner who apologized for the service. It's really great to hear that a business cares about reviews of service and are interested in making it right. I now feel like I was probably there on an off-day. So thank you so much for offering to make it right  you've got to tell me before we start racing. (Backstory: the yellow lights were on because someone crashed; okay so why do I need to use caution in other parts of the track where the crash isn't...we slowed as we got closer to the crash site ... that's when we got yelled at! We were like And ladies its $5 on Saturday night! Whoooo Hoooo!"  this wasn't the highlight of my day. If you're an avid go-karter then give this place a try. Just be aware that safety isn't exactly top knotch (which explains why you sign your life away).  They don't really teach you much but they do seem nice enough."  and I enjoy it more and more every time. If your goal is to achieve a personal course record Great place to have a corporate event!!!  They have a brand new restaurant and bar too. The staff is great. Recommend you check them out!!! Suites are cool and help with excitement  which I have come to expect at venues catering to motorsports." I had the best date night ever coming here." "A colleague and I are traveling across the states working for a rock n roll touring act and we have been going to many karting courses. Victory lane is by far our most favorite. We make it a priority to come here every time we are near Charlotte.  The course is awesome and the karts are insanely fast. These are GAS powered nh9UOEccNSNZkCDtTWG_2g I've been to a few other indoor karting facilities across the country  then they put 3 adults In the adult kart and ran all over the kids and ran almost 36 sec faster Be very aware of the risk of injury before you do this. It is about the same as playing football with a high school football team."  I refused to stay for another so we will be returning for another round (no refunds). hopefully I get a better experience next time."  which was nice since the guys can be a bit aggressive. The staff answered our questions and were very accommodating. The food for our party was surprisingly good. The carts are well maintained and very very fast. I've never been on a course like this. Might be more suited for teenagers and adults." Recently along came the introduction of Pit Road Bar & Grill! They have a vast variety of legendary bar food and cold flowing adult beverages. Most of the barkeeps are friendly and easy to deal with." If you want to go kart this is a great place. I would advise you to go with a group to ensure pleasant experience and take lots of pictures. As an adventure seeker Great place..good people...fun racing. Bring the family or a company out. Good times. They have a Bar and Gill called Pit Road Bar & Grill. Awesome food and they were just filmed for Diners Dive-Ins Dives on The Food Network. I will definitely be back and I plan to take my family and friends."  or any plan other than give us our money back and send us home.  My son was shattered and to hear this from a stranger made it even worse (why not pull me aside and make this a conversation so I could determine how to communicate to son?).  I couldn't understand how a 'no experience necessary' clinic can cut a child from the program for ""lack of driving experience"".  I didn't know there were many 8 year olds that had driving experience - where does one get driving experience at 8??!!?! I was sick to my stomach for what this experience did to his confidence as a child.  I called later that day to speak to the manager The length requirement for yelp sucks - The length requirement for yelp sucks -" "If I could give zero stars I would.   Victory lane karting is poorly ran and inconsistent with their own rules.  Plan on being hit by other drivers and staff not responding with a ""black flag"".  Instead  even though we were asking ahead of time the amount in our party.   Two of us were forced to go the next round.  They didn't even have their names or laps logged on the screen.   UPDATE: After our experience we were contacted by a victory lane staff member.  They were more than gracious in trying to remedy our experience.  The efforts on their end goes a long way as far as I am concerned."  we were told our wait would be an hour due to two corporate parties that were ahead of us. In actuality our wait was over two hours because both corporate parties purchased two rides per group and the line was wrapped around the building. Waiting in a first come  would have been at least another twenty minutes. Seems like common sense to inform people that you have to sign in first prior to speaking with someone at the front desk. We left."  they couldn't help me with that either. All they could offer is credit to come back a different day. I REALLY didn't want come back here though. If it wasn't for the price "Really cool concept! It was rather quiet inside but I expected that on a Monday.  We enjoyed a few beverages at the bar; they have a pretty decent beer list The food was very good. I choice a buger and my daughter choice wings. They will soon have a bowling alley there and I can't wait to go and race and bowl." 