 the grass range needs to be tended too.  It's like hitting out of US Open type rough...not very amenable to practicing.  Which kind of defeats the purpose of going to a golf range...Still gets 3 stars because the range is lit up at night which is excellent for those of us who are addicted to this amazing game  this place sucks.  The best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in Pittsburgh."  but close the drawers at 8 on the dot.  There are weeds grown all over the place.  I noticed some sort of batting cage Price for the golf balls was reasonable and I do plan to be back every week until they close up in October for the season. Hopefully "I drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.  It re-opens on July 14th and I can't wait to take my kids.  The new range looks amazing.  The entire range appears to be turf  all electric and all equipped with GPS. The greens fees are extremely reasonable and many of the holes are challenging Carts are in excellent shape and provide you with electronic scoring and course GPS.  The folks here take pride in their course and take very good care of it."  I am a novice and lost at least 5. Carts are in great condition and remind you to stay on the cart path (sometimes annoying when looking for balls but safety first) and guide you to the next hole. The pro was very nice and patient with our group as we had to delay teeing off for an hour due to parkway closures. Driving range is nothing to write home about but gets the job done for warming up. Beautiful views and lots of variety of length and layout of holes. I'll definitely be back!" Xl buckets prices are comparable to large buckets at other ranges. There isn't much of a clubhouse and there isn't any high tech lighting or large crowds. Balls are a little beat up and the grass isn't pristine or all that green. This is a range for the no nonsense golfer who just needs a patch of grass or a worn mat to hit practice shots." The place is a little small and you could have to wait for a spot on a busy day.  Mats and tees were in good shape.  $13.00 for a mega basket (150 balls) is a deal especially when Birkdale charges $14.00 for 100.  range balls are cheap. No pressure environment. Usually not very busy. Rather go here than anywhere else. Best for newbies to mid level players learning how to hit a ball. Always a good time"  it's cheap and low key. Very little shade under the canopy." "27 holes and a nine hole par 3. Nice course This is a very nice course that is great for all levels of play."  make sure you tell them you didn't finish the fifth hole."  and the fact that he can share those rounds will get us on the course together and get him more practice.  I highly recommend Pleasant View for their kids' lessons - so far Great staff and you can't beat the location.  Excellent place to hold a party or other event." "I recently went to a wedding reception here. I felt sorry for the bride and groom. The place was not clean for starters. The food was the worst part. The salad was soggy from the dressing sitting on it for far too long and then they put on top a hot fresh baked bread stick that came from the freezer  I'm sure Lake Windsor will take your wishes and concerns seriously and execute them into an unforgettable time as they did with us!" "Had the best time at a wedding reception here. Highly considering it for my next formal event. The scenery is gorgeous  I will golf here often.  It nice enough and if you look around you can find some good deals.  The staff are always very pleasant and helpful." If you're planning a wedding in the Madison area "All of the reviews here are for the wedding banquet hall and hardly anything about the course itself. I'm here to tell you all that the course is one of my favorite courses I've ever played! The fairways and greens are in excellent shape and overall the course gives out a ""fun"" vibe. I especially liked the par 3 on the back nine with an elevated tee and a pond to carry over to almost an island green. I also liked how on the first and tenth tee boxes  and the fun mimosa and Bloody Mary stations. Our vendors also appreciated Brandie's availability and quick responses to inquiries. Our wedding day was the perfect reflection of us The price is very reasonable - from $22 to $37 walking 18 depending on the time.  There is a twilight special where after 6:00 PM you can golf as much as you would like for $10.  The only problem with this is that a lot of people get in line for this and the rate of play is pretty slow.  The bar and grill in the clubhouse is one of my favorites of the city-owned courses.  The bar is well stocked and they usually have a couple of decent taps.  The last time I was there I enjoyed the new Capital Prairie Gold from a frosty mug.  You can always count on getting a can of Capital out on the course as well.  The menu is surprisingly broad and well-made.  The wraps are a satisfying end to the round My only criticism is that it is not an easy course to walk with long distances between holes. I think courses should be walked."  a pretty good course with cheap green fees. Will certainly be back "This would be one of the best courses in the state if it wasn't for all the ambient noise  on at least half the holes.  The airport is 1 2 mile away  well-maintained public course in Madison. I've played many of the public courses in the area and this is by far my favorite ""cheap"" course. My husband and I walked 18 holes and it was $27 pp on a weekday. The greens were in great shape Often times you will see cool wildlife. One time I saw about 7 muskrats. Another time I saw 7 deer."  for around $25.  It's not a great walking course - the distance between one green and the next tee box can be quite a hike.  If you don't mind the extra walking Went there for dinner on a Friday night and was impressed.The place was crowed and the atmosphere was friendly and fun. The baked cod was very good and their cuban sandwich as well.  Its a no frills place and wasn't cheap but I would go back. "The course maintenance has really gone downhill over the last couple of years. The tee boxes are very chewed up and the greens "I just got done golfing here this place was my favorite so far for a local 18 with a cart. It was like 30 bucks for 18 with a cart. You can see a lot of the pins which I like. They have a panflet explaining to do for each hole. Very suclueded for being in town. Nice staff "The condition of this ""golf course"" was absolutely disgusting today. The fact that it is the middle of September should have no bearing on said conditions.  The fairways looked like the rough of your average small town golf course Called 3 weeks in advance (twice!!!) to reserve a tee time for foot golf. Show up the day of for a family get together and they tell us foot golf doesn't start for another month! How are your employees not well trained enough to read a calendar? Not just one but TWO employees. Luckily we went to Vitense on the west side they are much better - that is the competition Bridges should be worried about.  and players pulling their carts right up to the green. Got charged $10.00 for a very small bucket one day to hit off their terrible turf of a driving range Called a week out to hold an after work gathering of 30-40 friends in clubhouse.  Restaurant manager said no problem.  Called an hour before event.  Manager gone - staff no clue we were coming.  What a cluster.  Never take a group back there for any event.  Golf or otherwise. This place is a dump.  They don't know how to take care of the greens and it was way overpriced.  We went yesterday because we live nearby and didn't want to spend an hour driving to hit balls on a driving range.  It was $10 for a bucket of balls.  I have managed 5 different golf courses in my life and the most I ever charged was $2.  I see now why others have posted bad statements about the course.  fair golf courses.  Wide fairways and large greens make for a good experience for the average golfer.  Plenty of sand but all well placed and not designed to punish. Greens are usually fast and in outstanding condition - and have enough undulation to make it interesting." Never had a problem with the carts"  greens always in great shape. Good driving range and putting green. Wide open layout is great for double digit handicappers. Wind puts teeth in course which changes daily making every round a unique experience. Pro shop has best Illini gear in town."  challenge with wind.  No GPS. senior Staff member in club house was not very friendly in two occasions I had to play the course.  Truly a good value and worth the drive."  the customer is ripping the course off instead of the other way around.  This place may not have a lot of frills I am looking forward to playing Papago again after they have the LPGA stop later this month." This is an old Phoenix course that was recently renovated.  They are getting ready to host and LPGA event on March 26th.  I thought the course was okay--nothing special and hard to believe that it was selected to host a tournament.  They have a lot of work to do to get it ready in time.  I am eager to look on TV and see how it turned out.  I thought the holes were pretty good but nothing special. The Pro Shop was in a trailer and minimal in what they had to offer.  People there were very nice.    Probably wont go back with all the choices available in Scottsdale area. Did I mention I love the new water and ice machine out on the course?" It was surprisingly slow out there too. I went out as a single and never had to join up with anyone. That's pretty rare for a day at Papago." So I guess this course will go down in my memory similar to the other Phoenix landmarks that are now gone.  Similar to the old Cine Capri Movie theater on 24th street.  I would rather remember Papago Golf Course as the great muni it was First time playing on Bermuda type green also. I liked them alot and wish more courses used it."  you can't beat the value here.  I would definitely play this course again." papago has gone downhill after about the 1980's.My name is Billy Mullen.What happened??? To take down trees(huge) for shade in az is about the worse thing you could have done to papago.It needed new irragation sprinklers This is DEFINITELY the GEM of all the Phoenix courses.....my son and I played here and absolutely loved it....it is a long course and the only negative thing is they a map of the course so you know where you are hitting to....but the shape of the course was spot on I felt like I was playing a championship course!  you will eventually need it.  ""What's a desert club you ask?""  It's a 5 to 7 iron that you don't mind taking chunks out of hitting from waste areas.  If you don't have ""desert"" club.  Just drop out  yet I had one of my best rounds ever and broke 80 here.  It was a LPGA stop a few years ago.  Nothing fancy in terms of amenities I didn't have a problem with the clubhouse being a series of trailers stuck together. There's food Please mark by colors at each tee off. Provide better signage for those of us who are new to this course. Please consider making these suggested changes. I would have given this course a higher rating of the signage was appropriate."  but this is insane fast. I was told by the Marshall on an up hill green speed is 12.... down hill can be as fast as 14.. now this is PGA standard. Later to find out they just had a tournament last week. Anyway its rather flat course and for some reason the two mountain with very different looking rocks are always insight. Its like Papago landmark. Overall its an excellent condition golf course. Signature hole - hmmmm none that i can remember Really enjoyed this course.  It is seemingly tucked away from the big city in Papago Park.  You would never know that you are near a metro area except for the planes that fly overhead constantly from nearly Sky Harbor airport.  Everything was great including the very attentive staff.  Only one reason for 4 starts instead of 5...the price for out-of-towners was $70....pretty high for a municipal course. Y1HeP1ed5NPh7U5hhI7X0g  great men's club.  My only concern going forward is ASU taking over... Tee times are going to be hard to come by Great track! Long par 3's that are as tough as you can play. The greens are really good fast and true. If you are putting towards the mountain its a little slower. If you are facing Phoenix fast and they all break towards the airport.  greens were fast and rolled true.   Dormant bermuda aligning fairways and surrounding greens backdropped by the red rocks made for terrific scenery.  As relatively high handicappers we enjoyed the mixed tee opportunities.  A fun Phoenix golf experience at a reasonable rate.  We'll come back." Grass is in great shape. Excellent views all around central Phoenix. Can't beat the price either. "Probably the best municipal ran course in the area. Track is in good shape and the greens are true. Staff inside the pro shop (double wide trailer) are nice. Only negative are the cart guys. If you don't let them wipe your clubs down for a tip they say something sarcastic (happened to me both times). There is no need for these guys (other than to put the carts away) bc they have a club cleaner on the side of the cart. They're like homeless people who run out to your car while stopped at an intersection to clean your windshield without asking and expect compensation. My suggestion is to have them ask I gave them 2 stars because the course was in good shape." Great course. Staff was great and pleasant. Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because they just punched the greens.  so it is quite an undertaking to offer what they do at Papago.  My clubs were actually carried from where I parked my truck today.  They really do whatever it takes to please their guests.  It's the little extra things that are impessive.  The greens were almost immaculate and I can't tell you how much of a pleasure they were to putt on.  It's shocking how great this course played in the middle of the sumner.  Everyone who works at Papago obviously loves what they do.  Guys like Brett.  You can tell how much pride they have working here.  Daryl in the clubhouse took really good care of us and almost made us feel like we were members at Bushwood. Can't wait to be back!"  we had two walkers and two riders  but I was saved by an angel.  We are all too familiar with what this heat can do to the unprepared.  Sadie came to my rescue with her hydration techniques The restaurant/bar offers good fare at reasonable prices and the air conditioning is always blasting in the summer months. There is GPS on all the carts and the staff is friendly and helpful." Good deals can be had on golfnow.com.  I certainly wouldn't pay full price." It is a pretty nice golf course although sometimes I get a little carried away by the homes in the area. We would definitely play again!" "Links course is awesome.  Set up tee time through golf now and was very inexpensive (under $50 with cart).  Played on a saturday in the spring and great pace  and gave great advice on what course to play. Hole 15 on the Links Course has incredible views and I recommend this course to anyone looking for a great value. One of the oldest courses in Phoenix too!" Staff is extremely friendly and the restaurant offers great food at a reasonable price. I would stay clear of the course on the weekends in the morning. You will play a 5+ hour round." SSpo77CXIwCjEjhxEDYslg  take some time to check out the restaurant and bar in the resort lobby. The place is packed with interesting bits of Arizona History and the architecture and lighting is amazing. I wandered up to the second floor to scope out some of the old pics. Also  5 hour round on a very short course.  The holes are close together so keep a lookout for the players on parallel fairways because we were either hit into or had to wait for someone out of the wrong fairway on 25% of the holes.  The front nine is not too challenging "If you elect to play either of the Arizona Biltmore courses be prepared for a slow round of up to 5 hours. The club is under separate ownership from the Biltmore Hotel. Hotel guests pay considerably higher green fees than local residents. The owners of the courses pack as many people on the course as possible and do little to maintain a decent pace of play. Sometimes they run out of carts. Today's round took 5 hours on Adobe. The lead group had three open holes in front of them. Two groups behind us quit and we still had 3 groups waiting to tee off on 18. This is not an uncommon occurrence  landscaping maintenance is superb and the staff is very friendly. The course offers some good difficulty but is a bit more forgiving than desert courses." "Played the Links Course for the first time and will not be back.  The greens on the front nine were in terrible shape The course I s in good shape . The greens look slow but  are running around a 9 . The pace of plat was right at 4 hours but could have been 10 minutes faster.the cart girls were coming around every three holes. Drinks are a little on the expensive side . There is water available on the front and  before the 10 th hole.there are numerous beautiful homes on the course.  The sand traps did have rocks . The course is reasonably priced for the summer  and the fact that nearly every hole runs scarily close to roads is offputting. Price is also exorbitant unless you are a resident  and very fast greens. Friendly staff They have a great special  6 rounds for about 150 including the wigwam.  The course is in great shape.  Pace of play is normally great but we got stuck behind a group that was not familiar with the course.  Greens are hard to read and a little slow. We still got done in about 4 hours Played the Adobe golf . Started off  with a triple on hole 3 . The pace of play was good  . There was a foursome ahead of us but we played the course in 3 hours and fourth minutes.  Greens were mice and smooth.  The rolled  around 8.5 . . The course was on good shape and there was plenty of sand in the traps. Cart girls came around every fourth hole The course  had a lot of areas with no grass or very thin areas . The greens  were not consistent.  Cart girl came around often.  We were greeted   at the counter . The price was reasonable  except  for  ten dollars  range balls The bad part! The greens! Unplayable. I felt like I was back in 1940. No point of getting it on the green when the insane length of the greens won't give you a chance. Pass. Played my 18 holes and got out!!" Great specials can be had after 2.30 and we still played 18 holes before the light ran out."  greens were smooth and consistent.  Staff was attentive  and pace of play was just over 4 hours . Course is centrally  located" My only complaint is the service.  The guys who work the carts need to grow up and act a little more mature.  I get tired of standing there watching towel fights or two guys arguing over who can hit a golf ball farther.  I don't know why S9GjxjSeAaSUaQYfdlR7jg Go if you get a rate.  Not worth full price." Great guys at the pro shop!! I think we bought them out of the new Nike colored golf belts! Thanks so much for the hook up and getting me in and out quick when buying the pink belt for my wedding day!!! Overall we had a great experience and we would definitely play this course again or even bring friends to it." I would play here again..." This is what I think of when I think resort style golf course." Played this course for the first time yesterday and I loved it. It was a fun and challenging course. Greens were in great shape as well. The sights were amazing as you play through the mountains. The staff was very friendly and helpful. When you finish playing they give you an ice cold towels that has a mango scent to them.... Loved that! I will be returning to play very soon. "One of my favorite courses in the Phoenix area. Love the elevation changes on the back 9. Staff is always great. Start of back 9 has a little hut for lunch that you place the order on 8. Usually a little bit of a wait on 10 Lookout Mountain Golf Club is average golf course for the money. They have good views and few challenge holes. Troon has done a good job managing this property. Plenty of water fountains and beer carts for the hot summer days. After this experience I drove down the street and used the facilities at the 500 club instead."  the staff is amazing and it's got some of the best views in the Valley. The course is challenging and there's lots of elevation Beautiful course. Fun & challenging. OK price. Friendly staff. Great course condition. Convenient location from anywhere in the valley. We'll return. I would definitely return."  have been paying $50 per round less than me by booking at Golfnow.com. I would think the club house would be upfront on pricing with a patron that is staying at the resort.  Lesson learned!"  from the guys in the golf shop to the player's assistant on the course. Just an enjoyable and memorable experience from start to finish. Oh Good driving range where balls are included in green fees." The course was worth the money.  Overall conditions were very plush.  There are lots of sand traps strategically placed specifically for my game.  I managed to find every single one.  I will gladly come back after I work on my swing a little more. We were looking forward to golfing and our expectations were high!! It's Arizona! Wow... what a disappointment! We have never been to a course where the people working there (2 men) were so miserable! The course was nice but no one said hello or greeted us in a friendly manner or even gave us a quick chat about the course! We left there and thought to ourselves... what a sucky place! Obviously will never come back !! We went to a nicer and friendlier place in Scottsdale. Will defintely go back there! This is one of my favorite  courses . Greens and fairways  are in great shape . The course  is convenient .the food at the halfway  house is excellent.  The course  can be a little  pricey.  The greens are very tricky . Their are some outstanding  views on the course.  Some times the pace of play is slow 