"Absolute worst customer service ever. I sent an email with my specs on 11/13 to James. He said he would work it up and get back to me. He never did. I followed up with him on 11/19 and he said he will work it up and have it to me by Friday 11/22. He immediately charged by credit card. Still no call or completion. I called up once again on Wedneday 11/27 and asked about the status. James was not in the office and called back on Monday 12/2 to find out nothing was done I'm not sure where I should start.  Maybe the fact that it took them three  weeks to get artwork to me.  Maybe I should start with that I was told I was being charged a $50 mark art work but was actually charged $550 for signs when I haven't even picked our the type of sign material I wanted yet.  Or maybe I should talk about how the owner did not accept any responsibility.  Or maybe I should talk about how they only completed half of the order and then completed the other half a week later and never bothered to tell me. Or maybe I should talk about the fact that we told me I could go **%* my mother.  Beside that I guess overall it was a pretty good experience. Had a horrible experience with this company a few months ago. My story sounds very similar to the ones posted on here already. Incredibly lousy customer service and an owner who could give a damn about filling orders and delivering service. I've used Realty Sign Co since 2009. They have have three convenient locations and they do a great job. They are helpful and will do their best to fill my crazy time requests like 75 open house signs in a week. :-) I recommend them to my realtor friends who many times are very demanding and they get the job done.  but having the warehouse right behind them makes them tell for help at each other  don't ya think? I gave Joe my request. Which was pretty unique. I needed decals applied to a tinted window on my patio. Something to spice it up. We tried ourselves and those little decals bubbled more than a flapjack on a hot griddle in Atlanta in Julyyyy! I've never been to Atlanta or referred to pancakes as flapjacks. Something I just channeled so it seems. The work  buddy"" here). Joe WILL get your name right and take an interest in your business. Just the right balance of professional and jovial. Extremely fair pricing. I thought this place might be sketchy because there is a very angry anti-congress sign out front and the bright colors on their own sign are hideous. Don't let that fool you. You will love these guys. They will love you. And they told me if my sign didn't work DJ and the guys were able to accommodate a special request and they did it blistering fast time. They suggested the best materials for the job (unlike FastSigns) and they went the extra mile to get my project done quickly and within a reasonable budget. I will be coming back! Thanks guys! Craig Talked to DJ for some signs. Real nice guy with willingness to help. Highly recommended  extremely quick and very cost-efficient. Friendly service as well!"  how quick the turnaround time is and how they consistently beat the competition's pricing.  There is a lot of competition out there so I would recommend giving them an opportunity to bid on your printing projects.  You won't be disappointed!"  thank you Copy Works!"  and brochure printing for those with more commercial printing purposes. Apparently also offer pick up and delivery Jewel and her staff are the best!  We've been using Copy Works for lost dog flyers and posters. The prices are very reasonable and turnaround time is fast. I definitely recommend this place.  they always get back to me quickly and if I need something printed ASAP they can handle it  genuine care and guidance has made it so that there is never anyone in the sign business I would use. I have a retail establishment and signage  quick service and great communication. Highly recommend him for all of your business sign needs!!!" "Lisa and team went above and beyond providing solutions and cost effective options for my team and I who on top of ordering same day needed to have everything ready within 4 hours of placing the order.   I'm so thankful to have dug up through old emails to go back to the contact and vendor we used one year ago.... Lisa assisted me without hesitation and put everything together for me in no time.  We were scrabbling to get some vinyl banners for a tent that needed a sponsors branding...which was misplaced. But we ended up finding after the order had been placed.  I called Lisa back to let her know that we had found the missing tent (cringing since we had already placed our order   They used google maps to view my bldg. to see where and what size signs would get the best exposure and designed them PERFECTLY.  Was in constant communication with me on the progress  and fonts because they said it would cost more if they did the research on fonts to match them with my business cards.... They said they would have trouble duplicating the image onto sign for side of truck because of pixilation problems... But said they could figure it out.. I was looking to have both sides of the truck signed. They got me a quote for $1 I was advised my sign may take up to 4-5 days and received a telephone call two days later to come pick them up! I know where I will be going for all my printing needs! Thanks !"  though not always in a timely fashion. He seems to have more business than he can handle & could probably use help." They do get 2 stars instead of 1 because I've used them in the past and they do make a quality sign.  I don't mind waiting as long as I'm given an accurate estimate.  Also Josh really is a nice guy This is the LAST order I ever give to this company. Lesson learned." Josh seemed nice but completely in over his head. Angela never seemed particularly pleasant and always seemed inconvenienced by my inquiries."  they helped me figure out a sign pole retrofit solution that meant I didn't have to dig up the old (deeply buried) poles.  They also noted that the 10' pole I needed would probably not fit in my SUV and immediately offered to drop it off at my house.  It arrived 30 minutes later via a very professional older gentleman (no charge for delivery) along with all the nuts and bolts (no charge for hardware) I needed to attach the various neighborhood signs we were installing.  I felt it was the kind of service that used to be standard I've ordered plenty of signs and the customer service and sign service overall I received was wonderful. I have had no issues or problems at all and they have always delivered the expectations I had. It's been my go to place for years and will continue to be. Thank you "Alison helped me out with banners and graphic design.  Very easy to work with I found her on yelp and could not resist to see what everybody was talking about . Prices were very reasonable . Alison is awesome ! Designed postcards and new business cards in a day . I could have not thought of anything better . She has a real talent .!!! Nick www.aarrowsignspinners.com" ipOeYGaW2rxJh8zwmfqi6Q  graphic sign for my trailer and a graphic on the back window of my SUV.  Love it. Fun to work with. Highly recommend." 