"Best gryos in Pittsburgh in a little shop with a lot of Pittsburgh flavor! Potomac is street parking with meters "I have some errands that I run in Dormont every Monday. When I finish the errands I stop at Knossos every week to pick up a couple of Gyros to go for my girlfriend and I. It seems to be a good We had food delivered to our house last night from Knossos. I tried their pierogi which I found to be quite good. Also tasty are their broccoli bites and their huge ice cream sandwiches (homemade). Very recommended!  and spiced very well.  The perogie was also really good. I will definitely go back and try some of their other dishes Obviously you'll get the traditional gyro's here as well "Hummus is very good. Not a place you'd want to ""go out"" for dinner but great for a quick bite to eat. Would go there again."  our gyros were cold and fries were soggy. I wont be ordering from here again." Fairly cozy and diner-esque on the inside"  and obviously not fresh as I watched the woman cut from the very top of the thin spindly piece of meat left and then microwave it before serving me.  I will never go back to this place nor will I recommend it.   Stay away  who was very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu was great.  She truly helped out with our dining experience.  We also had couple gyros The Burgh's best gyros! Don't expect a fancy atmosphere and you won't be disappointed. Cheap eats and a diner-like atmosphere. They even deliver! A place worth checking out!" I don't like to bash food joints but I won't be back!  I'm not hard to please  with the cheese melted all over it.  The only thing that could have really been improved upon was the service.  The girls looked bored and like they didn't really want to be there.  But then again they also looked like they were in high school Had some cole slaw as a side and yet again This place I need to visit more to try other things on the menu. The lemon cake was moist and tasty. I had inquired about it and when I got home there was a piece of lemon cake in my bag free of charge. The nice lady at the register was nice and friendly." They have some of the best chef salads in town. Their bacon cheeseburger combo is good as well. 