Average run of the mill store.  Associates are young teens and they really don't know where anything is.  Luckily I am able to get around to find everything.  Found my puppy treats and moved on. Good bakery at this location too." "This SnS and the one in Bethel Park are my two favorites.  Staff always friendly and the deli staff in both locations are great!  In my experience  busiest shop N saves I have ever been to. Nice friendly staff. Great layout. And again  and saves me the trip of driving all the way to Ross Park Mall. Anyway It seems as this GE just might be the answer to my grocery stores woes."  if not all of southwestern PA. Its selection is considerably larger than what you can find in most Giant Eagles  but you can look at this Giant Eagle and see how they came up with the Market District Idea and rolled with it. Fresh made sushi  I'll stop crying. I know I'll eventually be back. I'm sure (??) it will be an even better more magical grocery shopping experience once they're done. But I can't take it for right now. I'll be forced to shop at the Ghetto Bird down in the Southside until my former #1 store is all shiny and new again." Sometimes the staff is a bit cranky (but that can occur anywhere  this location is great. It has basically everything you need and is well organized. You can find a lot of ethnic ingredients you can't get at other GE stores. They also offer a wine kiosk  and it doesn't get nearly as crowded as Market District. I do wish a bulk spice selection was included as part of the expansion  quick and convenient and this serves all those purposes with upholding the quality.  Need a quick sushi fix?  This place is it!" "This is easily one of the best Giant Eagles I've ever been to. Huge. Very nice selection. Easily comparable to Whole Foods. Went to their cheese market They did however have crazy selection when it came to things like....corned beef brisket or anything that has potato in it.  My californian mind was boggled by the variety of brands and cuts of corned beef that were available.  Too bad that wasn't what I was there for."  this is the only location that carries the toothpaste that i've used for most of my life (outside of pittsburgh). the location is clean and the staff are friendly.  i sometimes resent having a market district being the closest giant eagle to my apartment "This is a absolutely beautiful Giant Eagle.  I only stopped in to grab a quick bite from the prepared foods section  Regent Square or Kennywood Giant Eagles. All three stores are much smaller but seem to stock rare items like unsalted (or as of late sea salted) Xochitl tortilla chips and Honey Nut Cheerios." "I'm with Rachel C. on this one. You get an extra star for being a pretty Giant Eagle and a Cafe with a very decent beer selection of 6packs and individual bottles. Even though the Giant Eagle in Robinson is better in my opinion you My only complaint would be wait time to check out. They never have enough cashiers at peak hours. The store has like 20 checkout lanes eT5Ck7Gg1dBJobca9VFovw  ringing and bagging your cart full of groceries and generally being an afterthought as a customer "This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once (I really should have known better).  Never again.  My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide eT5Ck7Gg1dBJobca9VFovw  and easily repairable (hint) issue that shouldn't keep you from visiting."  has expanded their pharmacy health care area.  Which is nice  good cuts of meat and there's even a six pack shop on the premise." Always busy and parking never an issue."  or risk your health. Go to any other pharmacy in town  plenty of cashiers. My father eats there couple times a week. He is a senior citizen and he usually get free coffee because he is a veteran. Last week he was told they no longer doing that program. Today he went to the Edgewood Giant Eagle and they gave him free coffee." This giant eagle is one of the only things I miss about  old house. The produce section and deli were great. Also had an overall nice selection of everything.  market square and bakery.  Fresh produce and extra convenient to have vegetables and fruits cut and packaged.  Love the fact that I can shop I can't hate on this GE. It seems similar to a market district but i dont believe that it is...... yet." It is now a shop and save. This store has changed hands many times over the past few years and it shows. Fifteen years ago if you didn't get there by 9am you would have fight a crowd. Now it never seems all that busy. Many of the store's best and dedicated employees left or were let go (about five years ago) and product lines change with each new owner. The most recent owner seems to be improving the store and employee turnover has seemed to slow.  you either get the girl who is nice and friendly or the one that hacks and coughs and roll their eyes at you when you order more than one item.   The cashiers talk to one another and don't really pay attention to you and sometimes you have to watch them as they will ring up an item twice  and all the things you'd find in any other large chain." "I was at my friends house who lives in the area. We stopped here for a few things. It was a well kept giant eagle which seemed bright & clean in my opinion "The store overall is the same to most other basic giant eagles. Fine enough selection fair prices and they carry schneiders tea. I gave this two stars because time and again I go here after work to grab something quick to make at home. I had the unpleasant experience of having Janice as the worker at the deli counter. Not only did she not look like she did not want to be there but the only words that came out of her mouth was. Anything else? No hi This is another good Giant Eagle. I pretty much like them all. A wrong turn led us to this one a couple of weeks ago where we picked up some items. Huge store as usual. Still expect to pay more if you shop here. Selection at this particular location is average." I used to like giant eagle until they decided to monopolize Kennedy Twp by cutting a deal with the local shop n save having them close their doors it forced too many people to one store. They frequently run out of things because of this. The place is crowded and never has enough people working to support the busy holidays. Soon it will be as bad as going to Walmart  I only shop here because of the location and fuel perks.  but there isn't a lot of variety and you won't find any specialty items .  The deli and meat selection is good and cheap--nearly half the price of the big bird.  You can find most staple items here and they always double coupons.  The produce aisle is humiliatingly sad.  There is no bakery I love to shop at Kuhns!  the meat is always good and priced well.  the specials are great!  my only problem is there is no public restroom..  a few times I had to go very badly on a large shopping trip and had to leave and run up the street to a restaurant and come back and finish my shopping...  swing by for ice cream and a chick flick. Compliments of Kuhn's!"  this small business deserves our business more than the cut throat monster bird." Checkout can be slow. If you're in the middle of making dinner or baking and need a quick missing ingredient  its a journey into my past when most  grocery stores were set up like this and I would see neighbors encountering  other neighbors who gladly took the time to find out how each other's families were doing  This  hometown feel is priceless... Thirdly  be prepared to slide it at least three of four times since the employees are too incompetent to eat anything right the first time. My advice to the employees: If you hate it here so much That's what happened to me yesterday.  I would have been better off going to Cogo's or 7-11.  I might have paid a bit more  nothing beats how BAD that store was.  There is a reason that store was nicknamed ""the dirty bird.""  Compared to that North Oakland store that closed several years ago BG4N0V93wml9kaU6YYRxRA  I only went here because I was at Target and didn't want to venture any further to complete my shopping."  hopefully not produce. Parking is easy and you can hit up the unpretentious Wine and Spirits in the same stop. I think this plaza still exists to prevent impoverished people from venturing into the other newer fancier stores which are a mere half mile away and designed to appeal to people who think they are cultured and discerning."  left a full cart bacause a woman (with a baby in a stoller) shouted at me for ""cutting in line"". Will never go back. At night it is a nightmare." This Giant Eagle is a perfect one to go to. They have a great selection of prepared food and more options to choose from. It is in a safe location and I can easily hop on the bus to go there. The only thing I don't like about this Giant Eagle is everything in Giant Eagle is outrageously expensive. So if you don't what too shop at a Middle Class food store in East Liberty then go to The Market in Shadyside."  I'd hit up the liquor store for some wine afterwards for dealing with long lines wait & awkward clientele outside." Ugh. Dirty. Long lines. Walked out without making purchase . My friend and I went into this Giant Eagle for a ""quick trip"" to pick up some chips and such before going to a party. Took us three minutes to find some chips. We stood in line to check out for about half an hour. It was like a window into hell. The line was for ""express  she makes sure you know you've bothered her from what she was doing. I can't wait to return to this Giant Eagle so I can get her name and post it on my Yelp review. Hopefully someone will get her some customer service training or etiquette classes." Came to this location for a quick run in and I regret it immensely.  Decided to get a Giant Eagle card since my item was on sale.  The clerk at Customer Service was so rude I took my ID back and walked away.  Her language was impossible to understand and when I didn't understand her second mumbling she yelled her question at me.  This happened twice.  They won't ever see me here again. "I've been shopping at this GE for at least 15yrs.  It's convenient to work and home for me.  I think this location would be great for a makeover with all the urban redevelopment going on around it. I believe this store is corporate owned  causing the lines to move very slowly. The customers don't make the experience any better. I remember standing behind a woman in line who was arguing with the cashier for 10 minutes about being charged 2 cents over the price tag. Yes  and make what should be a five minute trip into a twenty minute ordeal. This is also the only giant eagle I've ever been to that doesn't sell beer. The liquor store around the corner employs equally rude individuals and has a very heavy police presence  this whole foods is actually one of the most successful ones. the location is strange  but I'd rather go to the farmer's market or drive a bit further out of the city to go somewhere real to buy my ""whole food"".  And at least I put my cart back." b) Pittsburgh's lack of urban planning... because it makes sooooo much sense to put an entering & exiting driveway 25 feet away from a three-way intersection on a two lane street. Beautiful." Of course I prefer Trader Joe's for their peanut butter(bec. it has no salt) and Ezekiel's bread. And I do end up buying their coffee  you name it... it's all good.  Bread is from a local.  Cakes are fresh  apparently.  Half the city was assembling salads during my last visit.  Vegan items are clearly marked as such I guess the benefit of Whole Foods  is that you can find a lot under one roof and don't have to spend a lot of time and gas going to different stores.  I'm not slamming Whole Foods at all  and the staff is friendly.  But I still try to avoid Whole Foods as much as possible simply because of the insane parking lot."  you'll avoid the headache and park on one of the many adjacent side streets." wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ Now it's just more expensive."  but so is the Market District's."  the Whole Foods in Las Vegas must be at least three times the size. Still Other notes: The tofu chicken is really good (part of the salad bar)! It's not always available though. Also The only thing I don't like is that parking is a bitch at times." The whole store gets crazy busy on and around holidays."  trader Joe's and Market district come to mind as a cheaper alternative. Parking at this particular store is a nightmare." Ha ha just looked over my review. It sounds bad but I have to give props for my vitamin selection craze!"  but its a start! I don't get here as often as I like since I'm in the South Hills. However meh.  go to market district where they keep it real.  real classy!!!"  a lot of the organic items can now be found at many Giant Eagles for much less expense." It is an oasis for someone like me." If you see a woman and child dressed like Rambo and Baby Rambo running through WF screaming and wielding gallons of milk - it's me trying to survive another trip to WHOLE PAYCHECK HELL!"  you can always park farther away and not have to deal with the mess. It's good for health! The produce is fresh and for regular grocery you have a wide variety of healthy choices. The cherry on top is that the staff is always friendly  but like - so what?  Park in the back and walk a few extra feet.  It's not a big deal."  it's not like I have another choice when it comes to the Whole Foods of PIttsburgh." My feelings can best be summed up with this....http:  www.youtube.com watch?v=2UFc1pr2yUU"  i am shopping @ wholefoods NOT walgreens. translation: whole foods developers were TOO CHEAP to buy the proper amount of real estate. dont even bother coming here fri-sun unless you like a clusterF*** lot full of zombies. this is the 5th WF i have shopped @ (4 in florida) wholefoods should have opened in the south hills. the demographics out there would support it. this wholefoods is BUSH LEAGUE!" wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  this is a good place to try something different. I admit it's hard not to get something extra  and almost as overcrowded as its parking lot.  Two-thirds of the time they are out of what I came for.  I'm sorry I love Whole Foods.  It's the reason we chose to move to ShadySide."  and if you call ahead they will set aside awesome moving boxes for you."  thank you! I prefer employees with edges that are a little rough to ones with pants so tight  the amount of fresh prepared foods that can be gathered is awesome.  They have specials for the day that will help you buy some of the fresh and prepared foods they provide.  I cannot wait to come by again when I know I am going straight home after so I can buy some refrigerated items!"  or just go to Trader Joe's Giant Eagle for a better parking shopping experience."  this place is always packed.  Be prepared to be bumping into people and feel a little claustrophobic.  The parking lot can be quite tricky as well  but I think we must have just gotten a lot of food because $7.99 lb is fair. Plus it is hard to get lunch for any less than that these days without eating fast food."  and the only reason you don't shop there is because people will feed you into thinking you'll spend your ""whole paycheck"" there.  What crap.  Write a list  and their cut fruit section was like I had died and gone to heaven.  But that's about the only two sections I probably would have been willing to open up my wallet." Now with two new bee hives along the rail line as of July 2012 managed by burgh bees of Pittsburgh  this Whole Foods is pretty good."  no attitudes. Even the other shoppers are kind. It's always nice. Thanks to everyone for making Whole Foods a nice shopping experience." It's off my list now. Forever."  I would give it 5 stars. The layout is good and staff is always helpful."  we will continue to come here to stock our home when we plan to entertain at home."  like vegans (me) and gluten free adherents. The house baked bread here might be worse than GE (tough contest) - often under baked and thus soggy in middle and crusts tend to fall off; making gluten free-dom seem appealing. And I don't even need to talk about customer demographics Anyway we'll keep going at least for meats and produce." My favorite part of the store is there hot foods and salad bar. They make all their dishes in the store and sell them for $8.49lb. The hot dishes are amazingly good. The last time i went i had green beans with red peppers  the prepared foods are plentiful and tasty. I like the baked goods also. Another nice feature is you can eat right there I would avoid going here in the afternoon on weekends though...too crowded." wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  the sandwich was delicious! The coleslaw was also awesome! Yay! I am so happy I stopped by when I did." Their meats and seafoods departments are also excellent. They have a great variety and are always helpful in answering any questions that I've had (although we still opt for our meats from DJ's). Of course  as well as local offerings such as La Prima. Try the La Prima Peruvian blend or the Allegro Malawi blend. Amazing."  I buy specialty items but wouldn't purchase all my groceries from here. I can't yet afford that luxury!" Check out can be a hassle if it's really busy but the cashiers are nice and check out pretty quickly. A recent development at this store is the person waiting outside to help you to your car. I don't need help so it's a little weird but I'm sure people with kids love it."  I was happy to head back out and fight the congestion in the parking lot." wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  so make sure you request that.  I love the produce and the prepared foods.  I just wish they would give us a break on the prices."  they've even begun to carry Brad's Raw Pizza Kale Chips for dogs. So my dog is satisfied  I only stop in here on very special occasions when I 1. can withstand the rage I feel when I pull into this parking lot; and 2. I want to either eat at the buffet or buy a very specific item. I would definitely recommend that others stop in sometime to get some food at the buffet. The quality of everything is pretty incredible (though of course it's typically really expensive)." P.S. Their selection of natural body and haircare is great and affordable. If you have sensitive skin or don't want your products tested on animals  the Pittsburgh store does live up to my expectations established from the DMV stores. You will rarely find a bad apple (no pun intended) On a more positive note. The employees. They have always been so great to me. Always greet me with a smile  the time I spent in the dessert was a wet oasis compared to the chicken. I just feel that for the price I paid it was not worth it. I have been to a smaller whole foods with a better hot bar and to the one in New York City and remember it being great. I only give this one 3 stars because the Mac n cheese and vegan tofu loaf was rather good. But I must repeat myself about the price. For what I got it's way to much. It's hard to justify paying that much when I could make it for 1 5th the price at home. Now I know I don't have to cook or clean and that's the point of eating out but I could also go to trader joes get a few frozen meals and eat for over a day for the price of one hot bar meal from whole foods." It's almost always crazy busy in here.  I believe I'd come more often if the shopping experience was calmer.  But because of the insanity of the parking lot and the hectic shopping (people everywhere bumping into each other)  that takes place inside  the chicken fiesta soup is nooooot good. Bland with a capital B! In general the soups are hit or miss Whole Foods seems more expensive than Aldi but less expensive than Giant Eagle."  you can pick up some of their sides from their deli section. I haven't had a bad experience with their food and you can always give everything a taste before having the clerk put it in a container.  This is certainly the place to get specialty items like hemp seeds  unless you go down to the Strip. But hands down my favorite thing about going here are the employees. If you read anything about the corporate structure or culture of Whole Foods you'll understand why everyone seems so happy to be working. I have never had a request met with anything less than a smile Great place to eat and shop. Never a dull moment. This place change the face of east Liberty for the better. I was still shop here for all my needs. Love you WFM!! wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  but overall it's a great store and you just have to know that not everything is organic (always read your labels) and that the parking lot will always be a nightmare.  Overall this is a great Whole Foods just avoid shopping here just before any major holiday because it's always madness!"  I've purchased flowers twice and each time they were dead by day three.  Both times I allowed the molten flowers to remain on the counter an extra day to serve as a reminder why I'm not WF material." I found a bone in a package of in-store made turkey burgers (the tequila lime ones if it matters). Not cool.  and a nice area of prepared food if you want to take something to go or eat there. It's a clean store and the employees are nice. I find it's easy to navigate. It's definitely a good place if you're trying to find items for a recipe you don't usually make (like me...boursin garlic herb cheese? I found it here). It's vegan and vegetarian friendly..both of which I am not  always so congested and busy and filled with entitled customers. I was checked into a magazine rack once when a guy tried to beat me to a check-out lane. Some of the fresh stuff is nice Lines at the registers can be long but seem to move fast. People complain so much about how crazy busy this place is "I found out the caterpillar in the romaine bag. Eww it climbed up on my arm. Goosebumps :( BUT at least it can be the proof of ""organic"" besides the bug was green!!!! So healthy !"  I am really disappointed with this location. The deli (pre-made salad bar hot bar) selection is limited and the food is subpar. The parking lot is teeny tiny. If I had a choice  and the aisles are wide enough.  This Whole Foods is a big step up from the gross Market District down the street  and it was awesome!  I went back to thank and compliment the chef. He seemed grateful. Then I got a few groceries I needed and left. Thanks to cool chef  customer service was awesome and they refunded my frozen turkey. I amend to 3*... thanks customer service!"  seated tables at the front...and no room to actually shop.  Either someone's in your way or you're in their way.  The parking lot  this is a real live and learn never again Prices tend to be high and store can be very crowded.  This is a store specializing in higher quality foods and serves a niche." "This location has the nicest staff I have ever experienced when dealing with a Whole Foods. When a product was out they made suggestions and then explained what were key differences and key similarities from the one they were suggesting to the one I usually get. When my iPhone died they were nice enough to find a charger to fit my phone and when they couldn't find one "I stopped here for some quick supplies after arriving to Pittsburgh from out of state.  I was able to quickly find what I needed and leave in a timely manner which is what I was looking for.  On my way out I was talking to a very friendly cashier and bagger as I was looking for something to eat while I was in town.  They were quick to recommend a place down the road.  Thank you for being so friendly and helpful to this ""Out of towner."""  but because they are incredibly low. Probably the nickname was created by people that had formerly just shopped at affordable-o supermarkets. I enjoy the well-stocked salad bar and dining area Looking forward to the Grand Opening at South Hills!!  Scheduled opening towards end of 2016." Benefit of Sunday shopping? Free OSP closer than parking garage. Lots of people  Whole Foods is an investment in your own body and health!"  in addition to your standard one-of-everything-else lining the shelves. Its proximity to Frick Park makes it an excellent place to stop for sandwiches and provisions for a picnic. There are also a couple of tables and chairs lining the sidewalk outside in case you want to stick around. If you get really into the market  located on a side street.  I haven't been up this way in awhile (I was also nosing around on Google Maps Street View yesterday  is when the kids get off school & come into the store for candy & soda. You can tell that the business is connected to the neighborhood and that everyone gets along. Pittsburgh treasure!"  it's a great place to stock up on snacks if you're going hiking in nearby Frick Park.  And as Joseph said anything you need you can find it at the market :)  we never asked the kind lady her name but if by chance she see's this post I'd like to thank her again because she made Marc's day. Oh and yes the sandwiches are awesome.... If and when we go back to Pittsburgh I know where I'm going for lunch!" "Frick Park Market's extensive selection of Boar's Head meats and cheeses  just let them know Wednesday and then pick it up Thursday before close.  In the warm months they fire up the grill and you can get barbeque chicken or ribs for lunch. If you're new to Point Breeze  and would always get my weekly bag of coffee and milk. The owners are friendly and helpful."  especially when run by people who live in the neighborhood.  I plan to be supporting them as much as I can.  They even offered to help me discover my new neighborhood.  Great people.  Great business.  :)"  and as a Browns fan I...I just can't do it.  I'm sorry.  The sandwiches were good and prepared with genuine care and attention to detail  and it had a twist off cap. Those things suck to open with bare hands. The lady behind the counter gave me a napkin to twist it off with before I'd even asked. So sweet! Thoughtfulness like that goes a long way with me." "We recently stayed at a small place a few doors away from this market and came in for coffee every morning.  The owners are very nice. They have great coffee & biscotti.  Good selection of cold cuts and pastries.  Everyday the was a different  we were looking for a pizza bar place but the owners told us it was about 10 blocks away.  They showed us their menu and we were more than pleased with the wonderful choices. Everything is freshly prepared.  They even feature a monthly dinner menu geared for cook's night off.  The selections look fantastic.  I cant wait to make a return visit.  This is the perfect spot to pick up something for the First Friday concerts held at the Frick.  Cash only but they do have an ATM inside the market." "This gem is one of the best delis around. They carry boars head meat which is great. They have tons of snacks  they had a note saying they no longer accept credit or debit card.  I almost never carry cash (it's 2016..) so I won't be able to shop there often."  but I cannot say how much I recommend you take your dollars elsewhere.  They buy everything from CostCo and mark it up.  They make Whole Foods look like bargain basement.  You would think for the extra price you would get convenience and quality.  No.  I asked why they have so few products that someone would want in a local store.  I was told roughly that ""this is a deli I'm done shopping at this store." "This Giant Eagle maybe the worst supermarket I've ever been to. There are thugs hanging out by the entrance and in the parking lot. The interior is dark and dank and has an outdated ""made in the 70s"" feel. With options like this I don't have a problem taking the extra time to drive to Trader Joe's."  people selling who-knows-what out of their car trunk. Also this is the only Giant Eagle tht gives you a really hard time if you ever forget your advantage card and give your phone no instead (it works at the other ones just fine). Then we leave by waiting for a really dazed swaying woman to finish wandering around back and forth in front of us With this being the closet G E to Downtown and PNC Park and Heinz field I would think they would renovate but it's been years and still no change."  I was told they were ""still getting ready to open"" and I should come back ""around 7:30""" The store has a weird rotting meat smell sometimes. The selection isn't amazing but there are a few interesting items here. As other people commented there are always people hanging around outside.... But they are friendly at least to me! One thing I like about the store is the proximity to my house. The biggest let down is the sky high prices that I think GE is notorious for... I miss Kroger  and I go for specific items on sale so it's not bad. But overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason! which is probably the reason it gets on my nerve the most! over the years I've frequented many pricy groceries: Andronico's (CA) "So I got a call from Giant Eagle asking me to give my opinion of this store. My recommendation was to burn this place to the ground. Buckle up for crappy produce "The only reason to shop here is that going anywhere else is out of your way. The prices our worse than other GE stores and I wonder why. The produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good . The store never looks very clean. I was hopeful a couple of years ago when the store was refurbished and it was nicer for a while but now it's back to it's old ways. I have friends that refuse to go there because of the scary parking lot where people sell ""things"" out of their cars and at the driveway exit. If there is outside cameras  stinking hellhole full of rotten food and sneering employees that these other reviews portray it to be.  In dozens of trips here It wasn't as horrid as the reviews would lead you to think. Just don't expect a gleaming suburban-style mega-mart and you will be fine.  but this is definitely far from the best Eagle in the city. I'll say upfront that I never felt unsafe the three times that I have been here. However  so it's not as easy to ""just go somewhere else"" sometimes when you get off work  and overall I felt very unsafe. The store itself seemed really outdated and stinky. I don't know if the stink was emanating off the customers or the food. Can't something be done about this? Like Why all the hate for this Giant Eagle? Sure it's not in the ritzy part of town but they have everything all the other Giant Eagles have. I've never gone here and not found what I needed. Don't be scared of people just because they are different than you. This Giant Eagle gets the job done and is fine by me! BTW the charmingly ghetto picture is hilarious and we'll fitting! Bravo!  if you CAN shop somewhere else Oh and their check cashing system is hit or miss. Its different from other GE's so they use their own system. The last two times we were here Went to this store today and it was worse than usual . Jitneys were all parked up in the handicapped parking spaces because it was raining. The one guy was walking back to his car next to me and as he pulled his keys out of his pocket a baggie corner filled with some brown stuff fell out right in front of me. I had seen him pocket something from a man that sits at the driveway exit. He did pick it up really fast. Then I saw a young man in a tie from the store go over to the guy that was selling this stuff and they shook hands and were laughing and yacking with each other  This is in the middle of the day. I'm too scared to shop there after dark.  I just wish the store was cleaner and better managed.  I've stopped in several times when the store is closed  food on the shelves may or may not be expired and the cashiers are downright miserable.  I won't even get into all the shenanigans going on the parking lot. I just left here where they closed a lane I was already in line for so someone could take a smoke break  I do enjoy the store as a whole and the fact that I can find what I am looking for.  I will definitely be returning; I just have to make certain to be careful of the parking situation since this particular store's parking lot layout is prone to jamming.  In this case  a lot of old fashioned style baked goods too. Like Mountain Pies  all of the employees seem really nice and are eager to please and talk to you "you can't beat a fairly centrally-located grocery store that is open 24-7 BUTTT the smell in there is ughhh.  Years and years of spilled food   blood from the meat department and etc.    You get the picture .    The high-point is perhaps the hot foods that you can get over in the deli.-area.  Some really good ""soul-food"" .  Fried chicken The main point.. it's WAY cheaper than Giant Eagle! Neighbors rejoice!"  and your options well varied and impressive. But can you blame a girl for hating a poorly constructed parking lot? (Don't worry. You're still great. I'm sure I'll see you again!)"  Kuhn's is convenient.  I can find the majority of what I need and the employees I have come across have been friendly and helpful.  Their prices are average to high  I came home to find that the breasts had never been cut into breasts. There were several large pieces with a ton of trimming to be done. Drive the extra distance to Giant Eagle if you need anything from the meat department."  prepared food and deli items are better for you than fast food with better ingredients at a better value! When I'm in the the are "Really nice place.  We shop here all the time. great service "Kuhn's is a great little market. Priced fairly and if they don't carry an item that you just have to have  I haven't been to Kuhn's in months and forgot how much I prefer it over the other grocery stores in the area.  Once you get past the craziness in the parking lot it's not so bad.  It's smaller than the other grocery stores around but still have ample choices of all your produce meat dairy deli needs fo sho.  Their prices are less expensive than GE too!  If only they had fuel perks...  The service is always fast and friendly.  I'll be doing the rest of my thanksgiving shopping here.  They have some good deals going on right now.  .99lb Honeysuckle turkeys no min purchase!  and PRODUCE.  Forget those Fuel Perks--You pay double for everything just for Fuel Perks"  when most people are just getting home from work. The baked goods are another plus. The cakes here actually taste like cake from a bakery. Not many grocery stores can make such a claim. Checking out at Kuhn's is also a breeze. They actually have plenty of staff on registers  and you can do your grocery shopping in peace."  but every once in a while my kid really needs to go and I don't want to deal with an accident." I'd say that this place is worth it for your run-of-the-mill staples and nothing else." iTmWHtltCtk0Gm55AOxrUA  but it is good to have a market within walking distance to us. There's not much more I can say about it." "Sadly really went downhill. They switched to a new vendor  I liked their pulled pork and chorizo ones best. The ground beef tacos are gummy and gristly and unseasoned and the steak and onions ones aren't bad. They double up each taco with corn tortillas." Go to here! You will love it (unless you only buy frozen stuff "This location is somewhere between the size of the Squirrel Hill location (tiny) and the Waterfront location (huge). It has all the basics  they are the norm for the Pittsburgh area.  Variety This store is so gross that I was almost sick! Onions peeled and half-rotten. Squishy garlic. Dirt everywhere. I will NEVER step foot in this place again.  they have applied for a liqueur license to be able to sell six packs with their addiction of a cafe...smart move Giant Eagle.  Not very many places in the Swissvale Edgwood area to go pick up a quick brew."  a cafe and if you live in pittsburgh you know what that means! 6 Packs of Beer at a reasonable price. Even though they have a limit to how much beer you can buy per visit it's still the best way to buy 6packs in Pittsburgh. It will cost you a extra buck or two but it's still better than most bottle shops I have ever been to."  but pricing just makes no sense at all to me. It is close to my house so I'll drop in to buy a thing or two 3) Cheaper than a whole foods wawa" Security guard confronted me at the door at 10:50 pm like I was scum and an idiot for shopping near the end of his shift closing time. He wanted to know what I was going to get. I told him some stuff. He told me I had about 3 minutes to get it. I informed him I had about 10 minutes. He told me I would be out of the store by 11. He proceeded to follow me through the store. I sought out the manager who seemed to think this was great customer service. I left my intended purchases and walked out without buying. I haven't been back since. I am a professional. I had taken off my tie and my sleeves were rolled up a 1 4.   Made an online complaint. No reply. Checkers are usually friendly here The prices are higher than most other competitors but it's the closest store to us so it's easy to get to." Just terrible. Just go elsewhere. Not even remotely convenient." Small store but the customer service is fantastic . I deal with the manager and the ladies in customer service area on a weekly basis and all have gone out of there way to help me out .  and the lady who liked Darren's Dethlehem shirt which is actually mine. :)" "You don't appreciate Giant Eagle until you shop at a store like Bottom Dollar. They don't give rain checks on advertised items that are out of stock. And they don't give you the item free when the cashier rings up the wrong price. They won't match sale prices at Giant Eagle even though their ads says that they'll beat other stores' prices by a penny. They don't even give you bags. The quality of the food at Giant Eagle is far better than other stores. Also  and they put the DIY olive cart in front to make it more cluttered. Just a poorly laid out store which is showing it's age." "Store is too small and always crowded. Managers and workers are rude and condescending. Actually just had an awful experience with a manager named Chris. His attitude toward me made me feel putoff. It made me want to leave the store after. I have witnessed him being rude and condescending to other customers too. I just don't feel as though this store has hired workers with good customer service skills Holy canoli. This is the strangest giant eagle I've ever seen. The layout is totally weird.. Aisles are like diagonal and there's a freezer section right as you walk in? Check out is hidden around the corner from the entrance.. Only thing worse is the parking lot which is an accident waiting to happen.  filling falafel wraps or gyros for super cheap."  middle eastern decorations on the wall and a cozy somewhat seperate room which had for some reason multiple stuffed animals next to the table.  There also was a sheet hanging blocking something from view and if I'm to believe Len it was a camel :-).  Annie and I have a seat with Len who is sitting with the patriarch of this family ""Fayed"" I believe his name is.  Fayed has to leave to tend to the store and multiple operations occurring.  One of the sons is selling ""shish kabob"" on the sidewalk.  This is also a grocery store with sidewalk sales and of course the small cafe in the back.  I love the entrepreneurial spirit of first generation immigrants.  Len orders me up some coffee.  It was a very strong version of coffee served in a tiny mug.  I'm guessing their version of espresso.  Len takes care of ordering  or a good gyro in the middle of a shopping day "Amazing falafel & baba ghanoush wrap for $5. The first one he gave me didn't have falafel but he quickly fixed me by giving me another one on the house. Falafel was obviously fresh and flavorful. Baba ghanoush was some of the best that I've had - smokey Don't have time to sit down at eat?  The food sold in the front of the store is just as tasty.  You can even buy specialties like Sleek to go.  Oh  and efficient. The prices were very reasonable.I will definitely return. I heard there's a second location nearby now If you have never been to the Penn Avenue district of Pittsburgh The hummus was good quality. I would like to try the red pepper flavor. I'd come back if I was in the strip. The sliced almonds I bought at Salem's in North Oakland had bugs in them; The ones I bought here did not. Another plus." Only thing I bought in the store was a small container of sliced almonds for $2. Seems like a great place to buy ingredients for Mediterranean dishes though."  but it carries specialties that are difficult to find in Pittsburgh. I was particularly excited to find middle eastern chili sauce and chocolate covered Turkish delights." He was extremely friendly and nice - I have already recommended this store to others going to Pittsburgh Best hummus and baba ganouj in town!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  They have a little restaurant in the back  so I have eaten my fair share of middle eastern cuisine. The only feedback I have is that the store looks a bit dirty. I think that could be a turnoff to some.... I think they could do a few things to freshen the place up and make it known they serve food Everything they make here is fantastic. Worth knowing: His grandmother makes the baklava from scratch and always FRESH." Always go here for traditional Middle Eastern staples at decent prices. The employees are colorful and fun. This place is completely indispensable if you're at all interested in cooking even remotely-authentic-tasting Mexican dishes and you live in Pittsburgh."  but lots of S. Central American and Caribbean).  I'm spoiled from all the Hispanic grocery stores in Atlanta "Their tacos are alright but their groceries are kind of expensive. I've never seen a can of Goya brand beans priced at $1.50. I mean it seems like a little thing  but they're excellent.  They even have lengua (tongue - tasty).  I haven't seen that since Buford Highway in Atlanta.  Probably not the best if you're from San Antonio or San Diego  pork and beef tacos as well as burritos ($5 as well) Best tortillas in Pittsburgh - made in the store! Also a decent taco stand outside. Excellent tacos at the street stand. It's a toss-up between chorizo and chicken tacos being the best. Get them with everything on it. 2 for 5. Banging tacos!  I really like the serve yourself taco sauces. Almost Every time I'm in the strip district.  but the masa blows. It is dry and gritty. The preparation instructions seem questionable (microwave in a plastic bag? Really?). I'm saving the remaining ones for when I'm too drunk to care about anything. The tortillas are still worth it."  compared to the other place in pittsburgh i've tried for tacos (Mexico City) I will always return here for Latin American ingredients - partially because Reyna is great I think I want to try empanadas next time if I can tear myself away from the tacos."  and lime juice) and the cilantro and the salsa and the cheese and ahhhhh;lsiuoietkhdfkljhdlkfhlk. I am starving just thinking about it. Go. You won't regret it."  this seems like the place. I really would love to try the tacos from the cart out front That chinese food truck across the street though.... it's good Do me a favor and stop by this stand while you're out shopping in the strip I would definitely go back here  or scorpion! Haha. Pinatas adorn the ceilings and you can watch them make the tortillas from scratch. It's such a festive atmosphere that makes me miss my familia south of the border!" Next time I'm in town this is a must stop!" Just moved out to Pittsburgh from San Diego and I was so shocked to find they serve Carne Asada here. This shop is a life saver when I want to have some authentic mexican food. As for the store itself? I don't really have enough experience with it to say much.  But try the taco cart ASAP!" "" and my bf quickly jumped at the opportunity to not have to wait in line for over an hour. Boy oh boy were we happy we changed our plans. We each had one carnitas (pork) taco and one chicken taco. They were succulent and amazing. I loved how the tacos had more toppings than the usual street tacos--cheese tasty and refreshing." Would I order it again?: The chicken yes. I think I'd opt to try something different before I got the steak again"  went to Reyna today to check out the fabled tacos.  The were all that was promised and more.  Everything was super fresh I haven't tried the taco stand yet but the coup de grace of the grocers itself though is the fresh tortillas  best tacos in Pittsburgh! Tacos lenguas is always my choice. They have a very plush selection of Mexican groceries too. Oh and I'm a sucker for flash  and don't fall apart as the taco juices seep in. In other words exactly what you need for a good street taco.  The best part is the taco barrista squeezes fresh lime juice on top of the taco as a finishing touch. It really puts it over the top." "I haven't been inside the store itself...but the taco stand. Holy shpimoly. My friend and I were wandering around the Strip District and after just eating a huge meal at Vietnam's Pho YUM!! I had one solitary fish taco as I was running low on cash. But it was worth it. Put on some of their hottest hot sauce (which hit the spot)  along with any kind of sauce you can imagine? If you suddenly need plantains for a questionable contribution to a fireside potluck  and they are willing to help in any way they can. And they take pride in the products. That's the most important thing." Best. The taco stand.  Seriously buVALudg30kgkDusqB3yJw The store itself is filled with all kinds of foods that make Mexican cooking in the comfort of your kitchen easy."  they are quite good.  I'll be going back again and again!"  I was disappointed with the tacos. The Carne Asada was bland and didn't think this is authentic Mexican food but another street faire." Come to Reyna's. The tacos are amazing. Do I really need to say any more?" the taco stand primarily. Top authentic taco contender in the burgh." Renya Foods is fabulous and if you are a lover of Mexican food Try the fish or shrimp tacos. They were amazing! Don't bother having the one with chicken. I thought that was quite bland!  but not an option because it is owned by Americans and they are taking the big profits while the Mexican people doing all the work are probably getting minimum wage or less." I had 2 pork soft tacos with everything on them for $5.00.  That's a cheap meal and tasted exquisite!  What made then extra scrumptuous was the cilantro.  Oh This place by name is the Mexican Grocery but the Taco shack right out front is what I am writing about.  I tried both their tongue and pork tacos and they were both solid (I've had my fair share of tacos in Texas and Oklahoma).  The thing that really makes this place though is their fresh watermelon juice!  beef or chicken tacos. $3 a taco for chorizo or fish. They've also always got a special of the day... but all these little taco delights are special. Special and effing delicious. These are the freshest tacos I've ever placed inside my mouth. My tastebuds were singing in delight- or maybe that was just me." I love the food inside too! Great groceries!" Reyna Foods is a quintessential Mexican grocery.  Hie thee hence for all your Mexican grocery needs." If you find yourself shopping with limited time in the strip district you should try the taco stand out front.  Of all the quick options down there this is the best one for a quick meal and the green sauce is incredible on everything (especially the tongue tacos)" "Best tacos outside of Texas. The pre-made guacamole is to die for. The tub marked X-Hot "I think 'Burghers are only gooping their pants over Reyna's tacos because they've never had anything other than Taco Bell or its cousin Mad Mex. I'm from the southwestern part of the country and while I certainly appreciate the freshness and ""clarity"" of the food served outside Reyna's UPDATE (Dec. 2013): Reyna food has replaced Edgar's tacos stand and Edgar's tacos has been moved around the corner Do yourself a favor and eat your way through Pittsburgh's Strip and get one or eight tacos from the friendly folks at Reyna." "Do yourself a favor and go get some tacos from the day time taco stand at this place!! Best tacos I have had in Pittsburgh!! A great quick bite to have when you're shopping Sat Sun morning or afternoon in the Strip District! The grocery store is also great "Delicious tacos! I always get the fish one which is mixture of fish and rice. The corn tortillas are homemade and they have buckets of sauces on the side to choose from. The tacos are a little bit small and not very filling but it's fun trying out all the food stands down the Strip anyways. The tortillas can get very soggy though and hard to eat so I recommend getting a fork. But the tacos have great flavor I crave these tacos when the sun is shining!  and salsa in town. I bought the jumbo container of their taco seasoning so I can imitate at home." Right next to Thin Man Sandwich shop which is pretty reliable as well!"  and rice. They also carry cooking supplies such as molcajates (bowl used to make guacamole). I like that they usually have house made salsas and dips to try at the front of the store. The final kicker is the collection of piatas hanging from the ceiling." This is definitely the best place to find real deal tacos in Pittsburgh.  The staff was super friendly Been here twice... The second time I ordered the guacamole which they made fresh in front of u! We loved it and will order it again."  ask...they do their best to get it! And don't miss the taco stand outside or the restaurant downstairs. Whatever Reyna's does  all are stupendous. But those tortillas...to die for!  Then you have their tacos!  Heaven!"  we left early and were tense"  this is the place to go!  They always tend to carry unique vegetables needed for Mexican meals.  In addition they make their own homemade tortilla chips and salsas.  There is also a fun taco stand out front with great authentic corn tortilla tacos." I'll probably keep getting Reyna's big bag of chips when I need them for a party  so id like to think I know a thing or two about mexican food and I can honestly say this place is a homerun! Great salsa  albeit a small one. They sell corn and flour tortillas made on location that will change your life. They also make a variety of fresh salsas and dips. It also has a good selection of hot sauces and pre-packaged salsas. There is a small selection of produce to and other groceries you need but might not find at regular grocery stores. Overall a must-visit if you're making some Mexican." This is the only Mexican market that I'm aware of in Pittsburgh and they always have everything I need.  They have a huge selection of dried chiles.  The freshly made tortillas are awesome.  Whenever I stop in I usually always grab some empanadas from the deli case.  YUM!!  Highly recommend!!!  sombreros and other toys.  Good selection of mexican cheeses.  The homemade corn tortillas were piping hot still.  People were buying the tortilla chips in bulk.  Only downside was the people working there  both in person and on the phone. Little product knowledge. And absolutely no knowledge of how to roast green chiles This makes me sad to write this. Did they bite off more than  they can chew?"  and the art is always a great conversation starter. The chip and salsa sample lets you try the best of the salsas from Reyna's. I normally go for the Chile Rellenos "The chicken fajitas were enough for two and served in a pineapple.  My friend's margarita poured 3 glasses and looked tasty.  Think I would come back here again  the lamb special was amazing and I got it loaded. I also bought the small container of guacamole which was totally on point for me.  I loved it. They had a small salsa bar and i didn't need it. I just loved this simple  your tongue WILL burrow through your brain to get at it. Not closed either." Great authentic tacos and great prices."  another jar of pepper paste was one year expired and a bag of chilli sauce was expired since 2013. Completely unacceptable and disgusting to sell such expired food to your customers. Check the expiration dates on all purchase from here!!!" Hidden gem of a place. Authentic mexican food. One of the best fajitas in the area. Salsa was homemade but lacked robust flavor. Sold $3.00 cokes without refills. The fajitas came in half of a grilled pineapple. Who does that?! Genius! A little pricey. Lunch for 2 without alcohol was $40; out the door for $50 with tip because the service was awesome!  tomato and other goodies. Freshly made and worth the trip down. They are "The taco stand's lengua (tongue) tacos are freaking amazing. Great tortilla If you have never been you are missing out Only experienced the bar and was very satisfied with the friendly service! I will be back! Excellent margaritas too "In town for trade show. This Is a first class authentic Mexican restaurant!! On the scale of Rick Bayless's places in Chicago. Salsa's (tried 4); mole's  when we stopped by Cermak).  I recently stopped by for their street tacos though and was underwhelmed.  Likely because the ones at Las Palmas in Oakland are so good.  The portion size of the tacos was incredibly small for the price We will not be returning after this trip. We kept feeling like we should give Reynas resturant another chance  I've been to better. Can't complain too much since there isn't a large Korean population in Pittsburgh. Just be sure to look for best by dates  and I get it with both; one is some sort of Korean BBQ sauce & the other is just Sriracha.  Then it's wrapped in foil Be sure to check out the Asian market Sam Bok is connected to & pick up a jar of their homemade kimchee!" Korean   Asian grocery. Small but a little bit of everything.  a must try.  The chicken on a stick is also a go to for many less adventurous Strip walkers.  A huge portion of chicken slathered with a Korean-American sauce and grilled right there.  The food is so cheap and good you'd think you were somewhere in Korea."  and super-expensive.  (read my review of grilled-cheese sandwhiches for $8)" $3 chicken on a stick. It's juicy and delicious. Get it. I suggest giving Sam Bok a shot  but highly recommend the hot food if you're in the strip area and craving a quick "$3 chicken on a stick. The best value I know of in Pittsburgh and one of the tastiest things I can think of eating. Love that stuff and get it every time I'm in Pitt early enough to make it to the Strip District. They have a little table outside you can sit and eat at as well. The grocery store is alright  she purchased a pack of mango mochi ice cream and found that it had freezer burn and smelled a bit off as well. The store manager owner kindly refunded the purchase  cabbage and other shredded veggies and the wrapper was still crisp despite being under a food lamp. For only $3 it was a great on-the-go snack."  Lotus. I usually grab certain essentials at Lotus and get my Korean-specific items here. You should be able to find what you need." The highlight of the visit: chicken on a stick. I was weary of the simple name until I took a bite into the luscious  but  there's some products a general shop would have as well...don't come here..if your looking for specific products...stuff is over priced...and this place is really limited when it comes to produces...kinda disappointing..." Bonus: The couple who were running the store today (I'm assuming the owners?) were super friendly and kind."  cheap street food :D Reminds me of being in Asia. I mean this is only one food stand... but their chicken skewers and mung bean pancakes (spicy) were off the chain. Or maybe I was extremely hungry that day. I shared the one skewer and pancake with the bf  most thorough Chinese supermarket you'll find in Pittsburgh. They have most of your Chinese grocery needs at pretty decent prices. They even have the staple unfriendly cashiers. Some "The best place in the strip to get asian ingredients.  I love running in there to pick up some young jack fruit in a can.  They have awesome products and honestly  person working there wasn't that helpful or friendly" "The only Chinese supermarket in Pittsburgh. Thank goodness it's well stocked. Unfortunately it's a 30 minute bus ride from school and hauling the goods back is not easy. I feel most at home here  with either bento boxes or made to order sushi depending on when you visit the store. I am unsure of the hours the bar is open. I also like how Lotus Food Co orders some Chinese pastries from Chinese bakeries in New York and other places. I bought a box of chiffon sponge cake and ate one everyday for breakfast for like a week or so. The also have other things like cookies and Chinese swiss rolls. During New Year There's a big variety of noodles and frozen dumplings offerings and all manner of products that confuse the hillel out of me since I'm not East Asian. But hey The other thing that's super-groovy about this place is that you'll never feel like you spent too much on your groceries.  Everything is so cheap!  And they take cards My go to place for Asian product needs.  Not to mention the fact that their produce is among the freshest in The Strip!  Lotus is one of my regular shopping haunts.  I would be lost without them!!!  but don't expect too much help from the staff.  Most things are not labeled in English "I'm very glad to have Lotus Food in the strip if I am in the mood to cook something ethnic. Items are cheaper than say a mainstream grocery store (see Maher's comment on the tofu as an example; and I got a whole container of garlic for two bucks). What they lack is an array of fresh produce and meat though I could stroll over to Wholey if the timing is right. Lotus Food is good but I feel like they could do so much better. Great selection of spices and seasonings  though the past few times I've gone their produce has been wilted and shriveled. Mostly all of the products have chinese only packaging so if you don't know what it is "Green-leaf vegetables & rice are much cheaper here. You can find almost every common food flavour selling in China  I would give Lotus 10 stars if I could!  There is no better grocery store (asian or otherwise) in Pittsburgh.  They have an all encompassing selection cute check out girls ." Fresh tofu towards the back is a must if you see them! Good selection of veggies and snacks. The workers could be more friendly and the environment could improve but this is the best place for Asian goods if you live in Pittsburgh. Come during the weekday or later in the day during weekends otherwise parking is almost impossible. Best Asian grocery in Pittsburgh. Went shopping for ingredients for a Korean dish I was making and they had everything. Food is fresh also! Unfortunately it's hard to find some products. Most packaging are in Asian writing and I don't understand it." Overall I'd say that I need to go for another lotus run"  not scanning anything which confused me. Behind me comes another customer who apologies and tells me he forgot some items. I told him that I was sorry too as I was not aware that he was still being checked out and he replies ""You wouldn't have known"" with a smile. And even through my transaction I continued to receive a glazed over look." I would not feel that I am being expectorated upon by the workers."  but I'm not too sure about what sort of freezer goods they sell. They also have produce which is on par with the other vendors in the strip. Lastly I go to Lotus foods for the fresh chow mein noodles and the selection of Japanese pop.  the prices will never compare to my hometown. But I figure that a $500 plane flight is not very cost-effective." I found decent prices here and I did feel a little out of my element I couldn't understand the names on their packaging. I bought some bamboo spoons for 35 cents each. I love wooden spoons for my tea.  but being that Pittsburgh lacks a lot of good Asian restaurants and groceries in general  so spare yourself asking any questions.  I am pretty sure that they understand English (I mean really ???  How long has this store been in the Strip ??) however; they kind of choose not to communicate with patrons.  That aside Lotus is one of only 4 stores I always have to shop when I visit the strip." This is a great Asian food store and they have a lot of fresh vegatables. I will be careful when shopping at this store.  I will try to pay with one dollar bills in the future and will announce how much money I am handing to the cashier. There is a bitter taste in my mouth about Lotus Grocery.  Of all places for this to happen  due to everything being written in Chinese primarily. But I'm not one of those annoying white people that insists that everything should be in English just because we're in America. I kind of enjoy the mystery of wondering what everything is. Next time though  English is not their first language; don't be surprised. I don't consider these detriments because this store perfectly suits my needs. It is definitely not an introductory course in Asian cuisine One last note: $5 minimum on the card If I can give haft a star I would. Never shop at this Asian grocery since Many more open. Owner and employee alike no manners and nasty. Sorry guys it's the truth. If you're not an avid cook - you might want to try some of the wide varieties of Ramen and packaged food this place has to offer."  but the prices and the foods you find here you won't be able to find anywhere else. Has the best sweet chili sauce. Beware though  good prices. Occasionally have picked up spoiled products "Lotus has a great selection of Asian foods (most of which I have no idea what to do with).  They have absurdly cheap and very tasty fresh tofu that comes cut in bricks and is self-serve.  They also have a wide variety of instant noodles  and thai basil elsewhere can be very costly. And don't even get me started on rice. We buy the big 10 lb. bulk bags of Jasmine for not much more than a small bag would cost you elsewhere. I'm so glad that Pittsburgh has the diversity we crave!" If you have never been- check it out Fresh vegetables at AMAZING prices and tons of different potstickers (dumplings) in the frozen section.  It can get crowded at certain times on the weekend but I have never had an issue with rudeness." I strongly not recommend this store at all for their rudeness. The middle aged woman and the other man seem like manager are extremely mean without any manner. I recommend other Asian markets. this place has become a very popular Asian Supermarket since they are located on the strip.... I'd say it's bigger and cleaner looking compared to the other Asian stores around Pittsburgh...  While you're there...check their produce out...fresh but overpriced!" lVB0HB2PxC9OTtMcz0wagA  and if you are a student you get a discount! Just make sure you flash your ID when you check out." The store itself is dingy and depressing in decor and cleanliness. The staff and owners are nice enough and will help you find things if you ask  the cashier touched the cake inside then put it in my checkout bag. So Gross! Staff definitely are really rude. Try not to come here unless it's for emergency." I was highly impressed with their prices and selection. To anyone traveling near there its a must stop.... We'll be coming back to do more shopping." They have sweets and they have housewares like certain cups and dishes  because sometimes they are expired. Price is just acceptable. Maybe due to it is famous and popular  good vegetables and fish. And labeled pretty well if you're an English speaker."  this place is a one-stop shop for your Asian groceries. Prices are reasonable and selection is varied." The buns I was talking about at the beggining of this reveiw are the various breads and desserts that they keep over to the far right of the store.  I just bought the sesame balls with red bean paste in the middle.  You just heat them up at bit and they taste like they are from a Chinese restaraunt  which makes me feeling horrible for spending one penny here! If you hate people then close the store!"  Asian grocery store experience.  No reason not to stop by if you're in the area."  good luck dodging pedestrians and fighting for street parking during busy hours in the strip. Pure madness. The employees are all foreign so their English is not fantastic. If you have a question I do wish there was somewhere to park. It is seriously insane to find a spot because every Pittsburgher hangs around the Strip on the weekends." Good all around selection of Asian groceries With a Vietnamese emphasis. "The people who own and or work here are racist and discriminates against other races. If you aren't Vietnamese then don't expect any customer service or just plain courtesy. There aren't any price tags on most of their products so prices vary depending on how much they want to charge you as an individual. Be really careful if you don't speak Vietnamese because they really will hike the prices up and say bad things about you in Vietnamese all because your asking what their prices are. How are we as the customers to know what their prices are when nothing is posted or labeled? There is no refund policy the only time you will get a refund is if you are Vietnamese. Also watch out if they do let you return their products and you paid by visa or credit card  and other goods make up for that aspect. There's even a small refrigerated section that offers their homemade Vietnamese desserts that you can't really find elsewhere." If you're in the Strip and looking for a tasty bite on the go  so you will freeze in here if you aren't warmly dressed.  The other is that you have to be very careful in your assessment of what you are about to buy.  That $1 head of cauliflower **update: I downgraded from 4 stars because I've noticed a fairly high percentage of soft veggies and fruit on several trips there.  I couldn't buy any of their onions on my last two visits because they were all 'past due.'  I guess it's something you have to deal with at these prices One complaint:  Much of the wares were displayed in pre-packaged styrafoam trays covered with plastic.  Not only is this wasteful (I hate extraneous packaging) it removes the freedom of choice from the buyer's hands.  I may only want ONE of an item This summer I really noticed the items they put out on the street had mold right on it and very noticeable. One item in particular was their strawberries. I would think if your whole operation is selling produce you would take more pride in it. I tend to hit the farmer's market or Right By Nature. Yeah it's extra but I'd rather get better Oh- the green bell peppers are amazing.  I got some a couple of weeks ago and have not been including them in everything I cook.  Maybe a good batch "Stan's has great prices OUTSIDE mostly because they things they have prepacked are spoiled and moldy or will be tomorrow.  Inside is just average quality  some of the veggies can seem a little wilted on warm days.  I wouldn't do most of my produce shopping here - this is just the place to grab something real quick on your way home.  I hate to say it - but go to Whole Foods or Market District (or real farmer's markets  soyou have to be careful...it's no Giant Eagle.  I always swing through when I'm in the strip Cheap and fresh fruits and vegetables. This will probably be a place I just walk by the next time I'm in the strip.  I did not enjoy it here at all." The price and freshness of the produce here is on par with most of the other vendors in the strip district. I'd recommend stopping by here to see which groceries are being discounted; those tend to be a good bargain. I'm poor. Stan's Market is cheap. I love Stan's Market." Stan's Market has always been a must visit when I am in the Strip.  What you see is what you get there no frills just great prices and even better fresh produce.  I especially  like buying garlic in bulk. It is not unusual to leave with a bag  full of produce for around $7.00.  this place is cheap. The prices I pay for the produce here are usually 1 3 of the price I pay at Giant Eagle. So Overall I really like this place.  Quality fruit and vegetables at prices that are way low compared to say Giant Eagle.  Outside of growing your own garden  so I get snacks from here a lot when she's in town.  The one caution I have (besides the yogurt) is that they sell an inferior brand of canned tomatoes here  albeit nothing as compared to Penn Mac.  It's definitely cheaper than Penn Mac though "Great place. I prefer the cheese here over Penn Mac any day! Plus  even though it was minor for me was the the staff did not seem overly friendly or helpful." Good selection of products (lots of fresh cheeses  but skipped it because it was so expensive.  Fast forward to Stamoolis Bros where I find packets of seasoning for just a couple bucks.  In fact "I stop here every time I am in the Strip.  Authentic Greek grocery.  Do not pass up their stuffed grape leaves or the freshly made Babaganous & hummus.  They have great cheeses and a variety of dried lentils and spices.  You will find something delicious here Stamoolis Bros is certainly worth a stop when shopping int the strip considering their prices and selection." "My FAVORITE place in the strip district! Amish butter cheese is amazing! GREAT prices on Blue Cheese.I have never been disappointed with any purchase made here. We love the pre sliced gyro meat  some items have been on the shelf too long. We discovered when we got home that two expensive cheeses were spoiled (no bree is not slimy & stinky nor is mozzarella.) We wasted $12 on spoiled food. Buyer beware. We are from out of town and cant return them. :( staff seemed distant and got the impression they did not want to be bothered. Stoic and unsmiling older guy was behind the counter. Hum  go to: http:  www.yelp.com review_share F9IJ3EddoyW89O0DFikPTQ review D5UPfn_UbOm4iqfWgSRygw?fsid=X4Q_wJ-wTj91tUUZ_DA3Eg)"  I stop in Stamoolis and pick up different cheeses.  They sell pasta and pastries as well and I think though they are a small store  you'll find lots to love and try for the first time." Their olive bar is awesome. They also have cheese and dip samples. I really like their feta humus. "Cheeeeseee!!! get the French feta  so I gave them another chance. I also purchased hummus and baba ganush to serve at a party. When i got them home I noticed that the baba was watery and didn't look normal. I tasted it (and so did a friend) and could not serve it to guests. I then opened the hummus and was surprised that it also did not taste very good. I served it anyways and it was left uneaten by the crowd. I also was surprised that some of the olives I purchased were dried out. I wonder... what is happening to one of my favorite stores? I will say that their spinach pies were still tasty as was the cheese and balsamic vinegar I purchased. I hope to report that this was just a momentary lapse in the coming months." LOVE this store. We stop in every Saturday when we do our grocery shopping in the Strip. Great cheese and olive selection as well as high quality affordable cold cuts and grains. Check out the Variety of oils and vinegar. Get all that you need to make gyros at home. Guess you get it. This is one of my main go tos. Try them out. another awesome place on the strip...if you are having trouble finding an authentic Italian market or store around Pittsburgh...look no further! this place is the real deal... owned by actual Italians...I am tired of the American stores that think they sell authentic food goods from Italy..this place has it all...everything is fresh and wide verity of produce...you can basically sample anything they have to offer... all you need to do is just politely ask ;)"  I purchased cheese this weekend that was moldy. I noticed that several cheeses looked like they were trimmed of their mold by the way they were cut....so I looked closely but when I got home and opened it I noticed that the cheese had a couple cracks and that there was green mold inside... And it tasted old. This was not blue cheese!" I can't believe that I just went in today for the 1st time.  I am a regular shopper in the Strip! I am so sorry that I did not venture in sooner! Great people who were so helpful and the products are quality! Love your store and my husband loved the meats and cheeses I brought home to pair with his wine! See you soon!  Everyone who shops at Penn Mac should give this great store a try! Always have the Greek foods I am looking for! The staff is very very helpful. The last time I was here the owners daughter physically walked around with us and helped us find what we were looking for. Unbelievable customer service. Huge selection! Such a big selection of Greek foods. Always stop in for fresh feta and olives. I love that they always leave samples out so you can try and discover new things!  but they have so much more.  Their deli is just as amazing with the best Prosciutto di Parma you can buy.  And If you can't find the olive oil or other Italian ingredients you need here then the only place you are going to find them is back in Italy."  sauces and authentic seasoning spices for you use and delight. Definitely a great place to go for specific ingredient shopping." you can't find a place like this easily niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w  should definitely check out ""the Strip"" for shopping and snacks." Favorite items include: Calabrese Olives  Jimmy & Nino has a bigger olive oil selection."  etc... makes me want to buy and play. They also had the biggest bottles of olive oil I'd ever seen... so "Ehh... it's not all that.  Watch the dried bulk stuff - it's old and stale.  I found little bugs crawling around the seeds and nuts in my little bags.  Had to throw all that away!  Bought the store's speciality sausages - bland and tasted of spoiled meat.  Cold cuts were good though pricey.  Also the cashier will over-charge if you buy many of bulk items  which can be very difficult to find.  Although it wasn't home-made."  and I can get in and out of the other Italian or Greek wholesalers in the time it takes me just to get past the front room of Penn Mac.  Unless I need a specific cheese that I know I'll have a hard time finding elsewhere  they're more than willing to make your day brighter.  Great selection of random Italian dry goods.  Worth a trip  the employees might not ask you if you need help but they are more than willing to do so when asked."  pepperoni slices and shredded cheese all next together if you want to bake your own pizzas. when they're not busy go to the deli and find the perfect compliment to whatever wine you've been needing an excuse to drink. the people that work there are the nicest folk that clearly love their jobs. most of them love that i don't know the first thing about anything italian because it gives them a chance to share what it is they specialize in. goods are cheap  the Macaroni Company is a little slice of Italy mixed with Pittsburgherness and fun." The frozen pierogis that I bought here were last night's dinner and tasted fantastic.  Their baked good section is mostly bare by 2pm on Sunday  Penn Mac!  You have an amazing variety I'll keep coming here for fresh meats and cheeses as long as I live in Pittsburgh."  and what can I say about the cheese and deli counter that hasn't already been said? Their imported parmesan is reasonably priced as such things go and it's the only place I've ever found cheese that's actually as good as what I had in Italy. Even when it's super crowded I plan on heading back every other week to get a new pairing of meats and cheeses and hopefully one day my palate will be super sophisticated  but good quality.  The cheese deli area...holy sh*t.  I was in Europe this summer and their selection rivals some Parisian cheese shops.  Prices are unbelievably low Service is helpful and knowledgeable.  Prices are fair for a specialty shop." don't come here hungry!"  tell here that Mark in Alabama told you to call...She'll remember your name the next time you call too!"  I have come to miss Penn Mac. If you ever go looking for cheese this is mecca. There is a huge selection and the service is excellent- they know their cheese and can guide you to some great picks. My favorite Saturday morning shopping trips in the strip involved coming to this phenomenal store."  but ask for a sample of any cheese before you buy it.  I just bought my second pound of ""past due"" blue in a year.  (Two pounds out of probably 6-7 that I've bought in the past year.  And yes  and a very authentic feel....really niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w They have everything! I especially love the cheese selection and bulk olives. The Penn Mac sauces are delectable and a quick fix on those lazy days when you don't feel like making your own I have always felt that the people behind the cheese counter were very knowledgeable. Anytime I was cooking a particular type of food or looking for a cheese that would go good with........I had only to ask. This past time I saw one of the regular employees and informed him that we were making mexican food for friends and I was looking for a cheese that would make a good queso.....but I was unable to finish. As soon as I said the work ""mexican"" he glared at me and told me that although I may think he looks mexican - he wasn't.  He then left me standing at the counter while he went to get a drink of water. Maybe he was having a bad day - but he didn't improve mine any.  I bought my cheese down the street. Not sure I will go back even if you're not going to buy anything it's worth a walk through to enjoy the sights and smells." "They sell Kinder Bueno bars. If you have ever been to Italy  and dry goods.  There is a pilgrimage by locals on Christmas Eve to pick up cheese and meats so you have to get there early or wait in line.  However If you're in Pittsburgh and ever cook Italian food  the place is always clean and well stocked.  Any pasta shape you can think of can be found here dried and most you can find anywhere else can be found here fresh.  The fresh cheeses look great as do the olives There is real pride in this stuff and the staff is eager to guide you to just the cracker that will fit the cheese.  An amazing place in the strip District."  sorta cheddary cheese that's chock full of chives! Basically  but I really can't speak for those. Its just not why you go there. I'd recommend getting some fresh mozzarella [15 Minutes of Fame: ""Man v. Food""]"  ""Do NOT touch the actual bread unless you are buying it!!!"" I saw at least 3 people who were squeezing the bread with their dirty hands to see if it was soft. Totally grossed me out. Why would anyone think that is okay?!?! I can understand if you are squeezing the bread through the bag but don't TOUCH it! That is only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Oh and the fact that it wasn't that clean."  but the great thing about the strip is great produce is only a few doors away. This place does get PACKED on the weekends so I hope you can tolerate crowds."  there is some produce and a few lanes of registers. It was late on a saturday(They were about to close) and there was no line. The place is a treasure and it's definitely worth stopping in It's 5 star worthy!!!!"  the Penn Mac jarred sauces and homemade and imported pastas! The smell of cheese and olives is awesome!"  fancy meats (they have frickin' Iberian jamon...good luck finding that elsewhere) and random Italian things.  I wouldn't say the prices on everything else is as cheap as the cheese counter  and walking past and through the other shops in the Strip is so much fun it shouldn't matter anyway."  and homemade sauce here. So great. I always try to check out in the line with the guy who has a picture of his cat too. My wife and I like to talk about cats with people. : " This is one of the places I take people when they visit me. Some people look at me like I'm crazy for taking them to a grocery stores  an improvised shack amid buckets of olives and spices. Highly questionable hygiene for a food store!Disgusting. I will not go back until they clean up the place. It's just filthy!!!"  especially if you are there on a day when it's not as over crowded.  Some other great things about the store...bulk spices (very reasonably priced)  and most importantly--fresh and delicious. We stacked loaves of bread in the car as well. Seeing all the salted fish (for the upcoming feast of 7 fishes) was beautiful. The most memorable part of the visit  and their selection of hot sauces is one of the best in the city.  I'm giving PennMac four stars instead of five because their gruff service can sometimes be intimidating and off-putting." They ship...I'm thrilled.  This place saved me a trip to italy."  grains and pasta boggle my mind. I tried a habanero soft cheese this weekend that I couldn't help but buy. My eyes were tearing up from the potency of the habanero while my taste buds were throwing a mini dance party. It was creamy pungent cheesy perfection. This is also a great place to pick up 'from scratch' Italian meal essentials. I could really go on about this place. Take a chance and visit one weekend Next time I'm going to add a selection of cheeses to my purchase of cured meat."  Penn Mac is everrything a good deli should be. Wide variety The dinner I made from Penn Mac = 100% awesome!"  but the owner was very rude he was rude to me and i saw him treat a few of the people that work for him with a lack of respect i like the cured meats and cheeses the people in the deli were great and the stock man helped me find what i need pen mac is a nice place to shop except for the owner he is one miserable person he does have a great store "  pasta and cheese when I'm in town. I grew up shopping at Penn Mac regularly so perhaps there's even a bit of nostalgia in it for me. Either way  and quality are all two thumbs up!" "The cheese counter and ""Dear Heart"" really are treasures.  They have all manner of fancy aged gruyeres "We visited this store on after a tour of the Strip District and we loved it! They have hundreds of varieties of cheese and the people behind the counter were very helpful and informative. The history of the district and of this store makes it all the more worthwhile to visit. As an added bonus  you are immediately hit with food smells.  They have everything for your charcuterie and pasta needs.  Cheeses  and spices Pittsburgh. In fact Penn Mac is so solid at these three things I am not sure who is a competitive second. Oh and they have a gigantic selection of pastas (including 15+ varieties of fresh cut pasta) Heaven on Earth for any Italian... I've found it  cheeses and meats. Try the Antipasto salad at the Olive bar. It's the best!" "LOVE this place!!  They have everything authentic Italian you could want without being in Italy!  Got some Gouda  it isn't pretty like you would see at one of those ""yuppified"" gourmet markets (won't name and names) but I have been coming here since early childhood and it has scarcely changed.  In fact the same boxes of aromatic salt cod remain at the entrance welcoming customers for well over 30 years!  I am always fearful that places like these are in danger of going away mainly due to corporations coming in and driving them out.  However Check it out and check out the other reviews for more info!"  and she gave mea  with a Smart A--s. answer. that was not the first time. i have a idea  or anything for Italian cooking.  This is also the only place we can find our favorite spicy anchovies!  If you want the full experience I love it here :)  I love all the employees and the owners also!  I miss Penn Mac now that I live in Hawaii but I will visit every time I am in Pittsburgh! niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w  along with a ton of other specialty Italian products.  I have spent YEARS trying to figure out how to make pizza dough with mediocre results.  That was time wasted!  You can get the best pizza dough at Penn Mac for $1.50.  Yes.  6 quarters.  That's it."  and HUGE.  I made so many things with the loaf I bought and almost ran out of ideas. I cannot even remember what else I bought here because I was enamored by that bread." Penn Mac is definitely a spot we can all be proud of in Pittsburgh and we're so lucky to have it!" An incredible Italian market. This place is as good as some of the markets that I shop at in New York. Be sure to look in every nook and cranny so that you do not miss anything. "Penn Mac is one of my absolute favorite shops in the Strip District. They have such a great selection of cheeses "This place seems like an Italians dream. This place has the freshest mozzarella cheese I have ever had. It is still in the water bath when you buy it. They also have fresh homemade pasta that is also to die for. They have so many cool things that nobody else carries it is just neat to walk around and check out. They have every kind of olive you could ever think of I just love to visit this store. As you enter the store you can feel the Italian vibe. We purchased the best olive I have ever had. I discovered fresh mozzarella yum! I just made the homemade pasta for dinner. The black pepper linguine was so good. I need to go back for more real soon. It is a great place to find wonderful gifts for all occasions.  etc.  We came here once during our visit and had a blast just looking around.  Didn't even buy anything.  Whether you are a local or a tourist like we were Their shipping operation is also exceptional." "This is Italian heaven.  It has everything the Italian Pittsburgher could want.  I've since moved away from Pittsburgh but recently was sent some Penn Mac merchandise and it was a dream!  They package everything so well and ship it quickly!  I couldn't have asked for a better and tastier gift.  The store is perfection niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w "Penn Mac is such a fun Italian Market.  Their cheese station is fantastic with hundreds of different types of cheese to choose from.  The employees are so knowledgeable and helpful!  Another highlight is the olive bar.  Huge buckets of so many different types of olives to choose from.  They come stuffed with different cheeses Easy to Get Around and Well Laid Out." This place is a must that I look forward to enjoying for a long (Personal wish: a real Italian butcher shop in Pittsburgh. Though the new generation of butchers around here are starting to get pretty good.)" "This place is gigantic.   A great grocery store to find some quirky authentic Italian items.   They have tons of olive oils  a third of the price of going to the supermarket. Also try the fresh saffron pasta - will change your life!" I've never been in the store. I've ordered things online. I live in Northern VA. I'm originally from Wheeling WV so used to go to the Burgh a lot for Steelers Pirates games but never found this place until a few years ago. The food they have is very good.  The shipping costs they charge is the issue. I can order some of the same items from other stores farther away and they only charge you a $5 handling fee. I can get Caputo 00 flour from the Plum Market in Wisconsin for $2.67 per 2.2 lb package plus $5 handling fee no shipping cost. I wish they would discount their shipping. If they did that then I would order from them again. I love to come here when I go to pittsburgh! The cheese counter here is huge! The cheese line can be very crowded though. Also they have pierogi's from pierogi's plus which I like alot. The deli options here are good as well and there's a lot of pasta options. Nothing better then the strip district in Pittsburgh. It's every Italians dream. The PMC is the best has a little bit of everything. Fresh bread great pasta and Olive for days. I love it here and the smell is terrific :)  go to: http:  www.yelp.com review_share EnJS6OeeknzOjVUX6RYwlQ review 8hA8rRHss2PRlroWujzT_Q?fsid=D3ZAe8-bG1Zz-raxtTTr8Q)"  might be one of my favorite places ever! PMC has been around forever and there's a good reason why...they have an incredible collection of imported meats and cheese and other Italian specialty items. Going here is an experience This place is always packed.  I like the cheese area but I never know what to get and so I've never bought cheese here.  But they have fresh pasta you can buy in the front of the house  I'm always stunned by how much I didn't spend! Since it's wholesale  they close at 4:30 and I asked her if it was to late to get pasta. She rolled her eyes at me and said uh yeah-we are putting it away right now. A simple yes or no would have been nice. I said ok thanks anyway. Then she must have reconsidered and said well did you want something??? In a very rude voice. Needless to say I walked away. Wow! Pennsylvania Macaroni Company needs to work on customer service. Obviously she hates her job  Groceria Italiana and Donatelli's are my go-tos when it comes to picking up authentic Italian ingredients.  However Their fresh pasta is delicious. They also have a nice selection of pasta sauces and fresh cheese. They also have so many fresh dips I want to buy.  there's really no substitute for Penn-Mac. It's hard to beat their price on 'Tipo 00' flour. They also have decent quality discount produce and an excellent cheese selection. The crowds can get unruly here niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w  you'll drive in and bring coolers so you can go to Penn Mac for the mother of all Italian food shopping sprees.  Mangia!" You might forget all about the macaroni part when the scent of cheese hits you. This is a Strip District dream. What Saturdays were made for. Definitely coming back on our next visit."  so don't let the crowds turn you off.  Go inside and enjoy!"  it seems like the previous review was read by management. Keep improving the cleanness of the place because the groceries you sell are good otherwise."  not crackers (IMO) but olives! They have buckets and buckets of bulk olives you can choose from-stuffed olives and plain. They have a bread section with Breadworks items and several vats of olive oil so you can buy a large amount. There is a small section stocked with fresh produce in the back near the registers. They have a whole section  a few laps and then just fork over 5 bucks to park on Smallman." We had a bunch of sangria's last night. Amazing. Our server was excellent. Was visiting my son for three weeks and went there at least 6 times. Wish they were in south Florida." This was my first visit to Penn Mac and I was blown away by the selection. They have everything from cheese to fresh pasta to produce to kitchen equipment. Noteworthy items include the mozzerella di bufala and the fire-roasted tomatoes.  fresh breads and produce to choose from also! And of course everything is at a great price :)"  and they take credit cards!  A win in my book." Always stop here when in the area!"  cheeses and olives. The staff is so friendly and helpful. Definitely a place to visit when in the Pittsburgh area!" They have complimentary parking in back. Love this place!"  I'm too lazy to wait in the line. There is also pasta for days and a fresh selection of nuts and herbs Everything is fresh and made to order. It is centrally located in the strip district near other stores and eateries." Can't wait to go back. This place will be my new go-to for high quality cured meats  fresh cheese." I would encourage you to go during the week if possible  this place is a must stop for anyone visiting the Strip District!"  European Italians.  The building is over a 100 years old and second generation family still owns it.  Great old pics on the wall and cool stuff to look at!  Being from out of town we bough shelf-stable stuff to go but the cheese and fresh pasta look amazing.  Had we had more time I would of looked around longer.  Prices are great and selection is dizzing.  Even the checkout lady was fun and that Yinzer accent made my shriveled heart swoon...." The sauces sold here are delicious and there's a nice selection of produce.  They also carry a nice variety of nuts  but their customer service is lacking in my opinion. I purchased a single loaf of bread and before I had a chance to say anything the cashier had placed the bag of bread in a large plastic bag. I said ""I don't need a bag Prices our low considering the quality you get. Bring a cooler. Cheese is usually sold by the 1lb."  and selection of everything Italian. Always stop in here when in the Strip. SO delicious!" P.S. Gave one star for the guys but then she killed it and Won't go there again!"  oh the best papaya salad you can find in the city. The price you couldn't get for the full course in the fine dining restaurant."  helpful and curteous. The place is spotless- always. You can get a great hot lunch. The menu selection varies from day to day. But it's always very good. And they make frozen dinners you can take home and cook. Everything about this place is much better than Donatellis. What's not to love?" I highly recommend stopping in this place to grab dinner - either for ready made food or their pasta and sauce.  You're about 10 minutes away from deliciousness." "It's a nice small and authentic market that's just one block off the main strip. I absolutely love this place! If you come at the right time  I will be patronizing you for years to come!" Skip out of work early and make a pit stop here on your way home I hit this spot everytime I visit Bloomfield for a haircut.  The homemade ravioli and Italian sub are my favorite!  I tried a small sampling of their pasta and meatballs and purchased an amazing loaf of bread and Turner's milk (which is by far the best milk I've ever tasted). The employees are very nice I wish we were closer to Bloomfield.  We'd be back much more often than we likley will be.  That being said "Best Tiramisu ever! But a sub-standard attitude? I was flying to Florida to visit my sister and wanted to gift her the tiramisu. Reached the shop 15 minutes before closing time and was treated to rude customer service. I was told that the store generally closes earlier than the closing time as there is a lot of cleaning. Well I do sympathize with that The ravioli is easily the best ravioli I have ever had. Each little pocket of heaven was hand made and was slightly different in shape and size from each other. The tall tale sign that they were pressed by hand. We followed the directions on the box and BAKED (not boiled) them in sauce. I've literally thought about those ravioli every time I have had italian food since. If you are anywhere near this place Places like this are too wonderful to overlook. I'm just bummed that it took me 7 years of living in Pittsburgh to find out about Groceria Italiana!" I'll likely upgrade GI to four and a half stars when I am permitted to do so." My review will be short and sweet.  I AGREE with everything everybody had to say about this wonderful little Italian store in Bloomfield.  I hate grocery shopping (especially big store grocery shopping like Giant Eagle) but love to shop in this lovely little store.  Prepared foods are fantastic and the lunchmeats are always fresh and delicious.  I always manage to find everything I need here.  I am Italian and grew up with grocery stores just like this.  I feel like I am home every time I enter.  mine fell apart like crazy. It was a mess. An expensive mess. Artichoke and Gorgonzola everywhere. Not only the seams fell apart. The pasta broke all over. I may go back for tiramisu in time  and they were absolutely delicious. Just make sure to bake them according to the directions--the reviewer who said they fell apart on him obviously tried to boil them.  Looking forward to trying more delicious flavors of raviolis soon!" 4.0 - tuscan bread: fresh and soft throughout.  on select days it isn't as good "Years ago I discovered this quaint grocer and their awesome lunch counter. The meatball hoagie and weeding soup are seriously are amazing and authentic. I have not had better wedding soup in the city. I'm also in love with the homemade raviolis  along with some fresh tomato sauce and one of their store made lasagnas. I served to some friends that night and everyone was blown away by how fantastic it all tasted.  Will definitely be shopping here regularly." If you visit this store good luck finding them open they close when they feel like it stopped on sat 230pm there were workers in the store the door was locked they would not answer just motioned to me they were closed all I wanted was manicotti  ruined good dinner plans.  which is convenient.  The employees are helpful as well.  Check it out ASAP."  along with some fresh tomato sauce and one of their store made lasagnas to serve to some friends that night. Everyone was blown away by how fantastic it all tasted.  Will definitely be going back regularly." "Love this quaint little Italian grocery in the heart of Bloomfield. I try to go at least once a week to pick up homemade pasta  where it's warmer than PGH. and love it but reading these reviews sure did make me homesick!" One of the best Italian grocery stores in Pittsburgh!! When I walk into this store I am hit with the scents of Italian food and it reminds me of the best of my childhood when I would make homemade meatballs with my Italian mother.  lately it's been hit or miss. Today is the 27th of May and I ordered the mac-n-cheese and it tastes like a completely different recipe. It is all watered down and gross. This happened another time about a month ago. I honestly don't know how it could taste so different from one week to the next "We first ate here on the Burgh Bits and Bites Tour in 2012. I've driven 30+ minutes several times a year since to purchase their homemade ravioli (literally hand-rolled Here's a tip: try their chocolate-covered almond biscotti.  Mmmmm."  I love the things that you can't really get at Giant Eagle.  They have terrific imported pastas and Italian condiments.  Their deli counter is unbeatable--certainly better than the aforementioned Giant Eagle.  I particularly recommend trying their cheeses!"  so Rick and I decided to head back to Donatelli's.  We picked up some of their wonderful pastas.  I was also in the mood to make Italian subs for lunches  a whole tray of meatballs and sauce from the hot bar was spilled all over the floor. They just scooped it right back in and I only hope it wasn't served! The place smells awful and the workers are grumpy. There's a lady there who's always screaming and cursing and some fat guy that's just as bad. The LAST experience I had with Donatelli's was when I bought a tub of ""freshly packed"" soynuts. I got home  but who wants to eat dirt with it? I've seen someone mop the filthy snow tracked floor then put the bucket of water on the deli counter. No thanks. I'll pay a little more for sanitation. There are other Italian grocery stores close by."  Donatelli's was my primary reason for going to Bloomfield the other day.  I had to pick up a few of the usual staples.  Our fridge was getting mighty low on mozzarella "Nice article in today's PG about Donatelli's (and Groceria Italiana). But beware  -  a lot of products at Donatelli's are on the shelf  WAY  beyond their expiration date.  And yesteday the cheese ""cooler"" was so warm that the packages of goat cheese were almost liquid... and produce often sits rotting... But there are other virtues and values to be had "This Bloomfield wonder is a Pittsburgh original.  I love the meatball sub for $2.29 and the vat of olives for $3.99 lb.  They have the best prices on lemons and Nutella.  I buy bread and fresh cheese here as well as fresh pasta.  I have never seen the staff serve off the floor but you never know.  What I don't know won't hurt me Well let's take a look at the January specials.  Imported Polish ham for $3.99 lb.  Polish ham at an Italian store?  Okay!  Fresh homemade pasta for $2.49 lb!  Gonna be having some veal tortellini with spicy Italian sausage and my homemade marinara sauce for dinner tonight.  Nicholas coffee for $6.99 lib.  We all know that Susan doesn't resume the form of a human female until she's had that 2nd cup."  and Chocolate-Covered Almond Biscotti for dinner. After having tried all three this evening I think it's a good neighborhood grocery store fir Bloomfield residents It's more worthy of three and a half stars than three stars."  Inc is next to O Yogurt in Bloomfield-Little Italy - Best prices and fresh food ever. We cannot wait to go back. Really awesome. We Love Our HOMETOWN PITTSBURGH :) YOU HAVE TO STOP here. I mean they have ""EVERY THING"" and it is really the BEST PRICES anywhere :)" Bottom line: If you're wandering around Bloomfield looking for some unexpected surprises  and the deli has a decent selection...not to mention their absurdly-affordable sandwiches. It's generally cheaper than the other Italian market nearby While Donatelli's may feel kind of cramped and may not seem as immaculately clean as some big box grocery stores (at least for the section the customer sees) I totally recommend this joint!!"  there was no one in the store and someone was in the back making sandwiches for me. Another employee asked if they could help me (I wanted to get lunch meat while I waited)  which often seems overpriced to me.  You can usually find the staff hard at work around the store while shopping.  Everyone is friendly and helpful.  Back at the deli counter they know me as the guy who always tips for service.  I give 2$ everytime a friendly face waits on me :)  I can tell they don't get tips often because they always express their gratitude for my kindness.  The store is convenient for Bloomfield locals who might be in walking distance.  There is no private parking  and customer service is what can make or break a business' reputation. Place is great minus that one hag. Definitely patronize them. Worlds better than any deli around."  I wouldn't recommend it but you have a few spare minutes "Good prices for a specialty grocery store. If you appreciate a fun assortment of deli items "I also tried this place for the first time on a Burgh Bits and Bites Tour. They make their own ravioli from scratch and use an archaic pasta machine to stuff and cut it. The process is impressive and delicious. My first choice for homemade ravioli is Groceria Italiana (completely made by hand and more generously stuffed) Great job Donatelli's!!!  I love that you're my neighborhood store!" I'm pretty sure there's a ramp for a wheel chair. The aisles though are pretty narrow so be careful." UPDATE: It took me until just a few weeks ago to try out their bento lunches. They're healthy and delicious. They'll heat the bento up for you on premises if you're eating on the go. The owner of Tokyo has also recently started selling his bentos and sushi in Lotus Foods in the Strip. Give them a try for a quick "Tokyo is a great place to get some hard to find japanese ingredients. The bento boxes are delicious and inexpensive.  Store is clean and the workers are very friendly.  They have a good selection of things that are difficult to find in the city like yuzu and ginko nuts and fresh shiso leaves  but have absolutely no evidence or sources to refer to that the folks at Tokyo and at UMI (the big Burrito group sushi place right next door) source from the same place.  In any case  and shared with a laundromat and another store or two.  There is on-street parking."  but formidable selection to suit your needs.   I would just be weary with expiration dates and the perishables they sell."  as all of the packaging was in Japanese. It was very authentic though and the bentou lunch was great.The shop had a great selection. However "I love this little grocer. They prepare little bentos (perfect for lunch while you do your laundry) and have a ton of niche items you can't get anywhere else. Plus  but I think it's a great little store! I first went there looking for miso soup ingredients and was pleasantly impressed with their selections of goods. They had everything I need for the soup plus so much more. The store is very clean and people working there are very nice and friendly. It's fun trying new foods and also nice trying authentic versions of food I already enjoy. They have awesome green tea! I'll no longer buy any tea bag type tea and will be sticking to just their lose leaf variety. Although the store isn't huge  they are so good.  They are made fresh daily by the nice Japanese mom and pop that own the place.  They make sushi as well and it is expensive but it really does taste a million times better than the Giant Eagle stuff.  They also sell SASHIMI grade fish so we tried our hand at sashimi cutting one afternoon as well."  lots of green tea and they even have some great japanese shampoo and conditioner if you ever need them. Right next to a laundry place You won't regret popping in here as the owners take pride in their shop and keep it clean and all food fresh though note there is a $10 minimum for credit card." Tokyo Japanese is as sugoi as it gets My wife says I am addicted to having a lot of obscure Japanese condiments around the house  but some kitchen stuff and DVDs. Fresh sushi every day too. Just don't expect much English. The people do speak it fairly well though." "Slightly pricey compared to what those things usually cot in the west past. But it is in the burgh so stop by if you really want some authentic ramen  I left the store empty handed because they did not have ice prepared to pack the fish in so that the fish would remain at a safe temperature during my trip home." My latest visit here was to get supplies for a friends Hot Pot night. Both of the staff were incredibly helpful with my questions. They directed me towards the best cuts of meat (I knew thin cut beef and pork worked well but not the specific type - i.e. fatty or lean). There was a great selection and variety of fresh vegetables which were well priced. Self control with respect to the assortment of red bean paste-based sweets was difficult but I managed!"   the selection isn't bad and the staff is friendly.  We always check it out when daughter comes back to school for her Japanese necessities. Parking is a drag tho which is the worst part. They have some bakery items as well which we always enjoy."  which made it a very nice shopping experience for me. One thing to note is that they have a $10 card minimum. If I'm feeling like making a homemade Japanese meal There is a pretty good sized shared parking lot that is often full.  Parking is also available in a small lot around back I have been to the South Hills GE Market District before.  I actually enjoy the experience of walking around HUGE stores that overwhelm me with variety and random things.  Thus is the experience of GE Market District.  You are in a full-service grocery store that caters to all income levels.  AND you get FUEL POINTS for wasabi-covered soy beans.  Fantastic!  They give you a map of the store  so I shop elsewhere unless I really need something that other places don't stock."  they create backups and clusters and I've seen 'cart to heel' accidents; this place is too crowed for the layout."  be mentally prepared not to find a spot in their parking lot or two levels of parking garage.  Aisles also seem a bit narrow One can do much worse than this store.  I've been to plenty of other stores out of state such as Kroger and Albertsons  lots of groceries!  I like being able to buy marketplace hummus dip AND toilet paper.  This place might beat out trader joe's for me for regular grocery trips  i was nervous to go here after two horrible experiences at other giant eagles in the area.  they were dumps.  but  and we would have liked to buy it from Giant Eagle.  But considering the ordering drama  I face the crazy check out lines where one has plenty of time to analyze a disturbing cross-section of consumer society  and one in the grocery area).  I've seen plenty of smiling faces and people being eager to help shoppers find things.  These are the touches that bumped this up to a 4-star review." The only thing I can complain about is the some of the other customers. Some were rude and most had snarls on their faces However I'd consider shopping here for speciality items or for convenience."  prepared food section & juice bar." The only bad thing I'd say about this Giant Eagle is the clusterfuck of a parking lot they have. It's right off of a fairly busy street right by an intersection. They do have a parking garage The lady was not very nice about it and questioned "" is that normally packaged like that?"" to two other employees. The one guy said "" looks like she ate it and spit back out"" Seriously?! GROSS! Then she wanted me to go with her and talk to the hot foods department. I declined because I didn't want it!!  Plus I didn't feel great! What more to the story is there?  I won't ever get it again and the attitude towards me because I dared to return poor quality food was not needed."  I need to adjust to the price of food being higher.  The cashiers have been pretty friendly as well."  there are some good deals.  We still try to do as much of our shopping as possible at Trader Joe's all and all i love this giant eagle!"  Giant Eagle. Bad move." "So I decided to go on a cooking and baking frenzy and this place had everything I needed in the recipes I had. I had to find these three different types of cheese to make my lasagna from scratch and the guy working at the cheese area was very helpful. He even helped me get a grated version of one of the cheeses since I didn't want to go through the hassle of grating the block of cheese. The worker at the seafood counter was also nice and friendly. I could literally spend hours here if I could due to all the variety of food selection they have here. I definitely will be back for the huge variety of pickles they sell in their barrels! This place reminds me of a Whole Foods Tfysaq2SdZAc5_TyPpuyLA Price? Yes you're paying a bit more. It's nice to be able to get some specialty items alongside the normal stuff and one shouldn't be surprised to pay specialty prices at a big-box grocers like Giant Eagle. If you want lower prices on something like desi spices  pico de gallo for instance.  And in spite of having a HUGE kosher section they do not carry Empire brand frozen chicken fat (schmaltz). Back home if you asked for something they would order it for you.  My only negative experience at Giant Eagle  was with the Kosher deli associate who wasn't at all helpful along these lines. Everyone else has been great! Including the store security guard who helped me find things my first time in the store." Main complaint with this location is that the organization of aisles and products are not logical.  You often see items in multiple locations because the layout of the store was clearly not thought out." The fruits and vegetables are always really nice and last quite a bit longer than other stores in the area. And while I wish they had a wider variety of cheeses  I'll go back because I like me some fuel perks and it's just convenient  I still would recommend the Strip District over the Market District. If you're going to deal with insane crowds of aimless wanderers This location is a place that I would visit for only one thing Two stars because the check-out staff is nice and the pasta kosher deli selections rock. Otherwise  but the customer service line is ALWAYS LONG and the employees working at the customer service always go SUPER SLOW!!" * Multiple self checkouts" Note that only Advantage Card users can utilize the self-checkout I heard Whole CEO treats employees badly this is an ethical issue for me but sometimes you have to make a personal choice based on your experiences."  so I'd rather just make the drive to the suburbs for my Giant Eagle shopping trip."  I prefer the (gasp) East Lib  Shakespeare St. GE. I can always park right outside the door and have had no problems with the produce My local grocery store.They just remodeled the cafe and dining area- looks beautiful and is spacious. They sell beer now. Also has a deli and cheese section. Gets crowded in the afternoons. "The produce here is always beaten to a pulp and expensive. We only get it here for convenience. The romaine is especially pitiful. We complained (finally) and received an apology and an offer for free cotton candy flavored grapes. We never did redeem our grape offer (as Snape would say  Giant Eagle offers a brand guarantee and a return policy which assure customer satisfaction; that is I changed my mind...I have a MOSTLY hate relationship with this place." It's come to the point that I avoid this place if I can. Aldi's is better for the basics and Pearl Market in the Strip district has better produce for 4x cheaper than this place."  the parking lot is usually crammed and it's hard to find a spot.  Prices could be a lot better.  I don't care for their produce  it's just an uncomfortable environment to be in while grocery shopping.  I like to take my time and really evaluate everything  except they will occasionally have deals on soda and greek yogurt."  I usually did all of my shopping at about 11 at night and I would go straight through (even though I had to get the bottom of the barrel with produce and other items). I have since moved over to ALDI's I got tired of waiting in line with one register open and 10 people in front of me. Won't be back.  especially for produce. I paid $2 for cilantro!! and not the organic kind either. Also depending on when you come in beware of people not familiar with pushing a shopping cart as well as loud  which I'm reminded of when I come here in a car with a friend on occasion. However There's an Aldi up the street and a Trader Joe's nearby.  Both are far less infuriating to shop at." I still like them. I'm there every week." Just choose your time to visit." The Holidays are coming and in the 'British' section they are not selling Vegeta seasoning anymore. "I needed Italian bread for an event so there was no choice except to buy the bread that was available. The bakery had plenty of Italian bread but therein lies the problem- I buy Italian bread on an almost weekly basis so I know the way it's supposed to look as well as cost. For about the third maybe fourth time now the bread yeast hasn't risen all the way. It looks like squashed sourdough bread instead of Italian bread. Instead of about 4""-5"" it's about 2"" thick. To add insult to injury the bread even costs more during the times it was thinner. Instead of the bread costing $2.49 just like any other day it cost $2.69 when it's thinner. Does that make any sort of logical sense? I am disappointed and this review is emotional in nature but there are actual facts here as well."  but the way I have been treated there everytime I go is beyond imagining. Giant Eagle has managed to monopolize grocery stores in this area and kept out other chains I would prefer such as Wegman's. The produce here is subpar and anytime I do buy it I end up with a swarm of fruit flies at my house. I once saw a tomato display crawling with hundreds of them and the employees did nothing. Go to Whole Foods and buy their store brand  but could not find them. They literally stood around and watched her. I came to the store to get her and help her look and I could not find them myself. I feel they could have made an announcement;  because she thinks they fell into her small cart (she did not realize until she went to drive her car and the cart was gone). I believe they could have done more and chose not too."  I expected more cons whenever i began this review. I guess it's not too bad-- 3 stars."  which is nice except for the fact (and huge hassle) that you have to pay for your alcohol in the cafe area and then you must go wait in line again to purchase your groceries - it's just not a convenient set up and I realize that is due to the PA State Liquor Laws but it is maddening and almost makes it not worth it most of the time."  and it beats the hell out of the ridiculously overpriced bottle shops. They also have a handful or so of rotating beers on draft The only thing that saved this store were the nice people that worked there. I was totally confused about the whole situation...I should be able to buy whatever I want...but I guess not here in PA grocery stores. The people that worked there both apologized about the rules they had to follow...but really what can you do? I hope the citizens of PA will wake up and move from the antiquated liquor laws into something more modern."  yet if you get lucky I have come across specialty items that aren't in the catalogue yet so will not scan. I love getting free pumpkin seed oil [score $12 item]" Parking can be a bit slow as there is limited outdoor parking in front and on the side and the remainder of parking is in the garage under the store and requires an elevator ride.  It does get crowded at peak times as well."  uniquely-stocked store right on the 71A and 71C buslines was a phenomenal asset to have at the time. I imagine this is still where many students do their shopping although there are several more options available (Trader Joes I normally stop here only if there's something specific I need that I cannot find at my local store. The Market District does tend to get crowded and they also offer additional services such as dry cleaning or sometimes a bank."  sushi and a very open fruits and veggie section. Where they lose points is on prices. I find prices here to be too high for the quality and find that I can snag a better deal at TJs and even Whole Paycheck if I hit the sales. I went today to grab some snow peas and they were dry Just go to Whole Foods." "The ""customer"" service and pharmacy are TERRIBLE at this location!  I was not helped at all and was basically ushered out of the store.  Will be keeping my money at Aldis from now on."  I know.) I found some jars and containers on the paper products aisle - but not what I needed. My husband said that it should be on the aisle with the kitchen gadgets - still couldn't find what I needed. I was about to give up when I walked past the nearby coffee section and found suitable jars. I was so desperate that I didn't care how much they cost -- but now that I see that a 12 count box of Ball 32oz wide mouth mason jars cost only $11.99 on Target.com "This Market District has a nice selection of items.  The produce is always fresh and the prices can be somewhat high.  I'm a fan of the bakery and have ordered a few cakes here.  It is generally clean and often crowded  their ethnic and international food selection is extensive. This is pretty much your one-stop shop for whatever you may need---gifts  1 pm. Cake was nowhere to be found and it took several minutes to find our order which seemed to have been buried in a pile. Bakery team lead jumped right in apologizing for the oversight  local and or organic produce and ground-in-house beef? I'll be back..."  it actually has a fair amount of specialty items.  Fruits and vegetables are of excellent quality  which enhances the shopping experience."  but you pay the price for it! The cashiers are overall friendly. I also frequent the pharmacy and the staff there is very efficient and helpful! Also The staff is excellent and the location provides a day care for your kids while you shop. There is ample parking "I personally believe that this is one of the nicer GE in the area. For some reason the inner-city ones seem dark and dingy. Also  now I'm really done.  :)" I will be here often!"  but I've found the quality to be underwhelming."  old and new 28 were blocked on thursday night. Traffic followed by the worst rainstorm. I thought well they have food at Giant Eagle market district. I'll eat something and wait out the traffic.  The serve the best Veggie burger I ever had.  check it out!"  what happened to all the sandwiches?  You can't buy any prepared food after 9pm except some chicken in a plastic container anymore.  The best GE is the Rt 8 one  so it's a great spot to get some work done too." Even though I do have this real problem of wandering the aisles and coming home with way more than what's on my list... Have to work on that!"  but went to Market District. I got the salmon. It was incredible--served over rice with sauted fresh vegetables. Better than anything I could have gotten at a traditional restaurant." I've eaten here several times and they are not very flexible. They ran out of their special  in 20 mins and didn't offer any substitute. How hard is jt to make a salad? How do you run out of that? You are a grocery store  and a little cafe that serves prepared foods.  There is definitely no shortage of variety here  but I do expect a grocery store to have fresh bread. They didn't. The grilled cheese made for m my son was burnt black "Worst customer service EVER at the pharmacy here. Ridiculous. No wonder Giant Eagle customer satisfaction is down seven percentage points this quarter (thank you  I am not the only one to feel this way about them. Dropped off a prescription today before noon and let them know I'd be picking it up after work at 7:30. I get there only to find out they have nothing ready. From there  typical throughout the rest of the store when it comes to a Market District This Giant Eagle is the best in town. They have really made a lot of improvements when it became a market district including adding a caf and a Starbucks. The caf has great food and their brunch is especially good and they even sometimes have live music! Everyone that works here is very nice and helpful. This location is especially clean! They have really come a far way! The only reason that I gave the Market District 4 stars is that by the time that we were done eating  or and odd and scary looking dried mushroom. Coming early in the morning is the only way to shop here as later in the day it's crazy busy.  I recommend a stop if your in the area and up early." Good job Giant Eagle.  I will be back."  it's very conveniently located and is open all the time.  I prefer the deli here over Walmart lets say and you can usually get a lot of items on sale that are cheaper than Walmart as well - but not a lot of the stuff that isn't on sale.  If you are looking for a grocery store in and around Belmont Convenience is always important  clipping coupons and checking out the circular. When I get to the store I spend the same amount of time picking out my groceries. When I get to the check-out the last thing I want to happen to my carefully picked groceries is to have them thrown into bags _yZbIA76UR0cIgoq0jM5zQ Limited but good prices!" Unless you have no other choice do not shop here.  The store is horribly dirty and the prices are higher then Harris Teeter.  If you come after 10 you can hang out with the manager smoking outside (That's where he always is) or you can buy out of date bakery products.  If you question my review take a moment to go visit the men's bathroom.  It is disgusting and can be smelled 10 feet before you even get to the door. "I moved to the area not long ago. Never been a Bilo customer but it's the closest store to my apartment. Only a couple times have I ever not been able to find what I needed. I would like a bigger craft beer selection it takes forever to get some one at the front desk and when you do they are always rude" Close by grocery store ... Open 24 hrs - but count on it ... But not dependable for the real groceries... Go to Harris Teeter or Trader Joes for that ... This is good for creamer or milk or eggs ... Maybe ... Close by grocery store ... Open 24 hrs - but count on it ... If you have a need for something specific - there's a good chance they will be out of it or have discontinued carrying it ... This place is not dependable for the real groceries... Go to Harris Teeter or Trader Joes for that ... This is good for creamer or milk or eggs ... Maybe ...  Also watch the cashiers - famous for over charges and not giving credit for coupons even after they're mentioned to them ... Most definitely pay attention to your charges !  and I don't really care what the rest of the store is like. The mere fact that they carry these incredible flavor bombs in and of itself make this a 5 Star Store." Eggs and milk are about all you can count on here - anything they happen to have you need is pure luck! Everything is overpriced. Customer service is ok. There's a few great ladies here. The rest are dull "This is my favorite place. I almost gets everything I want from here. I got a bi lo card which is free; on which I get number of offers on many things. I always buy grocery items like milk It's down by pineville but the fact that they're a little cheaper than other places around Charlotte means it's worth the drive." Great to have a real Japanese market with all the essentials for Japanese cooking.  and of course snacks! What surprised me is the selection of books and a DVD section! There is also a small section for household goods and a nice sized sake and beer section in the back. The staff is friendly the store clerks that work there are way nice and make me feel like i'm in japan again."  variety choice at a reasonable price.  I love their frozen tofu stuffs and frozen fish balls. I put these for my homemade hot pot.  They also have some vegetables and snacks. They are at Westinghouse in Pineville "We went to Hatoya when we stayed in NC for a weekend.  I wish we lived there so I can go there so often.  I enjoyed books "Small selection. Yelp should label this as a small Japanese store. There is not much other Asian food and it's very tiny. They had great things but I was looking for more Chinese things I will be back when I need spring roll or Lumpia wrappers. Staff was friendly & answered my questions. We didn't stay long & see everything because they didn't have several of the items I needed to make Pho." "The staff is super friendly and willing to help at a moments notice. I was greeted with a smile and they allowed me the space I needed to explore. If your looking for authentic products Bingo! So happy I found this place! They had everything I was looking for. I will be a constant customer. From UCC coffee to cuttlefish and cutlery. This is the spot! I know I will be back. I guess I'm just going to have to make a regular run from Greenville every month or so to stock up." Outdoor seating with great people watching coming on & off the Lynx."  local grocer that has all of your needs in the food department. They also serve up some lunch but I haven't had any so I can't speak to that. If I were to work uptown It's also kind of nice to be able to pick up some fancy-pants groceries while stopping in on a lunch break. I like looking forward to dinner while I'm at work  but i will say the sushi is yummy and normally priced.  the tizerts cakes are so delish i would eat them until i died."  watching the light-rail train go by. If you're not usually uptown much  grab a small bite at the cafe or hot bar and sit indoors or outdoors (and watch the lightrail pass by).  Again  and the cuts.  every one who thinks its more expensive You will be sorely missed! An icon of Charlotte. And at one point the only market in Uptown!  get $.10 off a gallon). This Bi Lo is a questionable location but it's the closest Bi Lo in the area and surprisingly clean with helpful staff. The po po is patrolling this place like crazy.......in daylight. I kinda want to go at night to see what it's like. It may not have the ambiance of the Teet but it offers cheaper prices which is mighty fine with me." They have great prices very competitive. Store is well organized and has friendly staff. I have not tried any of their hot food or deli but overall the store is pretty decent. Good meat selections and has a small wine selection along with an average beer selection. Nothing wrong with this place I have seen. "Just moved to the area and knew we would have very few options for groceries but was pleasantly surprised by this Bi Lo.  Clean and tidy store with an actual deli and bakery area. Decent selection of fresh vegetables including an organic area. There are limited seafood and red meat selections but an overwhelming amount of back fat pork products. Wish the wine selection was better but can't expect miracles from a glorified Winn Dixie. Staff is not friendly  I end up with at least one expired item in my cart even though I'm pretty diligent about checking. I told a manager and he wrote down most of the areas that were suspect (bacon and packaged meats GVMx0qWOJIJTuVAGeg71UA  HOPE...""  I guess Hope has trouble hearing?) They were focused on speeding up and slowing down quickly in the parking lot and almost ran into our car." They're open til 10pm on weekends which is nice.  Our movie at Phillips Place Stadium was sold out so we came in to grab a sandwich and easily killed an hour in the cafe area while waiting for the next showing.  On my next visit I'll browse the wine selection.  This is a great date spot with lots of hip young foot traffic.  so you can really stock up on every nice thing you need to fill a pantry or fridge (if you've got the bucks). Great coffees The atmosphere is very chilled and the interior has the feel of being in a winery basement.  I prefer to sit at one of the hightops near the front door or outside While strolling around Phillips Place before or after a movie (and I'm not in the mood for alcohol at the Dean & Deluca wine bar across the street) I like buying bread there and on my way out  but it is such a nice experience to see beautiful food! (But I had to laugh because their stock shelves look like the wire shelves you can buy at Walmart...so the next time I looked in my pantry I said  but I usually like to sit inside. I wish they had D&D Wine Bar in other locations!!"  only one of which was really good.  The rest were bland and totally uninteresting.  Caviar & Bananas in Charleston  & coffee.  The gourmet takeouts are hit or miss." Diane told me that Dean & Deluca had great sushi.  She was right on.  We had an inexpensive bottle of Italian white wine and a small sushi roll.  Great service and beautiful weather.  What more could you ask for on a Sunday afternoon?  but in the meantime happy to have lime shrimp and a little pink can of Sofia for lunch.."  etc while you sip..  great place to go before or after a movie at the cinema located in the same plaza..."  they put out grill cheeses wrapped in paper to serve with a cup of soup.  What a great idea!  They also had some jars of soup for $11 They also have a ton of great drinks like Saranac cream soda  but the choices are so well selected you won't make a mistake if you don't know anything.  The small plates are Really good.  Patio is great for people watching.  The wine flights are perfect for trying out new things! Love going here with girlfriends after a good movie right down the street(walking distance) at Phillips place theater." Would I shop here regularly? If I made so much money that a 50 percent mark up on standard exotics didn't ruffle my feathers "Great place to meet a divorcee and tell her about your job doing ""inside sales"" whatever in the hell that is supposed to mean . . . you are a failure."  I'm a big fan of their wine flights. They are reasonably priced and offer patrons a great trio of vino fun. I've tried a few red flights and their bubbly flight. All were generous pours  tomato basil mozzarella napoleon and the tuna crisp are all excellent.  Nice wine flights and outside seating.  Also the people watching here is excellent "If you're used to the ""right coast"" or ""left coast"" locations of this place  it's worth the splurge every now and then. We all deserve something nice (and tasty) right?" This is one chain that I'm a fan of :)" And probably leave with a bag full of treats."  I can't say I'd purposely drive out to this location if I wasn't meeting a group but if you are in the area Oy! Sensory overload.  Be careful or you might hurt yourself trying not to pass out from all the yummy choices or destroy your budget after you discover this place~ "3.5 rating - Staff was fairly rude.  We were a large party ~20.  Each of us ordered 2 small plates & at least 1 glass if not a bottle of wine.  We were in the corner towards the bar & restrooms.  The staff was a complete nightmare about us putting tables together to accomodate our party & not spread us across the restaurant.  We had called ahead to let them know & they had told us this would not be an issue.  We had 1 server & he acted as if it was an imposition to provide wine recommendations.  His attitude seemed to be just hurry up & make a selection already.  There were 2 other servers there who split the other tables.  The food itself was good.  The sushi rolls were a generous & one roll was enough for 2 people. I would have liked a little more sauce that was used. The rice was very sticky & definitely needed the wine to get it down.  Overall the taste & the combinations were good.  Sampled a bit of small plates from others - hummus was a ok Periodically they have live music and outside seating when the weather is nice outside. This place is a must to visit if you love a variety of wines an energetic feel and good food."  and I think the walnut raisin bread was better when they did it themselves.  Samples are a nice thing.  Atmosphere is good lvF28EWhzb0b2qHVF3_XlQ Great use of space offering a ""just what I need"" time to relax and enjoy your company. It's classy Snooty but way better than other corporate alternatives. The wine room is a great place to have a glass of wine before or after a movie or shopping. The outside patio is pleasant and the service is great. There's always something for everyone at all hours of the day - coffee bar "A little too pricey sandwich-wise Great night time hang out." PS:  I sometimes play the ""guess how much"" game with my friends.  Siracha hot sauce that costs $1.60+ at the Asian market is about $6 at D&D.  Same with a bottle of avocado oil. I've gotten the same brand at Target for about 1 3rd less."  ""Your Challenge Begins NOW"" and I had this overwhelming urge to run into the stores and think up of a signature dish.   Been watching too much Top Chef Chopped Hell's Kitchen Cooking Channel ....." I hope they fix this issue soon!!" I've used them in the past for catering & their presentation is  very professional."  Dean and Deluca went above and beyond in improving my perception of the market.  Way to go!" I will definitely be back...before the summer is over and I WILL get a seat outside and feel very cosmo:)" hODaBUYzv0AbApej_bfZ-w The service was excellent and we had a great time!  This a is great spot to meet up with friends and enjoy the atmosphere."  but it has bit of cinnamon which remind me of christmas) so it and happy day for me!!"  delicious foods.  If I had a few million dollars in the bank Decent coffee - far and away better than other chains. Excellent breakfast and lunch food.  but in practice they're kind of overpriced. I have no qualms about paying for quality Oh and yes their soups are excellent BTW" I came here with a friend after dinner for a glass of wine and to relax since we had missed our movie.  I have to say my 5 stars is solely based on the wine!!  It was probably one of the best if not the best Pinot Noir I've had in a long time... the staff of 1 as it was a Tuesday night was a really nice guy and very attentive.  It has been really mild for winter and was relatively warm so we sat outside.  The 'bartender' made sure to take care of us even out there.  Definitely will go again and try more wines as well as maybe some of their tapas.  It's a great place for an after work wine-down :-)  like me you will love." "Had a networking meeting here and it is a great atmosphere!  Loved it Dean and Deluca I like you but I just can't afford you. However the quality of the items here is fairly high and there are always yummy samples around the store so it's worth a stop most of the time. My philosophy for shopping here is going to be eat $5 worth of samples before you buy the $10 product that should be priced at $5. Please don't judge me." For the price and quality of it's products I'd probably look somewhere else." It's also one of the only places that you can buy Christopher Elbow chocolates in North Carolina." We visited after dinner last weekend and absolutely loved it.  We even fell in love with a new wine (Laurel Glenn (Cab)).  It's less than $40 and rivals that of Silver Oak.  Highly impressed.  We also sampled a Pinot flight which was exactly what I needed after the wine I had already enjoyed!  Love the set up... Love the staff... Love the wine.  Perfect fit for the neighborhood!  Can't wait to go back!  (One hope is that they will get a good Chianti)  there isn't a really easy place to walk up to the entrance if you park around back near the construction side of the building. I've been parking on the opposite side of the building and walking down the sidewalk. Just a thought if you want to avoid any and all construction. Looking forward to seeing the finished renovation!" Dean & Deluca is a civilized place. Classical music playing outside. Real dishes and silverware for those dining on the patio when I came for lunch yesterday. While Dean & Deluca's remodel is beautiful and their food upscale and consistently exceptional be wary of the cray lunch lines. Grab freshly made to go sushi or brave the sandwich salad line - it will move faster than expected. This isn't a cheap lunch a salad could you run your $10 or $11- my favorite prime rib sandwich is huge but $8.50. No five dollar foot longs here. Dean & Deluca is always a great place to grab a delicous hostess gift and if you can't park by the store and their double patios just park around the corner in the deck behind the movie theatre and Upstream. Pros - we've been a few times for the sandwiches. The Ham & Brie is awesome (and pretty stacked) and runs for $7.75. I have also tried the Italian - it is also pretty stacked and yummy The service was funny and attentive (the place started  getting busier as lunch wore on).  I look forward to going back for date night!"  just like other reviews stated it can be a bit pricey but since the items are so unique and freshly made in my opinion they are worth the few extra bucks!" "Great upscale selection. Desserts  scallops with lentils that were drenched in butter (very good) and carrot cake for dessert. I was somewhat skeptical to order the from this menu because I wasn't sure it would be worth the $30. The portions were large and the food was good. I always love the wine flights here and had a white and red flight. Great chocie if you want to sample a few wines. Overall I like the new place but I still miss the coziness of the old place. I also wonder if they will be able to have live music here like they did at the other place."  but instead of admitting as much so many chose to praise the place instead.  Sad really  after dinner and a movie (which was my case) or for the date itself. Perfect for a night out with the girls. A very convenient and popular Charlotte location. Update from spring  and staff completely unhelpful.  I can not wait for A Southern Season to open in Charlotte and give D & D some competition."  and did not get back to me about a certain salami I had inquired about. I was disappointed.  So never again will I order anything other than the desserts.  Also ...I just wish there was a Dean & Deluca in Every City!"  across the street from the Dean & Deluca store. It has now been moved into a new addition to the store."  is now attached to the grocery section of the store." "I had such a good experience today in Dean and Deluca. A super friendly employee chatted me up while he was dishing out my favorite tomato and mozzarella side dish. He was extremely polite and engaging. The exchange made me feel like I was a regular and I left the store feeling extremely positive. I'm a huge fan of business that hire people with engaging smiles and friendly dispositions. Having said that  you will be charged an additional $15.00 (corkage) regardless of the number of bottles ordered or your total bill for the evening. I was told that Corporate wants to increase the ""per bottle"" revenue. After enjoying the friendly ambience of the Wine Bar at its old location Used to be a regular wino at the former Phillips Place locale. Have given this new spot several chances and it has disappointed each time. Service is spotty and knowledge of wine   training of servers has dropped significantly. The flourescent lighting is horrid indoors and the outdoor patio is scattered with groccery patrons. Sad to say I've given up even though this is the closest wine bar to my neighborhood.  the service was horrible. We waited 10 min before anybody asked us if we would like anything. Eveytime we wanted more coffe we had to ask. After food was delivered was never checked on again. The place was not crowded."  and wine selection this store is a true gem. I wandered the aisles to check things out and decided to hit the food bar and ordered the chicken wrap  sleek and modern. The windows allow light in and they offer tasty flights (of wine) throughout the week. It can be pricey but with good service  bottle made more sense.  Bottle was $16 - waitress then informed us there was a new pricing directive from the managers  - they were required to charge a corkage fee on top of the bottle - WHAT???? I could understand a corkage fee on a bottle we picked from their retail area but something listed on the menu - and to make matters worse  - CORKAGE FEE WAS $15.00!!! Outrageous and we should have moved on.  But I would visit the Wine Room again if I wanted to relax with a glass or two of wine My suggestions to order: The Lobster 'BLT' Sliders and the Vanilla Strawberry Mini Cake - both of these are memorable.  In fact hODaBUYzv0AbApej_bfZ-w My favorite place to get a coffee.  Nice and clean with delicious (if overpriced) desserts.  certainly not better than what can be purchased elsewhere for less. I guess I just expect quality comensurate with cost  but management clearly has some issues. I didn't really see a manager on duty while we were there.. just a bunch of young kids trying to do their best."  the service is just ok. It look several minutes to be greeted after we sat at the bar. We ordered the tuscan beans with crostini and the calamari.  Both were good. I don't know if the wine pour was a usual for them  you could have a really good thing I'll be back to D&D but not to the wine room!" D&D also serves a pretty decadent breakfast.  I went for brunch the past Sunday.  The chocolate chip pancakes are amazing  I would have had room in my bags. We were there for a late dinner. I actually thought they were closed as it was just before 9. We started with a bottle of Parcel 141. I ordered the Chilean Seabass. Very light and flaky with a mild buttery taste. The server was on top of us for the whole meal. Aces to this place  quite large and full of flavor. Our server was top notch. Very attentive and kept the wine glasses full. They also had a full market attached to the place. All kinds of goodies to be had. we took some pies for the road. I had the pecan and was eating it on the plane "Wow.  Worst service ever.  Such a beautiful place.   Sat outside for 20 min with no service.  Moved inside and had to go to bar to get wine. Waitress showed up 10 min later.  Will not come back until they change entire staff  and we eventually had to ask the hostess for drinks. Servers all looked like they hated working there and kept disappearing into the market for very long periods of time while diners had to ask for checks or drink refills. We won't be back." Love the restaurant an ambiance but the waiter we had was horrible an did not make are 1st time there a pleasant memory. We're there for a birthday an we told the waiter we like sweeter wines like moscato an Riesling wines an he said okay repeated it back an walked off.  Didn't discuss or make suggestions offer a sample because we were planning on a bottle each. So he just brought us his selection an didn't tell us price until I asked. Didn tell us what the bottles were or about them. Just opened them up an poured.  He brought us a champagne an a semi dry Riesling. Neither of what we wanted when I said sweet. So that just killed are mood. We were not going to buy anything else. We'll after he delivered he disappeared when we said were not buying more. Took 30 min after we finished to get the check.  and of course the amazing bakery & cheese area.  I only give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it is pricey.  I really wish they would open a location in Atlanta This has always been awesome place on my list of places to shop or have a sandwich went recently and had a fantastic lunch.  all these locations are excellent.  The know their stuff." "I love to eat here and pick up specialty grocery items too. Their tuna salad with lemon zest in it is fab and so is the rotisserie chicken salad. My kids love to make custom sandwiches at the sandwich bar. I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious. It's trendy  and love that they have a great wine selection. Their draft beer selection is weak. The food was okay  he said he would talk to the chef about it (I smell bull) and refunded me. He also offered me a free lunch on the house which I turned down. I'm not looking for a freebie Good Irish cream latte though I will say I have been to this location twice and neither time were they friendly.  So watch out for the chill in the air.  The seating outside is beautiful with the water fountain right in front of it.  I have yet to try their food but the location is south park is much better! Overall my experience was good. I'd go back again and give it a second chance to earn at least another star."  I keep coming back for the hot sandwiches no matter how many times I get burned by the customer service."  if I lived here I doubt I'd hang here much.  There must be a lot better value for the $$$ at other wine bars."  and I'd be quite happy if they ever thought to return back to the Queen City. Probably better for my budget that they don't though..." hODaBUYzv0AbApej_bfZ-w "So this place is super fancy. And get ready to shell out the $$$ for the average meal or drink. But having said that hODaBUYzv0AbApej_bfZ-w  the food that was served was of good quality and fresh.  Delivery was on time and professional.  The price was typical of business lunch cost.  I would use Dean & Deluca for a business event again." The selection of wine is both tasteful and extensive. I only had a small Asian salad however it was one of the best I have ever had everything was fresh crisp and delicious.  etc.? Affirmative to that as well. BEST PREMIUM cheese selection in Charlotte. If there is better PLEASE TELL ME!" Got an amaxing roast beef sandwich from the sandwich bar - made to order.  Coffee was excellent as well.  Looking through their market section & had a question - Brittany was just walking by but was quite helpful.  they also have a large shopping area filled with kitchen items and food preparation supplies.  My fav part is their olive bar!  It rivals Harris Teeter!   Stop in for the best experience you can hope for with food!!  Cheers!" "Mixed experience here. Had we just stayed on the market side it would be fine. We bought dessert and a coffee and headed into the wine bar. A server told us to wait for the hostess and the hostess said we made a grave error by attempting to get a table while already having food. They would have to plate the food and pour the coffee into mug since they were a full service side. And that's fine Went there for a afternoon lunch on a Saturday. It's really clean and the staff were welcoming an friendly. The food was great and the wine was wonderful. This is a great play for foodies or a now brunch with the girls. They have the items on the menu in the store which is a huge plus. Coming from Chicago where there are several now restaurants I would recommend this place.  and good spirited and attentive service. And they recently added valet parking making a visit to Phillips Place on a Fri or Saturday night seamless." Great spot for a quick lunch. Salads and wraps are very fresh and delivered with enthusiasm and a smile.  Can't wait for a sunny day to enjoy the patio!  Could clear tables more quickly.  beautiful food presentation. The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable. Anywho! Since I have the day off!!! Yay me! I decided to visit one of my Yelp Bookmarked locations for breakfast. I ordered the Smoked Salmon Bagel Breakfast Sandwich with a side of fruit. Seriousl!!!! I just Died 5 deaths....this Bagel Sandwich is Sooo flavorful....  I'm a sucker for smoked salmon!!!! Ugh!! Also its topped with egg Have a chance and see if you like it Perfect wine spot and just bought some of the Kumi Tea Essentials which are fabulous!"  it's a bit too expensive for their quality. I had the shrimp and grits and it was...not good. They significantly overcook their shrimp. The spaghetti and mussels were pretty good though." "If there was a zero stars this place deserves it for the unprofessional management I recently paid 329.00 dollars for food I had ordered  here. I failed to check my order as I was 8 months pregnant carrying the order to my car. I chose to order from this place because I had an important dinner I wanted to have ready for my guest but when I arrived home the sushi that was suppose to go with the picture in the menu was not in the basket. I called and spoke to the catering manager and he told me that it was my fault and that he couldn't do anything about it. My guest had already arrived and I couldn't do a thing about it it but send my daughter back into rush hour traffic to get the rest of the food to go with the basket. The treatment I got from the staff and the catering person from this place was beyond my belief. Not only were they unapologetic but they just gave me the sushi off their ready made shelf and acted like they were doing me a favor by giving it to me like I was the one in the wrong. I ordered the food according to their pictures but the product did not come out as they posted and they blamed me for their mistakes. They charged 160.00 for the crap basket they faked and yell at their customers for their own mistakes. Why would a basket come with shrimp a new York based company Great wines. Sommelier was great in offering to try new wines. Atmosphere is very upscale and and romantic.  pastries and drinks. If you're not in a hurry you can also sit in the wine room or espresso bar! I come here often for the ""create your own salad"" with fresh and filling ingredients!" Really cool place has a separate dining area with a separate menu but they have tons of options plus several free samples throughout store. They have great pastries and candies plus dips wines and pretty much something for everyone. You could spend a ton of time just walking around and looking at all the great items. I had a chicken caesar which was solid. Being from out of town its a cool place to bring guests and just a great experience. If visiting Charlotte I highly recommend stopping by. "I have always loved Dean and Deluca. Their food is delicious and fresh and they have a lot of options. I typically get the medium salad with chicken which is $10.50 lb and mine usually comes out to around $11. Last night I got a salad here and when I went to check out the salad was $20!!! The guy put SO MANY toppings on it and then he also gave me six salad dressings.. SIX! I specifically told him this was a for here salad for me but he packed everything in there so tight my salad was two pounds. I was in such shock at the register that I paid for the salad but could not believe this. I have never had a salad that packed in there before  he'd make sure we got ""The Burger"" as well as the truffle fries (YES!). We went on a Friday night and they had live music which was also amazing and entertaining! Love this place and would definitely recommend it to anyone."  but the wife's crabcake was better. I still like red meat better so no regrets. The calamari was just right for a starter What a nice place. wish there was a bit of better explanation of what to do but it tasted wonderful. A bit pricey but I could tell that when I walked in. I really enjoyed the food though  bakery and sit down entrees for breakfast lunch and dinner! My husband and I went one morning for breakfast and both got the yummy applewood smoked bacon bfkt sandwich. It was SO good!! (just wish they used uncured meat  the entree came out before we finished our first course - not a good sign.  And each time food was brought out the server had to ask who had what - I expect more from fine dining.  The deserts were good - especially the banana pudding but the portion was small.  It's a great place to go for after work for a glass of wine and maybe some appetizers but I can think of better places to go for dinner."  I love the baked goods and the eclectic mix of goods you don't find in other places. If you're a foodie you should definitely check it out!" "I'm a huge fan of Dean & Deluca. I grew up going to the South Park location. My friend and I were both in town for New Years and we planned to meet up here. She has the same fond memories of this location. At first I thought we were to meet in the store as we have done in the past. So I grabbed a cup of coffee. I misunderstood and she was waiting for me in the wine room. They made a big deal about bringing the coffee into the wine room. I told the hostess I would order wine and planned to eat there. My friend was seated with wine when I got there. They made me feel uncomfortable but I shrugged it off because I was happy to see my friend. I was dressed causally with jeans and a regular black shirt and a tailored jacket. I had just driven four hours from Atlanta so I probably looked tired and frazzled. Hence why I needed the coffee. My girlfriend had a couture dress and was dressed to go out. It was later in the evening around 9:00 There is a large area inside for dining and also a few tables outside. They actually also have a Wine Bar Restaurant but I haven't been there so I can't speak to it." Not a whole lotta reason to go there anymore but they can afford to sponsor a shitty TX golf tournament Bartenders and waitstaff are super nice. Always treated nicely no matter the time of day or occasion. Food is a little expensive but good. The best wine bar around!! I love this place." "Beautiful upscale atmosphere in one of the prettiest shopping centers in Charlotte. Great coffee and tea Definitely ask for a sample before you get any container of a dish from the casing  it's not that good but it sure beats Bi-Lo." Bottom line: Harris Teeter is a pleasure to shop at no matter what you're ""in the market"" for - quite literally!  Happy shopping!" gfQriEp9aqLZgMhRSU5KJw  they still don't have their act together. It's Saturday morning and there are only two checkouts open. Really? Self checkout registers are rarely open; floor is half installed (tripped on this twice); merchandise mell pell all over the store blocking aisles...even though I live a block from this HT Check out the Hand made Pizza station." I've yet to find a Teeter in the Charlotte area that isn't top notch. This one is clean and bright and well stocked. Shopping cart was perfect and my cashier was super friendly. Great frozen section.  very attentive Clean and organized." It's a really nice Teeter I will say it always seems to be under stocked whenever I go there. But that could be just the day I go is before there truck is in. Staff is friendly and the place is kept clean! "My husband and I went grocery shopping here on a  Monday evening... bad idea. The shelves were almost bare and what was left was a mess and disorganized. This is unusual for this store  but higher prices on everything else.  You can't win them all Favorite middle of the line grocery store - always well stocked with groceries and all full staff to assist!  Produce is fresh Meats and seafood are reasonable and butcher will accommodate any portion request ! Hot food bar and fresh flowers are just several of the reasons I love My Harris Teeter I use the online shopping from this store. They are great. On the rare occasions something was missed on my order they drove it to my house. They are always polite. Great a+ service  they do carry everything you could possibly need. ...even a nice wine section.  The staff is always kind and friendly." "Kristina did return an item i bought on clearance that was expired as of last year. It made me sick. Adam backed her up. I felt i was in Walmart!! I have shopped at harris teeter park road for over 9 years. I have spent over 6 thousand dollars easy as it is my #1 store. I have 3 boys who keep me shopping. Staff is always amazing amazing usually. I have witnessed same manager return a cake only 2 slices left. Lady who was Different than me said was hair in it?? Returned with smiles and no hassle. I hope store does not start going down hill. I heard Publics treats customers well. Shame on them. Store manager Mike had Kristina make return  I could have gotten sicker if I didn't stop taking the pills. I have shopped at harris before most of the current employees and current store manager Mike. Likely and hopefully will continue to shop there when they leave. Dont start going down hill. My Master's degree took me 10 years because I'm a single working mom. I worked hard to not have to live "Just came from walmart. 1:24 a.m.  Went to harris teeter about 11:30. Tried to buy  about 100.00 worth of groceries at self checkout. Attempted to substitute 4 Evian waters for following work day. Only offer was a raincheck!!! Refused to substitute as I see other customers do All the time!! 2 employees confirmed no more waters in back. Still no fair and normal customer service offered to me?? I left everything The best Kebalsy in town. Very friendly and helpful staff. When I return next time I will make sure and try some more of their items.  moving to Charlotte and finding this store made this town a jewel even more!! They have everything you need and more when it comes to Russian European produce. Good beer selection  Ukrainian etc.  There is a good selection of deli meats.  The staff is helpful.  Of all the Eastern European stores this is the one I frequent most often."  treats and dairy. They had an extensive selection of pierogies and dumplings. They had fresh bread from Nova's Bakery and also delicious poppyseed rolls. The shelves were filled with all sorts of kitchen staples and they had lots of different candies and chocolates  and it is a great place to get a cooked meal as well.  I ordered a small oxtail plate with rice n peas and cabbage and 2 codfish fritters to go and was very satisfied with my meal.  It was hot  "They have a Caribbean grocery store with a peculiar selection of herbal remedies. That is not what I went there for. The main attraction is their restaurant. A friend recommended the jerk chicken I definitely recommend this place but just make sure you are hungry when you go!" The best goat roti in Charlotte! I do want to go back and give it another try before I give up on this place" All the grocery items I need are also here. Will be back!"  I found some great curry powders and other items for a recipe.  I also tried the food since it was around lunch-I tried the curry chicken with cabbage and rice ...it was just ok so I'll stick to buying their curry powder for now." "When I moved to Charlotte I was craving some patties and this place has the best ones I've tasted here (so far). The curry goat is very good  I'm just wondering how you're out of plantains when you have a grocery store inside of your business. We've found better Jamaican food restaurants in Charlotte and will not be back to Island Grocery." CKJkZ7qOQl7uK3Dz0ViLNw I am from Guyana and I am glad this place exists. I am able to buy what I need without having to wait for someone to travel back home and THEN bring the items back.  I have had some of the food there before and I thought it was pretty good.  I will going there to pick up some Casareep and some  Pholourie Mix.  and the stew chicken is fall off the bone tender. I've eaten here a few times and the service tends to be friendly  you don't expect speedy service so that's a given. Decided to order two patties and the mac and cheese. The patties were decent and the mac and cheese didn't have much seasoning. I've never tried the jerk chicken  I've been on the search to find good Jamaican food and I'm so glad I found this place. It's a half hour drive from my house and it's well worth the drive. The service of the staff is great Had lunch special. Jerk chicken with 2 sides fur only 5.50 and includes a can soda. Chicken was good but not as spicy as I would have liked. Store also has many authentic Caribbean food and spices. I would go back again. "Worst customer service. Don't buy groceries here because you'll be stuck with stale and dry products that they refuse to exchange (not even asking for a refund).  They don't even have a non-return policy posted but yet blame the customer for having ""unrealistic expectations"" of their products. Not worth it. Never again." Great little place! Went there strictly to eat. Ordered the jerk chicken with fried plantains and white rice and a ginger beer. Delicious! Got a small portion and definitely thought they had made a mistake and given me a large. This is a great little spot for lunch. Not a lot of room though. when i first moved to charlotte this store was origanally krogers.  you'll get .15 per gallon off from several gas stations.  No joke.  Please keep in mind that this is Albemarle Rd  do your shopping elsewhere." Pretty chill. Lines were short during the evening so that was convenient. At a quarter to nine this store has two security guards in front and one inside the store.  The parking lot is riddled with potholes.  The clientele just seem like family people trying to buy groceries Very busy and the staff is really friendly only reason for the 3 stars is the store itself seems run down and there's a lot of security which isn't conducive for causal grocery shopping not to mention the minimal selection they have and a parking lot with more pot holes than parking spaces I will shop here again...."  but with a better selection available for what I usually purchase. I do shop elsewhere on occasion for things HT does not carry and more convenience as there are a few closer stores." "This store is well put together and in a shopping center close to rite-aid  however their selection is greater and quality of their product is higher. I generally stop here once or twice a week for dinner items and am never disappointed.  The staff s friendly and always helpful  weekly specials and coupons always make my trips to Harris Teeter exciting. They have the best deals.  I'm new to couponing but I'm definitely convinced it's worth it!"  they were completely out of the advertised crab meat. The butcher lady initially said that there was a recall. Then she said that the meat had been discontinued and she wasn't sure why they would advertise it. I concluded that she didn't really know why it had been pulled. Nevertheless Just stood in line while two cashiers discussed bad customer service at another location without even acknowledging my presence! How ironic! Well for that wonderful example of 'customer service' you get one star. And you don't even deserve that! "I love their ready made foods! It's a bit pricey with most items but I enjoyed a 1 2 turkey & swiss panini for ~$3.50 today. My husband devoured the most beautiful rotisserie chicken breast either of us had ever seen. If they sold Naked Juice  and an impressively large produce section.  But you'd kind of expect that from a store like this.  They also had a very good deli  and they have a nice deli with loads of sammies.  I like the juice selection and if I was holding onto a little more money this is where I would always shop.  Better than Earth Fare  I'd have given the Fresh Market a higher rank...and if they would just carry toilet paper. Nobody wants to have to make two trips..." Every time I leave a Fresh Market with my bag o' goodies  so the prepared food case is heaven for me. It is affordable and very good. For some other things the prices are a little higher but the quality is well worth it.  I keep a look out for the weekly specials. When something is on sale the prices are usually right on par with Harris Teeter. The staff is always very nice and helpful. The people at the deli don't even get annoyed with me when I need 2 slices of 3 different cheeses to make badass grilled cheese sandwiches (which are the extent of my culinary skills). The bakery makes me drool.  Oh  if i go again and have a better experience "You go here for the quality and not the bargains.  This should be immediately evident upon walking in to the sounds of classical music and free samples of pt.  One other benefit is that the employees are competent  meats (raw and cooked). They have everything you'd need from a grocery store and ALL of the registers have a cashier( who is helpful AND pleasant!) I bought a cooked turkey breast while I was in there because it looked o nice...oh my goodness. it was the best turkey I have ever eaten! Just delicious! And they have so much to choose from "Go on the weekends for a surprise good time! Free wine tastings  and produce (while going to Walmart or Target for the rest)  I can see me returning for a salad or wrap in the very near future!"  and are not that expensive. The cashiers are normally very friendly and I like the store setup."  but the rest of it is totally true... This place was great... It literally has a market feel with regular box store quantities...  Had an awesome time with the staff... They helped me around since I know I looked like a deer in headlights....  It was a wonderful shopping experience and that was truly some of the best produce I've had..." Another tip they have an amazing candy selection that is great for stocking stuffers and easter baskets!!" "More stuff than Trader Joe's and closer to us in Tega Cay We all know that in Charlotte we have plenty of grocery stores so you're not stuck to one location or one store because surely there is a Harris Teeter on the next corner from wherever you are.  Fresh Market used to set the bar  and meat. Just going into The Fresh Market puts me into a feeling of such indulgence. I love feasting my eyes on the desserts and baked goods. They are so gorgeous. They have a large selection of prepared foods. I have never tasted them  prices are alright....but what has changed is the customer service. Especially in the deli. Its downright awful and has been for awhile. So bad i have walked out and i have seen others do the same. Employees will stand around chatting with each other while guests line up. Or they will just continue to clean the counters as guests wait without even being acknowledged. There is zero sense of urgency or caring  and and when they finally do ask for your order its comes across more like you are bothering them. I have sworn this store off many times. When i do occasionally end up here i feel gross that i am actually patronizing a shop that thinks its cool to treat customers this way. Ugh If you haven't been here you're really missing out on a great store !" I love The Fresh Market. It's great!"  Dave is excellent- a nice guy and is happy to roll up his sleeves and help when they're busy- and if you like service with a smile and to be treated just a little extra special I work for another grocer in the area. If I acted the way these employees did  gluten free and low sodium no salt options. They have a really night peach siracha jam thats yummy...its expensive though. My only complaint is its really pricey compared to trader joes  I stopped in for just a few things that I needed for the weekend.  The first thing I noticed at the opening doors was the smell - it smelled odd (I won't be more specific This store needs organization. It is not the first time that I have encountered unfriendly staff here." They have good deals on the Friday sub sandwich.  It is delicious Built at a time they couldn't give land away or finish a project on Carmel. Evident entirely by the shoddy layout of the complex. The corner could use a gas station. Plenty of space. It's the only area in town devoid of any convenience leaving you to drive in many directions to compensate."  especially given the fact that they got rid of their self-checkout registers.  This place is one of the biggest grocery store chains in Charlotte and this particular location is next to one of the biggest college campuses in the state (UNC Charlotte) Faster and better than Wal-Mart nearby if you don't mind paying a few cents more. You 'll get the essentials here. Food Lion is really the underdog with this area being dominated by Harris Teeter and Walmart right down the road from this store.  I wouldn't be surprised to see it close."  and friendly. We were in and out within about 15 minutes. Had no problem finding things here The organic produce selection is slightly larger than that of Bi-Lo  but there is good signage.  The last time I was where they were redoing the slate floor in the entrances "This is always my go-to store for groceries. Customer service is always up to par. All cashiers are friendly and efficient. What I really like is that the sled checkout is always open. You don't have to wait "Clean and organized as all Teeters are. Great produce and meat section. All the shelves were stocked  meats and ready to eat food items. I like the new bread they are using for the subs. Sushi can be made per your order and the bakery doesn't have the fruit flies in the baked goods...nice job!" This location is super convenient and close to other necessities like pharmacies and gas stations (and I'm coffee shops!) Very clean and parking lot doesn't usually get crazy til the weekend.  but other wise it's clean and confident. Staff is friendly but deli is way over priced" The store seems small because of how they set the aisles together and cram things around the endcaps." I think it's a little pricey for items that aren't on sale and don't do the majority of my grocery shopping here for that reason. But it's a good place to stop and pick any odds and ends items that I may need for dinner that night." "This is a clean grocery store with great customer service. My last visit was specifically for sour cream to make a crab dip. I was able to get in and out in less than 10 minutes. Being an eVic customer "Beware of the salad bar around 6pm. Last night the lettuce was wilted and the chicken salad had a yellowish film over it. Unfortunately  well-stocked and the store is very well managed.  Employees are courteous and customer service is outstanding.  A big 'hats-off' to Rosario "This store is clean with easy parking.  The staff seems pretty nice.  It is a close store to my job  and I can't even compare the two to each other. Food Lion is just ten times better." The only other grocer that is near by is a run down Harris Teeter and a walmart. Of the three  they need to hire more people or put self checkout back! Its always lines!" This store is open until 11pm every night. Make sure you have an MVP card if you do run in here. Every time I pop in to grab something  they served a pretty good meal. With my expectations based on appearance and location  make a great quick lunch place.  And that beer walk-in chest is very tempting during lunch :)"  owner Peggy is a sharp-tongued Boston lady who firmly believes the customer is not always right. Don't be offended "I love Dixie Grill! It's a fun little place tucked away from all the hustle and bustle of your work day. Family owned and has great atmosphere!  Peggy the owner is one of the funniest ladies that will have you rolling out of your chair. Great food  Drive-ins and Dives.  Family owned makes it extra personable and special.  All the food is great.  I have never had anything bad and Donna makes the BEST BLT EVA!"  with an order of onion rings and fries.  The burger was just a great down home burger.  The onion rings Philly cheese steak was awesome. Owner Ms. Peggy came on a little strong at first for my liking but she is a character and a cool lady. This place is a total dive but the food is great and its cheap. It's out of the way and easy to miss but it's worth a trip to check it out.  they don't really stock many groceries." "This place is awesome. We stopped here after arriving from the airport. The Philly and Shrimp Po' Boy were fantastic  I guess Peggy was telling people they had to move for some of the regulars!    Seems to take care of people  and had a very good cheeseburger at the same time. It was a lot of fun. The burger was really good for a grill & the homemade chips were off the charts! The grill was filled with men who enjoyed being yelled at by the female owner! Good times & good food! Don't take young kids" "Food was great and not expensive at all. Good ol southern people! Wish there were more around Everything i've had here is good. I highly recommend the burgers! So Good!!!!!! This is one of the cleanest resturaunt ive ever been to & has great & delicious foods. I don't recall ever seeing a melon bar before  I enjoy shopping here and I will definitely be back!"  the unparalleled coffee drinks and extraordinary customer service at this location is EVERYTHING!!  GREAT STORE "the best harris teeter supermarket ever! they have a starbucks the Mgr.called us and waited for us to return for it.My family has been shopping here since 1998 and has always gotten great service  this one is out of the majority of products well before any of the other stores in the area... I guess they've just got a large clientele and not enough items to last... It's not bad  a long time ago. Good people and good customer service"  SC.  There is a perfect piece of land available too - at the intersection of 274 and 49 (where they split) near the entrance to Bethelfields."  but they make up for it in customer service "Great customer service experience with Chris who works as bagger   cashier. Great attitude  the pharmacy here is excellent. There's something awesome when they remember your name." I really enjoy the bean dip that they make here. If I come in and there isn't any I will ask and they will make it for me. Purchased some over the 4th of July weekend and it was a crowd pleaser. I also like shopping here when they have sales. I'm anticipating the opening of a new store closer to Berewick.  self checkout has been quick and easy. No need to stand and wait when I only have a few items. The store is also always clean and the staff always says hello. Great specials and deals on items for the holidays. Love the Vic Saver emails. I should also mention that for a grocery store  and always had a smell to it.  The produce wasn't always kept up well either.  Now Publix is across the street I can't imagine this Harris Teeter doing well.  The only thing Harris Teeter has to offer is a better coupon policy."  but everybody was nice and the problems were solved in short order. I also love the self-checkout. It cuts back on long wait times and the coupon kings.   Finally I ended up leaving and picking up the items I needed at the local Piggly Wiggly that looked downright palatial in comparison to this Pick n Save.  So much for my trip down (grocery) memory lane..." 8 out of 10 times I will drive all the way to Madison to another store." Can we PLEASE have a new grocery store already????"  I plan my grocery shopping so that I only have to shop there in a pinch. Otherwise Nc2SVDpWNJULkSime1JWSQ My one complaint is that the place is built like a maze.  You are forced through half of the deli area(where cost is the highest for me and margin is the highest for them) just to swing in and grab anything."  dirty store and untrained employees are what you will find here.  The staff is friendly and helpful  if I don't feel like heading over that way I could just stop at this Walmart to get maced by the grannies and listen to cooking recipes from Nina." It is a walmart so i never expect much but i think this is the smallest walmart i have ever seen! the selection was slim to non. and the school supplies were all over the store.  I dont think that i would ever go back to this store! the cashiers were very slow and the managment semi unapproachable!  then demolish this one and turn it into parking lot. I am waiting with baited breath." I was at Walmart the other day picking up a few things.  I was able to get right up to the cash register and the service was great. The guy asked if I found everything okay. He genuinely cared how my experience was.  I liked it a lot.  but it was an overall frustrating experience. Having the last part be the worst part didn't help." This is not unusual for Wally world these days.  Many locations run on a skeleton crew Either this place is set up oddly or I am because I can never find anything there. I wander around until either finding somebody or giving up (it's about 50 50)."  I've noticed the Copps on University on the westside is *much* more posh and has a better selection and display of its items THANK GOD! I am sick of co-ops. One shop for everything food. I like plastic bags and large carbon footprints. I'm not going to martyr myself and pay more for a smaller selection for some pinko environmentalist agenda. The service is so-so. No one outstandingly friendly  had more things in stock and even regular items in stock I'd give a better rating. Also the parking lot is pretty dim dark. Makes me feel unsafe."  but it's convenient to drop in on the way from the east side to the north side." "It's my own fault for continuing to frequent this grocery store.  Rarely are there any baskets for shoppers to use.  Their is no mobile service so we can call home for last minute items.  The prepared food counter looks horrendous.  I wouldn't feed my pets with that food  who are no help. The meat quality is good as is the bakery. Its just the crummy feel of the store and lack of any service that gives a bad impression. I do like the self check out area with four stations so you can get out of there without having to deal with that obnoxious female bagger with the name starting with M. The liquor store is nice as well. All in all I will drive the extra two miles or so and go to Woodman's and avoid the hassle."  but I will probably start going out of my way if I have to in order to have a better shopping experience."  the Jenny Street Market has the butcher in town.  While the selection of grocer goods can be a bit limited i love the neighborhood grocery.  makes me feel at home.  prices are a bit higher (so i hear) than woodmans (never been) or some of the other bigger stores I've heard that the meat counter here is wonderful. Usually "Their meat is definately as good as it gets.  My dad came into town recently and wanted to get good steaks.  I took him here "A great neighborhood grocery store. They have their own label products that are often higher quality than the better known brands. They have an excellent meat department (although the staff rarely knows much about what they are selling--kids and all--so don't ask for cooking tips). The cheese department is one of the best in the city and far surpasses the co-op down the street. Produce can be hit or miss Bring cash - credit cards aren't accepted."  this is THE place I go to when I want to hit up a non-major outlet on the near Eastside.  Willy St. is good too "Best meat in Madison. How do I know this? Have you ever had a Bou burger? If yes  beer and wine selections are good. The quality of the produce is too variable for the price. I've also noticed that you have to check expiration dates on everything. I've found a few expired items on the shelves and once was given sliced turkey that was partially green. I do think many people assume that it provides more locally grown and organic items than it actually does. Still  beer and cheese selection.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  The butcher counter is awesome!  My only complaint is that the produce has taken a bit of a nosedive in the last couple of years...I really have to inspect veggies and fruits before purchasing -The market seems to have a policy of only hiring 16-year-old girls who have never packed a grocery bag or even bought groceries before. One girl once literally threw a tomato into my bag while I looked on with horror."  fairly helpful and knowledgeable. Some of the customers need to take a bath though." If they accepted credit cards this here folks would trump Disneyland as the happiest friggin place on earth. Edit: If they accepted credit cards and let you take pictures with Belle this here folks would trump Disneyland as the happiest friggin place on earth. Remember to bring your cash!" Friendly staff. Parking is easy in the lot. Cash only!!!" only downsides are that it is a small place so it can get crowded  I'm lucky to have a neighborhood market like the Jenny." And that doesn't mean kiss a customer's butt while doing your job - just wear a damn smile and say ""Thank You"" every once in a while." Awesome end of summer produce at incredible prices you guys! Get there and eye over everything upfront... nabbed some sweet pineapple and peaches on the cheap!  meat market and convenience surpassed only by friendly and helpful staff. Produce section vastly proved over the last few years. The anti-Woodman's."  &/or expired all together. If I were a ""freegan"" I'd say this place was a rip-off. Everyone knows you can get spoiled foods in dumpsters behind most grocery stores MLD-FXAHLbdiHOcyeoW-Fg Love this lil' place."  and they don't have a true singles section for their beers. Bummer."  and I find the place a bit dirty. I don't really want the place I'm buying consumable products to be dirty. Staff is helpful and I don't mind their unfortunate maroon vests (seriously what's with those) but the place has just really gone down hill and doesn't warrant using the ATM and paying insane fees."  called the market to see if they had one in stock and they did but only a few left. Asked if they could hold one for me and they did one better and delivered it to me as I work near one of their regular delivery sites. Seriously saved my holiday!"  like everything! I've always enjoyed this quirky grocery store and always walked out with more items than what were on my list."  it is a no fee ATM if you are fixing to buy stuff.  Probably in the top 3 meat counters in the city!" I must also compliment the staff. They are seemingly compromised of teenagers but are absolutely polite and eager to assist." I just moved to Madison and was delighted to find Jenny St Market.  Prices were much lower than I expected (esp. regarding wine and beer) and they had a great selection of french bread.  I look forward to relying on it regularly! I love having Jenifer Street as an option for my shopping."  including a lot of local and organic options.  I have a fun time coming in because the owner is continuously adding new products (although many don't stick around) and there are often nice sales.  Prices are comparable to most larger supermarkets  local market in the area. A wide selection for the size of the store and a good mix of conventional Love that the market is close and within walking distance.  We buy a lot of meat and fish here and these never disappoint! "A good old-fashioned local supermarket with an excellent selection  I want to make a side comment at how ridiculously long this post is... just for a Walmart! Crazy. That's what happens when you get a procrastinating writer on Yelp."  some of them are already dirty so don't buy clothes please. The check out counters are located in some dingy wear house looking room but oh well  unkept Walmart I have ever been in. It felt like I was in a liquidators store - having to dig through piles of stuff. The lighting was dim and very difficult to find what I needed. There were employees walking around but no one was putting things on shelves.  Needless to say I left without getting most of what I needed because I couldn't find it.  The produce department was disgusting - moldy food  but I do expect to be treated with respect. Treating your customers with respect entails making them feel welcome and being efficient."  and I get our prescriptions filled at a very reasonable price." I did enjoy that this Walmart reminded me of the old one we had in a city I used to live in before they upgraded to the Super Walmart. However Guess I'm headed to target! After wasting 2 hours of my day off"  I suppose it all depends on how hungry you are. It is They do have a small seating area with about 4 tables to eat at."  simply great.  You can order it on to-go food at the taqueria on weekends  and I say I prefer the steak tacos (we usually order 3 of each ""with everything"" and take them home) These tacos are amazing. Authentic Mexican and a buck a piece. Grocery store has plenty of fresh meat choices. They have tables to sit and eat with fresh guacamole. Py2Jmwm7QXZRCVJ5hnPXgw They also have a counter where they serve frozen treats. Looks good!  Looking forward to my next visit."  but last time I got the burrito which was a) as big as my head "This spot is simply amazing. I often get the salsa roja and salsa verde to go. These salsas are made in house and have the perfect level of heat - they are actually spicy! I also frequent the butcher section to get the arrachera (skirt steak) which at about $8/lb you can't go wrong - so delicious when marinated then grilled! The cecina de res is also a must buy What can I say? Love this place!! Always come here to get an authentic chicken burrito. Not a fancy place but food is great.  and everything else. I buy my skirt steak here for the grill. They cut it thin and tenderize for you. They treat everybody equally  attractive people shop there and they have classical piped over the speakers.  Feels like shopping in some alternate America where everybody is hot and milk is one dollar more expensive." My favorite grocery in Madison and THE go to place when I need to cook a good meal. Although it is more expensive than Woodman's but you actually enjoy browsing through the isles in Sentry and that deserve 5 star. They have a strong meat and seafood section without charging as much premium as those standalone butcher or seafood specialty store  because it has the selection of Whole Foods but also carries Heinz Ketchup and Kraft Macaroni and Cheese. (However their selection of perishables and ethnic food does NOT beat Woodmans.)   When I was required to make gift baskets for various people "I grew up with this as my neighborhood grocery store so it's got a space in my heart.  I never gave it much thought  it doesn't have the feel of a neighborhood grocer but the quality and selection are terrific."  and I have to say that Sentry finally captured my heart. I love this place. Ok What is it about the holidays that turns people into complete assholes?"  this store is pricier than others but you do indeed get what you pay for. The Metcalfes also give back more to the community that all the rest of the grocery retailers combined!  This is a good hearted family running an excellent local grocery store." There is a huge selection of prepared foods and even an espresso bar.  You can tell that alot of thought and money went into the recent remodel of the store."  let me know and I will come back and re-evaluate you again." "I love how fresh their produce is. Everything is very organized and easy to find. The music they play is relaxing and the employees and very helpful/well informed. Their prices vary  but for what I come for it's pretty good.  The only comparable places in Madison are Whole Foods  I will give Metcalfe's their 5th star."  the great looking fruit and Oberweis milk (I miss their Illinois stores with delicious ice cream too). It's really not that expensive and I can get everything all in one place. I was worried given the caliber of grocery stores I've found but this is the real deal. The people were nice and I'll be coming back again soon!" One Sunday they had over 40 free sample stations! Might be a regular thing?"  too. I'm sure the booze and meats and cheeses are probably great but after seeing what they charge for fairly basic products I am not sure why anyone would go here when WF is 100 percent natural and costs less." We love the rest of the store though Metcalfe's you're a sign of the times."  but the quality presented is well worth it. They offer catering as well and have a giant deli-type selection. Plus  I like this place a lot.  I just wish their prices were a bit lower.  But I'm willing to pay the premium for the better experience than other stores in town." "One of the coolest grocery stores I've ever seen. Between a variety of self-service bars and posting how many food miles the items are Looks nice but you will pay for it. Way to expensive for what you get. No worries many options to choose from near by. They scream about being local but they really dont partner with local businesses. Save a bunch by just crossing the parking lot or even the street. Just look both ways first. Aside from the some higher prices the only thing that I really can say bad about this place is that the parking lot is a mess if you come when it is busy - but that might have to do more with the mall and Target than the actual grocery store."  the appetizers from Metcalfe's were delicious. But the service was ridiculous." Whole Foods ain't got nothing on Metcalfe's (leave my double negative alone)." "I think this is one of the best grocery stores in Madison but you have to watch your wallet at the check out.  I was there today and bought organic lemons for .99 cents.  A lot for one lemon I don't do all my shopping here since the items did to be a bit more on the expensive side  as I probably wouldn't have gone hunting for vintage lace for my bouquet handle without prompting.  It made a lovely addition.  I can't recommend her work more highly  I know ... but whatever) and very sturdy.  I use those for my small wastepaper baskets - they look and hold up better than anything I paid Hefty for..." I absolutely LOVE Metcalfe's.... I mean come on... who doesn't love low Grocery costs and TONS of samples! The people who work here are incredible and are always really helpful when trying to find something. It's a grocery store so I can't say too much but I always love coming here for some reason to get groceries.  and Christine's Gourmet Toffee. Sweet Monkees cookies and Eastside Ovens vegan cookies (chocolate chip/peanut butter chocolate chip heyoo) all from Milwaukee. Shopping local never tasted so suhhhhweeeeeet!"  I keep coming back and actually look forward to going grocery shopping!"  Metcalfe's!!  A great experience and I look forward to ordering again soon."  and too crowded. I plan my trips for the middle of the day in the hopes to avoid too many people. It is the only bad part about shopping there."  we love this store and do all our food shopping here do to the high quality food and the great staff especially Marvin! Thanks for doing a great job!" "I would agree that Metclafe's is best for speciality foods and arrangements that you aren't going to find elsewhere. For me the shining star in this category would have to be their fantastic selection of cheeses. They offer every kind imaginable  but it was great for late night purchases. After all the stuff involving the owner and Brat Fest I'll probably never shop here again."  which a hit at the picnic! I'd say that Metcalfe's would be the place to stop after work to pick up groceries if you are too lazy or too tired to cook for the night because you could always make a pit-stop by the deli/hot foods/salad bar before exiting!" I WILL NEVER GO THERE  AGAIN NEVER"  and their excellent selection of fresh produce. Oh! And their to-go sushi is actually very good! I have never had a problem with their quality!"  or having something in their case that doesn't appear to have been caught in the last 12 hours. I make a commitment to always visit this location when I'm in the mood for fresh seafood & produce!" "WOW!!  My boyfriend and I LOVE this place.  It is a treat for us.  We get lost in the cheese section for way too long.  The fresh fish As far at Grocery Stores go Metcalfes is not the most affordable. I do not do my regular shopping her for that reason. But that date night when you want to get good ingredients- This place. That weird ingredient a recipe call for- this place. Food for company- this place! Great quality produce- this place. Local favorites ( green bush It's also handy to run in to the store whilst shopping at Hilldale." It doesn't take a lot to realize they are more on the upscale end. Your everyday items are going to cost more than the nearby target and copps. For someone with the spending ability for healthier options  other patrons in the store seem to think they own the isles and aren't considerate of their fellow shoppers. The ONLY reason I stop back in from time to time is the convenient location  and liquor section has really good breath and is competitively priced. While the liquor section is only available until 9PM  who doesn't love being asked ""Paper or Plastic?"""  I always missed my Metcalfe's. The produce selection is infinitely better when compared with Copps and the service is much better as well. I love to go to all their promotions: Salsa tasting  well stocked and a great value.  If I need something special or fancy I go to Costco or HYVEE.  Just because they claim that they have so many local products  and the classical music piped overhead is a heavy-handed touch that I find oddly relaxing. Perhaps someday I'll find myself spending more time among the brand names."  it still feels like it's former self (Sentry Foods).  Call me spoiled but I enjoy the new grocery experience that HyVee and others deliver.  More products.  More services.  More choices." We have shopped here about once a week for the past 12 years. Great staff and great selection of local goods; it's the practically the only place we shop. The one other thing I really like that I almost forgot was their support of local farmers/ingredients. Some of the items say how far they traveled to get to the store which is pretty cool." A superior market.  This review is about the AWESOME CHICKEN POT PIE SOUP I bought and took to the coffee shop to enjoy this past Saturday before shopping.  Hearty; perfect flavor; a variety of ingredients..peas; diced potatoes; tender chunks of white meat chicken; some interesting herbs..?  I think Metcalfe's is ONE BIG FIVE STAR WONDERLAND! "I live in Scranton PA and called to order a basket for a dear friend who had just lost his dad. They were amazingly accommodating and took care of everything immediately  which they later changed to midnight."  and fresh sushi.  It's all delicious."  and soda is often on sale at ridiculously low prices. I get annoyed at people who refer to it as the ""ghetto grocery"" which implies it is overpriced and perhaps doesn't have the class of people you'd like to hang with. This store is as safe as any other store and the people care. I would like to see them utilize their wacky frontage for some tables and chairs so people can sit down  and it just felt dark and depressing. Otherwise it's all right The doughnuts though....  YUM!  They have some of the best doughnuts in Madison." That is my whole experience trying to find a magazine.  I walked out feeling completely terrible.  I shop at the store because it is near my house.  Last night  give the store a try."  I find this store to be just fine for me when I need to pick up a few things for dinner and get some (great) donuts for my husband. It's also a great store for moms with young children or the elderly since everything is compact and easy to reach or get to. The staff seems to work like an extended family My go to grocery store." I love getting a movie at their TWO Red box machines and then heading in to find everything I need for an evening in.  It is a great price and convenient way to plan my whole night." I work in Monona and decided to stop here for a quick grocery run. It's pretty much what you'd expect. Produce section a little lacking & priced a little high. Pretty run of the mill.  but they are expensive.  They have a nice selection of produce l-N4ywQ0eOY1QTQgLgCp_A   bad layout and overpriced. Always has been and  always will be. I prefer Woodmans or Metro market."  and spices sections for a corner store. support this place. The've been open for 25+ years supporting local farmers and the community."  it warms my heart that this place is still in existence (I still have my Jay Rath designed butcher paper window sale signs from my last week working there).  I grew up buying mainly candy  otherwise what you'd expect from a good co-op. They even carried a few varieties of Theo Chocolate. If you're a member of Willy Street Co-op In the center of the store there's a section which features locally produced products (one or two I haven't seen at Willy Street). The staff is always super friendly. Regent Market Co-op is the bomb!" Jury is still out on this one.  Recently moved to University Heights and was happy to see a small market close by.  Stepping inside was a little underwhelming.  Not much selection.  Prices (especially around fruit) were exorbitant.  Word on the streets is that their brats are pretty tasty.  Come grilling season I will stop back in for a try.  I'm in there every week just to stare at the ice cream. I love how you know where everything is even though they don't have aisle summaries. The local farmers support is highly appreciated A good place for groceries if you're willing to make a second trip to Schnucks or Meijer for produce."  and will recognize you if you are a regular. Their booze section is pretty good with a decent selection and fair prices  both the bacon and the packages of soup were on sale. That seems like quite a coincidence. Does County Market know these things are expired and do they put these expired items on sale knowingly because they do not want to pay for the loss themselves and want to then put it onto their shoppers?" Sign up for max card mall which is a card that earns points toward gift cards. You can also select online coupons to load to your card from the website."  taking advantage of people in the neighborhood who don't have a car to drive to Schnucks or Meijer.  I bought two items.  Both were overpriced to begin with and wound up ringing up for even higher amounts at the register.   I won't be back anytime soon." Similar to Dominicks' stores around Chicago.  Will cost more than the competition  but they have a ridiculous booze policy: they card everybody you are with "Schnuck's store brands are mostly inferior to the major brands. One would  think they would have an Aldi mentality and demand the best from their manufacturers. They don't watch the expiration dates on many products Food and produce are on the pricey side. But the produce is fresh and the sushi bar is superb for supermarket standard. "I went on a busy day. The aisles are too small. The bakery was extremely small for it being a schnucks. I did like their selection of yogurts. Everyone was over there when I was trying to look for some yogurt. Prices are a bit high to my dismay  the deli meat and cheese selection is only about half of what I'd like to see."  as there is often no rhyme or reason to it.  Things that should logically be together are in different rows. The flavored creamer selection is wanting (I have an addicition to the stuff).  Staff is usually friendly and helpful.  My biggest complaint about the place is that items disappear from the shelves.  Things I bought for weeks or months on end suddenly are no longer stocked.  Frustrating.  This goes for items in the deli My only complaint in regards to the donuts would be that they rarely have any bavarian cream donuts available.  So if the bakery manager is reading this  specially when it comes to packaged food. There are enough options to choose and there're chances that you fine some stuff on sale. So far it's one of the best places I've gone for groceries in Urbana. 1st time customer too very fresh food. and the self checkout is good since the machine is sensitive.  the strawberry I bought is very good and cheap.  but you have to drop by around noon or it sells out fast! Pretty clean and decent. I just wished they were a little bigger and stocked more things."  just ask her. She is happy to tell you which soy base is best for soup and how long to soak and cook grains and legumes for dishes like kongbap. She stocks an amazing variety of items in a small space nqPVRW2pVbzlspth71YFlw  plus eco-friendly cleaning and paper products.  Meet great people.  Simple."  so its one of the easiest places for car-fee on-campus dwellers to shop for healthy food." Cool place.  Definitely worth checking out.  You can find some things here you wouldn't find anywhere else as well as some delicious fresh baked bread.  don't think it's some stuffy place to hang out.  The staff are all very friendly and you are welcome to take a look around before deciding to join.  Membership is easy- just fill out a form and pay $30 (individual) or $50 (family) and you're good to go.  If you decide to leave  help locals and provide some healthier food. Since I don't live in town  this location is perfect during the summer as it is right next to the Farmer's Market and makes for a great Saturday morning shopping. The staff here are always friendly and extremely helpful. They post recipes with the produce with ideas for how to use items that may be unfamiliar to some  bright store with the best organic food prices you will find anywhere in the C-U area. You can become co-owner for a $60 investment buy-in. Sweet! I could co-own a store!" "I really like this little store!  It's really new and clean which is nice.  I don't usually buy produce or anything here because I think it's a bit pricey.  However  and I've always been satisfied with any groceries I've picked out here.  Great stop."  this is the most awesome grocery store in town. Great deli with vegan options everyday and beautiful produce - often local and organic - that you can't find anywhere else."  because that extra 10% off every now and then can really help when your ice cream costs $7 (rare treat) and the only soy milk that does it for you is Organic Valley's unsweetened wonder.  That being said This co-op has more pretensions of grandeur than most."  when I asked if they ever carried a certain product they were really rude in their reply. They didn't have any of the things I was looking for that I hadn't already seen somewhere else... they had stuff you can find at Meijer or Schnuck's! So why should I spend so much more to get the same exact thing somewhere else!? That's when its irritating to see just how jacked up the prices are!" Their selection is ok...but Natural Gourmet is better. The owner there is nicer and they don't have weird people acting strangely and giving you special treatment."  and assorted other tasty vegan treats. The co-op is a hub of activity in Urbana with bike racks out front."  and I have always had good interactions with their friendly staff.  If you are shopping between here and SF I also love the fun events held there like the annual seed swap and the occasional music performance on the patio.  I highly recommend taking full advantage of this coop "Common Grounds selection seemed very average.  The did have some local vegetables for sale  thus the 5 star rating.  It has the best that Whole Foods has to offer.  They list the farms their produce comes from "I've been in here a few times. I haven't bought anything though. I love the free recipes and all the organic healthy choices. Despite the prices  but things in bulk are really reasonably priced and for some reason their tofu is the best in town (How can any tofu be the best?  It just is.). Their prepared foods are all excellent; may I recommend the asian peanut noodles? You can grab some food and go eat out front with a glorious view of the Lincoln Square parking lot  and consistent quality. I am very happy with the CG Co-op. The recent sale of plants was superb - horseradish root  and might consider becoming an owner.  This is definitely the kind of local store that it feels good to support." "Lovely bunch of people and a lovely store. They have a very good selection of bulk goods  some interesting Illinois-based cheeses (not just the yummy ones from Prairie Fruits Farm)  but good. Wish I lived closer I am thrilled for the expansion in the fall!" all i have to say... is the pretense in this place is rich.  watch out!" They have expanded the store and it's even better. The new cafe in the store was great. Friendly service and the food was very tasty. I would highly recommend the hot roast beef sandwich with carmelized onions. One of my favorite places in the area....go check 'em out!" Q9eZS4qDdJo1ker0w3wnMg  and soups. Everything I've tasted has been pretty good!  I recommend bringing your own bags and using cash or a debit card."  it's reasonable.  the expansion did a lot for their prices in the way of shelf items.  some of their prepared items are still expensive  especially considering that everything is organic and/or local."  there's an area where you can pick up/donate canvas bags for people who want a re-usable sack "I can't believe how much this place has grown in the past few years!  I go into Whole Foods withdrawal when I visit Champaign Tofu! vegan yogurt starter! Seitan rubins! Chocolate! Wild apricots! Most excellent place even if it is a bit pricey. . . We still shop here every week for a small bag of goodies. They even have wine!! :)" Because of the large selection and not terribly marked up prices I'd say this is the place to go if you're looking for organic foods and meat and dairy substitutes. Otherwise  and I never had the feeling that the customer should do this much work. I mean "We love our food co-op! My children love shopping here with me. The staff is always quick to engage with them  they have a reasonable selection of produce  this place gets a much-needed review update of 5+++ stars."  and cheeses. Very nice wine and beer selection. I love it all. BUT! THE STAFF!!!! These people are the best people in the world. They are helpful A small salad from the salad bar costs $10 or more which is ridiculous - wish we had a real peoples co-op around here."  I was driving through from Chicago and am not aware of how many co-ops are in Champaign or how many places offer organically grown food. Otherwise "I'm a vegetarian & extremely grateful for this store. The have so many meatless products for me here. I've gotten organic food & medicine. The Manuka honey  but I'm not a douchey YouTube celebrity who craves validation so you'll just have to take my word for it. Always give back or pay it forward Everything that they do have is really tasty and all reasonably priced as well."  the instructor had additional handouts.  Will definitely take other classes." "I have frequented co-ops all over the country and I can't recommend Common Ground. I know too much about this place to post it all here but if you really care about supporting an ethically run store  but I find myself only buying one or two little things at a time because the prices here are way beyond what an ordinary student can afford. Generally "Great products! Organic foods and products at a reasonable price. Nice environment. I particularly like their fruits  but a way for us to say thank you for offering these specialized items to the community. We would otherwise have to buy those two items online. For all other supplies  etc. The hours are very convenient & the location is right in Lincoln Square where there is plenty of parking for both cars & bikes. It's a nice & adjacent stop from the weekend farmer's market. The co-op has a classroom/art gallery for seminars and relaxing/dining when the seminars aren't in session. There are outdoor dining areas Best little coop in the Midwest!!!  And of course I am not prejudiced because it is in my hometown - really!  Been a member since the 80's and proud to see how it has grown up and become such a vibrant place and hub of our community. Check Common Ground out if you want to support local farmers and enjoy delicious food! :)" Their cheese selection is similar (in price as well) to what you can get at World Harvest - affinois "Love this place. I used to be skeptical because of the prices but I love buying meat here. The miller farms stuff is very good in my experience. If you wait for sales "Love the friendly atmosphere and all the organic options available. People may say this place is expensive but the county market on campus has hiked up prices so it's really not that different! I wish they had more variety though  there was a wide selection of fish and other sorts. Common Ground is comparable to Whole Foods except on a more local level. The pricing is not bad considering that it is going back into our community and thusly the process continues. I like the wide variety of organic and healthy juices "Very happy someone at the Market told me about this place on Saturday. Stopped in to get some dates I believe that they typically get their shipments in on Fridays.  Sometimes they even have random seafood products like Littleneck Clams or Blue Crab.  I made it a point not to have Friday classes so that I could stalk out this place in the morning to get fresh stuff to make for the weekend.  This place rocked."  some of it is somewhat dirty and the fruit is not always the freshest."  but usually AmKo or Green Onions are  much better." "Asian grocery store in a super cramped building. They've got a good selection of canned  cheap produce and lots of imported canned and boxed food." This is the Asians' Asian grocery store."  and they are friendly to ""white people"" (K.H.) as long as you are respectful to them not obnoxious." The best time to pick up groceries at Far East are Thursday evenings or Fridays because these are days when they receive fresh shipments of produce  fresh eats. Employees are friendly and will help carry heavier purchases (like sacks of rice) to your car."  which was a pleasant surprise. Prices are reasonable but its a pain that they only accept cash or check. (Typical Asian establishment rule  this is likely your best bet. The grocery store is rustic and it almost feels as though you step into an inner city market in another country when you visit Far East Market. They take both checks and cash but do NOT accept credit."  I'm spoiled by the Asian groceries in my area. But this spot does ok."  don't forget! And they look a little uninviting with the concrete exterior and tiny house-door but inside it's a wonder land." But the best thing of all are the owners. They are extremely nice and helpful. They always ask about how I am doing and let me know any new interesting things going on with them or in the store. they also give good recipes and recommendations. It's really cozy and I feel so invited every time. I am sad that I'll be done with college soon and will be moving. I wish I could take the store with me."  the store does serve my needs for Asian-specific cooking ingredients and has a convenient location on my way home from work. The young woman who usually works at the cash register speaks perfect English and knows where everything is (nonsensically) located I wish I lived in between Far East and World Harvest!" "" how do you fix this..or what do you do with this"" and they tell me..awesome" Great place to get Asian Food!  probably because they make up prices as they go. Something is fishy about this place  and the equipment looks pretty outdated. Doesn't accept cards. Can be inconvenient." Really don't recommend to shop in this store. Lots of foods are expired and still on the shelf for sale.  and fresh lemongrass. They have all the weird shit you need to make your stinky ass Asian dishes. They have a ton of cool sweets too."  its a hole in the wall and its a ma and pop shop that has grown a little bigger over the years  this is an unsavory practice as a business. Who knows how long the meat has been left out. Perhaps they're letting certain items thaw so that customers can cook immediately after purchase  great employees. Produce was awesome! Got a durian today. Going back tomorrow with my husband. Lots of stuff to choose from here."  they often round down the price so you don't have to go scrambling for loose change. The staff also let me exchange my rice when I picked up the wrong kind even without the receipt." various kinds of food can satisfy my needs but the quality. You will often buy expired food and food without expiration date. Cannot imagine the poor quality of some food. They just put expired food at the most obvious place on the shelf.  I will continue to come here for my grocery needs." Don't miss out on grabbing some cuttle fish chips  Am-Ko has a clean sanitary feeling to it. This is how an asian super-market should be. Everything is approx a dime or two more than at Far East.... but it is less likely to be  passed the expiration date." "Am-Ko is the BEST! I've been going there since I was a kid (long time ago...heh) to get fun Asian snacks and ice cream treats. They have produce though  meats.. you name it.  There is also a moderately-sized selection of kitchen and grooming/beauty supplies.  Fairly clean and organized  Am-Ko is just a much more pleasant place to shop as everything is organized well and it's just.... cleaner!" [I already noticed almost all the CD's  and cooking supplies. This is definitely the place to go if you need anything Asian in Champaign!"  whether you're stocking a full fridge or just craving a slab of Hi-Chew. The whole place is cleaner and brighter than the other oriental stores around town. Prices are fair."  but they sold us a whole bagful of ROTTEN purple yams!!  What?!  We got home and started preparing them before we figured it out. GROSS."  as well as inexpensive frozen Asian foods and bulk rice. What I can't find here I get at the Green Onion."  low prices. Awesome green-tea icecream." Like this place! It feels like  real market. Some of the prices are absolute bargain/basement. Great place to pick up some loose green tea and all of the accoutrements.  it wouldn't be fair for me to deduct a star entirely because of this. I deduct a star because of the lack of anything fresh. Fresh vegetable section is very limited. Fresh anything is very limited. If you need anything in a can  it looked more like an overgrown turnip and more tubular. I read it burns fat.  We shall see: I already need to go get more. They keep the coffee candy right next to the register.  I love the ginseng root in a cute little bottle.  Tastes like dirt.  I would like to repurpose the little bottles and fit them with corks. Paul and I also walked out with a 20lb bag of rice. We were told it will be sticky rice.  We are accustomed to long grain.  Seems to be the place for rice if it is a diet staple for you." worth checking out for sure if you haven't."  because I spent a good worth of groceries and the owner/lady who works there won't let me use their restroom "This place can be a lifesaver in a place like Chambana for anyone who regularly cooks asian food. For a small Asian market in a small midwestern town I didn't expect much but this place has aisle after aisle of essentials from most every asian ethnicity.  You need Chinese rice vinegar? Check. Japanese dashi? Check. Korean Gochujang? Check. What I usually have to make 3 trips for to find in different grocery stores this place has it all consolidated into one corner market. Gadgets A nice little Asian store that has a bunch of Asian stuff for those wanting to have some Asian flavor in their life. I was able to find the green tea that I was craving here.  without having to deal with the nasty attitude." Has some good drinks and snacks. Imagine will be pretty cool for Koreans to buy some delicate and hometown food.  simply take the 120 Teal. It's just down the street from the stop at First and White." "I'm so glad that this place exists! I've found so many things that I had been looking for here that now I'm pretty much a regular. Yes "Am-ko is an adequate place to pick up Asian grocery products that I can't find at grocery stores. Their hours are pretty good The lady working this place is very ignorant and RUDE! I stopped coming here months ago because she would treat my friend and I like we were stealing. We initially loved our apartment location just because it's right behind Amko but the lady changed our minds!!! She follows us throughout the store and I can't think of a single time it even looked like I was stealing!! We were customers for years and just stopped because I refuse to be treated and looked at like a thief when I am NOT. They're so overprice and the produce is not good! There's nothing good in here. Go to other Asian stores cause this one will waste your time. "The first time my husband and I came to check out Champaign before moving here "Safeway's are great now..  they have re doen the insides and put in a nice deli type place... they offer pre-made salads that are actually good One redeeming value - Good place to flirt with hipster girls buying hummus or whatever. At least until her girlfriend returns with the chocolate chip cookies and kicks your ass." 7Z7IkR_-94AjUuDw0fbI7g *Scampers away. Scoffs at posted hours.*" But it's closer to my place than the 7th Ave and Osborn store which is significantly nicer so I only go here to pick up something quick.  Luckily  forgot to add how they are always out of their HOUSE BRAND water. Seems like half the time I go there they don't have it. And yes  the Starbucks thing is ridiculous. There is already one in the same complex and then they put one inside the grocery store. Did we really need another one?"  but for big shopping trips I'll drive out of my to somewhere else.. even with the gas prices.."  but not much else.  I usually go to the one up on Osborn instead."  there are plenty of others that will win you over." Confused? Me too. But in my humble opinion it deserves the four because I'm easy to please  b/c while my fave Starbucks (in the same shopping center) was being renovated  like maybe they stole the uniforms.  This store is always understaffed and usually only has one or two checkout lanes open when there are 20 people in line.  None of the employees are helpful nor friendly.  The products are all grossly overpriced.  I did a Fresh and Easy comparison in terms of price of a recent trip there and Safeway was a little over double the cost of F&E!  Yikes.  This is a terrible location.  All Safeways are terrible actually.  I don't like paying double and getting half the customer service I get anywhere else.  No thank you!"  then transfer all  your prescriptions from the Walgreens across the street like I did."  they are responsive about opening another checkstand when the lines get too long.  The cashiers and baggers are friendly and courteous to me.  The customers are an interesting mix." Most of the employees here have been quite courteous and helpful." It really seems like this store just doesn't give a shit. At each opportunity to impress I've started going to the ghetto Basha's at 7th Ave. and Thomas.  It's low-level as hell I have never had a problem with finding what I need and the butcher shop is great.  On the East Coast Bottom line -- you can get away with it for most of your groceries (non-perishables). I would go to another store or to your local farmers market for produce items."  you live close by....it's kind of sketchy. Thats why they have security guards at the door. Produce and selection are good. I think customer service is what really makes this place great. The guys at the deli counter are really nice. There is always somebody in the produce section. Every employee always asks if I need help. The cashiers are always nice ( Rodney and Mercedes). The baggers are always friendly too. Only complaints... I did see a bag of moldy beef jerky once"  the line was ridiculously long because there was only one cashier in the entire store. I am so disappointed in this Safeway and will not return."  or Fresh and Easy on 7th Ave and Indian School. Any time you would have saved driving to the closer grocery store would be more than lost standing in their outrageous checkout lines." They have been making improvements at this location. I just wonder if they realize how much money is actually living in the downtown area? I so wish this store was more like the one at 32nd St & Camelback. I know they can't do much about some of the disgusting people that frequent this store but damn they really do have to do something about the pan handling in the parking lot. If you want a better client base then you got to make sure that they are not disgusted before they ever get into the store.  we gave it a try.  It was fine. Nothing worse than you'd find in the SF Bay Area. Buck up  ALWAYS 1-2 CASHIERS each time I have ever gone there. Littered with trash and filth. I would like to not be asked for $$ one time before walking in by the panhandlers of the day. This needs to be addressed  Safeway.  You are pretty much the only game in town for downtown right now.  You would think your corporate office would recognize this and remodel and class this place up a bit.  You have people who have money to spend living all over downtown Phoenix now.  The store needs to clean up its act My review is for the bakery.  Did you know Safeway has a delicious carrot cake?  I ordered a half sheet for an office function.  I arrive at Safeway and the cake is not ready.  The lady who took my order failed to write down what kind of cake I wanted (minus the one-star).  The young woman who ended up helping me was very concerned and apologetic.  She was able to decorate a carrot cake for me farily quickly and did a wonderful job.  Very refreshing to see that some people still take pride in doing a good job.  replace this disgraceful store with a Whole Foods or a Sprouts or a place with a shred of human decency." I called and orders three sandwich platters and a veggie platter for pick up the day before I needed them. I show up and no sandwiches! No order! Nothing! They also wrote pick up time wrong on another order so us two customers were fighting to get our orders made first. On top of it all customer service was rude. Bad experience all around! The only reason for the two stars is for the poor deli staff working furiously to make 100 sandwiches in no time flat. The one thing stopping me from giving it two stars are the employees.  They're always friendly and willing to help.  I can always start up a conversation when checking out." This store generally has what I need. I like the selection of fresh soup meats and fruit they sell. The employees are friendly and always ask if you need help. I remember once an employee was willing to help me at the bakery after hours which was really nice. My only issue is at the checkout and the bagging of my groceries. If I buy anything fragile I always have to separate bagged items before I leave the store. I've had eggs or bread packed with items that shouldn't be bagged together. Cans and eggs in the same bag really? I remember when I worked at Fry's years ago they had a chart on how to bag groceries.   I am overcharged.  On my last 2 visits it was for over $4.  I make it a habit to go over my receipt The only good news: The gentlemen that bag groceries and collect carts are VERY nice and helpful." They used to know how to design urban footprint stores - there's a building still used as a grocery store that started life 80 years ago as one of the first Safeways - at 10th Street and Pierce - only 1 mile away." I know this is just a grocery store but I have never had such an unpleasant experience at any other grocery store.  The employees were not helpful in locating the items I needed and their selection is limited.  I never get asked if I found everything ok.  Also upon my first visit there when asked if I had their preferred shopper card and I said no because I just moved to the area. At that point I was not offered the option of obtaining a card so that I could enjoy their preferred pricing on items.   If I had the option of a different grocery store closer I would definitely avoid this store. Kind of crowded right now. They are getting better at not allowing non-customers to loiter in the parking lot.  I haven't been approached for money or anything by anyone there in a long time. I feel pretty safe shopping there at night because there is always a security guard at the entrance and I park near the entrance."  but for the location (which is the only ""downtown"" store) It was an honest mistake but the way the cashier handled the situation was totally out of line. All because I got into the wrong lane by accident with two items over the limit." This Safeway is so good.  These people with the bad reviews need to take their bad attiudes somewhere else.  Everyone is ALWAYS so friendly - I visit here nearly every day since the store is near my workplace.  Jesus the check out dude is the best. I will drive a bit out of my way to go to Trader Joe's for the majority of my food.  But for the little things I need to grab (and flowers) I will pop into this store.  Convenience is key. :)" I was a bit surprised that there were 2 longer lines to check-out. Does it really ""peak"" at 8am on a weekday? Hmmmm..." What the hell is that smell inside the store? I was in there at the beginning of June...and it smelled like the sewer came up into the store.....I didn't think much of it...until two nights ago....although the smell was not as strong...its still there! My GF thinks I talked myself into smelling it again.....but I do not think that is the case. Its bad enough I don't feel safe for my GF to shop there....but it has to smell like poo too? This probably the worst grocery store I've ever been to. It's constantly packed with usually only 2 cashiers helping patrons and as soon as you walk in it honestly smells like crap. I gave it 2 stars because at least the deli people have always been friendly and there isn't much for grocery stores in the downtown area. If you can avoid shopping here  do it you won't regret it 7Z7IkR_-94AjUuDw0fbI7g  he should've turned on the light at his register to indicate that he was open and let the patient customers at his store know that he could help the next person."  but the sandwich was delicious. They just seemed to be really understaffed at the deli location." "Unfortunately it's not getting the award for being the most clean or most organized. But it seems to be quite busy. So busy that you  might find a regular finishing off his blueberry bagel while ""shopping"" for groceries (how embarrassing is that!)" Decent selection. Above average produce. Very long lines during rush hour Checking out sucks so much.  S L O W.  Self check needs to be implemented.  Always a line.  Almost never in a hurry.  they do not open up any more cashier lanes...so you can wait in line for up to 20 minutes. It's maddening. This occurs daily immediately following the 5pm rush and on Fri I think you find what you need here - food wise."  after a few minutes got so mad I left.  Keep the $5  it should since their pricing is a little more." Being a mix-raced Transgender couple minding our own business shopping we noticed we were being followed. My partner decided to sample one chicken nugget. They stopped us after we purchased some items and then stopped my partner and said he had stolen nuggets and contaminated the rest of the nugget bin because he was gay. They dragged my partner to unknown room and would not tell me what was going on. They told my partner that he had stolen and contaminated the rest of the bin but they did not remove the rest of the chicken nuggets so they are selling contaminated nuggets to everyone. So if you like chicken nuggets beware they will be probably be contaminated by homosexuality. "First time buying a cake here and I will never come back .This coming from a long time Safeway customerand my father was a employee for 28 yrs .But Paris in the bakery is rude but dressing up a salt water crocodile in a Christian Dior dress won't change the fact you'll end up being decapitated."  I got in and out with no issues. Steaks were a great price. Manager opened check out lane because it was busy (unlike the ghetto service at the 5th street Osborn location  just pretty disorganized and understaffed. I'd highly recommend going to the 7th ave and Osborn location instead." WTF. When will we get another grocery store downtown! The staff suck the service sucks the selection sucks the no one seems to care that there are long lines every night. This location is constantly out of normal items and I have been rung up incorrectly multiple times.  and copper river salmon was labeled as priced $29.99 a pound originally.  Give me a break.  It's less than half that when it first comes out in May.  I only go because it's close.  So is Food City.  I'll go there now.  Same quality anyhow." Yet another neighborhood convenience store that does it right!  Sunshine Market is pretty darn cool.  The employees are really nice too and that is what makes these neighborhood markets so great!  SUPPORT THE LOCAL MARKETS!! I don't live in the neighborhood anymore so I don't come here as often "Good amount of services. You can pay APS/SW Gas there. You can't cash checks  hit up your local business rather than the Circle K's that are on every corner."  they have a neighborhood feeling to it. Cheap drink prices....they really do have almost anything. They also carry Bluebell Ice Cream!!!!"  not a grocery store but they have a great selection of random items you need at the last minute.  The owners are always friendly and remember what I order which is pretty impressive.  I once bought an item there that was freezer burnt and they happily offered to give me my money back and told me to pick anything in the store I wanted for the inconvenience.  Now thats good business!"  beer and wine.  As a matter of fact they have a Growing wine selection.  The guys learn your name and get you in and out quick. What more could you want.  Salem always supports the neighborhood association also which is cool as well.  Great neighborhood convenience."  they're quicker than Fry's or Safeway and have an amazing range of items.  Plus "I love this place. It is right down the street from my house and I stop in there several times a week. Everyone there knows me and has what I usually purchase on the counter before I even walk in. Amazing customer service  to old fashioned fuses (guest house still uses them)  sandwiches and Spicy Dill Pickles.. Yum.. everything you can think of and the nicest Employees..  Coronado is lucky to have Sunshine Market.   Love this place :)" "Great neighborhood gem! Friendly staff "Is this real life? $3.99 6 packs and $7.99 12 packs of craft beer? My brain melted when I went down the beer aisle. This place is bananas And a half  Mark and Zack are great Guys too ... It's my go to place in the neighborhood for everything !!!!!!!" There aren't enough shops like this left in this country -- I feel better every time I walk through the door." "After leaving the hood when it was dangerous and not gentrified and full of urban/hipsters Sunshine is the best! I no longer live in Coronado but will travel to this market at least a couple days a week because of their great beer/liquor bargains and customer service!  diapers...you name it! The beer is cheap. I can get a six pack of Mexicali here for $3.99. Large bags of beef jerky as cheap as $1.49 sometimes. The guys who work there are beloved by everyone....I'm not exaggerating...they really are. Come to Sunshine Market everyone!! What are you waiting for!! Lol" "I absolutely love coming to this market. They are always helpful  I would not have stumbled across it.  I don't even live in the neighborhood and still find myself there 2-3 times a week now.  I come for the amazing and cheap ever-changing craft beer selection.  I can almost always find something good to take home.  Zack and Mark are nice  it'd not necessarily cheap by any means. It's as if the owner went to Costco and is reselling it. I'd like to see more support of local products  but then they've their variety of foods you may need however do not desire to go all the way to the grocery store to get. In addition they have hot pickles whom I crave on a regular basis. I do not live in the neighborhood anymore so I do not come here as frequently  the Coronado Neighborhood is lucky to have them. This is a family run business with some of the nicest people I have met. Everyone smiles when I walk in. We share stories about our families  buy some bootleg cd's and see their cousin at the checkstand and make a day out of it. PHXRNCHMRKT embodies this tradition and so much more. the entire left side of this megastore is like 15 excellent restaurants all smashed together. after you order your food Best of all is the atmosphere inside - it is REALLY festive - like you're at Tia and Tio's fiesta.  Mariachis and bands abound here during the weekend.   Dang!!   Fry's  it's just a grocery store people!" Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th St and Roosevelt. Take me anytime." And the atmosphere in here is great. Oh! And they're open late. 6a-11p. The employees are friendly and the customers (mainly families) are just so full of life and happiness (or maybe it was the Spanish music blaring on the loudspeaker?). All in all And don't forget the Sunday brunch with tons of choices and lots of traditional entertainment." the fresh jugo bar was insane.  it was also cool being the only whitie in the building.  this evening "Gotta love this Market.  I take people here as a sort of a tourist attraction.  They have everything and it's all fresh.  A total culture shock  my eyes were agog as I absorbed the sight sounds and smells of the bustling market. My favorite area was the meat counter where patrons bickered with the butcher over the best cuts and a peeled cows head stared blankly at me.  I swear I saw that thing blink at me.  Anyway a great place to visit if your in the mood for a tongue torta and some mariachi music."  the refresco cold drink bar with fresh fruit yummm. It is a huge place and has lot's of elbow room. If you are into meat you will love their meat dept. it is muy gigante! FUN FUN place for everyone for sure!!" VXIkI9_EbDbYHeO9IzKjJg They also have a lovely resturant attached to this place (as if the store itself won't do it for you) and that it authentic in itself." The restaurant next door is also very good - great seafood enchiladas.  There are also soom little shops with items you would expect to find at a border town shop." I recently ate at the restaurant inside it is definitely worth the try."  all while Costcos can be found in such tourist-heavy states as Veracruz and Guanajuato. The Calderon Government and America's Hispanics will have to confront the tension between assimilation and authenticity one agua fresca at a time."  I can definitely do some grocery shopping here.  But any ideas for meals are usually thwarted and I end up at Safeway."  they'll just drop their collective jaws.  Hit Tradiciones for lunch or dinner and then the market for those tortillas steamin' in the bag OMFG there's little finer in life!!  Their homemade chorizo is spot on Andale! Andale! to Phoenix Ranch Market!!" Be sure to try their resturant (on West end of the building) Tradiciones!" My rec is come and linger and enjoy the sights and then have a great lunch either at the food court or at the restaurant next door."  but everybody should at least go sometime during the weekend to experience the beer cooler mariachi band and have a meal. I guess."  but not the best i'll admit.  of course  and head out thinking that if we did nothing else in the U.S. on this trip At least I can always look forward to the tortas."  but was tasty enough to satisfy my Tres Leches cravings now that I won't be returning to Houston on a regular basis any longer. The cake was moist and sweet. There was a little too much ""frosting"" on top for my liking I don't really know about authentic. It's probably not. I don't really care. My dad's family is from near the Mexican border and though I've been to mercados in Mexico and even here I had a hard time navigating the ordering process and finding people to explain things to me in english. I got a pork gorditas and it was oily and the meat was dry and tough. I did enjoy the general atmosphere of the place though.  but I found the staff to be very friendly and helpfull!" Highlight: Live music in the aisle!"  the last time I was there was right before the holidays and I found myself just having a good ol' time grabbing the chips for a work party.  I even stopped by the jewelry counter and contemplated purchasing a 3 inch gold cross  plus more produce than the human eye should ever behold. My favorite place in Phoenix."  you'll be glad you did!" Mmmmm....one of my all time favorite restaurants in the valley.  I've loved everything I have eaten here.  If you like your salsa hot be sure to ask for the habanero salsa with your chips.  Can't resist the bakery items. They have the freshest Mexican pastries I have ever found in the valley. If you are in the mood for seafood take a trip into the store. Go into the back where the seafood counter is located and they have fresh seafood tostadas that are to die for !!!  There's nothing like a lazy Saturday morning...you take a trip to RM for a bowl of home made menudo and tortillas then you come home and take a GIANT NAP !!!  and stuff your face with cafeteria-style food.  This place is proof that there is a God A definite five stars as far as I'm concerned!" I normally wouldn't recommend going grocery shopping while hungry - but at this place it is a must!  Try everything - and take more home!" "This place rocks.  I wish we had something half as good in Charlotte.  We first walked through the grocery and vendor area and were shocked at the selection  the shrimp ceviche tostada is great. I also really enjoyed the quesadilla...so good 'n' buttery! The watermelon agua fresca was very refreshing The ceviche is to die for! The other food and groceries are great too. VXIkI9_EbDbYHeO9IzKjJg Ranch market is one of the best authentic Mexican places in Phoenix. I love there refried beans. I usually get the grilled chicken with rice and beans meal. Very delicious! My fiancee gets the carnitas meal and the meat is cooked perfect. They have many different flavors of horchata and there is always a line for there fresh corn tortillas. Every meal comes with warm corn tortillas and they are really what make the meal. I would recommend just about everything except I think Food City has better pan dulces. do yourself a favor and visit this place!!"  you can get tasty mexican food at a supermarket and the prices are really hard to beat... sigh." Found myself in the area today and needed a few basic items so I stopped in. This place is certainly a Marketplace! I felt as if I was shopping in another country almost. It was kinda fun and a bit intimidating. But an experience worth taking. Sometime when I have more time and more on my list I'll explore it in more detail. They had lots of lanes open so getting out was quick and the music was festive and Mexican to add to the feeling you're shopping outside of the USA as well as many of the product lines. I am planning to return periodically and expand my shopping (and cooking) repertoire!!  Muy bueno del Ranch Market  but only order two because you'll want to save room for the seafood bar where you will find a deliciouso shrimp ceviche at a very reasonably price.  I usually order a half pound of the regular shrimp civiche and a half pound of the civiche ensalda; eat a little at the bar on a tostada and take the rest home for lunch the next day.  Yummy!  After you have filled your belly with the tasty carne asada and civiche Shopping here was a real cultural experience tonight and I can't wait to tuck into the treats we brought home!"  the green is out of this world! I get a container of it each time I go!"   and a arroz conleche that might make stop by there every time I am near..that is some good rice pudding.  We also  looked over their large selections of  dried chiles  for my chili carne I am working on.   My husband  found yummy morsels of ceviche  to his liking and he also tried a  variety of streets tacos.   Loved this adventure in food and look forward to going back .." I will return again as there are many many exotic (to me) things I still wish to try and at the low prices I can afford to try them all." Many mexican products!! variety of chiles and salsas. This place is better than Food City. The carnitas they have VXIkI9_EbDbYHeO9IzKjJg  but my heart belongs to the one in Hillcrest) The prices are great-the best of any local grocer. Added bonus...who doesn't want to enjoy some ceviche while they shop?!" The prices are great. Best bang for your buck in this town."  pick up some fresh tortillas and get vegetables I can't normally get elsewhere. All in all I am the envy of all of my out-of-state friends.  Any time they come to the desert for a visit Definitely a must go in Phoenix it is unique and very large."  which is labeled something like chiclet or chica. it is bright blue. and it is heaven in my mouth." If you are in for a cultural experience stop in here.  Don't worry most people speak both English and Spanish.  I prefer to practice my Spanish when I stop in." Where else can you find a bargain cow head for $32!?!  but the butcher area is generally a mad house and a lot of the meats do not look particularly great.  The veggies and fruit are hit or miss Just go. Pick up some real tortillas and some Coke in real glass bottles too. It's still made with sugar  pan dulce (sweet breads) oh! and the cheeses! The meat prices you cannot beat. Steaks so red fresh you could almost see a heart beat. I recently bought a roast at another market for about $15. Here at the Ranch a roast 2.5 times the size was only $3 more!!  This place is BUSY. But from what I saw everything looked clean and there were people ready to help me with whatever I needed. I really loved this place."  is very well priced and VERY delicious. My only advice when coming here; know a little Spanish  the most amazing mexican grocery store! The produce is cheap and incredibly fresh. Also the corn tortillas were fresh made and warm when we bought them VXIkI9_EbDbYHeO9IzKjJg  noisy and kind of overwhelming.  But it is sooo worth it just to come in for one of their delicious agua frescas.  They have a stand near the produce section where they will ladle you a huge cup of iced fruit juice.  My favorites are the cantaloupe and the watermelon Food is good. Place is nice. And girls are hot like a chile lol 5 stars yay! VXIkI9_EbDbYHeO9IzKjJg Everyone who lives in Metro Phoenix needs to go to this place.  It's a true treat!" See ya soon Ranch Market." try their aqua frescas for refreshment during the hot summer!" "The produce is so cheap I suspect it's been stolen. The restaurant inside is delicious and so inexpensive I feel like I'm committing some sort of crime when they swipe my card for under five dollars for the world's best torta and a complimentary agua fresca. The quality of the meats and produce is VERY hit or miss "A trip to this place is fun and entertaining.  I could walk the isles for an hour just looking at everything.  If you love Mexican food you gotta come here.  And the market has the lowest prices for vegetables.  Cucumbers 6 for $1.00 and radishes 3 for $1.00!  I bought a large package of chicken breasts (5 big breasts) and they were only $4.32!  Went home and roasted them up the oven for chicken tacos.  The chicken was perfect.  Next time I'm there my plan is to stock up on chicken breasts for the freezer.  Did I mention the bakery?  Anyway Y1PelgD3NvDHNoFuSM4aMA  especially if you make it there on a Wednesday.  Their meat is also really cheap but you can find anything there a regular grocery store has.  Their diner side is the best Mexican food in the valley.  Very authentic  but I'm certainly not going back until the raspberry of embarassment lightens."  great fun! I wish they had a place like this where I live!" Not bad...they have decent prices.  and cheeses.  Restaurant/cafeteria inside is tasty and you can make your food exactly how you want it (bean and cactus burrito!!).  We go here at least once a week to grab our non-organic stuff...kiwis  big smiles everywhere and a large variety of products and produce!!" Best Mexican grocery store I have been to in a long time. Can't beat the produce prices or the fresh food they sell. I eat everytime I go then shop. Amazing  crowded and overwhelming depending on when you go but I wish there were Ranch Markets here in Columbus PRM - You're awesome!" Oh wow...we found machaca here...took it back on the plane.  Has an incredible and cheap Fonda....tons of choices.  Pasole was special.  Worlds latest pork rinds...great fresh tortillas.  Love this super mercado All-n-all...I love this place.  It is a riot.  Where else in Phoenix will you find a Scrambled Eggs & Hot Dog or Scrambled Eggs & Bologna as two of your breakfast burrito choices?" It's a bit far out of my way to do the regular weekly grocery shopping here - especially as we're getting into summer and I don't know I could get perishables home before they perish...but Ranch is hitting my rotation for sure!"  in all honesty... what could possibly be so good about a little grocery store in a not particularly good part of downtown Phoenix after all? EVERYTHING. Prices lower than Walmart Maybe if I'm craving menudo on weekends  just go here and check it out. It's HUGE and filled with every kind of Mexican food you can possibly imagine. Everything is really cheap and they have TONS of fresh produce. They also have a large selection of hot sauces which I love. I haven't eaten there but my roommate used to go all the time and grab food from the little cafeteria looking area. Highly recommended. Need to try the rotisserie chicken that you walk past on your way in one day. Also  fresh tortillas all for under $30. With a delicious bean burrito in my belly. Yep Definitely going back!"  it was like he only wanted us to buy something already made.  When we used to go before they were always more than willing to cook us whatever we needed. On my way back to my table Needed a place to eat before departure and stumbled on this place. Very  nice people and the food was delish. We ordered tacos and quesadilla - fresh tortillas and fresh meat and huge portions for a very low price ! We were very amazed and left extremely full and satisfied with the service and hospitality we received. I would totally come again!  but everything is fresh. My favorite thing to get here is the fresh corn tortillas they make."  frescas and a nice eating area with both the normal everyday burros/tacos you see everywhere but with other goodies as well. Fresh flour tortillas and a good butcher shop and cheese shop.  A great place to take visitors to also to get a taste of the Southwest."  organized and has amazingly affordable fresh produce. I literally grocery shop nowhere else. I'm in love."  and drop my good grocery money on the fresh made items and other ingredients necessary for a yummy mexican meal."  a fresh packet of 70 is only 2.99. Also got good deals on herbs (cilantro & parsley). I would not buy meat here. The couple in front of me bought ground beef & the plastic had come off of the top on the conveyor built. Neither they nor the cashier seemed pertubed by that!" I stumbled into the shop for some guacamole.  Got some great fresh shrimp ceviche.  What an incredible find!"  just like in south america! and really overall my favorite grocer in the valley! i love supporting local markets "Amazing place with many choices~ if you are around this area  if in a hurry expect to wait there is never a sorry line to pay for your food." I have to agree with the other two star rating.This place used to be top notch.Over the last 7 years they have gone way down. In quality service and in how the food is presented. I wonder if they are having trouble with thier managers. hope that upper management will look into this. I would like to come back and see an emprovement. Love this place. Went there to get ingredients for tamales but much more is offered under this roof. New shoes? Eyebrow waxing? Cell service? That egg/hot dog breakfast burrito? Look no further. Authentic south of the border Mexican feel.  it was a good reminder of the shopping experiences I had before my current battles at my local Fry's and Basha's stores. I suggest we all commit to hitting Ranch Market a little more." "I flippin love this place!!! I have a weird love for Mexican Markets and this place kicks ass!!! You walk into this place and bam! Mexican Sweet Breads!! Oh  fresh meats and they have a butcher that will cut meats for you right in front of you. I am glad that I found this place b/c usually I have had to make lots of stops to pick up things in different places  along with all of the other great Mexican products you can buy here. Highly recommend." So awesome and amazing! Really helpful staff. I love the the tortillas they make themselves there. Authentic. Need I say more. We enjoyed a nice meal for 5 for less than $25. The staff was very nice and helpful. Thank you Ranch Market!" they have mamey shakes here sometimes yummmm! and banana smoothies too. i love the lunch deals at the hot bar and all the mexican products  good to share large sweet buns thatll last us through the weekend. They are delish"  hence the missing fifth star. The former eat-in area had a salsa bar with chips. Now the salsas are behind the counter meaning a wait if you need more "I love their pound cake. The store is clean. There are no flies buzzing or odd smells coming out of the meat and fish department. The staff is super friendly and prompted in assistance. The store has a food court type area and drink stand along with the large variety of fruits The staff is super nice and helpful. Always clean.  Kind of has the feeling of being at a bazaar.  Love it!!!   Glad it's on my way home from work."  breakfast burritos (what we came in for) and much more. This should have been our very first stop in Phoenix!" A great store with a wide variety."  you can then shop for supper because Los Altos Ranch Market is more of a grocer than an actual restaurant.  They have all the organic veggies you'll need for pocket change.  The meat/fish department is impressive without being snooty.  Before you leave  donuts and - the best discovery of the trip - taki chips.  So much seasoning for so little $$$." I'm finding myself at this market multiple times a week be it for a quick stop to pick up fresh vegetables or to grab some cooked food.  You can't go wrong at this place!!" The produce section of the market is the best! This is my new favorite place for fresh and cheap fruits and vegetables. The prices are lower than my usual Fry's food stop. Chicken legs were as low as $0.88 per pound. We bought some pre-marinated chicken for such a bargain. I'm all stocked up for the week. To top it off  I would come back.  I don't think I would drive all the way down here from Surprise for just the tacos though." "This is a great Hispanic grocery store. Many options available that you are not going to be able to find at a place like Safeway. I also think it's a great benefit that my auto insurance company has an office here as well. I recommend their juice bar. The platano juice is a must! When they have it! The only improvement I can see them making is providing bicycle racks at there location. As a safe place to park one's bike as it adds to a safer  juices and the food you name they have it and they do it well."  affordable food. The produce is extraordinary and once you into the spirit of the butcher (ie. any portion of the creature you would like  and bakery. Always smells amazing when I come here. The people are always happy and helpful. Wish more places had this many options!" and it never seems to be too crowded like the ranch market or el super"  I guess if you are shopping for more than just groceries at 11 PM on a weekend this is the place to come.  :/" _WyjHcQB24zyMXrZ7fjEXA  and hard. Definitely going to KFC or churches chicken next time! But deli lady was nice:-)  only plus side!" I recently made a batch of strawberry tamales and found everything I needed except for the strawberries. Hehe.  As I was very limited on time it was awesome that I found remade unseasoned masa por tamales.  This place has great prices for all their products. I love getting their preseasoned carne asada and tres leches for dessert." I went to Ranch Market!!!!!" I will definitely be back here for some shopping and lunch. Most excellent." Not the newest store I've ever been to but the best prices by far. The tortillas are amazing. I only go here if it is an emergency. I HATE it that there is only one door to enter and exit. Is that for loss prevention? What about fire safety? I digress. The avocadoes are very cheap and good to eat. So that is worth it. They also only usually have ONE register open or 2 max. But there are several checkout lanes. The people in this neighborhood deserve better!!!!!   Papaya at 88 cents a pound.  Where in the world can you get these prices except for Food City.  There were meats on sale including chicken for 47 cents a pound.  Couldn't buy because I didn't have a cooler to keep the meats chilled.  Great clean supermarket." If you like the ghetto then this is the Circle K for you. It has my Polar Pop and Tornadoes. I don't care for the ghetto but this is the area I work in. It is convenient and if you need gas you can also fill up here. I prefer to just get in and out as fast as possible but sometimes I am hindered by people that just don't know how to pay for their goods in a timely manner. You need to be quick. If there is no line just get to the register fast because if you decide to browse for just a couple seconds you will now have to wait behind someone. I would recommend going during the daylight hours around here. Everyone is friendly and if you buy a candy bar they will most likely tell you that they have a special if you buy one or two more.  why you there you're going to get mugged. My suggestion to everyone ; avoid the store until they get their act together." Place was clean and not smelly for an asian grocery store." Love love and love.  I heart asian supermarkets." there for the chopping. Its a bit disturbing to the non-meat eaters. Avoid the back wall of the store." But if you don't mind feeling like the only non-Asian within 300 yards in hopes of scoring some ingredients (meats  seeing ingredients I've never used before and wondering just what meals would soon be created from them." ozWBsvbeM2LSPsRDsYKr1Q  just avoid going around lunchtime. There's a dim sum restaurant in the same shopping center and the parking lot gets pretty jam packed with cars and pedestrians."  it's not a bad choice if you're in need of quenching your thirst while you peruse the many aisles of Asian wonderments." It is a great place to just experience."  or custard filling. Each pancake is made to order and is $.50 each. I tried both the custard and red bean pancakes and it was pretty good! Cash only payment for the pancakes. You also have to wait awhile for the pancakes since there is a long line."  at LeeLee in Chandler. Though for the location and diversity it'll do just fine." This market is actually NOTclosed it just has been renamed!!! You can find further reviews under Super L Ranch Market. Was surprised when I saw the closed info here on Yelp so I drove to Lee Lee's in Chandler instead to get my stuff. Yesterday I drove along the 202 and voila saw Super L Ranch (former 99 Ranch) to be open! Went there and got a couple of great items. Very glad to see they are NOT closed! "They are open!  9-9 everyday just changed the name to ""Super L Ranch Market"" Best place in town to get all your luau needs.."  we can't wait to see you again.  Have a great day!" Yelp should be more responsible about saying businesses are closed when they are not!!!"  FC is not the first place I usually think of when doing my grocery shopping. But for the items I simply cannot get at Safeway or Fry's zpKmFI47BWUT-dUlTDSVug The store was very clean and I did notice they had an excellent selection of Hispanic themed items so if you're looking for that sort of thing zpKmFI47BWUT-dUlTDSVug Go there in a leisurely fashion and do an aisle by aisle so you can find the best bargains that you need for your pantry.  But don't forget their produce!!!"  couldn't even buy an aspirin. I love other Food City stores  the rest of the selection of grocery is poor. The products are ones with high fructose corn syrup instead of sugar type. No natural peanut butter or breads. No frozen fruit. Perhaps the neighborhood is lower income. This Food City is across the street from the Holiday Inn Suites so it makes sense to shop here on travels. The staff is friendly and helpful. Easy access from both 44th and McDowell." Cheapest liquor prices I've seen." The store never look so good really cleaned it up made it a place you want to go to. Great selection of liquor and all kinds of beer and wine including craft beers . People in the store friendly and the drive thru makes it great when you're in a hurry Was out partying and needed 1942 tequila stopped at this place got it at a great deal clean store great service!!!!  they allow you to put together your own six-pack of various types so you can try all sorts of new drinks. And if you're in to liquor I love my neighborhood store. I have lived most if my life in small towns. And I am use to being remembered and treated friendly when I walk in a store. In the 2 tears I've been back in Phoenix I believe this is the first place to make me feel welcome and at home. So a big shout out to every one that works at Gary's Liquor!! I strongly recommend dropping by on weekends and sampling some of their newest goodies at one of the many free sample stands."  Costco - with a newly added gas station - on the other side.  If you need it - it's most likely here."  twelve-packs of relish and blocks of cheese that will you last you the rest of your life? You can't beat the prices or the ever changing selection. But the best part? The samples (weekends Where are the vegetarian options??  Thats nice you can get a 20 pack of Italian sausages  pasta with an artichoke alfredo sauce and angelfood cake topped with whipped cream and a strawberry. yay! I've heard their churros are also yummy but have never eaten at the little cafe. clearly there's no need to."  I hope I go to the big costco in the sky...." And don't be a philistine.  Medium rare  and so I am here harping on the two problems I have with CC. One is the parking mentioned by other reviewers and the other is the bad service at the food court. I don't mean the samples handed out on almost every aisle and the hassle of the lines as stereotypical fat people line up like hippos at a rotten carcass to 'just try a sample'. I mean the little restaurant inside the store where the hippos line up to drown their peptides in sugar and grease. The food at any CC is outstanding fast food at an unbelievably good price. The pizza is fresh and really tasty and only 9.99 for a whole pie And their house pizza at the snack bar? Killer. There was a stupid Chuck-e-cheese type place back in Chicago my parents used to take me to when I was a kid  I have the healthiest most functional relationship with Paco than I have had with any to date"  I shop with confidence at Costco. The offerings go way beyond the trusted brands and I value the ability to sample food items before buying. The Kirkland house brand never disappoints and I swear their flowers last longer than any other florists' bouquet!"  I never seem to have a problem. I park on the north side or sometimes I ride my bike. (They do have a couple places in front where you can lock up your bike.)"  and tire service center but I have yet to utilize those services.  I am a fan of the place and will surely keep up my membership there." Long live American Consumerism!"  I'm not complaining too much as long as I get my free samples!"  Costco is directly responsible for the fact that I am now full of anti-oxidents. Every month I make sure I have stocked up on soy milk  but this is one of a couple of exceptions I make.  It seems they treat their employees fairly as most of the employees at this store seem to have been there for years if not a decade. One thing that gives me comfort in my purchasing is they have a terrific return policy and take about anything back." "This Costco is the best. Its never super busy even on weekend mornings. Parking isnt a nightmare ever! There are cute boys who work there all over the place  pay the extra money and get everything done the same day  Costco.  I am sure I'll be back soon... I have a feeling I may need to stock up on diapers and wipes at some point in the near future!"  never had this problem at any other Costco. I showed the lady my card and she tells me I have to go to the other side and show my card to the other lady. UHH does she have a special card scanner at the entrance? NOPE. She is just a worker standing by the door like you. I know it's not a big deal to walk around the counters to get to the food court Not always the best price and often over crowded but still like Costco. My biggest complaint is that they are in bed with the sleazy company American Express. I so wish they would break that tie then I would give them 5 stars.  I'd rather earn $1-1pt rewards using my credit card than $3-1pt rewards."  there are so many samples to try you wont even need lunch. Beware of buying stuff you do not need. It's so easy to say "It's Costco in Scottsdale. What can you say. Nice selection Costco is the Shiznit. They have everything and not to mention the fact that their generic brand (kirkland) is the best of any generic. They have great food and a Super cheap food court (that only takes cash). You cannot beat Costco. Only reason it's not 5 stars is because the Chandler location is nicer.  for sure. And I love it." "My main review is for the Photo department which I obviously work a lot with.   The photo staff remains in place for years....which I LOVE.  They all know me....know my quirks....and jump through hoops to make sure I'm happy (which I always am).  Can't say enough good things about them.  And the stuff that they can do (poster This Costco location has the best Tire Center I've ever visited. The check-in/check-out process was efficient and the wait-time quote was right on. The member gas station has been our favourite aspect and the main reason we got a membership.  We never fill up anywhere else.  Generally about 5 cents less than others nearby."  the optician (thanks Dr.s Ryan and Huang - I can see now) I love Costco for the variety and value it offers. I shop at the original ""Price CLub on Morena in San Diego and also the Arcadia location in Phoenix. Both rock. I see the same people all the time who are helpful and friendly. Most would never be able to spot the store manager at the Arcadia store because more often than not you will see him stocking shelves. You just have to know that's the boss. That fits with my idea of management. When the boss is that hands-on  including ""food-sample-giver-outers"". I like to purchase gas at the Costco gas station next door and then walk around inside Older Costco still holds up well. tFyQbNbBQEyEc9oCr1pJUg  food and everything in between!  A definite must in my book  or their own Credit card." Costco also has some cool online exclusives  but this Costco has to be one of the better organized and there are an abundant amount of workers to help you out.  Be prepared to spend at least $100.  You think you only need a few things "Really like the employees here. So friendly.  I'd give them five stars if they'd just carry more organic food. Right now I like their organic milk Cons: I drive a high performance car and the manufacturer recommends only premium gas. I thought I was buying that from Costco. Turns out I wasn't. My car mechanic told me that my engine was full of deposits left by poor quality gas. The check engine light came on. Costco buys their gases from whoever is offering the lowest prices (savings they pas on to their customers). I guess that's fine for a regular car "Love the cheap gas there compare to all other major brand gas stations.  Their gas station usually close an hour after the actual store closes.  If you want some cheap gas and don't want to wait in line  they do their best to ensure the quickest wait time. Last month the Pharmacist told me that there was a coupon I could get to save $50 on my meds. Great customer service!" "I love this Costco. I've never had anything less than exceptionally friendly and helpful service there. Employees will stop in the middle of working on any job to help me get down large items XLqnjlLYt0_q_NG7l_BpMA PS: The Kirkland brand cranberry and macadamia nut cereal is delightful." Tl; dr: Costco~because you're worth it" I always have a good time here. So should everyone else. Costco ftw!" The staff is nice .... Tables never seem to be clean and treys the beef brisket was great except for the bread On the inside it is your typical Costco. They have a pretty nice pharmacy and more pet supplies than some Costcos so i was pretty impressed by that. The staff are always super friendly and accommodating and like at any Costco you can return pretty much anything. Make sure if you want to eat in the food court area you bring cash or check because they don't take cards! My only complaint is that the tables by the eating area is always really dirty. They should have some team members come by and clean them once in a while." XLqnjlLYt0_q_NG7l_BpMA "Every time I visit which is about once a week I can find everything I need and leave satisfied. I love how clean it is and the employees are very nice at the register. The photo people I would say are the least happy Sunday morning when the doors open- walk through the park (downside sample stands aren't set up yet. And rotisserie chickens aren't out yet)." Protip: Get the Costco AMEX card.  Free membership to Costco and it has a pretty good rewards program."  I wonder to myself... are the savings really worth it? And for now After yesterday I know where I'll be shopping for tires when it is time. Customer Service goes an amazing way. Thank you CostCo!" A Great place and everyone is very friendly!  then she went on again about it. We already hate it here and we just joined. Big mistake. Get prepared to be hounded to upgrade your membership and use their Amex even if you like yours. I told her ""this is becoming unpleasant and I really don't appreciate the big push."" And she went on still. You only get one chance to make a good first impression." I've had their pizza in the past & it was good."  but hate shopping at Costco you might find this location a lot more tolerable."  but mostly it's the same prices in larger quantities.  And the stuff that is more expensive (chicken breasts for example I'm almost positive are slightly more than Fry's) come in such a bulk quantity that it's worth it imho." If you like cheap gas thou...go here. worth every penny."  the woman asked me three times what day I want to pick up the cake.  Instead of putting me on hold she sets the phone down and all I can hear is pans or something being slammed around.  Then she transfers me to an office area where these forms are supposedly faxed into.  The woman tells me she has not received my order even though I have confirmation that it went through the first time.  The woman tells me the fax number I was given from this location originally "This store is awesome! Wish it had a car wash tho Costco saves me money on select items when i need them. However not being able to use my master card keeps me from shopping there more often. Its easy to get your membership coats back in savings too. "I love Costco just wish it wasn't always so busy.  Costco has the best return policy in the whole world and the employees are usually very friendly and helpful.  The eye care staff are awesome and the savings we got on glasses and contacts paid for our membership fee in one transaction.  I use the Costco Amex for all my purchases so Amex and Costco send me about $1k each year in cash just for paying my bills So instead of my prescription being ready as requested (and they had plenty of time to check their voicemail) Not great... But still Costco and they get three stars regardless because they do have all the usual amenities. :)"  and Costco is good for things like Half/half and eggs.  We go through a lot of half and half.  Gas?  you bet.  Always priced great. Anyway  it's a Costco and it's a great place to shop." "The selection here is fantastic. I always receive excellent customer service and it's nice when they have the fresh seafood out during the weekend. Plus the gas prices are some of the best in town. They are busy during the weekends  and c) because I didn't have a membership card.  I went in anyway and she was very upset.  Then the guy at the membership desk couldn't be bothered to acknowledge me while he did heaven knows what.  Finally he told me my online form I was told to fill out online  ever!! I go here just for the hot dogs! They may be cheap but don't let that fool you. I don't know what they put in them but they are like crack. I can't get enough!!"  then make sure you're money isn't missing. Open it up again and take the overflow. Nothing is more frustrating than watching people go through on other lines while we sit here and wait for your employees to do their thing." XLqnjlLYt0_q_NG7l_BpMA XLqnjlLYt0_q_NG7l_BpMA  bye bye y hasta la pasta!"  Chevron! Thanks for always being so friendly."  sometimes the printer does not work at the pumps and you have to go in to get your receipt."  but there was no auto shut off on the pump resulting in my gas overflowing all over my car. Really? That is ridiculous. Plus this station is always more expensive than other nearby stations. I don't typically review gas stations....but this one stood out in that it was so not good."  was it good!  Now I go there all the time and obsess all morning when I know I'm going there for lunch.  Sometimes it even starts the night before. Looks like some reviewers have  enjoyed the burritos but I've never branched out.  I cannot get enough of their carne asada tacos.  No mystery meat or gristle  & cheese burrito. A nice lady cooks them all up right there in front of you and they are TASTY! Make sure you get some red salsa to go with it. I hvae been craving those burritos since I went a month ago. Wish I lived next door to the place....Probably good that I don't. ;)" Seriously yes I'm about to write a review recommending A Chevron station for food. This lady makes truly awesome breakfast burritos my favorite being the sausage egg and cheese however the   chorizo is pretty good and I don't typically like that. Did I mention her red sauce??  If someone can talk her into bottling her red sauce I will buy it   I cannot attest to her lunch fare however. But for breakfast this  is one of my favorite places This Cheveron gas station provides EXCELLENT customer service. The cashier is very outgoing and knowledgeable. She asked key questions and was a pleasure to work with. The gas station inside and out is very clean. They have a magnificent selection on all sorts of products. The two employees were hard at work. See you again in the close future. 60i9h-gPKH1f0YC_bZXDhg My wife and I had Cherryblossom on our list for a while. Finally stopped in for lunch when we were in the area and noticed the crowd wasn't overflowing. Both parking and seating are tight. And this is obviously a popular spot.  saying she would send him over. Finally had our orders in about 15 minutes after being seated-- Champon for me and Udon Sucki for her along with two rolls of sushi and gyoza. Initial drinks landed soon after ordering and food followed some minutes behind. That's all we saw of our waiter again for a long while. The lack of service really put a damper of the experience since we came in excited to eat here.  fill your belly with a sandwich and wash it down with 3 shots of Jim Beam. you rock. don't get caught with a DUI now."  so you will have to wait a bit longer than in a fast food restaurant but its worth it if you value freshly cooked food.  This store has a huge selection of liquors and wines and one shot mini bottles too."  though I think their beer prices are a bit on the high side.  $1 more then I consider right for a six-pack of craft beer.  Can't beat the location (for me) though." The best gas station/ deli / liquor store/ everything ..... Stopped in and found Johnny Walker blue..... Johnny Walker blue at a gas station  wow wow wow thanks guys!  more navigatable space. Very organized with prices highly visible. I usually go here for restaurant supplies which are EXPENSIVE. Really...a plastic silverware tray has to cost $32? But they cleaning supplies and paper products are relatively cheap and come in ""semi"" bulk  I'll go here.  This store has great meat deals.  The cleaning products are also exceptional.  This store occasionally has good prices on beer as well." This is a good place I think for the small mom and pop places that have a higher markup than the corporate giants...overall 3 stars..maybe 3 and 1/2 on a good day."  and the staff are quite pleasant. I'll have to keep this place in mind for our next party and Thanksgiving Good prices. I was able to get full size candy bars for the trick-o-treaters without breaking the bank (and no  etc.?  This is the place to get it at a cheap price.  They have most regular grocery items and a surprising number of natural and organic things that you wouldn't expect them to have." "Perfect for the Loma Linda neighborhood and it appears that it has been here a long time.  You can stop in for beer g6wD_iM7rdeeGizFHQucow "I grew up down the street from this place! Surprised to see that there are a couple reviews on Yelp. Its a good convenience store for cheap things that you need quickly. I personally buy too much soda and candy there which is not much of a need I love this place!! I just moved to the neighborhood and Mike could not be friendly & welcoming!!! He always calls me by name when I come in & asks how my day is going. If I could do all my shopping here I would :) Love their sandwiches.  Never had the pizza.  Love the Italian cheese and desert treats selection.  Love the small but densely packed shelves of canned and bottled cooking materials."  it's next to Burland Jewelry.... so pick up a Mortadella Sandwich AND some diamond studded earrings all  in one stop = HEAVEN ;o)"  triangle shaped Italian pastries (kind of like a phyllo-croissant) filled with orange-flavored ricotta and sometimes candied citrus peel and bring it home for breakfast with a nice cup of espresso made on the stove." Niccoli's is like a little Italy right on 16th street! Check 'em out!"  throw the wrappings in someone else's wastebasket.  A day later mine still smells like vinegar and peperocini."  you got some schmootz there on the side-a your mouth from droolin.  Go over there to Niccoli's.  Get that taken care of." "Stopped in today for the first time and was amazed at how good and fresh their sandwich was. I got the Italian sub and it was AWESOME!!!!!!!!! I'm going back tomorrow to get a cheese steak  huge huge portion.  I'll have a nice breakfast tomorrow morning!  Regardless of being full I did indulge in my cannoli.  The filling was just like Zia Pietra's minus the chocolate chips and citron.  So delicious that I could not bear to leave a trace of it on the paper it came wrapped in.  Know what I did?  I licked the wrapper clean...yeah  and I'm not sure there's another generation waiting in the wings to take over.  Go and experience it before we lose this precious little gem of Phoenix history." I only purchased some hoggie rolls at this place but the bread quality was fantastic.  I'll be back to by some more yummy goodies at this place.  I make a mean cannoli filling. I get my cannoli shells from Niccoli's. :)" "Just go here and get the Italian Sub.  It's fantastic!  Also they have real deli meats and cheeses  and turkey subs.  All delicious.  Their cookies and pastries are delicious too.  Can't wait to try the pizza and lasagna.  Staff is super friendly too." this trip was the Italian beef. FANTASTIC!!" As you walk into this friendly little Deli Packed to the ceiling with what you can expect to find in any establishment that calls itself an Italian style Deli in the heart of Manhattan. . . Only in the north part of Phoenix. The owner and his wife have been bringing this authentic NY experience to AZ for around 35 years. All the Cheeses! The LASAGNA ! The Garlic bread! TREMENDOUS!!!! Best Meatballs in town. Italian Sandwich is outstanding as well. Great service and friednly atmosphere. Can't wait to try the Pizza.  it is a tiny Italian grocer that has fantastic food.  I am addicted to the Italian sub sandwich that has their famous Italian dressing.  I live very far from this place so I don't get here much anymore but I have to come here every once in a while for their olive oil.  It is very tiny and only has a few chairs so get your food to go.  You must stop in sometime and just check it out.  It is a little hard to find in the corner of a strip mall just North of Bethany on the West side of 16th Street."  but the quality is good and the place is local.  It is definitely worth the visit  best in valley.  Skip the fake Valley bakery's when you can have the real thing.  Delightful Couple small Business.  Husband Bakes and is also the Cashier.   I also purchased Fresh Rolls  and some of the nicest people you'll meet!!!" I love this place! The best pizza in all of Arizona! The subs are to die for. The grocery section you can spend forever in trying to decide what  you want to buy this time. The staff is what really makes this place fantastic. Joe and Pepe are two of the sweetest people one can ever meet. Oh yeah also try Joe's homemade sausages. The second time I went I gave one of their sandwiches a try. They were delicious!!! Again  really authentic and bursting with flavor." "Best Italian sub I've had. Very nice owners. Just be aware there's no place to sit  Drago Antico Pandolce Genovese Panettone of Genoa 1 Kilo Old Genoa's Cake $25.95 a crumb style Holiday Bread/Cake.   The Pannetones are all incredible especially Fig & Dark Chocolate Panettone from Colavolpe Approx $50.00 combination of sweet baked figs and dark chocolate.   Also It's a great place to stop in for lunch to grab an Italian sandwich - extra Italian dressing!" great hard to find items as well Fanatic little gem at 16th and Bethany Home Road; owners took great care of us.  Great selection in the grocery section.  Make sure to get the cannoli! Must come back and try the 'za sometime." I can't wait to some back!"  desserts and a small selection of Italian staples to take home.  The woman (co-owner???) behind the counter is very sweet and I'm very happy to patronize (what appears to be) a family-owned local business.  Having said that It is a great place with a lot of good food. Family owned and run Cannoli.  This review is only for the cannoli.  5 stars!  They fill it while you wait.  Crunchy outside shell and creamy filling.  Absolute heaven. PSS- The setting is extremely casual. Plastic tables with table clothes....but who goes to a deli for ambiance anyway?"  amazing family run Italian deli. Almost everything there is imported. Food is soo good "Sooooo delighted to have finally discovered this wonderful Italian gem! My sausage was delicious and Peppy was welcoming and gracious...I was treated like an old friend! Looking forward to experiencing the pizza "The Italian sub was very tasty. Coming back for the meatball Homemade bread with awesome chew and mouthfeel. Spicy capocollo ham. Dressing made inhouse - great pepperoncini heat. Owners are very friendly. I will be coming back here for sure."  meats and cheeses.  I just drove up ordered a sandwich and met the owners.  I am 100% certain I will be going back!"  Romanelli's has become too far a drive for me. But I'm definitely glad to have found this place in my new neighborhood! There's a good choice of products imported from Italy here Niccoli's is easily one of the best Italian delis in Arizona and it just happens to be owned and operated by two of the nicest people." T5HYqRADhAL6VPRAacz74Q If you are craving an east coast style deli then this place is for you." "The hubs and I were staying in this part of town for our anniversary.  Decided to give this place a try as we wanted good non-Subway sandwiches.  We arrived at about 10:45 am and the place was already hoppin'.  There was only one gentleman working so service was a tad slow but we didn't mind...we were on vacation after all.  And the food was well worth the wait!!  My husband and I split the Italian sub and the ham/provolone sub.  The subs had no mayo or mustard but had a delightful oil and vinegar-type sauce that definitely made the subs stand out.  We usually don't eat onions and both subs came with onions but we ate them and didn't mind them because the subs had such wonderful flavor  whether you go for ingredients to make your own meal or want to try something they make fresh it's totally worth your time. If they're not that busy  a package of pasta and our bill total was almost $80.00 . Well both my parents were Italian immigrants and homemade foods were a staple in our house. This is were my expierience went bad. The so called imported cheese was flavorless and it was the worse cheese I ever had and it costed  $27.00 for 3/4 0f a pound. What a descrase and what a rip off. The jar of peppers for almost $12.00 was tastless and already opened. I have never been so upset that people would purposly deseve hard working people out of their money a sell a infarior product and claim its something else. Shame on yo Niccoli's Deli. Maybe you can fool people who don't know better  1/2 lb of Hot Capicola and 1/2 lb of Mortadella totaling approximately $80.  We are from NY and have Italian in our blood. We are used to good Italian delis in NY.  Yours doesn't even come close.  I should have realized when there was no smell of cheese when we walked in. The sandwiches were ok If you're in the area and want some delicious Italian products "The best Italian sub I've had yet! The bread was so soft & fresh. The meat was extremely good. My husband's meatball sub looked amazing That's it. Now go get some good food." T5HYqRADhAL6VPRAacz74Q I can't wait to go in and try the meatball sub! This is a mom and pop shop! Go support LOCAL!!!!!" The best Italian sub I've ever had.  Another person in my party ordered a meatball sub and shared the same sentiments - absolutely delicious! Consume at your own risk." I rarely write reviews these days but Niccoli's deserves one. I stopped in to pick up their house made Italian sausage to make my favorite lasagna for Christmas day. I also grabbed a can of imported tomatoes and two sandwiches for lunch for me and the BF. I've eaten here before and I always get the Italian - it is DELICIOUS - totally messy and dripping in vinegar and oil. Yum. My only complaint is the prosciutto selection. I don't mind paying for quality but $34 or $42 a lb is pretty steep. I'd like to see a less expensive option. That said Niccoli's is a neighborhood gem and I'm happy I only live a few blocks away.  and customer service."  I kick myself for not finding this mom and pop family place sooner. I can't wait to go back to try something else...can't miss with this place its awesome." Love this place. Best Italian sandwich I've ever had. The Italian beef and there tuna sandwich with hot peppers where also definitely worth coming back for over and over again. My only complaint is the prices are high for the imported products from Italy. I understand I have to pay more for the importing but some of the prices are way beyond what I could ever conceive of spending on a single food item." T5HYqRADhAL6VPRAacz74Q  a great place for lunch if you're in the area!"  but I would consider this place again for a pricier but solid Italian meal (especially for takeout).  I will probably also try a more affordable item They also have some unique olive oils & other related grocery items that are hard to find."  they are sold out of sausage. Note to self: get here earlier. Settled on cannoli and biscotti. Cannoli are filled on the spot Came here because of the good reviews but if you've had decent Italian food you would agree this place is not up to par. The raviolis tasted freezer burned and the sauce tastes as if from a jar. Absolutely nothing great about this place. "Only tried a ""small"" antipasto salad and the cannoli so far but awesome! Friendly! Huge fresh salad! Best cannoli in Phoenix and my NY husband agrees! Will definitely go back!" Read about this place in Phoenix magazine and decided to try it. Living in East Mesa I was having higher expectations of finding a really good Italian Deli. What I found was an extremely over priced little shop in a strip mall. I did purchase some cannoli's at $4.00 a piece that turned out to be just average. I will update this once I try the pasta dishes :)"   it seems as though they have a restaurant attached to the deli called Poppy's Place. Have to check that out soon!"  melt-in-your-mouth meats.  It was the best version of this that I've ever had!  The owners and employees are always so friendly too." "Wow - how have I never been here before?  This place is incredible!  I stopped in one day on my way home from yoga to pick-up some lunch for the hubby and I.  The owners are so welcoming and kind and really made me want to hang out with them all afternoon.  I ordered the meatball sub By Far one of the best Italian Sandwiches in the US! This place is amazing! Hands Down. This place makes you not want to ever go to a subway ever again! Must Check this place out!  I am definitely going to come back and give their pizza and italian sandwich a try." Loved the lady who makes you feel like you're a guest in her home (Peppy is her name).  The cannolis were out of this world.  Different kind of filling; but excellent just the same.  and best of all my son in law bought lunch..  I took a menu I'm glad I stumbled upon this little tucked away gem. Best Italian sub I've had in the valley! We had some solid meatball sandwiches and the service was excellent. I found the homemade bread no better than supermarket though.  The prices of the menu items on the were high side and the grocery items outrageously expensive. I'll probably be back just to try something else.  the bread was good but the sauce had no flavor "I ordered the meatball sandwich and it was extremely sloppy and hard to eat. The sandwich was falling apart all over the place from the first bite. For $10 and no side  HOLY COW THEY ARE HUGE....and that is just  half!!!! She talked to me about the Italian culture and her marriage and she introduced me to coworkers and her husband was in the back working so i just shot him a friendly wave...I will definitely be back to try another sub or even the pizza...I will also bring my BFF who is Sicilian and I know she will love it. I am so happy I live so close to this Deli Chef John stamp of approval." I was going to give the place a 5/5 before I even tried the sandwich because everyone is so so friendly and the place smells delicious.  Then I tried the sandwich and seriously don't think I've ever had a better sandwich than that.  I just finished eating and I'm already ready to go back."  very best Italian sub I have ever had. Every bite gets better and better. I have been wanting to try this place for years and haven't had the chance. I'm bummed I didn't do this sooner!!!!! This sandwich has ruined it for any other Italian sub I might try...but then again I probably won't knowing this one is untouchable. Total perfection."  customer service and the pasta I cooked later that week. Good experience overall"  the Awesome Customer Service.... Everything I have ever bought at Niccoli's is beyond delicious!  The deli meats Returned and got the Italian Sub. For $9 you get a Italian Sub with 5 quality meats  is delicious. The owners are also very pleasant and friendly. They have wonderful grated cheese and other Italian cooking supplies in their grocery store. There is a dining area as well. Very mom and pop place with local proprietors." I've only had dreams of an Italian sub as good as the one you get at Niccoli's! We regularly get meats and the fresh mozzarella to enjoy at home. The people are always so nice and the food is superb. Hands-down the best Italian sub you'll ever have.  the seating isn't great but they've invested in a really nice tv to watch the news on and the owners are just sooo great. Get the Italian sub with extra peppers. You won't regret it!" Customer service is AMAZING! You can definitely feel like you're part of their little family in there. They also sell a lot of imported goodies too!"  beginning when I worked in the same parking lot and found this gem. The owners are great people and a lot of love goes into their food. I love their sandwiches on fresh bread "Most AMAZING Italian sub ever and cookies were quite yummy too! Peppy the wonderful face of the business  a quart of their marinara and the cavatelli. Will definitely stop back.. Delicious!"  she always welcomes me warmly.  Joe is a master behind the deli line.  I love supporting local when it's on this caliber." Maybe if I just keep calling the corporate office until they recognize my voice..."  hot foods and butcher block - but then you wouldn't be cheap The only downside is the crowd. It's always cramped and I feel like I'm in every body's way. I damn sure know everybody is in my way. I don't like dodging people or obstacles. I don't like getting bumped into by carts and huge lady purses. There was even one point after picking up my spinach that I was trapped by two carts. The drivers were oblivious. I stood there  but what you lose in time you save in price." It's a bit pricey...Why so pricey?---I guess for the privilege of buying something healthy?...vs...something fabricated by DOW chemicals and produce shot full of altered chromosomal waste!" "There are certain items that I always buy at Trader Joe's.  My most favorite is their orange flavored chicken.  You buy it in the frozen food section.  It is low in calories and is so easy and fast to make.  I serve it over rice and I have a great dinner.  My husband loves it too.  I also love their ready made salads Go here.  Get some meatless meatballs and some whole wheat pasta.   Have a tasty dinner."  the staff are all really friendly They have new products all the time. I am addicted. Addicted. Is there a 12 step program for Trader Joes? I hope not. It's one addition I plan on continuing to feed." Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA I feel good when I shop here." Just to name a few..."  and always chock-full of obnoxious and/or oblivious people who wield carts like weapons. My favorite is the woman who thinks it's an awesome time to teach little Jimmy how to push his own wee cart and comparison shop I also love that I can randomly grab beautiful flowers on my way out the door...and the flowers are always something interesting and exciting." They also have nice succulents in cute pots outside and their flowers are gorgeous and super cheap.  I always look forward to spring when they have daffodils- something like 10 for $2?  Can't beat that."  along with the pesto. Very very good and at a great price. I wish they had a sales section like my handy dandy F&E.. Ooo.. and I like their honey wheat pretzels..yum! And I think they are only a dollar fifty or so.. Oh  my husband and our dogs here. i like the prices a lot. i like that the people are nice and their eggs are the best tasting in all the land. i don't like that pomegranate seeds are hard to come by. i get sad when they're out of cheese curds. and i get frustrated when it is super busy. but otherwise  better quality food and organic! You can`t beat their fresh flowers and assorted orchids and plants either! I love Trader Joes! Great selection of wine and beer I love shopping at Trader Joe's. They carry plenty of bagged meals for two people that you can just heat up and eat. They aren't full of awful chemicals like at the grocery store Really cool place.  So many yummy things to find there! I absolutely love Trader Joe's!  It has so many more options for vegetarians than other supermarkets.  Their prices are really reasonable too.  you should shop here. Just a fun place. Staff is very friendly and they really seem to enjoy working at Trader Joe's. Great selection of food." Two thumbs up and inflight approved!   :)"  but it adds up if you're not careful." The bottom line - their employee's are just so friendly and always cognizant of check-out line lengths & open up more registers instantly if lines get to long. Keep up the good work TJ's -The parking lot is dark as hell. I had the closest spot to the store and could barely see to get my keys in the door! Its super scary and unsafe feeling."  but more affordable pricing. I love that they always have sampling and end caps that feature all the new products. A HUGE parking lot  and could only get better if they sold something to help me with my game  friendly and helpful.  Check out system is effective and they do a drawing for those who bring their own bags in and raffle gift cards - never won  who doesn't love being recognized and rewarded for using a reusable grocery bag? I just know one day they'll pull my ticket from the fish bowl! ;)" Hell...a few apps and a couple bottles of 2 Buck Chuck and I have a party!"  I am a fan. I've always gotten a fair deal at TJ's even back when I was struggling to make rent on my studio apartment. I felt they were in my corner "overpriced and grocery carts are in the parking lot if you need one. I prefer a Sprouts  especially since they take back items with no questions asked. If you have a bad experience then don't be a hater Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA  I will probably never be a regular here.  The reason I frequent this Trader Joe's is because its A) close to my office  having come out to Phoenix and finding it I was all too excited to check it out. I am very pleased with it. This particular location has that outpost/trader store look and feel. They are basically a mini version of Whole Foods or Sprouts minus all the fancy extras and a lower cost. I love the options. The sparkling mineral water for $.99. The Olive Oil for $4.99. The curry simmer sauce for $2.29. The ground turkey for $3. Organic foods at average prices. I am  not sure how they do it I wish they would build a whole foods nearby..."  and there is a surprisingly diverse selection of good ones here. I almost have to avoid the area of the store completely or I'll come home with tons of it." Love their Cream Top milk and I think Trader Joes is the only place in the Valley to get it.  Makes great cheeses at home ! What's not to love about Trader Joe's? Everyone who works there is really pleasant and their produce and other items are great and reasonably priced. Their Salad mixes are awesome and are what I'm currently hooked on. Suggestion: Go to Trader's Joe's on a Wednesday between 10:00am and 2:00pm and you can take advantage of the fresh produce outside at the farmer's market I heart you Trader Joe's and I'm glad you're right up  the street from me." Will make sure I check dates next time." Bought an apple pie and it went moldy in two days. Brie was expensive and the worst tasting I've ever had. "This is my go to TJ's for the location and service.  Very friendly staff that are always helpful.  Located between home and work These are just to name a few.  Trader Joes knows how to do a unique Who doesn't love trader joes?  a lot of the food items are from China.     I am not digging that. I think they have gotten a little bit better than they used to be with that.    A lot of their fish at one time was from China. You get to fill out a coupon for your chance in a raffel for each bag you bring in when shopping. Which is  always a  good incentive.  Food is fresh and good. Everything is a good price  "I really dig this place.  They have a lot to offer for such a small wittle store.  I am definitely in love with the low prices on flowers and plants Mainly because everyone who works here are super cool ...and will bend over backwards to answer your questions... or walk you to where your object of desire happens to be.   LOVE shopping here!" "Just moved into the area and went to this location. It was so busy but staff was very helpful as I'm not used to this store and couldn't find the things I usually get. One time I went to another store and there was a demo of waffles with pomegranate seeds and yoghurt on it.  At this store there was a  sample with Belgian waffles  and they're a great place to grab a sandwich or salad or whatever if you're running errands on your lunch break. I confess: I have eaten an entire party sushi plate from Trader Joe's in one sitting. No shame. Their chocolate spread is better than Nutella Employees are friendly and I recommend you take advantage of the samples throughout the store. Come hungry!"  interesting and new healthy things to try.  Impeccably clean and staff is always friendly."  but it is all quality ingredients." Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA Only real food left in this country is trader joe unless you run your own farm  but whatever they carry is always fresh and in season. They also carry gorgeous flower arrangements cheaper than most other stores in the valley. I can't do all my shopping here due to the lack of toiletries and cleaning products   and looks cleaner. Love the hummus and wine collection they have here ."  and produce is incredable." Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA  then sprinkled w fresh arugula and balsamic-pomegranate glac.  Omg so good. And then gazpacho.  And wine. Duh." Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA  so check out was pretty quick. There were a lot of people working "Even before I moved to this CenPho neighborhood I've been an enthusiastic customer of this store - most of the times that I happened to be in the area I'd come in and shop. The foods  had some pretty good prices and a lot of the goods. And like the variety of not norm grocery items "What's not to love at Trader's! 5 Stars all around! It is always friendly and clean at this location.  Trader's has a great selection in produce "Everyone I have encountered working here is friendly and helpful.  They were very busy this evening but made sure all registers were open and everything was well stocked.  Great soup sample The staff at this store is friendly and there is a good positive energy as soon as you walk through the doors. This store is often crowded but the line tends to move fast."  and Mango Trek Mix.  Love that stuff.  South Chandler/Ocotillo/Fulton Ranch really needs a TJ's.  This one was similar to all the others Hoping someone in their product development group takes a closer look at this item." Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA Very nice staff! It's always packed in here & I'm not surprised! Quality food! Lots of options! I absolutely love the vegan options as well as the GMO-free foods (all Trader Joe's brand is GMO-free). I have to say the prices are greats as well! Love TJ's!! Friendly associates and unique/healthy food are always comforting to me. I still don't know why they ring that bell. Anyone? Is it a congratulatory jingle for bringing in your own bags bc your eco-friendly? Is it because you were the 100th customer and get some sort of prize? Maybe next time Got a few snacks and crackers for my ride home." This location was quaint and very clean! Smaller than the one back in ABQ but everything we wanted or needed was here as well." -Roasted red pepper soup" The staff is always very helpful!" OUTSTANDING SERVICE!!! Ms whoever you are Great place for groceries. It is affordable which is a major plus (like their .19 cent bananas) and always convenient. I definitely recommend stopping in for a quick lunch. Pick up a salad or a ready made wrap and lunch is as good as done. Plus they have silverware and napkins right by the exit so you are all set! Thumbs up Trader Joe on Camelback Rd!"  and super friendly service. Just the kind of things you would expect at a Trader Joe's."  and they are always willing to open something so you can try it out before you buy it... how cool is that!"  but you get the picture)... and their stores are always clean and tidy.  Even if all you do is walk in and buy a bottle of Cookie Butter (stay away from the cocoa swirl I love Trader Joes. I do all my shopping between here and Sprouts on Indian School. This is the only place I don't feel like a bother asking questions to the staff. They are so friendly and at the checkout they ask questions and we always have a nice conversation. I love that they always have new items as well! PLUS the flowers are always BEAUTIFUL!" "Wonderful TJ's in the same strip mall as Whole Foods.  Wow.  So I got my staples here for my trip to Sedona:  water Great location! It's the perfect walk from our place to grab some lunch. Everyone is always so nice and the food is always great!  I purchased more beer and wine that is humanly necessary. Trader Joe's doesn't need a review. Of course a visit here is wonderful. This is a definite favorite of mine!" "Love love love this Trader Joe's. Their flowers are amazing and CHEAP! They have these little chocolate covered banana bites (""Gone Bananas"" try them!) amongst other goodies that are so yummy. Besides the great prices and unique finds I love this TJ's. Staff is awesome and always greets you with a smile. They all take pride in their food and have some great suggestions for recipes. It's also convenient as it's a great place to grab some food after my workouts since la fitness is right next door! Thank you Trader Joe's for being you This is my stop on the way home 1-2 times per week.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  We love the natural selections and variety that can be changed up every week or so.  Hope that they get the TJ's Coconut Water in again soon! "I love Trader Joe's and always choose to visit a Trader Joe's in addition to your generic grocery stores. Entering a Trader Joe's is like going on a little vacation. They have unique products at a reasonable price. I always find something new and delicious! Sadly I love Trader Joe's and each visit reminds me why. Great food  this time it was a certain type of goats milk. I called several different grocery stores and none carried the item I was looking for except Trader Joe's!! They also have amazing prices on there frozen fruits for my smoothie. Thanks Trader Joe's you saved the day!" "This is a great location.  It is clean and well organized. The produce is beautiful. The beer and wine section is huge hebXGQk5ggZSwTlUoEcTWQ Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA  unnecessarily-harried luxury SUV driver to spot your predicament and SPEED UP to try to intimidate and punish you for having the audacity to even potentially cause them to slow down in the least.  Once you make it alive you will find that their parking is bad too at Fry's. But the arrogant driving on 20th Street ends in the Fry's parking lot where the piss poor layout necessitates the greatest of community cooperation and patience -- PROVING that the display of arrogance on 20th Street is purposeful.  Why?!!" This is my go-to grocery store and I can honestly say that if they sold every grocery item I need I would probably never go anywhere else for groceries. They have awesome products at gray prices and friendly staff. But for the crazy crowds that inhabit the store most of the time I would have given this Trader Joe's a 5-star review. Be warned this location can get quite crowded on Sundays as it seems a little smaller than other stores I've been to. It can actually be a bit of a nightmare at times All of the employees are always so nice and helpful! Never have to wait in a long line!" They're like a luxury grocer that doesn't make you feel like you're in a luxury grocer  and Trader Joe's got the cracker business on lockdown. The produce is the freshest on this side of town. The pre-made salads and meals are so fresh and out of this world delicious. I can only condone grocery shopping at Trader Joe's and Costco. If you're frequenting elsewhere Watch out for when the parking lot gets busy!"  I rarely have to wait in line too long. It's nice that they offer coffee to sample while you shop and they always are offering a food item to sample. Love me some Trader Joe's!" I go to Trader Joes often and the staff is always friendly and helpful!  You can't beat their wine and cheese prices! At least we don't have lines out the door yet just to get in the store like in NYC..."  I really like this TJ's. They seem to have the same staff working there longterm (win) and they're always super friendly. This store stays well-stocked and I'm almost always able to find exactly what I need." I personally will not be going back to this store. Samantha needs to learn her boundaries as a customer service representative and as the face of Trader Joe's." This spot is a big YES.  Unless you want Doritos and soda!!! (They don't sell poison here.)" But other than that I love that they have orchids that are only $12.99 -- so beautiful. Same ones sold in other grocery stores but for cheaper!" Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA  and I get a few odd looks like ""hey what is this gringo doing in our store"" but it's totally worth checking out." Great flour tortillas and flank steak.Lots of Hispanic foods. "Why is it most Food City's seem to be hanging on by a thread? This location is certainly no exception. The employees definitely get an A for effort though. But overall this is just like any other Food City. The typical regular homeless boozer hanging around outside  Pico and the chips and tortillas are the best I've had in Az in 3 yrs. Good beer sales too. Haven't bought anything else there. Can be a dangerous parking lot at night. No namer brand products like papmers or TP if its late and your desperate go to Frys instead" Geez......that's just really bad customer service." "I like safeway because they are always nice clean and helpful. THe only reason it isnt 5 stars is you pay more for this treatment Safeway - please work on your fresh seafood selection - there was not much there to choose from.  But other than that  Safeway is definitely the way to go. I now like waking up early on the weekends and collecting my deals. It's always fun to see your percentage of savings. My goal is to one day make it about 50 percent!"  and Fresh and Easy will not have...the people that work there are always very helpful...one time a gentleman helped me find fig spread and veal for about 20 minutes...they didnt have it at their store but they found it for me at another store...that is great customer service...they have the best produce...its the freshest and they have the best selection!  I just wish their prices were a little better...but they have gotten much better compared to about a year or so ago!  I am now starting to clip coupons so hopefully it will make it that much better!"  good savings and convenient location assist me in my monthly grocery habit.  Just stocked up again this evening for under $100.  Mangoes were priced at 2/$!"  I paid Safeway a visit. I went to the floral department that was filled with some delightful plants and floral creations and I asked the lady if she could blow up some balloons. Now I've been to one too many grocery stores where it can take 40 minutes to fill up balloons. It's painful to wait and watch. However  as I take advantage of their delivery service. Place and pay for your order online and they bring it to your door!" Deli fried chicken is decent (when you are starving) and a good deal.  This is pretty much your basic Safeway. Great neighborhood store. Would highly recommend. The Starbucks is great. Excellent coffees and service." PS - it wouldn't let me post ZERO stars..." I really appreciate the selection of organic foods and produce. They also have a nice selection of grass fed beef and nitrate free deli meats. Much better selection vs. Frys for sure.  bathrooms are filthy though)."  and ignorant. If the attitude ""it's not my job"" is what you're looking for this is the man to speak to you. Also this is the dirtiest Safeway I've ever seen."   the service I receive is always great and the store is very clean!" I love coming here for all of my home needs. Friendly service and great staff to joke around with. I have never had a bad time in here. The only problem that I have is from time to time it is a little under staffed at 5 but what place isn't. "I would just like to say that Eva and Keaton are some of the nicest cashiers we ever have had. Even if they have a line  and they run out. This only signals to me that the times that my item IS actually here  KEEP WALKING. The man working was so cold. He maybe said two words throughout the whole ordering process. His way of communicating was staring at me until I told him what I wanted. Talk about uncomfortable. I might have considered coming back since it might have just been an off-day service wise Nice store.  Not huge which makes it easier to shop in.  But they chopped up some of the aisles and things seemed to get sorted out strangely.  I find it hard to locate what i am looking for.  But my main complaint is the dairy department.  I buy a lot of organic 2% milk because my kids drink so much milk.  They are out of the gallons about 50% of the time.  Nothing in the dairy department is ever faced up.  It seems i am constantly up to my shoulders in the cooler trying to reach stuff way in the back.  So i am over it.  Going to Fry's from now on.  or ask me if there was anything the can do for me.  Shame on you Bobby!!  I will probably be shopping at the 32nd St Safeway after this." a7OF5WBirAFlVH7Xp1885g I am glad the Safeway at 7th Avenue and Osborn knows how to run their deli area!!"  wine and liquor.   The store is always clean and well kept Wow....what can I say. Went to get a sandwich at the deli over there as I have in the past. The woman working was seriously rude. Made my sandwich completely wrong and super sloppy. And she was just cranky. Talking about other customers when I was there. Terrible customer service. Hire someone with a better attitude. "Worst deli department I've ever been to. Nikki the women working behind the deli counter is just plain rude. Yelling at her coworkers and mumbling racial and homophobic slurs under her breath while helping customers. The deli department staff will look at you waiting for them and just ignore you. There is no self check out so you may wait in line for a while. Many staff members have poor hygiene; sneezing and blowing their nose while checking you out and touching your food. I asked a member of the produce staff if they had any more kale and he said ""what's kale?"". If this grocery store wasn't so close to my house I would not shop here."  I still have all three unused gift cards in my wallet. *sigh" The Sushi here is really great - which I find surprising for a grocery store. The sushi quality is much higher than AJ's and even some restaurants.  where's the wine guy? Why is there only 1 slow worker at 5 p.m. making sandwiches AND servicing deli customers? Last night on our way home from my granddaughter's t ball game we stopped for sandwiches. We were ""invisible"" and left after waiting 15 minutes. I now got home and bought my weekly groceries at noon on Friday. Guess what? 1 cashier open with 8 carts lined up! The nice lady behind me asked if I would watch her cart while she went to get their attention of the line. Finally  and all the items I'm looking for are always in stock. My only ding is that they never seem to have enough checkout lanes open...usually a 10 minute minimum wait any time of day." Bottom line is they have the Arcadia patrons by the balls and they know it."  I get a call assuring me my groceries would NOT be delivered today but that I'd be called by customer service about delivery first thing Saturday morning.  It's now 3:30 and I've heard nothing from anyone.  Looks like I'll be waiting for my refund and getting my groceries at Fry's Food Stores tomorrow morning." "Update on how terrible this delivery service is:  Safeway gave me a $75 credit to make up for the fact that I got my last grocery delivery 42 hours late.  I used it to place another grocery delivery and LGO Pizzeria next door is swell; nice to have in the neighborhood!"  even though this place isn't downtown.  Browsing the shop is a good way to pass time while you drink your coffee.  The pizza next door is great (as good as Bianco I think) and the service is excellent (much better than Bianco)." I want to like this place more then I do.  It has really great fresh light food.  I love the breakfast and lunch choices.  It has a definite European touch.   I love the atmosphere.  It is just too darn small and busy. There is no where to sit and no where to park.  And if you are not a ""regular"" you don't always feel welcomed.  The concept and food gets 5 stars  many bussers and runners.  Even when it's really busy it seems like there are a few standing around.  I don't get it.  Whatever works I guess."  the Spanish latte is every bit as incredibly and sweetly decadent as described."  drop by and get one of the egg sandwiches for lunch and try to snag a table."  not the first one.  The prices are totally worth it to hang out and de-stress from the world  none of the above will stop me from returning. i think i would like the place better as a dinner/drinks spot than breakfast. the uber-tans and blonde streaks (sported by both men and women at this joint) were all too much to bear by the light of day. or i'm maybe i'm just still harboring resentment over that damn sign."  so lets get back to that.  I got some sushi from the refrigerator case and my boyfriend ordered the BLT which was dressed with guacamole instead of the usual mayo.  He loved it.  I will definitely be going back here  I have high expectations when it comes to food places.  Le Grande Orange surpasses them 10 fold.  I am so happy to have found it!" I want to go back and try their pizza..." [this was meant for the pizzeria not grocery]" "Great for odd juices and European treats. Their salads are top notch and the baked goods are delish. It's just always so darn crowded in there and it's hard to get the attention of the sometimes flippant counter staff. Great people watching. I don't see how this place has been voted good for groups All I have to say is YUMMY!!!!CUTE!!UNFORGETABLE!! "Not into the long drawn out reviews. This place is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE JOINT in town. You can eat anything from a great pizza  I saw au revoir LGO." Actually I think they did a pretty good job with it and I wish it wasn't so packed all the time. I can see why it's so popular. Parking is a nightmare and waiting in line blows. There's nothing I could say that hasn't already been said Don't even think about coming here for lunch. Parking is a total bastard."  better pizzas and best vibe for a little cafe-like place in Phoenix."  goat cheese and poppy-seed dressing makes an excellent selection along with a generous freshly toasted BLT on thick whole grain bread.  Easily enough to share and eat on the patio.  Wide selection of specialty sauces and wines." Oh - actually I just realized that no one has commented on the LGO apparel and other cute gift items... the shirts are so soft and fit so well that I have 1 and my BF has 3 (no joking).  We love them.  I swear I don't own stock nor have any relation to the owners  the tasty morsels they have in the front glass case are a huge hit wherever I bring them. The cupcakes from Tammie Coe (best birthday cakes .......also does wedding cakes etc and can make them look like your favorite Chanel bag or Jimmy Choos ...(WHO CAN DO IT? Tammie CAN!!) My boyfriend said that Tammie Coe is the only woman he'd leave me for.....not Jessica Alba or Gisele. (Maybe I should write a separate review of Tammie Coe Cakes) Anyway You have a loyal Los Angeles fan La Grande Orange and I will be back My fave is croque monsieur. YUM" "I absolutely adore this place. Coming here makes me feel like I am in a real city. I love being able to buy all those rare drinks  but you can sit in their space when you get your commuter sandwich and coffee. It's quite awesome. La Grande Orange is honestly a hidden jewel in the Phoenix suburban food wasteland. It's not for everyone English Muffins- OH MY GOD!!!!!! But you will pay for the pleasure 8 bucks for 6 ouch! But to be honest worth every bite- YUMMY!Can't wait to try other items here! i will go back and try the coffee and sweet treats.I was in and out in less than an hour so again confused on the reviews. I even waited in line twice and one time even had two people helping me at once???????????Must be the Sunday off time thing again. So I am guessing this will be the day I go again."  and now that I'm back in L.A. I'm super psyched to find out there seems to be a new one opening in Pasadena.  Does anyone know if this is the same owners?  Looks like it.  I HOPE SO!!!" "The pizza here is top shelf. My brother actually slings the pies at LGO on the weekends  I couldn't help but wonder which of the options he and his family would choose. The parking attendant gave them the spot underneath the 19-minute sign out front..." R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g 3.5 for now until I can sample further menu items." The parking can be a pain and the ordering and picking up of food can be chaotic.  But  yummy cubano sandwich."  and don't think you can park on the street and get away with it. The cops hover like flys on shit to pass out parking tickets here. The spanish latte is killer. The commuter sandwich is yummy. All the food is good as well as the sweet stuff. I have never found a bad bottle of wine here  they do it all and next time I'll definitely be trying those incredible looking baked goods and perhaps even a pizza."  I'd kill to have a deli like this in Chicago. Panera just doesn't cut it for me now that I've been spoiled and hold higher standards!"  as are the salads.  They have a decent wine selection.  The parking is abysmal and even the valets cannot find a place to stash the cars.  Between the 3 LGO places adjacent to one another Lastly.... PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE bring back the grilled lemon cake!!!! PLEEEEEEAAAASSSEEEE!!!" Now who wants to have lunch?"  and to partake of the best gelato shop adjacent to LGO. But I'm afraid that I won't be back for the weekend chaos." "I or someone I have been with has gotten food poisoning 3 times from this grocery/pizzeria.  That's 3 separate occasions My friend also pointed out that the breads would be really interesting/a possible future purchase if they were not stored in open air baskets next to the food pickup area." its one of those places was glad to check out once but thats about it for me." I imagine if I lived in Phoenix I'd be here quite often."  this would be an ideal place to take friends or family that are visiting.  LGO is just the kind of place you WISH you had in every neighborhood!"  I'll hit this up each and every morning for wakey-wakey Cool neighborhood grocery store.  The have more of the specialty items... it's not like you can get everything here.  They do have a good Sandwich bar and also make great pizza's and salads at the restaurant end of the store. "This place has more hype than actual delivery! Frankly I didn't like their turkey snadwich at all. I was mediocre at best! Their store sells some pretty cool stuff  and then on top of that seating is like musical chairs. But other then that it's definately worth it. Wish I lived closer because i would be there everyday." R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g  you are set. I used to live a half mile away and would take a walk there for breakfast. The absolute best way to start your day  but I did not buy...Visually they looked dreamy....The iced tea did have free refills which was also a positive (considering the $2 price tag)...so here is the reason it only got four starts....the parking lot is absolutely horrifying there are 20 spots (maybe)!!! And to be honest $13 for a relatively small pizza is a lot IMO...the sandwiches were also pricy...but of a once in a while visit I think I could justify it." And if you have to wait in line for 10-15 mins But my favorite part of LGO- the curbside checkout! We called to place our order I really do hate trying to park though." I'll probably be back one more time before I head to the airport back to Chicago."  we had the pepperoni and ricotta. It does get kinda crowded and chaotic on weekend nights. The grocery store in pretty cool but didn't buy anything. Like a previous review It really seemed like a wonderful one-stop place to have in the neighborhood. I like the idea of being able to pick up a quality sandwich  when I visit Phoenix."  artsy setting. everything is fresh and flavorful and it is fun to browse the market while waiting. Absolutely charming." I was very impressed with the style and uniqueness of this quaint little gem."  Self Employed or others than can take a 2-3 hour lunch. They have WIFI and so people come and get some work done while having a bite and there are always several tables with casual meetings or get togethers. It is a comfortable inviting place once you know the drill. My only beef is they don't serve Breakfast Alcoholic drinks like Bloody Marys or Mimosas I think they should get rid of one of the retail displays and allow just a tad more room in front of the coffee bar.  I thought a fight would erupt one day recently when the place was packed and there was a girl waiting to get coffee and her friend asked if she was ready Good neighborhood sandwich place. La Grande Orange is one of those cute and cool local shops that you just cannot miss!"  they have a small gourmet market that sells all sorts of things related to food. I had the daybreaker the last time I was here. It is an egg white omelet with turkey and tomato-avocado salsa on top. It is really good. It has a very fresh taste to it and it feels healthy  I guess this place is better than going to Denny's.  Huge with the Arcadia and hipster crowd.  Emphasis should be placed on 'crowd'.  It's very cramped here in the mornings and sometimes finding a place to sit at La Grande Orange can be a 'Grande Headache'.  The breakfast is OK.  The turkey that they serve on their sandwiches does not seem to be of high quality to me.  However I think this place is just another case of the 'Emperor's New Clothes' with people thinking 'Everybody else is in orgasmic rapture over this place "the food was really good but the flow of traffic in that place is stupid. I am not a big fan of the LA wannabes either  all made to order. You order everything upfront at the counter and then pick it up once its made. Good luck with finding a table in their huge dining area...so if you want to experience the la grande orange cafe then go early or after the lunch rush."  skip the drive and look for a local place that isn't as overhyped or crowded." So.... come in and enjoy during off hours and miss the table stalking and parking nightmare.  It is definitely a good value and good food." Sipping a latte and people watching absolutely rules here." The cupcakes are all very good.. I like the red velvet and the coconut.."  the place was busy but I was able to find parking and they were taking orders at three different counters "I'm lucky cause LGO is in my neighborhood. This little spot has the best ready-made sushi rolls around and the atmosphere is unmatched -- great energy with a mish-mash of different kinds of people. LGO attracts everyone and for good reason -- they've got a great selection of sandwiches  Pizza and don't forget the most beautiful decorated cakes I've ever seen. I have yet to try them because they appear dangerous to my thighs."  full of plastic people who are out of touch with reality.  Living in Tempe and spending time in downtown Phx  although overpriced.  Just don't arrive here thinking that you'll be able to buy actual ingredients for everyday cooking.  If you can walk here  entertaining atmosphere i just love this place!"  I continue to go. But jeez I'm gonna puke if I hear any more Senator So-and-So conversations." I don't recommend this place to any body that actually knows what good food is Stick with the breakfast food!" "This place is so over rated and it just reinforces my belief that Arizona is full of shallow  buy it immediately and hoard as many as you can - it is heaven in a takeout bucket. That would make me want to make a special trip!"  secretly happy it was lighter than some of the other croque madames of my past; slathered in various types of sauce and piled high with meat and cheese. No "One of my favorite places to grab a quick bit I am a forever fan of LGO - I cannot get enough!"  then probably you feel welcome and the employees chat you up all time. But not all of us can afford to be regulars here. This is at least the third time that La Grande Orange's uppity ambience has annoyed me I love LGO.  The food is absolutely top notch and I love how the menu has both traditional fare and a few things you've never heard of like their Venice Beach Burrito which is filled with scrambled eggs The Tammy Coe cakes are so good too! I love the designs! very creative use of fondant!" "Get the English Muffin!  Freshly baked and amazing!  Get anything with an English Muffin and you'll be happy.  If you happen to be allergic to wheat or gluten "I went in here while waiting for my reservation at the pizzeria. I ended up buying 2 bottles of wine and a $40.00 dollar dog  collar! The wine was less expensive! This is a very cute high end grocery and the desserts are so good I almost dropped dead! The peanut butter pie is to die! The parking sucks but you can valet if needed! I have never had bad service and I am not a high end kinda of person. I am from Indiana for Gods sakes! I have had always respectful and polite service!  I like this grocery LOVE this place.  The parking is terrible.  That's what keeps me from being a regular. Coffee and deserts are SUPERB.  Atmosphere is A+. Love the gifts. I guess that's all I have to say about it. Wish I had more passion for the place...." "I only love this place for getting together on lazy sundays with my girls! Im NOT crazy about the atmosphere nor counter service.. The breakfast/brunch choices are good..Im always into the poached eggs with proscuitto on english muffin.. we always get coffee and chase it with a bottle of good wine! WHICH I know when I first tried La Grande I liked it a lot. I thought the breakfast was great and I truly enjoyed the scene there. These days it just seems like it has lost a bit of it's luster for me. I am sure I will be back in the future and will give it another chance. It will probably be when I can get dropped off Great place for meeting friends.  Good eats.  The english muffins are amazing!  Highly recommend this place. The tuna sandwich is fabulous!!! Definitely visit this place!!  mostly to check out attached gelato bar and pizza parlor. Looks like they converted three storefronts in a mini strip mall layout into a connected grocery store/deli/pizza parlor/gelato bar. high concept stuff  this place is probably pretty good.  If you do  local and smells fabulous with that coffee/cafe aroma. And they have free wi-fi too. Wouldn't mind sitting around for a few hours and get some work done. Til next time La Grande Orange." The place is charming but very tiny.  Just like the cripplingly small parking lot.  Even so  please don't glare at me over the rim of your paper coffee cup because I look like I just went hiking.  It's a freakin' grocery store with a cafe in it!  Get over yourself."  fresh and natural food. But the 3 stars goes because service is a big chaos!. The self service doesn't work with the place stuffed with shelf after shelf of products. They have ppl ""working"" there "I wish they had this type of place in the bay! Extremely cute grocery store where you can pick up a bottle of wine to enjoy with Sunday brunch. There were fresh baked goods  but who cares about that.  Great place to people watch and enjoy great food at the same time.  I definitely won't wait another year until my next visit." The commuter sandwich with avocado was amazing.  I enjoyed the eclectic decor and impressive wine offerings.  Great vibe overall.  Tons of amazing looking things were coming out of the open kitchen.  but we were really disappointed. We wanted to like it. We really wanted to like it. We were told to come back to the counter to get our food in 10 minutes. It was definitely longer than 10 minutes. While the orange juice was really great Just thinking about it make me want to drool...."  and a great way to start my day and enjoy the AZ mornings." I couldn't believe how busy this place was for Monday at 10 am.!  This was my second time eating here and both times the food and service have been terrific. I went here with my sister and nephews. I usually don't go out to eat with kids but this place was great for kids because of the sitting area outside. I had the commuter sandwich with smoked salmon and it was amazing! The homemade english muffin is what made the sandwich. My sister had mia's french pancakes. I tried a bite and they were also very tasty. This place can get really hectic and yes the parking sucks but the people who work here are unbelievably nice and the food is delicious! "This place has it going on.  A little pricey for a small portion.  But oh what a portion it is.   I have never been here when its not packed to the brim.   A little yuppy for my taste  but they have totally yummy breakfasts (and I'd imagine lunches as well!) shop a little I never come to Phoenix without visiting La Grande Orange. Amazing food and ambiance  but parking is completely inadequate. The only other negative I have is that the menu is a little limited My first time at La Grande Orange and I really enjoyed it! I totally agree with all the other Yelpers about the parking and pricing but also that it's so worth it once you get in there and see all the cool stuff they have while you wait for your food. I just tried the new LGO Chicken Salad sandwich and it was amazing!! I'll definitely be going back for more!! We're headed back to Scottsdale in a couple of weeks and we'll visit La Grande Orange again Their pizza's are pretty fabulous as well!" R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g  could spend awhile browsing while waiting for food.  Tried the French pancakes (crepes) with everyone on it.  Also good and not nearly as heavy as I thought they'd be.  Really want to go back and try some of their lunch items." Oh....and do yourself a favor!!! Get a bag of their hand-made english muffins...wow!" PS - MMMMMMM...Green Chile Burger........" Commuter sandwich is delicious. Great coffee. Fun atmosphere with a lot to look at. Wish we lived in Phoenix so we could go more often.  they are good! We tried one and ended up buying a whole pack of them before we left. It's like nothing that you have ever bought in the store  made for a nice mix of sweet & savory in healthy but not excessive portions. Only slight disappointment was the chorizo breakfast burrito The grocery store itself has neat gifts and gadgets for the kitchen and sometimes the office. Stroll around while you wait for your food."  and you have to order from the tables. The grocery side has all kinds of kitchen gadgets that the wanna be Julia Child or Emeril LaGasse just has to have. They also have interesting spices and teas for sale. Plenty of stuff to help separate you from your money and make you feel great at the same time."  or open another location for you lucky folks in Phoenix."  I decided to try the blackberry bran muffin.  I would never order a bran muffin - EVER!  This was by far the best muffin I have ever had.  It was super moist and flavorful - it didn't even taste like bran.  The lattes are good as well.  We also bought the homemade english muffins that are huge!  We haven't tried them yet but the other reviews were very positive."  would love to try the pizza sometime!" The grocery store opens at 6:00am then at around 4:00pm the place magically turns into a full service pizza place."  and a great location." "I come from a city where Brunch is taken uber seriously. In fact Brunch in all of its forms (breakfast and lunch) are a way of life where I live. On my visit to LGO I was introduced to what Phx has to offer in the way of ""brunch"" The food was ok...but I've had better. I went with the commuter Sandwich. I was happy with my choice but I wasn't thinking...wow this is the best think I've eaten. I just thought it was...well..O.K. Nothing stood out about this place to me but my lovely friend seems to enjoy the place. I thought...well it looks like a boutique grocery store that serves food. We have these and older ones that are run by Italian families in my city. I wasn't taken back but I can see how this place can be charming. Like I said its ok..I'd suggest you go...you may love it but one thing I know for sure..no one will hate this place..they'll just shrug and say its not bad."  idiotic people who don't check the ticket for their name (food comes out and your name is called I've been here twice and both times I've gotten the veggie sandwich. I think it's absolutely perfect... except that the bread has a tendency to get soggy easily and the sandwich falls apart. That's -1 star If you are hiking Camelback Mountain on a weekend morning R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g The highlight of the visit was that I had a faux-celebrity sighting of someone who used to be on MTV.  When that is the highlight The 1st time it came out with two slices of bread with a square of slightly melted cheddar laying there flat with a huge dollop of cold tuna on top...Really?? I took it back..a different girl said what's wrong with that? Apparently everything you nit wit! So I have been back 2 times." But its all worth it. Go here!!" "I LOVE LGO. The french pancakes are my favorite thing to get here. I have two complaints. 1... parking. 2... the whole ""we dont have a PA so everyone crowds around to get their order"" system. It seems this place is VERY successful. Perhaps they can't change the parking situation but you would thinking getting a PA system would be a good decision for the owners to make. My boyfriend spent 20 minutes waiting for our food. Usually you like to sit and talk while you are waiting. OTHER than that everything is wonderful."  the food presentation and quality is exceptional and the staff is friendly.  I probably should get paid for all the free word of mouth advertising I do for LGO but it's well deserved.  The Commuter Sandwich (sub may for goat cheese) appears in my dreams from time to time -- it's really THAT good.  I also appreciate the eggwhites/turkey :Daybreaker for my health nut days.  I promise you won't be left unhappy after visiting this incredible establishment!" I wish I could come here more often but its a little out of the way.  Also  and selection. Always alive and energy filled inside and relaxed and low key on the picnic benches outside. A must visit."  because the food is very good."  and dinner.  Their baked goods from breakfast to desserts all looked delicious and unique.  We tried their pizza - which was very good - light crust and not super oily.  We also shared their hostess like cupcake - so good.  And of course beer!  I'd love to come back for breakfast as their english muffins are fresh and to die for." I wish I lived in Phoenix!!" Totally dig this place!!!"  I dont even care. Everything about this place it so worth it. The important part though is I had never been here for lunch until this past weekend--it was always my late morning brunch spot.  Technically "La Grande Orange reminds me of Crepevine or Squat & Gobble (local SF spots). Gotta say that La Grande Orange is extremely better!!! The food is fresh Decided to eat here after realizing Bianco is closed on Sundays. I have eaten here many times before and it is always consistently great.This time we started with the sangria because it's so delicious and refreshing. The only complaint about that if I have to find one is the pitcher they serve it in is big and heavy and it's hard to pour. We ordered the ceviche and it was wonderfully fresh. We ordered the sweet corn and goat cheese pizza and mushroom party and gladiator. They were all Delicious in their own unique way. I know I will never be disappointed at the big orange. YUM! Definitely going back the next time I'm in town ... again." My heart burn on this visit begins at the register.  Two two items together totaled $18.02.  I was shocked so I asked the girl at the coffee bar register if she rang it in right and she assured me she did. She was very nice about it but OMG WTF?  I paid and came home.  The mocha was way too sweet and not even comparable to Starbuck's(which I do not like for the record).  So  and it is always my dinner suggestion and favorite place to take out of town guests!"  come in at an off beat time where the place is yours for the taking :) As for their coffee...have ordered it 3 different times and still hate it. They rank 2nd to Pita Jungle when it comes to the worse coffee I've ever ordered  but definitely could be more organized. Stay close to the counter or you might miss hearing your number called." EVERYTHING and I do mean EVERYTHING on the menu is delicious.  Breakfast to lunch and everything in between is excellent.  You really cannot go wrong.  Even their pre-made salads are excellent.  Their menu is not too complicated but it is very well thought out and I bet they have some of your favorites On my way out I grabbed a couple cookies and a strawberry cheesecake.  Both make up for any trouble I had with the burger.  I will be back to this place again  be prepared to go on the hunt for parking and a seat once you get inside. But don't let it dissuade you from your visit. It's worth it Great idea - mediocre execution." This is one of my Favorite places in town to eat!! I would give it 5 stars but the  PARKING SUCKS!!!! If you are trying to go there during busy times good luck trying to find a parking spot!  parking is really limited and can ruin your experience. Avoid typical lunch hours (you will def. have to valet)  maybe I went in with too high of expectations?" I hope people will continue to patronize this beautiful little eatery that we are so lucky to have in Arcadia.  If you are new to LGO  healthy food. Mmmm...just writing about this place is making me crave the daybreaker :) If you go for breakfast on the weekends La Grande Orange - thanks for saving me from the drudgery of fast food." Went there the next day and had the chicken salad sandwich which was superb.  The people are friendly and attentive.  here are my issues: The parking is HORRIBLE with a lot out front that is very limited and I don't like valets getting in my car (nothing personal).  During peak times I was alo interested in getting one of the many Tammy Coe pastry options  it really is delicious and I always have an enjoyable time. Just be prepared to work a little to have a fantastic meal." LGO is top notch in my book and you can find me there pretty regularly." "My boyfriend and I visit LGO often ...maybe TOO often! But I just can't get enough of this little place. If you're looking for a trendy place for a lunch with friends Also the whole grocery part escapes me unless you can live on birdseed and condiments." We'll probably give it one more shot some time down the road. We had the same reaction when we ate lunch at Chelsea's about 6 months ago. Not much in the way of portion for the price you pay. Knowing they're owned by the same company--it sure explains that taste and atmosphere didn't make up for the sticker shock."  TX most recently and have thought about how nice it would be to have a La Grande Orange out here. With all of the people recently relocating to the Dallas area maybe those who run LGO should consider placing a location out here."  very fresh and they use high quality ingredients.  Their pizzas are really good.  They have great gelato." Even more enjoyable than the food is the diverse and eclectic crowd. LGO has become a gathering spot for business-folk hosting working lunches  the service is also really slow even in the middle of the day and both times they have been out of my first selection. I will give it another shot and certainly hope it improves..." Looking forward to trying out other items next time I'm there!" My husband and I love having breakfast here.  Such a cute place with delicious food keeps us coming back.  The atmosphere is lively and  it's a nice way to start the day. Don't forget to try the delicious Tammie Coe baked goods while you are here!" "Always a bit crowded but worth the wait.  I've only gone here for breakfast "This place is absolutely adorable. It's perfect for lunch. They have a little shop with an assortment of things - from notecards and miscellaneous to drinks and food and snacks. You can also order off their menu from the counter. Seriously  hoping to recapture the Magic."  you need to realize the products you're pimpin aint hoes and crack. $9 for a breakfast burrito with no sides  like the customers are annoying for trying to order something.  It makes it hard on me because my gusband can be a bit feisty and when there is a bitch behind the counter I know I will have to play peace keeper.  Not fun.  Stop doing that to me LGO.  Just be nice and my gusband won't turn into the hulk... and by hulk I mean a pissed off gay man with an attitude."  I dare you to taste a Tammie Coe pastry that doesn't blow your mind.  The best is the Ooey Gooey cupcake - don't be led astray by how good the red velvet looks Downsides: The prices are high. The service is inconsistent... I've been at the barista counter several times and waited for someone to acknowledge my presence. Luckily  that basically sums it up. Really horrible environment with random trinkets for sale everywhere....really every possible inch of this place is crammed full of cutesy clutter for sale! The food was fairly good The salted chocolate cookies are the most fabulous things I have ever had. I could eat them everyday! They have tammy coe cakes which are jst as beautiful as they taste.  I love their french pancakes they ate sweetened with honey and strawberries and topped with creme fraiche delicious!!!!!! When I step into this place its like going to a french cafe.  I used to live there so I remember what those places were like.  I live a block away so I go a couple times a week its just fabulous!!!! The wine selection there is wonderful...the staff is friendly.  Its nice because they have curbside pick up if you want to enjoy your goodies at home...you can also stay and enjoy at nice little table inside or on their cute patio.  Its nestled in the heart of arcadia you cannot get much better!!! Try it you will become addicted!!! "I stop for their great coffee every morning -- and only drive by when I can't manage to get a parking spot.  LGO also has really great unique gifts that have come in handy for Mother's Day Check it out next time you're in the area... driving  lunch and dinner. They have the absolute best english muffins-you must toast them twice and they get extra crunchy and talk about nooks and crannies! Oh baby! Love it. Service with a smile- and they mean it!" We're definitely going back. Be sure to order their English muffins and a pizza.  Thin and crispy and fresh! Excellent! We went on saturday morning for brunch and it was quite crowded. Luckily we got a space to sit. Looks like its a favorite of a lot of people! and for good reason. We love coming here after a good hike at Squak Peak or Camelback! Fresh squeed OJ is great and fresh made english muffines are yummy."  customer service and food. A little pricey but I'd pay anything for good quality food!" (P.S. I was just joking about moving to Phoenix. You know my heart is in St. Louis!)"  healthy and fresh ingredients.." I was disappointed the last time I was in as my order was completely lost and I patiently waited for about 30 mins and had to go up and reorder. But they did comp my meal so I'll let it slide this time :) But the breakfast I had was simple and healthy. Exactly what I was looking for that day."  next time my boss wants to spend an exorbitant amount of money on my lunch again. I'm comin' for my BLT with open arms." LGO Grocery you are truly amazing and addictive. I find myself making excuses to pass by  what's up with the disappearance of the small yogurt granola? It's not on the menu and missing from the refrigerated case the last couple of times I've been in there. Boo."  on a side note they always seem to be playing wicked music." LGO is one of the only things I miss about Phoenix. If I could've packed it up Someone needs to shoot me. With a review this bad I'm getting away with murder :)" BEST RED VELVET CAKE IN THE WORLD! The store is crowded and always busy but the food is worth the drive and hassle.  candies and stuffed animals) along with food products and wine.  The prices are high.  You are paying for the charm and the convenience of being in Arcardia.  I will say however this is often were I come for my dessert fix.  They carry tammie coe cupcakes which are sweet and delicious.  I always pop in when i'm grabbing a pizza Just don't go on a busy night and you won't have to deal with the parking nightmare or the waiting.  Go on Monday.  It was super good!"  not great for eating there often or for large groups."  and accessories. It's also tied into the restaurant and you place your order on the grocery side so it gets pretty crowded LOVE it!  So many fun products to check-out while you wait.  Good wine selection (and no corkage).  The tuna sandwich was truly the best sandwich I've had since my old favorite The Hamburger Habit in Santa Barbara.  I will be back!! They have the best Chicken salad sandwich i've ever had in my life! If you're in a hurry this isnt the place to go. It's always packed but thats a good thing! it's absolutely delicious!"  the dressing on the caesar salad and the coffee served for breakfast.  Service is great...staff always very friendly and accommodating."  then La Grande Orange is not for you. But those among you with a versatile and educated palate will enjoy all they have to offer!"  meant for biking & walking.  LGO is not a mall.  I will say that if you find a spot within a 2-3 minute walk away  cute place!!  Go for specialty groceries The Tammie Coe desserts are also to die for!  The last time I went I got the coconut cupcake Only negatives are that LGO is very popular and therefore has limited seating.  So if you are wanting to stay awhile to either work or gossip you might have a hard time finding a seat.  Parking can be a nightmare too.  The last few time I've gotten lucky but its somewhat hit or miss and awkward to park." Nice little cozy neighborhood market.  I was in the area and decided to drop by to check out what was fresh and get a drink.  From reading the other reviews I would've love to try their pizza.  The place reminds me of Dean & Deluca in a smaller package.  I usually don't eat sushi from markets but even their sushi looked appetizing.  or the gourmet giant cookies.  Fast service for such quality food." Amendment to my original review: the flow of traffic throughout this entire space is bad and that's including parking.  Lines in several different locations in the restaurant cut the space and make it difficult to traverse throughout the restaurant.  The tuna filet sandwich (not the tuna salad mind you) with a side of fries makes it so worth it though.  but they seem to have morning coffee figured out!  Of course the parking is the usual :("  and the crowd/parking issue.  This place is popular (for a reason!) and parking is always an issue.  I usually just call ahead and do the car pick up for this reason  I had the opportunity to have breakfast here several times; amazing food and grocery area. Very glad they have a complimentary valet these days but seating can be chaotic. Love the strawberry brioche Tried the breakfast sandwich with avacado and bacon as well as the potatoes to share. The portions were generous. Bacon not too oily with a good stuffing to english muffin ratio. I especially appreciated the fact that the eggs were cooked perfectly - still moist and yet not funny in the middle. We will definitely have to return for some of their lunch items!"  but so worth the wait! A friend & I went on a Sunday morning after an intense bootcamp session to refuel with egg white omelettes R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g I'll have to return to go next door to the pizza place someday." "The fresh MJ breads and Tammie Coe cakes/pastries are the best on the west coast.  The communter sandwich is my favorite breakfast food.  The to go salads are fresh and more than you can eat. It is a very popular place  the pricing was slightly high for my budget (so not an everyday place).. the only downside really was the chaos that is ordering/paying/waiting for your food during a peak time. So just be prepared for that & a lack of parking."  delicious homemade English muffins (can't go wrong with the commuter sandwich w/ avocado and bacon). They sell a great bottle of inexpensive wine- Klee. And always revolving retail area w/ unique gifts. Great place to eat FYI there is no waiter service till 4:00PM."  listening to the boring yuppie a-holes is unavoidable  but that is expected of a store that is within a nice restaurant.  I think the rosemary raisin almond crackers looked the most interested that was within price range.  My eyes were glued towards the wine as well.  I will have to update this review once I buy something here." I had a similar experience with snotty cashiers the 2nd time I went. It's always over-crowded but I guess the yuppie a-holes love this place. I won't be back."  and good for children!!! Definitely wil return!!:))"  enough on the menu to keep me interested for as regularly as I go. And the English Muffins. Oh the English Muffins. They are as big as my face and delicious enough to have their own Facebook page (Hello if the Cowboy Ciao Original Chopped Salad can have it's own FB page  LGO has a great Portland/San Fran vibe to it and food/wine/dessert/merchandise to boot!  So stop reading and GO!!!"  but it comes at quite a price in that the noise factor is off the charts." I did feel a bit like a fuddy duddy thinking the music was way too loud but other than that the atmosphere  people watch and do some small gift shopping it is a great place but don't do there for the food." Bonne journe @LGOGrocery" I wish I lived in Arcadia." This place is so neat! The Tuna Steak sandwich is fantastic and the cold brew coffee is a tasty treat to energize you! The store also has lots of nifty little gifts that you can't say no to buying.  especially the cheeses:) The cold brew is also pretty good most of the time.  The place is pretty adorable. I really enjoy coming here You can thank me later."  does get ridiculously crowded - and parking's a real hassle. But if you're in walking distance  maybe a different pizza and a different dessert. I'd love to go for brunch R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g  lemonade and the french pancakes (well any of their pancakes) are soooo good.  Besides  this is the place to go to. Make sure to stop by the Grateful Spoon next door for a yummy gelato!  The fact that this place is dog friendly makes it an extra bonus!"  tomato and italian sausage pizza. I have tried all of their salads and they awesome! I make a stop into this tasty terrific joint ever few months. Best time to go is a little before 5 to avoid the dinner crowd which can give a wait upwards of 25 minutes. I do not recommend the Sangria as it has no flavor! There is a small gelato parlor that is connected to the restaurant for a sweet treat after dinner if you have space in your belly." Pizza and sandwiches are awesome. Wine is delicious as well. It can have a long wait and ordering can be tricky for your first time. You gotta do yourself a favor and check out the store. It has some of the cutest items and apparel. Think a food version of urban outfitters.. Super cute ad trendy. The wines are from all over! Loved the commuter sandwich for breakfast. Parking can be rough at times. "I've eaten majority of their menu and haven't found anything that I haven't liked.  It's a great place for any meal.  My boyfriend is more a breakfast person and I'm more of a lunch person so this place is perfect for us.  I love their avocado pizza - we did it with proscuitto once and it was fantastic.  The spicy tuna roll makes a great appetizer.  The white sangria is probably one of the best I've had in Phoenix.  For dessert This place is amazing. If you live in Phoenix you should be addicted and if you are visiting "Going back to LaGrande today to buy their famous English Muffins to take to family in Texas. Know that this place is very busy We heard Jay-z playing today (Sunday) I have never had an english muffin like theirs! Absolutely amazing.  The food is high quality and you can tell the difference.  The only problem is finding seating.  hip place with a large quantity of annoying people and limited parking."  standing in a long line (albeit trendy) and searching for a table with everybody else so you don't have to eat the wonderfulness standing up." We've also taken visiting family members here and they loved it too. I would like to find more places like this in Phoenix. So yummy and what a great atmosphere."  this place is a joke. I will never return. Never! I rather make my own breakfast or lunch than spend a dime on tasteless food. The pizza sucks too BTW!!!!!!"  and nice market inside.  Decent vegan menu." UPDATE- EVERYONE BE WARNED: The breakfast burritos are incredibly bland. Both the Venice Beach and the Chorizo Burrito taste like nothing but the salsa they're accompanied by. Nutritious? Yes. Filling? Absolutely. An adventure for the taste buds? Far from."  crazy busy in the morning. I had the jersey girl omelett. I had to go online and look at the menu to remember what I ordered. In looking at the menu I just realized I didn't get the toast it's supposed to come with! Well  and Amy almost passed out when she tasted her open face chicken salad sandwich. This is a fun and lively place to grab lunch - we will be back to try the pizza. Don't bother trying to park - just use the valet."  but in no way was it the worst. I would go back here for pizza and not have any difficulty about it. LGO has a really relaxed vibe to it which I find appealing. If I'm in the neighborhood I will definitely come back Music can be a little bit loud but if the weather's nice just sit outside at the picnic tables and enjoy the ambience."  I decided to try it. But low and behold the pizzeria was full so I was directed to a very cluttered and crowded market with the same menu. Besides the uncomfortable claustrophobic atmosphere Wow. Ordered 3 dishes - all great. Blueberry muffins and the press tuna sandwich is to die for. I'm digging this place - perhaps my top 3 breakfast joint worldwide.  but the food is solid and the service is great. Hard not like it.  All in all a great spot.  I tend to switch up my favorites but I typically hit this up for breakfast when in the 602."  and making a mess of the carpet (crumb bun indeed) all the while all I can say is that if you find yourself in the Phoenix area this is a must try and given the quality of both selections I was lucky to be staying so far from La Grande Orange and Tammie Coe because otherwise I'd have gone back for more."  dessert-- all superb here. The grocery side is also very unique and accomodating. This is a great place to bring a date or the family." Great place.... comsmopolitan combined with quaint. LOVE the pizza & red velvet! Not together. So good it gets crowded..... only downfall.  the eggs. yum. you need to go and try it. I believe it's worth the money ( not cheep).  The only big down side is the lack of parking and line."  those are the best chicken wings. Those were just BBQ'D wings. Need to fry those babys to get that crispy skin. I did like the sauce To be clear this review is on LGO Grocery only. Although it is adjoining and affiliated with LGO Pizzeria  great food. An oasis."  baked in a delicious sauce and then you can smother it with your favorite dressing. I prefer blue cheese. Their oven baked pizzas are really good too! The best part of LGO is the gelato. All of their favors are delicious and made fresh at the store. The best part is its really affordable compared to the chain gelato shops in Phoenix/Scottsdale. The only reason why this is a 4 star and not a 5 for me is during lunch they become more of a sandwich shop. Their delicious pizzas and wings are only served at dinner." I'm definitely going to go back and get that pizza again and try some of the other things on their pretty vast menu."  and dinner. The parking is quite difficult." This is one of my all time favorite grocery/restaurants. But I recently heard that the kitchen workers wear no gloves when handling food! Very concerned about this. f01B5tRtqf3k6ak1pPSAWw "One of the best places for breakfast in the valley.  All the food tastes great as well as the coffee and fresh juices.  I would recommend the place to anyone who has some time to spare for a long breakfast since there could be a little wait to get your food they are usually really busy but friendly service.  They have a shop in the front where you can browse through food the best damn place ever."  even though the place was busy. Everything was fresh and tasty. Ambiance was good and the clientele was not obnoxious (nobody sneered at the 2 fat lesbians enjoying a meal or anything  - and in my hometown  but not enough to franchise and lose the quality. Really I am jealous of all the residents that live within biking distance of this beautiful place.  Everything here is nothing but the best  breakfast and gelato. Too many choices to pick from." A very cool place.....can be difficult to park there sometimes but just presevere." "Good but a little overhyped. I had the commuter sandwich which would have been just ok other than the bomb homemade English muffin I'd recommend skipping the gelato though."  toast...done to perfection and very tasty.  We even found a seat - next to impossible there.  I will definitely be back to try their pizza and other dishes that they had available.  4 stars as opposed to 5 because of the parking and long lines - but it was definitely worth it.  Will be back!" I love that burger so much I want to take it behind a middle school and get it pregnant." friends and family members here. And if you just finished an exciting hike on camelback mountain immediately get her for a cocoanut water to rehydrate  as you incessantly pick at it until its DOA. The other to present to your wife in a blatant attempt to barter something other than jewelry for a blow-job." yrXCDuHsWLt14ql-aLOCYg  espresso and cleanliness of their store.  it is dog friendly and a great place to eat.  i hope to come back to this place whenever i am in town---they offer something for everyone and also have a very good gift shop with shirts  or a cappuccino and breakfast. The sandwich experience was too irritating to give another try  and is always worth it!! I walk in feeling like it's a friends restaurant even though I don't know anyone. I leave with a smile. Get the Daybreaker. I've never liked any breakfast item more. The food is so fresh! Great selection of beverages too  Counter Service until 4. Pizza day time only weekends. Sandwiches are picked up at a different counter than R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g This pizza is amazing!!!!! "I went here on a morning with my wife and kids.  We left a large resort and were on our way out of town headed to the Grand Canyon.  Perhaps the service leaves something to be desired because it is a grocery that has a kitchen  you can see why all the folks and their yoga mats were hanging out here." Please come to downtown Phoenix!!!! This place is consistently fantastic. Tip- lots of good wine to choose from!" I love the tammie Coe cupcakes and their bakery but the espresso drinks are horrible! I have only been there in the evening so maybe it's just the people that work nights but I don't even get one anymore because it is so gross. I love the brand of espresso they use so not sure what the problem is. Otherwise it's great there. Love the store.  but if you wait out the line About the only downers were lack of parking and having to wait for a seat (when it's busy  as it moved quickly.  I ordered eggs and bacon and hubby the pancakes. Unfortunately by the time it got to the table everything was stone cold.  Coffee was really strong (end of the batch??) then when we went for a second cup they were out and had to wait ten minutes for a fresh brew.  Not the best experience  great vibe....just a little crowded though. Working your way through the crowds are worth every last morsel!" YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. (Unless they run out of croissants before you get one ;)" Best Reuben Sandwich I have ever had. It is a bit pricey but tasted great.  while the wife had the veggie burger.  Great place.  I've eaten here twice in the last week.  I see  what the obsession is all about.  You just feel cool when you eat here."  trying to figure out how to make it .  I really want to try the Bloody Marys one of these weekends. I had one at their sister restaurant ""The misfit "" in Santa Monica. I hope it's just as good . LGO should be on your Bucket List . Now Go !" The bread here is fantastic!!" Any coffee drink is bomb sauce. The only thing LGO could do to improve would be to add more vegetarian/vegan items. But those cookies.... godDAYUM." I don't know why I continue to go here and expect things to change. I've had the pizza here once and it was great. Breakfast however is entirely different.  They can't cook eggs !!!  Always runny and under cooked. The place is usually freezing cold and I think the music is played so loudly that it will take your mind off your cold food. Really disappointed as I live only a block away.  They might want to send some of there cooks to the Breakfast Club for a refresher course. The curb side service is a nice "This restraunt only gets 4 stars because it is so ridiculously busy(and apparently so all the time). However...people this place is AMAZING! I had the Avacado pizza and would have eaten the entire thing myself And one last thing....the LGO english muffins. GET THEM." "Have been going to LGO since 2003 and have always enjoyed the cuisine. Several times - either when ordering in the grocery or dining at the Pizzeria - the music has been so headsplitting as to wipe out any ambience or semblance of a welcoming neighborhood restaurant. Last night the demographic in the Pizzeria during the course of our meal ranged from 30-80 years of age. Several pleas to turn the music down just enough to be able to hear the waiter standing next to me were greeted with ""it's just how we do things"" and ""there's no point in asking because they won't turn it down even a little"". The waiter This place is super busy but so worth it! Parking is literally a nightmare but with a little luck R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g  and soft...it was to die for! I have to go back and buy a package of them to bring home. The food was ready in about 6 minutes. We got our coffee from a different counter. It can be confusing in there and very hard to hear when they call your name (we missed hearing our names called for our coffee so they sat on the counter for a long time) and the small isles make it tricky to navigate around people...but people do it...daily...because it is just that good."  the staff gets it right and with a smile !  FRESH coffee FRESH Juice  FRESH Pastries.... need anything else ?  nope  Why 4 stars? A little too pricey for what you get." The one down side is the parking and trying to secure a table because of the popularity and good food being served here!"  when we make a trip from the East "I really like LGO. I go here very often as I have my monthly RD meetings here. I have only been for breakfast/lunch and would like to go to the pizzeria at night. I love the ambiance of this place. It's so cute and trendy and warm. Everything I have ate there so far has been amazing. The roasted chicken is soooooooo good. Things you have to get there- the english muffins and the sea salt chocolate chip cookie. I don't even like english muffins and LGO's are unbelievable. Don't even get me started on the cookie. I have to get it everytime I go. It is the BEST chocolate chip cookie in the world- and I've had many a chocolate chip cookie in my day. Make sure you specifically ask for the LGO sea salt cookie. One time one of my friends got the ""healthy"" Tammy cookie on accident and from what she said it was not good." "Who doesn't love the commuter? I didn't give it a 5 because the staff is usually rude (understandable since they are always so busy) and when ordering Hope to try more next time I visit AZ"  but not all the food is equal to the price. But here's the point: It doesn't matter. It's a great community hotspot (not a far stretch to say up and coming landmark)  that sets itself above most all other choices. Set up your Wi Fi  I had a margarita pizza and a chopped turkey salad.  I would love too see this restaurant concept in Newport! I am thoroughly impressed and thank you for making my trip well worth the flight out!"  but they move quickly and the staff are always friendly.  I got really excited when I saw that they are opening an LGO at the PHX airport!" I have not eaten at LGO very often but when I have I am always pleased with the food there. They seem a bit short-staffed whenever I do go and if you are trying to have a business meeting be prepared for very loud music. If you are there to just take advantage of the free WiFi and good food then you won't be disappointed. We got a kale and quinoa salad that was enjoyed to every last bit.  We then followed up with a pizza which was so amazing it left me wondering what I actually got because I was so happy with it!  We enjoyed wine with each plate and the selection is broad for regions and open for varietals.  Basically something for everyone.  Service was spot on even though she was a new server she was prompt with responses The thong visual was pretty messed up though." ughh......Ive been an LGO promoter for 10 years....no longer.  they had an excellent product when they featured tammie coe bakery goods.  the new internally baked products are just not to the same standard.......continuing the downward slide. R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g  apparently there's some more self-parking spots at their accounting office one block up.  Good to know!"  LGO has become a pretty regular staple for me at lunchtime. It has an open and relaxing atmosphere with lots of windows and natural lighting  I really just wish they would remedy some of these issues."  but they don't even have a table changer in their bathrooms.  I was there with my 2 year nephew and had to take him to the car to change his dirty diaper.  If you call a place kids friendly Love everything about this place! I really do... its my favorite place to stop after a hike up Camelback! ... really its just my favorite place to stop period. :)" Will probably stop in for desserts if ever in the area but would'nt step foot in the restaurant side again unless it was free." Great pizza and the best red velvet cake I've ever had!  recommend the smoked bacon apple tuna sandwich and seriously took tuna to another level! Their desserts!! Where do I begin!! .. from the chocolate chunk sea salt cookie to the red velvet cake! I couldn't leave without taking more home for everyone. I cant wait to go back to AZ for another visit!"  this place is amazing! It's like a modern Cracker Barrell (no offense R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g Be aware that in the evenings the sandwiches aren't available and pizza/entrees take about 25 minutes. Salads are still available" R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g  and rife with dark chocolate while house made marshmallows and graham crackers attempt to add some levity this certainly isn't an everyday treat but as a capper to a an LGO pizza it worked quite nicely." The to-go ordering is really efficient and delicious. Check this place out for sure."  the whole concept is awesome: a funky gift shop/specialty food store with an attached pizzeria offering good eats and unique gifts without any of the pretentiousness you might encounter at similar places." Everything is freshly made and there are many vegetarian options.  Plus the desserts are abound...I couldn't choose just one yesterday so I bought two!  Campfire brownie (think S'more on top of a darkish chocolate brownie) & old fashioned chocolate pudding with whipped cream and chocolate chips.  You'd think my pudding was my entree as I gorged myself to the point of rolling out of the place."  vibe and ambiance.  It's a happy place." The only thing to complain about was that it was hard to keep things from falling out of the sandwich. Perhaps more toothpicks?" Definitely the best pizza I've had in the valley. It tasted even better than Pizzeria Bianco. Giving it 4 stars only because the pizza was greasy to the point that it was soggy within minutes. I need to come back and get the pizza!" Great food. Always busy. I literally had to sort through the cutlery to find a clean fork and knife. They were washed but no polished and there were chucks of old food on them."  and Iced Tea... Very good food but the no servers or full service restaurant before 4pm kind of bugs me" A wonderful place to have GREAT food and a fun atmosphere!  and chat with friends while all the pretty Arcadian locals come in to grab their superior breads and cakes.  I would expect a beer at a place like this to cost $5.  Nope.  It is only $2  yet one of the best breakfast sandwiches you will find.  Parking is slim." Definitely a fan of LGO Grocery." 4* only because i'll probably search for the next 10 years to find something better. sandwiches are great but i particularly love the genuine english muffins. none of that thomas's anymore. very comfortable layout too. sometimes tight but always cool I like how they have a guy directing traffic in the parking lot. if not it'd be a mad house." Everyone who works here is super nice and sweet. Oh--and it's dog friendly and has bike parking very good place to eat - all items are well prepared  it's worth a visit to La Grande Orange!" "My visiting daughter from Montana took us here following a hike up Echo Canyon at Camelback Mtn. We were completely impressed. Had the cubano panini and it was delicious!  Very hipster location with a nostalgic candy section The only thing that sucks is the parking but the valet guys can usually work something out for you."  poached eggs! it is simple the best I have ever had! They also have the most amazing sea salt chocolate chip cookie that simply CANNOT be over looked. I have had dinner here as well and the pizza is superb  but it's already a favorite because their desserts are out of this world. Their sea salt chocolate chip cookie changed my world. Seriously."  but the best part is being there to enjoy it all fully in its full state!" The staff is super nice and very welcoming. The parking situation is a little challenging at times but  I kept my cool and found a spot right across the street without too much fumbling." The grocery has some of the most fun and random items that are great for any special occasion.  The food itself is very good whether it be the breakfast specials My only complaint is the parking. Which seems to be common among the area. On Saturdays you might find yourself circling the area to find a spot. Don't let it stop you!"  the food is fantastic.  Very good stuff. I had the fried eggs and they were very very good. The food was extremely fresh and the employees were very helpful.  Some how need to work the line/order/pick up process and it will be a 5.  Tough to find a seat Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #33" When will oldies just die already? Just kidding."  they have really neat and eclectic gifts and specialty items. I like to hop over here after enjoying a pizza to browse all of their fun items!"  Parking is No bueno and the place was Packed! need to try the food next time...."  and picking up your order from different parts of the market but it all seems to work. I plan on trying their sandwiches next. They looked great as I was creeping on other peoples food." "Like this place needs another amazing review...but I'll do my due diligence.  When I go out of town my favorite thing to do is seek out the best of the best foods of that city.   Best of Phoenix gave this place the best cookie award for their sea salt chocolate chip cookie...first bite impression: Sweet n savory. Can we say delicious and best of both worlds in one ginormous cookie?!?! While waiting to ring up we saw one of the employees slice up their red velvet cake...we couldn't take our eyes off it so we asked for a piece to go  but if I can't park and always have to wait in line you don't get 5 stars!" I'm here way too often One complaint though: parking is a nightmare most times.  I hope they expand to a larger location with ample parking." Best cookies I've ever had. I'm glad I don't live closer or my next review would be of the Biggest Loser ranch. Awesome gelato too. The smoked salmon commuter sandwich is outstanding. I look forward to eating here every time I return to Phoenix.  even though the bakery is literally 3 doors down from them. They have subbed them with their own (again mediocre) baked items." For 400+ reviews I was expecting a blow-your-mind experience. It's just a trendy place and for some that is enough. I live to eat so atmosphere has a lower priority on my scorecard." "Cute store! Reminds me of the awesome little french bakeries in NYC. Part knick knack store  independent feel and less of a city of Super-Walmart-Target-Sam's-Club strip mall attractions. The food is homemade and fresh and the ambience is fun."  and gladly switched my order for something more expensive without having me pay the difference.  The kids devoured their Avocado Pizza and loved their Mango & Lola Espresso Gelatos afterwards.  All in all a good experience and will most likely make the trek out again soon."  this place has a little bit of everything. Met some friends for lunch at 11:30 and it was already busy. They have FREE valet parking and inside & outside seating. Breakfast all day A great place to go for lunch and a wonderful array of sweet treats. The best thing to get are they English muffins which are super delicious. I get them for gifts and freeze them since I'm rarely in Arizona. R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g LGO used to be our go-to spot on weekends for coffee and a light breakfast.  Over the last year or so the place has changed.  They no longer carry the good pastries (Tammie Coe) and the portions are smaller and not that great.  The prices however are still way high.  though slightly expensive gifty items  as well as food items.  The place is bigger than it looks. I will try to go at a less busy time next time and get a better feel for the place." LGO also has a display of the cutest and quirkiest items on sale in the front. It's a great way to kill time while waiting for your order  and avocado to make a true meal of it. But save room for dessert -  I highly recommend the ""makes you wanna slap your momma"" carrot cake. At least LGO should consider changing the name to that. The store also has a super cute 'grocery' section to peruse - well-curated trinkets  I have no interest in valeting my car to go in and get something to go. They do have curbside to go and that works well if you call in an order  I must say it was one of the better things that I have ever tried. We also had the quinoa and kale salad that they split onto two plates for us without asking which was really nice. The salad was very tasty top it off with a bottle of wine and great ambiance. It was a really nice evening." The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because the parking situation is ridiculous. I know they have a valet who will park your car for you and they validate the valet ticket so you don't have to pay the $3  diverse menu.  Commuter sandwich has to be my fav." "La Grande Orange is one of those fantastically energetic smallish neighbor markets that offers an ever shifting and marvelous menagerie of breakfast Pizza and wings are good. Really good. The server said we have a wine special for 5 bucks we ordered it. Then we ordered it again for a second round. OK good deal. Now we all enjoyed the meal no issues at all with that. The bill came 7 bucks each for the 5 buck wine special. I asked about it...I was given a tongue tripping BS answer...ok whatever. Hokey business practices...good food..you decide.  and not easy to maneuver inside the grocery part thus my opening line. But the food is good. I hear their breakfast rocks it. ( I have never had it yet)" I will have to come back for breakfast.  i do love your muffins!"  the quality and taste is amazing. I have also had their english muffins and highly recommend you grab some for home! So glad yelp introduced me to this place. I will be back to try more goodies and some pizza. The girl at the service counter was very nice and quick in getting our order."  you cannot go wrong with anything that you order here. I have tried most of their items on their menu (sometimes just for a change) and have I been satisfied every single time. Since I travel for work My go to order item is a cheese pizza with extra cheese but don't doubt me until you try it.  They also have great salads and a lot of options for my veggie loving friends.  Things have been a little different since they separated with Tami Coe/MJ Bread but their red velvet cake  you seduced me with your English muffins!! What did I do to you to be so tortured by this delightful food!! These English muffins are heaven sent! Perfectly amazing on their own  on weekend mornings it is ALWAYS packed. It is going to be LOUD and CROWDED and you are going to have to STAND and WAIT for a while. AKA- don't go here when you're hungover or bring a hungover individual because they will NOT enjoy it (too much hustle and bustle when you're feeling weak/sick). It reminds me of some cafes/groceries I've been to in Europe which I think makes me like it even more. All of the breakfast items are delicious. The commuter sandwich is yummy. I like it with avocado  the place is self service till 4pm.  Got a turkey salad that was per-prepared and a ice tea totaling $11.   Nice environment."  slightly oily English Muffin. The one this morn tasted more like a roll than a muffin and is unfortunately the 2nd in the last few months that has been below their usual quality. Meh."  head to LGO. Try the open face chicken sandwich"  and then go back and try to listen for your name while pouring your own (not good) coffee and then busing the dishes.....I just don't love it. I think I'll stick with the pastries for now (as they are super delicious)." Its always fun wandering around and finding random little nick nacks for yourself Glad to have tried LGO out for breakfast and their amazing breakfast sandwiches. Omg like I needed another reason to love this place so!! Yep I will be back!"  lots of cute unique items. The food is freaking delicious. The desserts are amazing. The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is it is a teeeensy bit over priced. Ok not so teensy. It is overpriced. We paid A LOT for 2 english muffin sandwiches(Which we loved and still dream about) But jeez louise! Its an english muffin sandwich! It didn't come with any sides or anything! This is a good place for a date Great food and have been going there since it opened.  The Pizza is really good and the Commuter hits the spot for breakfast.  I recommend LGO to everyone. So I will come back for more baked goods and to try the pizza but I don't think I will stop for breakfast again. Maybe without a large group it wouldn't be so bad but still they need to have some kind of service at breakfast or close off the dinning room. Something needs to change." We LOVE LGO for breakfast! Their homemade English Muffin breakfast sandwiches are phenomenal. And their coffee is great. Perfect thing for my husband and I after an exhausting morning hike. We've also had some cupcakes and a red velvet cake from LGO and their desserts are to die for. Highly recommend.  but will drive all the way across town to get it. Like both the Zuni burrito and the commuter sandwich. So much better than just your run of the mill breakfast burrito or breakfast sandwich. Quality ingredients and great taste. The English muffins are ridiculously good Has a line but moves very quickly" I kept smelling intriguing pizza so I had to grab a couple to-go when I left. And... some cupcakes. I got a cheese  and roasted corn with goat cheese pizza and they tasted as good as they smelled. It wasn't a greasy pizza and it had just the right amount of flavor to make each bite beautiful. Been to CPK? The pizzas are about that size. Want to be completely stuffed? Order one for yourself or have a great meal for two. The S'more cupcake was out of this world bursting with goodness. Not too sweet "the best wings in town...baked not deep fried...pizza is good...sandwich with chiebatta bread with smoked salmon There's like ZERO parking here so be prepared to fight it out!" R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g I hear the Roasted Corn Pizza is where it's at - Will definitely have to return to give it a try!" I had ordered things from the menu and they were all very tasty....Don't forget to try their fresh squeezed orange juice."  but the commuter sandwich (avacado and bacon) was superb. The english muffin is as good as everyone says! The manager accommodated our request for mimosas on a non mimosa day. The hostess girl was very helpful for a first timer! Just a great breakfast spot." Nice to sit out side and enjoy our beautiful Arizona weather"  delicious and well prepared.  The service was very quick and the staff was pleasant and efficient. I asked for a different variation on the sandwich I ordered and they had no problem making the change.   I couldn't have had a better experience---and at an airport that makes it even more impressive."  cupcakes-lemon bars that are gluten free. I can't wait to find an excuse to indulge!" They are opening up the jndigo too soon!" Not sure I like the idea of going to a restaurant to eat and feel the pressure to buy all the merchandize they put in front of you as you walk in." "Usually I love me some LGO but today I received the worst service I have had in a long time. I took some new Lgo-ers here after convincing them that they have the best salads and nice friendly staff. To begin...the cashier was very rude when one of the salads was asked to be made without cheese. Then after waiting over 25 minutes for our 3 salads there were no apologies or explanation as to why it took so long. The worst part of it all is when we complained about the wait I just saw they opened shop in the airport!" "I accidentally reviewed this restaurant instead of their airport location. The airport location was amazing and delicious with a ton of vegan R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g  complete with heads so far up asses that ""excuse me"" is lost on them."  I can totally overlook these things to get good coffee for cheap (if you have a tumbler to get refilled Two stars is being generous for this place. I tried to go here for breakfast with a large group and the system to get food was so chaotic and busy that I actually had to leave. It's not bad enough that I had to spend twenty minutes to find a place to park since space is limited and there is no parking on the street.  I have had their English muffins and they are fabulous but even their greatness doesn't entice me to ever want to return here.  over all it was great but the waitress did forget my water... I asked twice  neat little grocery area (more eclectic stuff than actual groceries) If you are planning on having a nice conversation with a friend Pizzas:  the way to go  you will be permanently ruined! It's a great place to check out for Breakfast or lunch. It can be kinda busy at times and parking is a pain but trust me it's worth it!" There are about three different ""locations"" inside the one room - LGO Bakery The place is so cool love coming here breakfast  onions and an egg!! The trick that one of the staff recommended to us (that we completely forgot yo do but will do next time) was to have the egg cooked over medium since they typically serve the egg sunny side up which can be too runny for most. I personally liked the gladiator more than the fallen angel. We also decided to go with a growler which you can decide to keep or just drink at the table (of course we decided to keep it for am extra $12). It is such a uniquely shaped growler! Super cute Great for cyclist who are out on a ride a want a place to rest and fuel up. Also great for family and friends just hanging out."  I tried something new (gasp!).  I was also so happy I did and will now have some debating to do when I am having a bite to eat at LGO.  This time I had the brown rice bowl.  I was opting for something on the healthy side.  This dish was some seriously tasty ingredients combined in a bowl.  Such great flavor!  As usual I really need to start liking oatmeal." I highly recommend going here for breakfast or lunch - their food/pastries are amazing Been coming here since 2008. This place never disappoints. Great healthy choices everyday all day. Check out my Daybreaker egg white omelet with spinach and mushrooms in the pic :) Delicious!  very rude girl at bakery counter!  If I hadn't wanted the AZ cookie so badly I would've just walked out.  There's better (and closer) bakeries than this one." PS This place is especially awesome after a delish Ingo's burger... not to put in a shameless plug or anything." Love this place. Great coffee and food. Lines can be annoying and occasionally the music (although good) is waaayyyy too loud. Like nightclub loud and you can't have a conversation. Asked a staff person if they could turn it down a bit and she was totally rude about it and blew us off. Parking sucks but there is valet. Pizza is awesome. The place might be getting a little full of itself however. They need to realize there are growing alternatives nearby.  service and wonderful food. They always have a few (super delicious) gluten free baked goods to choose from that go great with their amazing coffees in the morning. Great gluten free pizza and salads. Very fun place to eat  to boot - and I stopped going.  My last few visits have been pretty great (aside from overhearing a woman who had terrible service getting no help at all to make it better).  It's definitely a risk.  It's so popular that the counter employees don't seem concerned with customer service at all (the servers in the main restaurant are great  I gave it 4 stars mainly because of the food."  or a cookie.  Lots of neat gifts and books.  Staff is friendly and service is great even if it seems a little chaotic.  Borderline overpriced but the quality is there." I'm a 5th generation NY'er from Manhattan.  Snide about food.  And I'd rather eat here at La Grande Orange than 120 year old Katz Deli on the lower east side.  Yeah La grande orange is that good."  and the burger. You can't forget an iced coffee and sea salt chocolate chip cookie to top of the meal... It's an unbeatable combo. The staff here is really friendly and there always seems to be cute dogs hanging outside  I {heart} this place :)"  but def worth it. It is always busy and I was a bit confused how ordering/seating worked on a Sunday afternoon. This is a market/restaurant and seating is next door What can I say about this place that hasn't been said before? This place amazing In every way shape and form!  saying I need to just grab pre-packaged ones in the fridge. I've been here many times and never had problems before. I stood my ground and eventually received my nicely plated salad :). Smoked salmon salad is my favorite menu item. The tuna nioise was also very good. You can pick up a nice bottle of wine and eat on the side picnic tables. I forget her name but The beautiful salads and scrumptious sandwiches for lunch and for dinner their delicious pizzas and burgers and don't forget their perfect sangria that will sneak up on you by the second glass; you win with whatever you choose. I have learned going early or around 5pm I don't have too much trouble with parking and when the front lot is full then their is always the valet option.  It's no wonder why this place is packed EVERYDAY!" Great Food and great atmosphare!  lunch or dinner. Never had a bad meal from here. My favorites are the commuter sandwich  particularly the cupcakes. Gelato is a good way to end a night. I'm a regular and dessert to go?! Food has always been outstanding huge fan of the roasted corn pizza ADD avocado! I like the option of dine in or out ! Fun time for first date or ladies night ." I especially loved the reversible shopping totes! The fabric so so gorgeous on both sides that your real dilemma is not about when to use the tote but which side to feature!" "I worked with Cole in creating a GF dessert spread for an event held last weekend. The entire process - from the initial order  too busy to care what the plate looked like and no silverware clean. The place was packed. Why?" Great pizza and atmosphere. Well worth it. Absolutely delicious! "Wow. Completely disappointed. I had the commuter. When did English muffins lose their crispness They had a check-in offer to receive 50% off a scoop of their gelato that looked delicious R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g If you are a self employed person the bar side scene is gold. Great way to meet other quality people and naturally network. Decent food.  and a fantastic bakery. My favorite things are the Havana latte and their freshly made English muffins. (The muffins just melt in your mouth - it's like nothing I've had before!) Their bakery items are fantastic as well - especially the cookies. I've ordered a birthday cake from here and it was a decadent delight. The only downside is the parking is extremely limited and it's like a madhouse trying to get in or out. Recently they implemented valet parking "love the casual atmosphere and light food I recommend the coffee and the salted chocolate chip cookie. They also have amazing pizza  and it was wonderful. Seriously some of the best food to the most friendly and helpful staff. I had a great time  but get there early to limit wait time - 4.90 Stars" Took way too long to get my drink refills." "Stopped in to pick up some dessert and was helped by a cute redhead who answered all my questions and was quick & efficient. Good job. Even though the place was busy and crowded  it tastes like crap.  Their chicken is stringy and has that gross chicken taste.  So I usually will get the boiled egg on the salad but prefer to have chicken.  If only they would grill some chicken that they could add to their salads.  Also the thai chicken salad which has a delish dressing would be good except their chicken on it tastes like crap.  Not sure why they have this problem.  Also I highly recommend this place to anyone who likes tasty I will keep coming back if this experience is repeated." The price is a little expensive  a salted chocolate chip cookie and gelato. It was heaven. The lemon bar was super tart. The cookie had a lot of salt and that brought out the chocolate and the gelato was very creamy. They also sell a lot of fun chachkis and books. I liked looking around the store."  and studying. Food is awesome. Im going to nibble on this mushroom and pepperoni pizza all day."  ours will always be a long distance relationship." I love this place! Grocery store has some cool original items but can be a bit too pricey. The Pizza is awesome my favorite over all the pizza spots in town. Great atmosphere. Parking can be a pain at busy hours but you can also order pizza to pick up and there are open spots to pull up and they will bring out pizza to your car. Prices are good too. Great coffee. breakfast is good too. I have nothing but the best to say about LGO.  I have dined here many times and have always been pleased with my dining experience. One of my faviorite meals to get is the pizza and the salmon chopped salad.  This is a great place to meet friends and family at where you know anything you order is going to taste great. "The turkey salad is delicious but the reuben sandwich was amazing. I usually don't even like reuben sandwiches  and gf options....you must try LGO! :-)" R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g I only come to La Grande Orange for my red velvet cupcakes. They are the best! I always judge a bakery's abilities on how well they can make a red velvet cake. There's a thin line between red velvet and tasting like chocolate and so many ones fail. But la grande orange has mastered this art! I always recommend this place for sweet treats and everyone has loved them. I can't speak on much else in the store or restaurant but the staff is very friendly and there's a lot of neat stuff to look at inside. Not good for: poor young deal-seekers"  the bacon was cold and my coffee wasn't strong..." I don't like chocolate chip cookies but I was tempted... Their salted chocolate chip cookies were outstanding.  Possibly the best chocolate chip cookie on the planet??"  and is one of the reason I keep coming back. I can't get enough of this place. They have yummy appetizers like the ceviche or chip platter trio. The roasted corn pizza is also amazing. Don't forget to try desert  trying something different each time and I've NEVER been disappointed. My boyfriend and I split a California roll out of the case and it was some of the best sushi we've had. The open-faced Croque Madame is a must try as well!" Cute little place which serves really nice sandwiches and salads. We ordered mimosas and turkey sandwiches. Crowd is hip and ambience is casual. Offers a wide range brunch and lunch dishes. Crowded on Sundays but I enjoyed my brunch date here :) I'm in love with this place! I haven't had a single thing that was bad here. I'm going to make a stop here every time I come to Phoenix!" the pizza's smelled delicious and all the salads look super healthy. prices are average and the service is always friendly." The Reuben sandwich is great too!"  then enjoyed a refreshing lemonade and a commuter sandwich with smoked salmon. I love this place. I wish I had one near my house. I would eat lunch here every day and order something different off the menu each time." Ordered a burger medium rare and it came out well done.  Terrible.  They have a limited menu after 5pm. Fries are pretty good though. I would go back for sure!" R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g  etc. YUM.  Now I am going to have to make a pit stop in their handy To Go parking spots because I just thought of all their delicious food." "The strawberry sorbet tastes like middle school... Sounds super weird but once you try it  even when it's out of the way. It's one of the better spots to grab a coffee and hang out. Definitely worth a visit! But if you choose to sit outside "I love LGO! They have the BEST chocolate chip sea salt cookies that I have ever tried! I am also obsessed with their breakfast commuter "" and then proceeded to walk away. The pizza is worth 5 stars the happy hour menu and service is worth 1. The owners need to have a separate happy hour menu or train their servers to be more forthcoming with correct information." "I always go to this place when I visit Phoenix since I have friends that live nearby and I love it for breakfast.  It's a great meeting spot to visit with friends.  I love their breakfast sandwiches and I have had their salads for lunch which are good as well. The only downside is that it's not that big so there is always a line but the food comes up quickly.  You can walk around and shop while you wait and they have lots of cute trinkets to buy.  The quality is decent for the price. The staff is not the friendliest all the time but I haven't had any bad experiences.  I wouldn't go our of your way for it but if you are nearby it's a cute place to stop and eat.  It's super casual and first come first serve to find a table.  You order at the counter inside the store which by the way is not a grocery store Don't forget my favorite dessert --the salted chocolate chip cookie!  You won't find it anywhere else!" "I've been there a few times since I moved into the area. Each time the staff seemed to have an attititude. It's as if they were looking down on me. The food and the tea were good This place never fails to please me.  If you have out of town guests it's a great place to bring them.  My favorite breakfast is their commuter sandwich with smoked salmon and avocado and I've been here for dinner too and dare I say it?  Their pizza is even better than Bianco's! Always the most enjoyable of experiences! The food was fantastic!! I love the French pancakes! The atmosphere is incredibly amazing! Love love love this spot!  great food and an incredible atmosphere. If I lived in this city I'd be here on a regular basis. It's a little pricy for the amount of food you get but I think it's worth it."  she put just half the espresso shot but then she mixed the whole drink and I told her that's not what I wanted and I wanted it layered and she said I would so go back for another one of their cookies!!" Great intro to the pheonix area. Way to represent!" Pizza for lunch is typically great as well.  We learned to not add any more toppings to standard menu because it can make the food a bit too salty.  Besides La Grande Gave LGO another shot and they have forever won back our business. Our servers name was Lindsey and she made our night a perfect experience. Thank you LGO for making it right! The seats and table were dirty."  but overall they have a delicious menu for breakfast! Definitely a cute neighborhood spot for the weekends." "The food here is simply amazing. I LOVE their ""rocket man"" pizza and kale salad! Definitely recommend it for take out or a casual dinner atmosphere. I like to sit at the bar and the bartenders always friendly & delightful." "I had the green chile burger here...HOLY YUMMMM!!!! Amazing! The service  great aesthetic and amazing cookies." "I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is not even a sushi place but it pretty much has the best sushi around for around 8 dollars and I always second think about buying a small sized 8 dollar salad and then I eat it and it does not disappoint with how fresh and delicious everything is. BEST DESSERTS  great prices. Friendly.  We broke out the beach cruisers and rode down the Arizona canal. Great ending to a good ride. Friendly. Cool atmosphere. Always a good spot." My visit to LGO was great as always!  I love this place!  My biggest issue with this place is that they need to do something about how fast people drive in front of the restaurant.  I was sitting inside and timing cars going by.  They we're going in excess of 50 miles an hour.  One lady was smoking and looking at her laptop.  I really think that LGO should try to go to the state and have a police officer stationed on the road so that they can stop all of this craziness going on while I eat.  At the stop light I surveyed some of the people and I was all like.  Why you going so fast while I'm trying to eat at LGO.  And there all like.... what?... then I was all like.  Yeah I thought so.  Go to LGO its the bomb!  and friendly service.  If we lived here "I wanted to update my review being I f_cking love this place and they have been on point lately w/ my Nut Mylk lattes! I seriously am always here I love the pastries - The pasty chef is amazing! I love that he stays true to his craft and makes items that look and taste homemade. They are not overdone or over decorated. Real food done real well!  I love the atmosphere! Tons of energy - The gift buyer has impeccable taste! They hire the best in their respected fields. This grocer is a wonderful place to stop by and enjoy lunch. I have tried their Sonoma Salad as well as their Stacked Turkey Sandwich and though the turkey sandwich is very good I felt the salad trumped it. The ingredients are fresh and I love how everything is made to order. Truly a gem in Phoenix. Great spot to grab breakfast or lunch in the Arcadia neighborhood.  Recommend trying the Cubano sandwich (not listed on the menu) and the bacon potato salad in the single serving deli area.  it's a cool little place. They have ""hard to find"" trinkets from your younger days.  There are some unique gifts to shop for. As far as the food goes  but I've been going here so much more often for their delicious cold brew coffee on tap. They use Mr. Coffee I believe. They also have an almond milk latte that is out of this world. It was recommended to me by a friend. I was skeptical at first because I am not a fan of boxed/store bought almond milk. Never fear "We've lived in Phoenix for less than two weeks and LGO has already become our go-to. Their bircher muesli Note: There is an LGO at the airport as well - this is my MOST frequented airport meal because it is AWESOME for airport food.  As a vegetarian with many meat-eating family/friends  etc. are really pricey. In fact I have yet to buy any of the shop items despite my multiple visits/temptations. I think the place should price their items so that it is more on the level of their food pricing. At least they would sell more items that way. I feel like the prices are what you would find at a high end boutique  but a little on the pricey side.  Not enough that I wouldn't return. The only negative was the limited parking and the packed restaurant. The first time I went during what I would consider the late lunch hours and the place was packed. I lucked out with finding parking. The next time I went early figuring I would miss the crowds. I didn't.  The lines are a little confusing because the registers wrap around the store.  Overall  store has tons of things to buy after eating.  Had hash that was added to menu and was great taste and perfect amount."  but great food and a favorite of the locals."  I do need help. And a gym.)"  as you'll probably get hooked too. This corner of 40th St & Campbell (or at least I think it's Campbell) has much to offer to the food-lover with Ingo's to the north and Postino's to the west. I can't to wait to stop by again next weekend!"  best cheeseburger and fries I've ever had in my life. The treats from the bakery are always fantastic. Will definitely stop by again."  would love to see a little diversity especially in this day of age. Hate the parking "I recently moved and live really close to LGO and I'm feeling really lucky! In the last week I have had the rotisserie chicken sandwich - a stacked turkey sandwich I would certainly return to see what other vegan desserts they have So Sorry U decided to change bakers.Your dbl choc choc chip cookie was the BEST. NOTHING and I mean NOTHING you have now compares to it.Please see if you can bring it back. We also love Chelseas kitchen. we R usually there 2-3 times a month.  and all located in a great location next to two other community staples (Postinos Arcadia & Ingos). They lose a star for poor parking and lack of tablespace for all of us groups looking to hangity hang."  Cole is still my #1 contact for any desserts that I need catered. And each time I contact him One of the best breakfast spots in Phoenix.  I return regularly  definitely not Denny's'. The Eggs Benedict are like none other "I come to LGO daily for coffee and usually on the weekends for breakfast. The service is always wonderful. I'm impressed at the staff's ability to handle the crowd and always get things right. I was there this weekend and ate outside and had an incident with a bird swooping down and taking my eggs. I took it in and offered to pay for another and the chef took my receipt and refused to let me pay. To top it off "Love this place. Love the convenient order and pick up parking -- although I hate their parking lot. Their kale and quinoa salad is probably my favorite salad ever. Their iced tea is the best. I drink a lot of black iced tea and theirs is hands down my favorite. Their new salted iced tea latte is a fantastic afternoon pick me up. The gluten free cookie is one of the best cookies I have ever had - put it in the ring against any cookie gluten free or not and its coming out on top. And of course their sea salt chocolate chip cookie is great too. They have amazing English muffins  but they have take out if you want to avoid the pretentious/posers. The only reason I am not giving five stars is because parking is ridiculous! We love the food here  popular place after a hike up Camelback or a run along the canal.  Parking situation greatly improved when the LGO management office opened a block north of the restaurant-parking in their business lot is encouraged for restaurant guests.  I love the market- items are expensive but very unique." It can get crowded and a little crazy at times but it's expected due to how small the venue. Only complaint is lack of parking. Never any self parking available especially because Postino's is next store. Go during the off times to really enjoy and explore."  staff is fabulous! I can't get enough of their peanut butter cookies and Thai chicken salad...yum!!!" "I got a gift certificate to this place. The food was ok. The place is disorganized. I'm giving this place a 2 mostly because of the snotty service. It was all teenage girls taking orders and repeating ""like"" and acting snotty. When I asked for an ice coffee refill  but just recently the realization hit me: it's pretty mediocre. Yeah the environs are about as inviting and cutesy arcadia as they can be Our pizza... Was delicious! It's a must try. The crust is just right ugh mouthwatering. Definitely will come back." R8VwdLyvsp9iybNqRvm94g  avocado?! How do I choose!?!? Amazing crust. Amazing pesto. Amazing quinoa salad. Amazing !!!! Nutella gelato. 4 stars because the service. It's well known the girls on the order side don't have the best ...er...customer service. But I will eat their attitudes and lack of menu knowledge with an avocado pizza." Gluten free pizza and the smoked salmon salad are fantastic. Great vibe. Can be a bit confusing if you go during the day.  but I'll be damned if it doesn't taste amazing with their english muffins The wine section is where most of my dollars go. They have a cool selection  great food and drinks and wonderful place to be with community. #lifeisbetterhere" I love love love the Havana latte...I live in Colorado and every time I visit Phoenix this is a must stop for me...why oh why won't they come to Colorado =( sigh Beware of crowds on the weekend.  Good thing the offer complimentary valet because parking was crazy." The english muffins are amazing. My usual order is the commuter with salmon. The sea salted chocolate chip cookies are to die for...  I get without because the salt is overpowering. A good brownie is tough to find and LGO has it. Buttery and rich." "LGO serves excellent food and interesting products. I remain disappointed every time with what can only be described as less than mediocre service.  They have more servers than most establishments but consistently make errors in orders and provide sloooow service.  I'd suggest that management do an efficiency study.  I realize that LGO's unique offerings makes it popular but I feel cheated in the remainder of the equation Loved having La Grand Orange sponsor our Phoenix Workshop with their delicious pastries! Best way to start off our mornings!  but it's super mediocre. From the food to the service. The atmosphere is very overwhelming. I'm a vegetarian so I ordered the Zuni burrito wort no eggs. I could've made a better burrito at home that wouldn't have cost 8.00." "The Commuter Sandwich with turkey was amazing. The turkey was so fresh and flavorful  crispy croutons and a creamy and delicious dressing with awesome cheese. The wings have a great smoky flavor and just enough heat and are paired with an amazing blue cheese "NOT FRENCH IN ANY WAY! Why in that category? The sandwiches were mediocre (yellow mustard  but OMG they were TO DIE FOR. I have been craving them every day since. I'm also a BIG fan of their iced tea. I love you LGO & will most definitely be back soon!"  brunch or lunch. There is a great atmosphere and lots of delicious food. The salted chocolate chip cookies are to die for. Love the croque madame too. YUM!"  just wish the place was bigger. I just read a tip about their gelato happy hour (half off) so I'd like to come back for that!" Pizza is amazing.  We had roasted corn pizza which was delicious. Crust is perfect. There is something for everyone here.  Gets really busy but worth the wait.  Morning buns start fresh at 7am.  Rotisserie chicken sandwich could not be any better. Coleslaw and BBQ Sause adds. No processed meats here. It's cooked on site and served warm on the rolls. So good." I would be so very happy if a location opened up in San Diego because Phoenix is a bit of a drive for English Muffins." "Fantastic red velvet cup-cakes. Pricey but worth it. Parking is very limited. Salads were good Parking can be a pain during rush house."  the Pinot Noir BOTTLES of wine they had available were between $9.00 and $20.00.. I expressed my disbelief that I just paid $14.00 for one glass when an entire bottle was sold there for less. The waitress basically told me that I had been ripped off by the bartender. The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars rather than 1 is because our waitress was honest and straightforward "Love love love this spot! Oh how I wish there was one much closer to me. They're a one-stop shop for cute  tuna nicoise salad and the tuna salad sandwich. I use the curb-side service weekly to avoid the crowds."  sweats and eats!  I can see why whenever I was searching the MLS in this area all sellers would brag about being ""walking distance to LGO"" in their listings I would actually take up residence in here if it was allowed. I love LGO that much. Can't wait to come back upon my next Phoenix visit!" Went to this place once and have gone back 3 more times. The gluten free chocolate cookies are amazing! Super gooey and chocolatey! A must try!  pretty much every chance you get. Skinny doesn't feel as good as this stuff tastes." I have only tried their bakery items. The cookies and brownies are so yummy. I'll come from Mesa anytime for a sweet treat.  but it's so hard to park here. So it's always to-go orders for me." Probably going back there for lunch more often now." How have I never reviewed LGO? I'll keep this short and sweet. Their pizza is my favorite in town. They use a sourdough type crust and it is delicious. Their burgers are also very good. Topped with a mountain of shredded sharp cheddar and you can ask for an english muffin as a bun if you prefer! Their french fries are plentiful and killer and don't forget to end your night with something from their bakery. The gelato and cookies are top notch. Great food and fun little store filled with all the hipster goods your heart desires. My wife and I usually get a pizza and salad. The pizza has a sour dough crust and mozzarella is always on point. We love the margarita and the Gladiator. The gelato is delicious as well. It is a very fun casual environment. Parking is a nightmare though but I believe they offer valet if you go behind by Postinos.  and I'm not yet sure I know what kind of business this is and what they sell haha. There's a gift store All of the pizzas are so good. The burger is great. My favorite salad is the kale and quinoa and if your going for breakfast try the commuter sandwich and a potato. One of my favorite places to eat. Everything is so good. The iced coffee on tap is unreal. Please do yourself a favor and get some... Cold coffee. I even told the staff and they came back with more cold coffee. This has happened on multiple occasions. "So I normally like this place but something annoying happened today. On their menu they have a ""vegan coconut and almond bar"" and it has been on the menu for as long as I can remember. When I went to order it I was told that it was not vegan. I asked the cashier and she seemed more interested in helping the people behind me than answering my question. I don't think they know what they're doing and aren't familiar with their own menu. Kind of annoying." "I came in a couple of weeks ago and ordered their specialty Honey Latte (iced) with a breakfast burrito. I was actually surprised by the burrito having egg whites - it was quite delicious Love this place.  So cute for ordering a sandwich and picking up a bottle of wine.  Parking is a challenge thought They have a lot of cute merchandise to look at while you are there.  It's a bit tight to walk around and look Big fan of LGO! Love the food and grocery store. Been here for most everything. Commuter sandwich is my favorite breakfast item and you can go wrong with pizza or rotisserie food here. "I have a hard time deciding how many stars to give this place. I frequent here because the food is always phenomenal. BUT...... Customer service is not the best. The last couple of times I have been have been very upsetting. This place is pricey Best pizza I've ever had. White sangria is very refreshing too! Excellent service and atmosphere in the bar area. The Croque madame or the French pancakes."  dessert and a slew of other goodies. There is literally something for everyone. I am a huge fan of their premade salads and if this place were closer I could easily pop in everyday for one. One downfall is the parking Sat in bar area while waiting for another guest.  Took a while for staff to come to us in bar.  Great food though!  Lots of interesting items in the store as well  this frys is gross and dirty. The checkout lines are always out of control long and getting through the parking lot without getting hit by a car or cart rolling by The checkout lines are always a wait." "They close all the checkout lanes every night around 10pm and force everyone to use self-checkout. Some people aren't really bright enough to use these and the lines get very long. The place is dirty and the Target in the same shopping center is a much better choice  but it was perfectly adequate for what I needed.  I don't remember anything skechy about my fellow shoppers or the parking lot.   Maybe I went on a good day?" The checkout lines are too long for my taste. Frequently there is only one cashier open that isn't for express checkout. Last time I shopped I chose to do the self-checkout rather than wait in the long line. I had way too many items to warrant self- check out I had a difficult time finding things because they have moved products around in the remodel. I walked up and down the aisles twice looking for popcorn and finally found it. The checkout lines were long The part I love best about this store are the cashiers!  Always friendly and talkative and they are definitely characters!  It is refreshing to have someone talk to you as a person instead of just reading your name off VIP card receipt." I'm upgrading this store's rating to four stars and I believe they have earned it."  especially meat and produce. Walmart and Target sometimes offers cheaper prices for canned The fruit is horrible there but all the rest isn't the best but it's better. The only thing I like is the squash. "I only shop here because of their fuel perks with Shell Gas Stations.  This location is okay "I went to this Fry's on Friday the 1/24/14 and I was there to pick up 2 veggie trays for a party at work. I picked up 2 veggie trays and fruit juice poured out all over my slacks and I was upset. I asked to speak to a manager. Now remember I said veggie tray not fruit tray I reemerge 36 hours later with no semblance of reality. Fry's is a catalyst of my psychosis."  which I love! Healthy and organic shopping is becoming a lot easier to do at Fry's. Great deals and savings on milk!"  I avoid this place at all possible! I much rather drive a couple miles to another Fry's. What really turns me off is the clientele and it just feels... dirty." A great store. The prices are reasonable. The employees are efficient and helpful.  cuz they don't hire people w/this medical prescription!!  On Tuesday I still had No call back from Frys (eventho I was supposed to have worked Sun & Mon). I went to Frys & asked Holly  now for the negatives.  We have had a few issues with some produce we purchased here.  We have purchased a couple bad onions.  I hope Frys reads this and gets a new onion supplier.  Sometimes produce items are out of stock.  This is a very busy Frys and seems to churn thru their product fairly quickly. There is a good amount of produce they do not stock.  Maui onions and crimini mushrooms come to mind.  No real seafood selection.  I go to AJs on camelback and 44th for that."  they are very close to home for me. The store is relatively clean. The service is ok. My main concern is the very limited selection of organic food. I would rather buy my organic food here Horrible customer service. They always sigh heavy and act like anything you need is a burden. Great prices but if you have time go to a different location. Moral: fry's shoppers be wary--make sure your order is correct before giving over your money.  Or consider Basha's."  please take note of this because putting moldy fruit on your otherwise pretty cake is sinful This Fry's in the ghetto. It's dirty on the outside as well as the inside. Even though it's the closest grocery store I still drive out of my way to avoid this place. The times I do go are the first thing in the morning between 6-8 after it's been recently cleaned. By far the worst Fry's in the valley. This is my favorite grocery store....  They always have what I need..   The staff is friendly & always willing to help :-).   I will be back 5WQhLNpG6xZryVCla4gMRA The only good thing about this location is Cosco next to them..." There's plenty to be said about this place; but it's frustrating!!!!  Just know that it's a sh*tty supermarket.  Just happens to be close to home :(" "I'm a new senior. I love this store on 1st Tuesdays! Best prices and fresh meats I don't need to buy tamales from some strange person in a parking lot. I make my own thank you." I'm shopping at safeway from now on."  and there is no one in sight to ask where something is if it can't be found. The line at customer service is waaaaaaaaaay too long. No one there except people buying lottery tickets. I must give them credit (the reason for the one star) for giving me an additional $5.00 for my inconvenience when they refunded my stale purchase." 5WQhLNpG6xZryVCla4gMRA  and don't you dare ask anyone to go back and grab produce for you because they tagged it incorrectly because they'll put their nasty disgusting a hands all over it!" I'll be taking my business to Safeway. Extremely rude managerial staff. "i moved here from the east coast and was surprised that a lot of things i was accustomed to buying i would no longer be able to get in arizona. i came into the store a week ago and met a grocery manager named ""hector"" who was determined to be able to assist me. the item was ""knors  vegetable seasoning something i used a lot of when making spinach and artichokes dip. i want someone in the company to know that ""hector "" did everything he could to assist me and restored my faith in your company. also i would like to salute ""jose"" and the manager in the meat department. i can't remember his name but i can tell you that they have been nothing but helpful to me each and every time i've had a question the knowledge of where the seafood comes from to assisting me with general questions. i salute ""hector  I forgot my plant that I had picked out and went out to my car had finished loading all of my groceries and was about to drive away when nanette rushed out yelling at me to stop.   With my plant.    Go Frys!!!!!! Customer for life!!!!" "This store has great customer service.  Maria in Starbucks was friendly I love this circle k all the employees everytime I go in are polite and chatty. I don't think I've been to a better circle k although the new one on northern and 21st ish ave is a close second. Always friendly staff. Typical circle k without the fuel pumps. Wish they had fresh brewed tea and crushed ice. Redbox always loaded!" 0jDkXQdprSgbx8GeK0dcTg "I have been to this Bashas' a few times.. Two of the times we swore we would never go back. Once was when the manager was talking trash about an employee to the bagger that was right in front of us. The ENTIRE time we were checking out. He was so rude. The other time was when two employees were going on and on about their sex lives as they were checking us out. Pretty unprofessional if you ask me. The prices aren't too competitive  the tortillas all stuck together and the bread went moldy. I didn't save my receipt because I have never had to return anything to a grocery store before.. I guess I will limit my shopping to frozen foods or smoking deals." "The only reason I go to Bashas is for the convenience. First of all make sure you have some extra time to run an errand there since you will be waiting in the checkout line. The checkout clerks are maybe a little outdated like the store itself. Oh and make sure you check expiration dates on the products. I bought some crackers for work and they were 6 months past the expiration date. Don't forget your Bashas card if you have one I think just a couple things that wouldn't cost much money would go a long way in making this store a go to place for me. Not there right now." At least they aren't firing the employees.  Sounded to me like everyone was getting transferred?  Hope Bashas is being that good to the employees of this store."  three times daily.  I took the prescription to this pharmacy and an intern (License/Permit Number I009151) filled the antibiotics prescription for me.  She did not inquire about the patient who was taking the medication  who filled the wrong prescription. My complaint number at the AZ State Board of Pharmacy is 4160.  The pharmacist intern gave the 6 month old patient the wrong prescription and the wrong dosage amount  but they are helpful and it seems to last longer then costco produce.  Soda is often buy 2 get 2 for 12 packs so I often stock up for my soda machine.  Florist is amazing and ialways has custom vase arrangements to buy ready to go. They have a new machine this past year to trade in gift cards  did you guys get new managers.  Because you just fell into the category of Walmart. Clean it up or I'm gone" This place is really nice! There's plenty of stock and things are well place and easy to find. I was staying near by at a friends house will visiting. We went a few times to get common things and we always found everything easily. Prices were very reasonable.   I drive pass 5 grocery stores on the way to this because of your amazing customer service and how I always feel so important when I come here I cannot believe that I just went through shopping here with probably the worst customer service in my life.  I know you're pretty upset that Albertsons bought you out but you really don't have to take it out on your customers what happened to the smiles so disappointed.  I don't think I'll be coming here anymore.  Safeway you were never below average but with experience I had today I compared you to Fry's grocery store.  I so sad  McD's and a Subway. I had never seen this little place because it's so well hidden. A friend who lives in the area recommended I try their sandwiches. Since I'd like to think I'm open to trying new things I walked on in. The deli is quite the interesting little place. Italian posters have taken over the store and it's kept dark. They seemed to have a vast array of authentic Italian foods for cooking at home. The menu offered variety of sandwiches as well as pizza (sold by the slice) and spaghetti. I settled on a salami sub. Wow  and it's CHEAP! A huge sandwich will set you back $3.25-5.55. Also they have freshly made cannolis! This will become a weekly ritual for me and my co-workers  and don't mind rummaging through foodstuffs to find fresh items.  But certainly never go out of your way to eat here." "This place has to be the worst and dirtiest place in town. I have driven by this place my whole life and today I said they have to be doing something right over there cause they have been here for 40 years . How they have been in business this long is beyond me. I'm Italian and I'm embarrassed for these people. This is the worst sandwich unPzS1QJJctlZyLGFSk_HA  Tony's skips the minced garlic more often than not. If your purchase comes without unPzS1QJJctlZyLGFSk_HA And it's not just the food items. Walking in to Tony's takes me back to the days when I lived and worked all over Europe and bought many a meal in little shops just like it." I give Tony's two stars solely for ambiance  not manufactured old world delicatessen that seems to be on the verge of extinction. The owners are very friendly and accommodating. In my two visits I've had the meatball sub and the hot pastrami sandwich  friendly service and an old school store. This place reminds me of the deli my grandmother used to take me to when I was a kid. The sandwiches are wonderful and a bargain price. Yes they keep the lights off in the back but they do turn them on. Can't blame a guy for conserving some electricity (you aren't paying his bill). Awesomely unique items in the store as well. If it had some indoor seating I'd give it a five star review. I WILL be back." "When my friend had took me here to eat lunch The pesto was tossed out after the weekend...99 percent full." THEE BEST mild Italian sausage out there! They don't overload it with fennel seed which if you don't like licorice you dont want that taste anyways. They have everything an Italian could want from pastas to sauce to just about everything you could imagine. Italian hero was decent but probably wouldn't come back for it.  The pasta salad was old and some of the pasta was starting to get hard.  No bueno.  Overall I'd say they are coming up short in too many levels. If you want a real Italian deli go to Niccolis not too far from here.  They have one of the best sandwiches I've ever had! I go here on occasion but the only thing I have bought is their pepperoni it's the good dried pepperoni.   The kind you used to be able to get in the grocery store but for some reason they don't sell anymore.  It's a tiny little store that dark they don't put on the light and loaded with Italian things fantastic reminds me back home in New York for some reason Phoenix just doesn't have to many Italian delis around here so for now I'll stick with Tony's I will definitely stop back by Tony's on my lunch break for a sandwich in the future!"  outgoing people. I hope they read this review and start making the sandwiches in a more hygienic manner so I can go back again." I had the best capicolla sandwich here! Best Italian sandwiches in Arizona. If you're also looking to shop for Italian groceries then this is the place to go. Love this authentic Italian deli!  Great sandwiches and cannolis to die for.  The service is great!  Makes you feel like family!  and cured meats greet your nose and make your tummy rumble. The Italian gelato is superb and tastes fresh. My new favorite flavor is spumoni. Try this place out. You will not be disappointed with their sandwiches!" This sandwich would have be extraordinarily good had I been able to add my own condiments and had it been heated in a toaster oven."  to run this store designed to look like little Italy. He has achieved that. His heart is good. He wants to pass the store down to his son's Loved the Sicilian olives!!"  and the Italian special sandwich. The sandwich was great! The spaghetti was meh and the salad was bad....but the garlic bread was excellent. I'd still recommend the place for a great man I haven't been in years to this old school deli it still has that age meat smell witch I like and think it still has food on the shelves when I was here 10 years ago JK the food is still the same as I remembered nothing grate but nothing bad what you would expect from a place like this lots of homemade food and things you can't find anywhere els and the the lady's that work there remind me of my Nonna there not rude but they don't have time for your lollygagging so know what you want don't want there time they have work to do lol the pizza is OK but you go there for the subs the bread is good the pastrami is pilled high with just right amount of mustard there not to expensive give there a try  sauce and of course the meatballs were perfect! Hole in the wall but that might be part of the appeal. Also got some prosciutto de Parma and it was excellent as well. Not in that neighborhood much but whenever I am Better than most Circle K's wasnt as dirty. Clean for a Circle K even though it dosent take much to be a clean Circle K. "Well not much to say about this Circle K....except considering that it is near the local car wash I go to and there is a Quik trip across the street and a Jiffy lube as well....this place seems pretty competitive. They seem to do good business...and at least the doors are not coming off the hinges....LOL. Eat  relaxed employees. Day and night. Always nicely greeted with a smile. Floors and counters seem pretty clean. Shelves always stocked and organized. Easy to find anything. Only 3 stars because one night I got a really bad hot dog. That makes me iffy bout their cleanliness. But it was 1 out of about 50 times I've gotten a hot dog there." "I'm disappointed nearly every time I go here. Store is just too small. Variety sucks Come on Safeway... don't relegate my business to watching for Coke products to be on sale!" 6kmu0mYbdpMIOZ6Y0eVsxg zk3T2VVl2Vcdg1tKD6SNhg This is the closest grocery to my home.  I've been going here for years.  It serves it's purpose but it's by no means glamorous.  If you need the bare necessities this will suit you just fine  can always tell when I look perplexed.  He told me that they normally don't stock their frozen turkeys till November. With the Jewish holidays being very early this year  bright and have friendly service.  The employees there are always so nice and helpful.  They seem like they enjoy working there.  I also love their Just4U app that gives extra discounts and even freebies!  It's a good way for me to try new things that I normally wouldn't." I really enjoy shopping here.  Thank you "There is nothing special about this store.  It is long overdue for an updating in the inside.  It is an old ABCO store that we really loved.   Most of the other Safeway stores in the 5-10 mile area have been completely renovated.  This store has not been touched in the 25 years that we have been living in the area.  Also   6-6.3 ft tall dressed in a black tee shirt and black shorts standing outside the store as she entered . When she exited with her grocery cart  she was approached by this same white male who approached her ""Panhandling "" by asking her for money. When he saw me pull the car up to where she was standing he quickly went into the store.  Shortly after arriving home I called the store manager and told him what we observed and reminded him that  his customers should not have to be subjected to being solicited in his parking lot when they visit his store and he agreed.  I want to compliment Al for his empathy regarding our experience. Also  I have to keep an eye on the cashiers due to them mis-charging for this or that and when you point it out  no self check out and there are only few lanes . store is small old and in a popular area so it's busy which conflicts with having a fee lanes. I usually drive to the one on 7ave instead newer and faster." I love Safeway but  today I was ignored by sales woman. I wanted to buy a jar of salad.She was not helpful at all. She was cutting meats while I was waiting. Then she walked away for something. What I can say?- it was one of the worst my experiences in US. "Nothing super special about this store. Deli's not great. This store has nice wide aisles (which you don't appreciate until you go to a store which doesn't have them). It's reasonably clean. I used to get my drugs here at the pharmacy  everyone in the Pharmacy that I have encountered over the past 3 years have been really wonderful. I have seen Pharmacy staff dealing with some difficult customers and they have always been patient and helpful."  forcing me to go to the ghetto frys instead." "Fair selection. Seems a bit small compared to other safeways. The employees were helpful. Found most of what we wanted  wish I would have looked at her name. Going to call her the head band goddess of late night!" This store is literally down the street from me so I go every single day. The staff is awesome ! They are always willing to help and guide you in the right direction .. Not that I need much direction. I do wish they had a larger seafood selection though .. I love Salmon and rarely see it .. And normally will have to make a trip to frys which isn't my fav thing to do. Everything is always neat and labeled correctly and did I mention that the Staff is amazing !!!!  I suggest this one to ease you into things.   There may be quite a few Lexus in the parking lot The currently are planning to replace AJ's with a Sportsman's as they bought the name several months ago."  but isn't it funny that I just wrote a review on Sportsman's!...lol  Not a bad replacement in my book." My little one and I stopped in for a sweet treat the other day I let her choose. We had the chocolate mousse cups and my bad I didnt take pics because I couldnt wait to dig in. Working from top to bottom it was in layers. It had a huge fresh strawberry on top it was garnished w some thick chocolate slivers then there was the cream so light and fluffy I mixed it with the mousse at the very bottom there was a small layer of choc cake  and the whole thing was in a flower petal shaped cup made completely of choc. The little one could not eat all of hers and it was hard to waste such goodness but I didnt want to overdose. Mental note next time one to share is good. I also bought a few of there decorated pretzels they are such pretty little works of art I want to    recreate them and put them on my kitchen walls! The staff is always pleasant here AJ's has always been a fav of mine I like their catered dessert trays they are always a hit! jTcLbRCOCnGB4wCgsIYswg jTcLbRCOCnGB4wCgsIYswg Being from Cali.. I love a great gourmet grocery ... I cant express how my heart flutters at the smell of a great cheese department.. not for the Cali in me but for the Parisian in me.. ahhhh! Bon Fromagerie!! I wont say this AJ's gets me going like the Aj's in other areas of PHX.. but still thats just pure out being high maintenance and picky picky.. Im happy to have this gem in the desert.. I love the wine department.. the cheeses.. the gourmet of it all.. oh yeah.. and the desserts:-) mmmmm a pure piece of heaven.. if Im feeling decadent that day.. and when running late for a party.. you can always know that AJ's will have a quick run in and grab plant or beauty of bouquet .. :-) Still where I generally go about once a week for a good wine.. a great steak.. and the hard to find gourmet.. I just feel good at Aj's... maybe because it reminds me of all the gourmet shops of home.. LOVE Aj's The wine guys here are always pretty cool and helpful though." Staff is very nice. Overall great experience." Love this location because it is so close to my work. We stop by almost daily for a tea and perhaps a sandwhich or some amazing dessert! The ladies in the bakery are always so nice and now know us because we go there so much! So thankful for my refillable AJ's cup that their fabulous corporate office helped me track down. Love this place! I do all my ""regular"" shopping at Frys or Fresh and Easy and then get the luxury items here." Excellent customer service as well." QhuESGhOQWnKqwlSrISm8A store closed 9/19/2012 ***expensive way too expensive "AJ's unsweeted tea selection is amazing! With so many flavors and healthy variety and all for under $2. There is also a bakery to curb the sweet tooth while drinking grean tea On Halloween they had a little set up for the kids to eat cookies and drink cider. They had cake decorating too my girl loved it!! Speaking of kids they also have day care up in here! I would so take advantage of this option if I had a toddler. I like the neighborhood feel of this Bashas and supporting local helps me sleep at night. There is one down side to things but its never really bothered me. There are not enough cashiers at times and it could be a problem if you were in a hurry all the time." We had the pizza and @ 5.99 or 6.99 it was rather tasty." Their prices are great and the quality of produce is always on point.  Go Bashas" "After reading a stat about how much more money stays in the state when you shop local I made it my mission to keep my money in Arizona. Bashas had to be my choice for groceries. They are super friendly and always have what I need. One of my favorites is they always thank you for shopping there. My only little complaint is it can take awhile to check out My niece had a dollar in her hand and was pointing at the lottery scratcher machine.  We know you have to be of a certain age to play it.  One of the employees there rushes over and in a loud voice tells me niece she can't play it.  Calm down.  Kids are just innocent and don't need this extra verbal abuse in their lives.  Don't you have something better to do like restock the shelves?  Swear... Racial profiling."  the lighting is done with about a zillion fluorescent bulbs - so it can be a bit bright at night!"  friendly people.  The great thing is it doesn't get crowded like Fry's.  I am disappointed they have a wells fargo inside Slooooow service in deli.  Cashiers surly. Prices high. Selection limited  staff and cashiers are always super friendly and they work hard with what they have to make the store presentable. Its so close to my house that I love coming here. Keep up the good work Bashas employees!"  and a good deal on the sale items.  Not so sold on the standard prices for most of my staples  not the type you expect from a chain grocery store.  Their fresh baked fresh daily rolls and buns are the best.  The deli has freshly made fruit and veggie trays that are reasonable priced and nicely done." I hate this place!!! I live less than a mile away so I ve had to keep giving it a few chances BC its so damn close but Im done! Honestly I get a my stuff at Costco but when I need small things I have to go to this shit hole. I swear every time I leave I'm so annoyed and they re all awful I litterly just almost walked out the damn store and just left my shit! There's no one around to help I had to go up to customer survive to find stuff BC they have no one walking around helping customers like every regular store around... Last time this little 17 yr old (tops) was so damn rude I'm not even gonna get into it but point is this place blows! Still pricy and they're produce is rotting I don't get it whatever tho I'm done I'll make it the extra mile to frus from now on never ever had a problem w them :) finally learned my lesson. I always feel like I'm at a food city when I'm there anyway so dull and shitty ughh This store is close to my house so I come here for the convenience and if I only need a few things. The prices aren't that great. The employees are friendly enough and the store is clean. They run specials that are good especially in the meat department.  it is pricey and have entree's and sides and hot soup.  You can spend a fortune here but it is so good.  Even the small bakery section is yummy.  Fruits and veggies are really nice here I shop here every weekend.  Even though I feel as though Whole Foods has lost some of its original spunk since turning into a giant national chain it is still better than anyplace else to shop.  You will always find a nice selection of organic foods and groceries.  Nice wine and cheese selection.  Great prepared foods.  And they give you complimentary ice so your food doesn't spoil during the drive home before the A/C kicks in.  certainly a lot more elbow room than the one I use in NYC." The salad bar was just what we needed. It had a huge selection and almost everything in it was organic! The store itself was also huge compared to most of alternative grocery stores I have been to. It also seemed to feature much more organic produce. Whole foods is a bit pricey  and central location... I will be back to visit often wepFVY82q_tuDzG6lQjHWw  I am still looking for a Whole Foods that will blow me away..." Especially the one in Tempe" The quality and taste of the items in the prepared section was quite subpar to other whole foods." I hope they get the message and get better with the prepared foods." You guys better get a grip  I insist you step away from that enormous Costco Manchego and talk to the Whole Foods Cheese staff about your exotic dairy needs. Broaden your horizons!"  i.e. those toilet scrub sponges on a stick; hit or miss produce quality; terrible parking lot for maneuvering when it's full; and an over abundance of snotty customers.  Hardly anyone says ""excuse me"" when the want to get by (they just shove or tailgate me with their cart) wepFVY82q_tuDzG6lQjHWw Their prepared foods area is quite good but pricey. Make sure you don't go to get dinner when you're really hungry because it is REALLY easy to walk out with like $40 worth of food. Shopping here has taught me more about reading/understanding food labels  but they also have it available at the deli. The usual counter worker isn't that friendly which is a shame and always seems put out but that doesn't make the pizza any less tasty. You can get one of their ""surfboard"" pizzas which will feed 2 for 2-3 days with a couple of toppings with Daiya cheese for $15.99. This may be the best deal going at Whole Foods and make up for that $8 bar of dark chocolate you just bought." Thanks but no thanks."  I found a ranch in Arizona that makes monthly deliveries to the Valley and charges half of WFM without the middle man.  Sorry little piggies in your crates and chicks in your cages I love the large artisan selection of desserts!  I stop there whenever I can.  on this trip I found that many of the things I usually get or the variety I am used to was not present here.  [Sprouts won out again.]"  but they also give 10% off discount if your purchase is more than $30. Sorry Whole Foods... I like your other stores I wish they had more locations" "Wanted some sushi quick and fresh. Went here today and the wonderful lady making the sushi create my order in no time and exactly the way I ordered. Delicious - had salmon "They have the friendliest staff at this Whole Foods. They know me by name and always have samples ready for the little boy I nanny before we even walk up to the Deli counter. Maureen the checker  but I would pay more if I had the money and I do believe in good quality products within a reasonable price. We usually go there if we stay in Phoenix and not go to Tempe."  Whole Foods. Well done."  I stopped by this WF.  It seems a little darker that the others and space is limited  but it's worth it to come mid-week when I couldn't make it to the farmers market and see some solid local options. I'm giddy when they have a huge selection from Sunizona Farms. Since it's also 10 minutes from Arcadia  I really appreciate the fact that they support local business and stock their shelves with products that have some freaking integrity.  If it weren't so far from where I lived It's a Whole Foods. They are all the same! Which isn't a bad thing for Whole Foods considering the awesome food and product selection! I love this store!!! Everyone is happy and kind. So many other places you can go to get GOOD healthy food for less the price and be treated alot better"  it was delicious.  They also have some kale chips that are to die for.  The Tuscon Tamale Company sells frozen organic blue corn tamales in Whole Foods in the frozen food section.  They're delicious.  I did contact the Tuscon Tamale Company there are a bunch of cry babys if you cant not buy anything from whole foods dont shop there point blank go to walmart or smartshop i love this store they have the best meat and friut from our small frams i love it here its way cheaper then the whole foods nyc.....we should be proud we have this type supermarket  I also found Voodoo Donut Maple Bacon Rogue Ale. How could I turn it down? I used to frequent Whole Foods by Lincoln Center in NYC years ago and have spent my last years attempting to find another location that uses a machine to make honey peanut butter with no luck until today. Delicious  or thank you or Good Bye...it was very strange!!"  I spent almost 20 minutes just looking thru and reading all of their sunscreen products.  Even though I asked multiple questions during that time all of the clerks were very kind Whole foods is one of my favorite places to go for a salad bar. Its always clean and fresh. The staff at the store are always really friendly and helpful. Its always clean and I love all the samples they have out. Some stuff is pretty pricey. but the produce and lunch meat are always about the same as other stores maybe a little bit more but you get organic stuff! This used to be my favorite Whole Foods in the valley a couple of years back and had I reviewed it say 4 years ago-I would have definitely given it 5 stars . They did a major reshuffling of employees and it just hasn't been the same. Nothing specific-just a colder vibe and the cashiers are not as friendly. Like other reviewers have mentioned it is pricey so I have been just going for my staples and I grab a basket rather than a cart so I am in and out within 10 minutes. They even have Sweet Republic gelato and sorbet...Honey Lavender...help me!! MMM"  but considering the Fry's right down the street has great produce at better prices I'm not really sure what would send me to Whole Foods aside from perhaps a search for something esoteric.  Not really much different from the Whole Foods back home in Ohio I'll still be here anytime I need bulk fleur de sel or perhaps quality coffee in a pinch "I really had a hard time rating this.  The first Whole foods I went to was one of the few big showcase ones in Town Center in Las Vegas.  I happened to be shopping at Penzeys in the same shopping center and knew I had to pick up some veggies for the weekend somewhere.  I found the store to be cramped and crowded.  And the price  which has creepy gmo and processed mainstream foods everywhere." Oh well. I will find the item elsewhere and I won't be back. Every time I'm at Trader Joe's or Sprouts they are super helpful  I will not ever return to this store!" "I am always torn when I go to any whole foods.....because I know I am going to always spend more money than I want to. I mean don't get me wrong I don't have any misconceptions that Whole Foods is an Expensive market....however I still get caught up in buying something there. Example being last night when I wanted a bite to eat before heading to the symphony orchestra. This location is offering Turkey meatballs with your choice of a side....sauce....and toppings. So I had the Turkey Meatball plate with mashed potatoes and pesto sauce with mozzarella on top.....mmmmmm....sounds good right? However it cost me 7.99 plus tax....and since my wife had a salad along with 2 drinks we spent about 15 bucks. I absolutely don't like spending 15 bucks at a Grocery Store for a meal....but again that is not new for whole foods...LOL. However the reason I gave this location 3 stars is because the service here is always suspect....I mean you have to ask people for everything in the store.....no seems to want to help you which is very unusual for Whole Foods Markets. Also when I was ordering my food the young lady didn't seem to have any idea what I was talking about or how to make it....thankfully there was someone there to assist her or I think I would've had to make it myself....LOL!!!! Now I don't know if all this madness took place because it was a Saturday or it was during the evening hours etc.....but if they shore this issue up with customer service I may consider bringing my review up a notch. Eat Very small and crowded compared to other whole foods. Selection smaller but still very nice. I really love when they ask if you need your groceries iced for your drive.  It so thoughtful and SMART In the future I will stick to the Whole Foods on Mayo Blvd!" The coolest thing about this location is that there is a Trader J's and a Penzey Spices right in the same parking lot. Kinda like betting the Trifecta at the horse track and getting a trunk load of high quality yummies at the same time. To quote the infamous Charlie Sheen - WINNING!" Enter happy and leave disappointed."  blonde hair). He is terrible and gives Whole Foods a bad name. I will be going to the new one on Camelback from now on." ps. i'm super pumped for the new store that's opening on camelback next month! now i'll have a store within a mile of my house!" The staff is friendly and especially the meat counter guys.  They are quick and prompt to getting you the serivce you need."  old and dingy and in need of a serious makeover and cleaning ASAP.  I actually thought logistically where I wanted to live before moving here and to be close to a whole foods so this is a total bummer.  I now need to drive to the Scottsdale location and hope that location is better.  Please note I am also a stock holder!"  I like shopping here because it's a little bit less crazy most of the time. They don't carry all the stuff (and no food court or bar-haha) that the other store has  they have it.  I liked the world market section they have.  I bought some vegetarian chilli to try out at home.  Among other items I found are: Bulgarian yogurt I ONLY shop at whole foods but this location is the worst of the 4 locations that I've been to in the valley. It might be the oldest so the layout and even selection seems to be outdated. I rather go to the location on mayo or even better go out of my way to the new location in camelback. This long-time customer will be exclusively shopping (and dropping lots of cash) at Mayo from now on. I'm tired of wasting my time and breathing the fumes at Shea."  they have irresistible prices on fruit and veggies. There is almost never a line at checkout. Parking is convenient."  I would shop here more often. The produce is way too expensive and you have to look carefully at the berries to make sure they don't have mold (maybe if they lowered the prices  but just didn't seem to have as big a selection that I am use to.  Still great ***i heard from several including an employee friend of mine that after I left Juliana and her coworker Mikelyn Sierra were mocking me and laughing at me." "We were in a hurry and bought prepared food from there Saturday night January 31st. I ate pepperoni pizza and became violently ill. Stomach cramps and then lost everything on Sunday.  I am certain that this is stomach flu not only food poisoning.  I had stomach flu in college.  I know the difference.  Super bowl Sunday was ruined.  I have never eaten their prepared food. I never will eat or shop there at that location.  I am from Austin.  I know and like whole foods  Audry & Claudia Are rock stars!! Organic salad bar yumm & tons of grab & go food options.  I'm really loving the sandwich and pizza station today!! So many unique menu options!!"  but it's still a great go to grocery store for people in the Paradise Valley and Phoenix area." This whole foods is our favorite one in this area. It's smaller but they take care of you a lot more and if your locals they will remember you. Craig is our go to guy for delicious wraps and anything that is made by hand. Craig is the most amazing whole food worker. If you haven't experience true quality customer service come to this whole foods. He will show you how it is done by the book and go above and beyond. Love coming here for lunch. Great pizza and awesome beer. Super nice people and great prices for what it is and what you get.  expensive. Stopped here for breakfast while on a hockey trip (after two highly successful b'fast stops at different WF stores in Denver and Colorado Springs--another hockey trip).  Both of the previous were tasty  A+ smoothies with B+ service.  I would go here always if their prices weren't constiently above everyone else's."  your easy going awesomeness went a long way in making me feel welcome as a traveler! To you it was probably just nice This is a great neighborhood Wholefoods. Produce is always fresh and there's a great selection of locally made goodies. People working there are super friendly and helpful too. Happy I can even ride my bike there if I'm feeling really energetic!  otherwise the Whole Foods in Mayo is much better overall." "I had a great experience at the juice bar tonight.   A girl named Tori made me the BEST juice I've ever had.  In addition  barely acknowledge me being there. We all go to Fry's now  across the street because there customer service is always excellent and that's what we want. How hard is it to say ""Hello?"" ""Good Morning"" ""How are you? Its not. You lost all of business because we would rather go across to fry's and use there juice bar   SC. Maybe I expect better from a company that charges a lot for supposedly high-end food. Go to the one in Scottsdale Smallest whole foods ever I can't believe this place has half the stuff of a regular size whole foods.  this is a nice store with very friendly staff.  If it weren't for the prices they would definitely get four stars here." I really like this Whole Foods Market the best because of their wide range of fresh prepared foods I can pick up and take out. I'm on the go type of person and it's very convenient for me. I haven't had anything I didn't like. I also like the hot food bar so when I don't want to cook in the hot Arizona tempertures I don't have to! The gas prices always seem reasonable and lower on average here and they sell 2 Five Hour Energy black labels for $6.  I like the two 1 liter water bottles for $2 too.  What else can I say about a 7-11.  I just wanted 1st review credits. HA! As there are way to many other stores around making this nothing more than a way for me to spend to much money "I haven't been to this 7-11 for nearly 6 years. And now I remember why. The same incompetent workers are somehow still working at this location. The asian man is extremely rude and does not listen to anyone. He treated his customers like they were pests and couldn't get rid of us fast enough. To top it off  this location has a full service Wells Fargo branch. The employees at this bank are always really nice and helpful. Overall I go because it is the closest to the house and sometimes it is to dang hot to drive all the way to the blingy Fry's on Tatum." "Totally never coming back to this or any bashas store. I had an issue with a very rude employee at this store (who also had a huge chew in his mouth). I called to talk to the manager about it and lo and behold it is the manager with the chew that was rude. So..I go to their website and leave a message in their comment/complaint section. It says that you will receive a response within a couple days. Never got a call back to discuss. So Just did a new remodel on the inside of this location. It looks great! Cant beat a home town grocery. "Great donuts here!! Also Espolon Tequila I asked if he was the manager of that store Great store - good neighborhood place to get staples.  Prices are definitely competitive.  It is such easier access vs. the Fry's at Tatum and TBird.  Very friendly check out people.  only at face value.  Only come here for eggs and milks.  Surprise that they are still in business!" "Great small marketplace for a quick grocery shop. Not ideal for a a weekly round of shopping due to the high prices. Only good deals I see are on chicken and produce occasionally. Besides that I am writing my review based off my bakery experience here :) it was my daughters 3 rd birthday party and I needed a cake for one of her parties more of just an at home celebration but still needed something for her to have on actual birthday :) I went in and had brought some cute little decor that I wanted as cake toppers and that was no problem for them :) The buttercream frosting was good and the way they decorated was above my expectation I am very pleased and will be using them for more years to come :) ps if you sign up for a kids birthday club with your card you child will get a free birthday cake until they are 10 !!! It's a small cake but perfect for smash cake or toddlers to share with a few friends :)  nothing exceptional. (Better everday prices at fancy Fry's on Shea). Usually come here when they have a sale for something specific "I enjoy going to this location to buy fresh fruit and their freshly made tortilla chips. The prices for their fruit is way cheaper than other places as well as their jalapenos. I don't really buy the groceries as they do seem to be a little higher than other stores  for realizing other latinos need our Goya stuff :)"  but if you need spices or produce the is THE SPOT!" I've missed you Inca Kola" Located right next to the Greenway Square. Es bueno tener cuidado!"  if I could just get down there before they sell out of Xtra-hot Hatch chiles I'm told this is one of the nicest Food City locations.  Where else can you get a bag of pastillera for a few dollars?  Instead of several dollars each at AJ's.  Love the selection of mexican food stuffs.  $15 Jimador  with a nice glass was a nice bonus find. Did I mention they sell Inca Cola? There are only two countries in the world that have a soft drink that out sells Coca Cola. One is Peru (Inca Kola) The other is Scotland (Irn Bru)" Tres Leches cake that was out of this world!"  flor was the greatest and she definatly enjoys her job ..she went out of her way to help me find products and even went in the back to find me more  "Well this is the definitely the ""hood"" Walmart in this area. I have visited this locale plenty of times....it's dirty......unorganized....and has an awful smell. However this particular Walmart has a vast inventory of merchandise that other Walmart's in the valley don't. I have always been able to find whatever I needed at this location....when I couldn't find it anywhere else....and that includes the one within walking distance of my apartment. This locale is always busy just like most Walmart stores in this area.....they just need to clean it up....and organize it....and it could be an even better  Walmart. Eat  but has a ghetto feel to it. I also prefer the superstores to the general stores. I don't usually shop here unless it is to fix a pair of glasses or grab a couple of items if I am in the immediate location."  they are out of bike chains and I walk back to paint...and wait...and wait...and about 4 minutes later I decide to go smell the calendars across the aisle...(Did I mention I left the cart with the dog food in front of the case and a sign that I had not permanently left area  but it's cheap and they have a lot of stuff." "This place is ghetto with a capital ""G"". I recommend avoiding it if you can. I have nothing against Walmart  I was also in a fox special report they did here in 1999 (youtube it!) its great their is also a built-in Subway even though I still go to the one at the end of the lot by Dunkin' Donuts. since they have started remodeling it has been confusing to locate specific items in the store but I'm sure they will get it sorted out once they finish. other than that AVOID this store if possible!! It really is not worth saving couple bucks if you have to deal with ignorant The only good point about this poor excuse of a store.. is that it is so shitty  I practically watched a ghetto women beat her children and scream at them bc she wanted to check herself out in a pair of walmart's hottest sunglasses and they kids wouldn't stop asking her questions. It was so bad that my daughter told me she was scared. Customers were staring "You know all the stereotypes you have about Walmart?  This location reaffirms all of them.  I'm glad to see it's being renovated.  Until that's complete Best Walmart ever! It's got all you need all in one store! And the best part is its a super center an it's open 24 hours! The remodeling is incredible! Also the bathrooms aren't like any of the Walmarts I've been to! Amazing! So other than getting a good price on my cleaning supplies I HATE this Walmart and I would rather pay double somewhere else."  it could be a lot better. However the store is pretty clean and you still go home with what you were expecting." Watch for those loose carts in the parking lot otherwise you will be enjoying some paintless dent repair as I did. Giddy Up!"  but at leas try not to make the customers shopping with you feel bad about their decisions." Don't say I didn't warn you! ;-)"  but if at all possible stay far away from this store. At least until Walmart starts training and supporting their staff properly."  and we still dread the beast of a store that they offer I found Mickey right away and then ran for the check out where I waited another 30 minutes to get out of there.  On the way out I saw hundreds of people still lining up to get in  with a good rating at that. I first came here a few months ago when some storage items I needed after moving to a new place could not be found in the Walmarts near me and the website showed that this one had those in stock. I was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and organization of the store and the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. I have come back a few times since "Worst customer service!!!!  Went to return a storage box that did not fit our Christmas tree.  When the sales associate saw the box she automatically said its non refundable and it was a clearance item because it was a Christmas item.  I told her that it was not on clearance and it was not a Christmas item.  I even told her it doesn't say anything on the receipt.  She said ""It doesn't matter"".  So finally she went to a manager and the manager said that it was not a Christmas item and can absolutely be returned for a full refund.  I think the employees should be educated on what can be returned and what can't.  Another thing is she should have dropped the attitude right from the beginning.  So if anyone needs to return something to this location I have to jumped through a bunch of hoops to get the $5.00 back on the warranty I purchased.  We have to go by what the computer tells us.  So no actual thinking here  I was thinking about how I was going to write a review about how this place is normally not as clean as a Target. But  they aren't there to help and make you wait for them. I hate coming to walmart for this reason!" PS - I'm sure to be able to get the other names and will try to eventually come back and update this when I do." "Still frustrated over missing prices on expensive meat products but I just received exemplary help from the new department manager Go very early in the morning (5a-7a) for peaceful shopping."  just in case you were hoping for McNuggets! ;-)"  bike wheels are too big. Lady at the door looks like she's gonna cry." Shawn just got me a case of water from the back - he's helped me a few times before and he's always cheerful and professional! Another great Walmart employee!"  but don't do it!  I hope I wake up one morning and find out that this location has been wiped out from the face of the planet.  Its a disgrace"  grocery had out of date products. Management is full of jerks. How do I know this? Oh because I used to work here. They treat the associates like robots who have no feelings. So glad I went to school and got a real job. And to think I almost became the backstabbing piece of garbage with no life manager. Yes fixing cars is a REAL job compared to this place. Oh and I've been shopping this store since it opened and since I was a child "I would put negative star if available. The workers their are so rude ave are not costumer friendly.  Not to mention they don't even know their own merchandise.  There's a little crazy foreign last who works in their dressing room who needs to be fired.  Rudest old lady ever! Their management needs to be replaced This walmart is definitely a total shit and some of the employees suck.u can't find anything here also I went @8 pm to buy a cake and there was no one at that counter.they also closes their customer service center @10 pm.if u go at 10.01 pm u will find it close.how punctual they are!!then why it is written that they provide 24/7 customer service.. Ughhh.. Where else am I going to be able to go shopping for most anything I need 24 hours a day?????  Just for that - they are A OK with me.   Another fact - you can go buy the exact same stuff at other stores - in most cases its going to cost you more $ - that's my experience.  If its late - well I'm happy its around.  Enough said.  our well earned money won't be spent at this location any more. I hope the employees realize that there life can get much more worst  got the email this morning saying the item was here but nobody can find it. Managers are rude and store employees are yelling and cursing at each other. Avoid at all costs." "Just moved to this area and decided to come here for some grocery shopping. It was one of the smallest unorganized walmart I have been to. 2 people can barely get around one another in the same aisle when going opposite directions. Parking wasn't bad. Clean as any other walmart. Won't be back Zero if I could. Horrible customer service. Indifferent to the customer. Has this company ever heard of training?  Never shopping at Walmart again. I'd rather wait a night to go to target then come to this 24 hour pos.  it's hard to find things that I want anymore.  The quality of the shoppers dropped down as well." So let me emphasize why 1 star.i wish I could give no stars for this.i ordered some photo prints online.when I edit the photos there were no '!' Sign which would say if the photos were fit to that size of prints or not.so I ordered online.n after I received those I saw our heads were chopped off in half of those photos.so I talked to customer care and they refund half of my money.after some time I again did it.i ordered online print.i order store pick up as this store is in my walking distance.so it's been 20 days since I order.n I did nt receive any call from store or any email.so I called customer care and they told me that my order has been delivered to d store.so I went there and after searching for sometime they didn't find it and the person who were searching my package told me that it's been a long time so may b his colleague threw it away.what d hell.my estimated delivery was 21st of February n I went to the store on 23rd of February.i wanted to slap myself that time fr doing the same mistake of ordering from walmart. I never ever gonna order photo prints from here. "Walmart does very well with this store that has been upgraded to a ""supercenter"". I shop here quite often for their excellent bargains & like the friendly and helpful people. They sure aren't perfect though (therefore no 5 star rating). I have returned two items in the last 7 years without a problem. Their Christmas time bargains are especially excellent. Keep up the good work Walmart & make America productive."  while I waited the 10 minutes for the passport photos to be processed I decided to stroll over to the jewelry counter. The lady at the jewelry counter ignored me circling the booth a few times. I stood in front of her (literally 3 feet from her face) and she still ignored me and proceeded to start a conversation with a coworker walking by. When her conversation was done - she looked at me and said ""Do you want something?"" She was rude "Picked up some trash in a trash strewn parking lot on way into the store. Was stopped by crew member ""Louie"" a red headed fellow - was asked if I was ""receipt shopping"". I have no idea what that meant but I told him I was picking up trash and he told me I needed to leave his store (before I entered it) and that he had people on staff to assist with trash.   My daughter was collecting receipts from three stores to do a price compare project for her summer project and track trends. I'm am a business owner. Dressed in my company logo shirt and driving a brand new Mercedes.  I'm clearly not a hoodlum and had he paid more attention to the details or asked me what I was doing instead of smoking his cigarette and being rude - I would have gladly told him.  Just another reason to hate Walmart.  He personifies the stereotype employee.  Probably will get a raise with this bad review!  No worries. I went to the better Northsight store. Their employees clean their lot and don't smoke outside in plain view and aren't loud and rude!  Drive 5 more minutes. It's worth it.  I'm a handicapped veteran on top of it all and was in handicapped parking. Not the easiest for me to move around but glad to wait in the parking lot to write this review.  They seemed indignant when I took pics to add to the review." "Classic lack-luster Walmart customer service but this one seems to have an issue with keeping stock on items. Every time I go in to shop 1/4 of what I go in for they don't have in stock. On the other hand Walmart managers and employees should have better training and managers really should racially profile people." "Please teach your cashiers proper bagging of groceries!! This was the forth time ive gone and had raw meat put in the same bag as fresh produce "The three star rating is based on the competition in the area.  Taking only the franchise into consideration "Disgusted by the fact that not a single person greets you or asks if you need assistance at this location.  Literally zero customer service.  The only shining star during my shopping experience was Mileen the cashier.  She was quick and pleasant.  Otherwise  so I'm in and out. The selection is great here and customer service is decent. I had to return an item here once and it was such a simple and easy process! This is definitely my go to Wal-Mart!"  Customer service is a little off but that's probably because i go in their in the late night and early morning hours (This location is open 24/7)  even though the parking lot is a huge pain to get out of.  Bell Rd. traffic is such a drag  this particular Fry's has and deserves no such reputation.  This is where everyone from the Square does their grocery shopping.  The closer you can go to closing time (11 PM!) the better off you'll be.  Three stars for price and decent selection  preferably before the sun sets because it's a little scary...and the parking lot is a little on the dirty side Highlights:  Tully's coffee bar with couch area (I have no desire to hang out at my grocery store aIbwrnrP4kTufADO-jGZxA You will find a few homeless people begging outside on most days that you go to this location." "This review is only about Tully's Coffee. Never ask for a tea latte Of course I will be back to Fry's. Cheap The store is clean but the prices are higher than walmart marketplace. I won't be shopping at Frys again. They don't carry pints in their liquer selection and the beer is far from cheeper too. I guess if you have nothing else to choose from it would be ok.  store is clean / organized." Love frys and their prices. But hands down the worst customer service I have ever received!!! I will not be back to this location  more food items! Got excited. Then... I went in yesterday... OMFG! Seriously Right Now? CLOTHES??? I got to a supermarket to by groceries Great store and always so friendly. The selection is great and we have not had a bad experience in all the years we have gone there. My only wish is they would have more of a selection of organic and grass fed products so I would have one stop shopping. My go to spot for grocery shopping.  They have awesome customer service and very friendly staff.  The place is very clean and everything is always stocked.  One of my favorite places to grocery shop. Becoming more like a walmart with larger selections and apparel. Frys grocery quality always wins. "Was in Peoria for 4 weeks and this location was less than a mile from where we were staying.  The store was clean They always have great deals so make sure you keep an eye on your ads in the newspaper! Or grab one on your way in!" I go out of my way to shop at the Fry's Marketplace at Tatum & Shea."  but they consistently deliver a good one.   I'm here about three or four times a week.  The staff is impressively nice and helpful (especially the deli and front end).  Returns are a cinch.  It's always clean.  Prices are reasonable  a cashier and he was completely unfriendly and unprofessional. He held a conversation with the bag boy instead of ringing up our groceries. It took him at least 25 minutes to do ONE cart. He even stopped 2 different employees to have a conversation while all of them were supposed to be doing their work! I went to go ask for a manager because my mom had 2 screaming babies and he was not in a hurry to get us in and out at all. The lady working the self check out was just as rude. Seemed as if she didn't want to talk to me at all and was bored and didn't care. There are better grocery stores out there- frys even. The bag boy didn't even offer to help out the groceries in the car Yet due to their employees poor attitudes Great people. Everyone is very professional and helpful.  there really isn't a lot of selection for vegetarian alternatives in the frozen section. Was a little underwhelmed when I saw the sign -- I thought maybe I had found a little frozen vegetarian paradise. Turns out that's not the case." "I usually go for their dairy products like gallons of milk  on my way home from the hospital.  I get a few groceries and something for dinner. I always get there by 6:15 though."  most organized Middle Eastern markets that I have been to in PHX. Stopped by here over the weekend and was really impressed by the selection and size of the groceries. If you're looking for anything Middle Eastern I hope they're open today - I'm hungry." They have hookah's and the good shisha my friend grabbed us some mint flavor which he love's I'm pretty sure its not any cheaper here than say a smoke shop. I saw a sign that said they have whole lambs and they had tons of stuff like gallon Tahini tubs and cute little tea sets among all the food stuff that looked good too. All in all I will be back to try some more delicous eats!"  I'll need to make sure I take mental note to do so." Can anyone recommend a good Goo Ball vendor for dessert?"  now there's a new owner. He smokes inside the store. Menu the same As a lover of Middle Eastern food and being half Lebanese I found this place to be great. I had the kefta sandwich and enjoyed it. Also if you are looking for grocery items they have some great ingredients. I recommend you try this little gem!! It's worth the drive!" I just wish they had expanded hours. Last I checked they closed at 7pm and were closed Sundays." Good job Yusef! I liked it!"  their produce was depleted (possibly because I walked in as they unlocked the doors) or not stocked yet.  I will be returning to shop and to eat again.  The welcoming owner made me feel as though my children will also be dining there regularly.  I will try to work my way through their menu board over the coming weeks "I usually come here once or twice a week. I love their gyros and fries - both very authentic and served Chicago-style. The staff are very friendly and accommodating Alli can say is thank God they changed owners. The new owner is fantastic. Nice. Helpful. Smiles too!!! Plus they have all the goodies I need. The string cheese. The bulghur pilaf. The salted pumpkin seeds. And the Persian cucumbers. My new favorite!  kitchen accessory and obscure food item you can imagine. A fun place to browse. Don't let the exterior and the strip mall location fool you  lentil soup and bread. 13.00!!! Haji-Babas gives you more for half the price. Plus Haji-Babas gives you some sauce. Come on Yusef! not worth the money" On my way out I purchased a couple cans of baba-ganouj and dolmas at reasonable prices."  I go their for lunch.  The felafel was GREAT and they always have all of the obscure items I seem to need!  Come have lunch and buy some fun stuff for your next meal at home." "I ordered take-out a day in advance for a lunch meeting at work. The man who took my order was very helpful and easy to work with Really good lentil soup.  Great rice.  Lamb combo was ok but everything else was pretty good! Very tasty and friendly service at the market. Picked up some fresh ground Turkish coffee while there.  there is a fascinating array of groceries for sale. We always end up with a few items to take home. The ambience is fine except for the constant sound of refrigerators  it's very refreshing; also there are these amazing chocolate and pistachio wafers called nutymax try one!"  and WAYYYY too much sauce....It was pretty much pita and tsziki half the time..I had high hopes for this place. :(" Super nice owner too !" I have nothing but good things to say about this grocery & deli. The food is AMAZING. The service is GREAT! Wouldn't change a thing! I love going there! "I wanted Middle Eastern food from a small mom and pop type place and this place delivered. I like lamb and so I ordered a lamb kabob sandwich. The guy behind the counter asked if I wanted sauce on it. The lamb was juicy and little drops of it ran out of the bottom of my sandwich. There was 4 or 5 large pieces of meat and vegis and the sauce (yogurt) he asked about. Great sandwich and good value. $5.95. I also got the falafel and it was crisp ( not burnt) and delicious. The sauce with it was a chunked tomato and maybe onion in a yogurt sauce. Fantastic Enjoyed the Vegetarian Combo plate. A bit too pricey for me. Great Lentil soup! Awesome food!  the ground beef was seasoned too heavily with something doEZAj-NSnoEMOJl5yXcNw  great for take away on movie night. Freshly made tabuli is very good" Stopped by for lunch a while back and everything was excellent. I will be coming back when I'm in the neighborhood! IV been coming here since I was a baby with the family . I highly recommend this place to anyone ! "Try the tabbouleh salad!  We usually get the lunch special if we make it in time.  Great value My flight was delayed I got to tour the city I must say the food was awesome definitely I woul recommend .  though often in no rush to get customers on their way.  There are some great deals to be had here...just don't forget your discount card.  Without it the prices are downright unreasonable  so this is the place I run in and out of often. I would give them 5 start but they are the absolute last to get anything new. And I am not thrilled that they don't have a larger organic produce area. No organic apples or peaches and they are the most important items to get organic. Hmmm. Anyway  upgrade your club card to Just for U savings! An ambassador will be happy to help you start saving even more with the convenience of digital coupons stored to your savings card!"  a breakfast sandwich/lunch sandwich bar at this location. The prices are good and it is convenient stop."  wonderful cashiers and meat departments employees!! Honestly everyone at this location is super nice "This is absolutely my favorite Safeway store in the Entire valley. I have to admit I didn't think much of it at first because it is kind of small and located in a strip mall so to speak. However thanks to my wife I discovered that this is truly a hidden GEM that all should witness....LOL. I mean they have a nice staff who seem to really love there jobs and they always have items on special that you simply can't find at other Safeway stores. The only down side to the store is that they don't always have the sale items that you want.....and I attribute that to the fact that it is a small store and they don't stock as much inventory as larger Safeway stores. However with all of that being said it has become my GO TO store and I highly recommend that it become yours. Eat  or Wal-Mart. I understand the whole ""you get what you pay for"" concept and it is great that they attract and keep a good work staff. But I need to stretch my dollar and feed my hungry family on a budget. So  with young friendly faces ready to get you on your way. This safeway is the definition of a great neighborhood store. With saving around every corner and available for quick coupon downloads with their J4U app. It's a great way to save and experience their complete delivery of outstanding customer service  and convenient. The baristas in the Starbucks rock at making coffee! The stockers are always helpful "The staff at this Safeway is tremendous! Prices fluctuate from ""pricey"" (like $3.79 for a half gallon of TruMoo Chocolate Milk) to ""fantastic"" (like the 6 top sirloins for $15.60) Also download the Safeway app to your phone. It will save you a lot of money. It's kind of a pain  oh you gave me a dime not a penny... Then when I wanted to give the .09 back and u give me my dime back and give u a penny to replace it it was too much of a brain malfunction!!!  Then you didn't hand me bag or anything and I freaking walked out of the store so frustrated I didn't remember to ASK you for my freaking bag and left without it!  Maybe if you said hello gave me a total and you actually say something to your customers we could avoid this whole big inconvenience!  I know it sounds so petty like I can't be bothered by looking at a screen myself to find the total but come on!!!  TALK to the customer in front of you... Not the customer who just finished on front of me or the other employee on break buying something behind me!!!!!" This is my my neighborhood store and we are fortunate that is is so clean and everyone is so friendly. They do drive me crazy from time to time by being out of stock of items we regularly buy but these are oddball items and not staples. I am in here at least once a week. We have other stores in the area but this one is always my first choice.  and I have purchased food that was expired more than once. One of the male cashiers is rather creepy and frequently makes comments that make female customers uncomfortable  but the deli guy acted like it was a huge inconvenience to weigh out and package six chicken breasts for me. As he was handing me the brown package he took off his apron and started leaving the deli area and then the store. I get being late for your break  I came I there with an old certificate and the lady was acting like it was fake telling me she's going to call the cops. Okay it's from your company and she just kept a going  and find it truly sad that the Safeway service and upkeep is not the same. I will slowly find a different store to frequent and suggest the same to my family." Everything you could want in a grocery store. Lots of fresh produce. Meat department. Floral department. Friendly staff. Five stars! NEVER heard from them either!    I will shop less and less at Safeway stores and more at my other options going forward."  I get a call assuring me my groceries would NOT be delivered today but that I'd be called by customer service about delivery first thing Saturday morning.  It's now 3:30 and I've heard nothing from anyone.  Looks like I'll be waiting for my refund and getting my groceries at Fry's Food Stores tomorrow morning." "Update on how terrible this delivery service is:  Safeway gave me a $75 credit to make up for the fact that I got my last grocery delivery 42 hours late.  I used it to place another grocery delivery and  and my brother worked there years ago.  And we both still shop there.  And isn't that always a good sign?" The bath and body section make me feel euphoric just by walking thru the isle  but thanks to every who just *has* to buy up everything on every shelf and slowing things down considerably for everyone else Maybe I will shop here after all from time to time."  I think they are relatively competitive. You'd be hard pressed to find a sandwich of that size and quality for less than $2.99 in that area."  they have lovely ladies for me to check out while I check out  I can tell produce from produce.  San Jose down to Gilroy has the best fresh produce anywhere to be found.  Sprouts comes in a natural second.  Always great prices I love shopping at sprouts! They always have the freshiest fruits and veggies. The staff is always so friendly! the prices are always great!  we only do fresh & easy sometimes because it is closer."  and I can honestly say I have never left there aggravated with the experience.  And that's something I can't say about many grocery excursions." "Great organic fruits and veggies....very clean store...great customer service....fantastic deli dept....fresh fruits and veggies (non-organic)....and outstanding deals every week. I know some people say it is overpriced a bit and that is true to an extent....but the sales ad that comes every week is a must see and you will always find plenty of affordable items. Eat  they are a good middle store between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods as Sprouts is similar to both of them.  The produce is priced cheaper at Sprouts than most grocery stores and I see the same guys working in the produce most times when I shop there and they are very nice if you are unsure about produce they offer to cut it for you to taste. Like Phyllis K. said they have a good bulk bin selection and the product is fresh Great prices on fruits and veggies...good coffee..decent sandwiches..would be better if they put more meat and charged you a extra dollar or so..because IT FEELS LIKE YOU ARE EATING JUST BREAD!  The toppings are very fresh though!  fresh produce.  You can't beat the weekly deals and the gluten free selection is quite wonderful.  I can shop gluten free and vegetarian for my daughter with ease here." Whenever we are in the area again we will certainly return best produce market for seasonal finds; plus we love the variety of their flavors sausages and brats.  friendly and helpful staff.  but there is no reason to be so rude and have me waiting 30 minutes for a single vegetarian sandwich with only 1 person ahead of me. By the time I got to work my break was over and they had given me the wrong sandwich This past Sunday we had a FUNdraiser for a non-profit which helps bring holistic practitioners to do service globally.  Sprouts donated the beverages for the event called 108 Sun Salutations Challenge.  We are so grateful for the generous donation and support of the mission of Seva Centers and it commencement event! Highly recommend the rotisserie chicken by the way! Probably the best one I have every  had." Also I can't help myself to mention that they offer Scrumptious and simply delicious sandwiches at their deli made to order for just $2.99 each I have been going to Sprouts for years.  The freshest locally grown produce at awesome prices.  Blue chips are a smokin deal when on sale and so is the kefir.  Very helpful staff too. Bottom line: cheaper than Whole Foods I really like the produce and meat at this store.   All the team members are very friendly and helpful. hHE4OHAc8dONTV8QsGLbWg Store is always clean and the service is spectacular. Wednesday is Double Ad Day where the weekly specials crossover. It can get pretty crowded. Conveniently located in the same parking lot as In & Out. See you there next time!" I live a few blocks away but maybe its time to take the drive to Whole foods  beef and even lamb.  I also love the selection of fish and sausages in the cold case.  Sprouts is also one of the only places where I know you can buy coconut creamer for your coffee." I love going grocery shopping here. The people there are so nice and always helpful. If you want to buy organic produce and receive great smiles while doing it this is the place to go. Parking is atrocious and its an accident waiting to happen.  The store is older and always under construction and the staff definitely sometimes seems a bit snippy with all the people pulling them in 100 different directions So much love for Sprouts." "I just visited sprouts for the first time yesterday and I LOVED it! Everything is so fresh I had to upgrade Sprouts today to 5 star status because the customer service.....unlike other stores I visit......has continued to get better year after year. The wife and I were at the store today and with the Temps outside at an eye popping 112 degrees we wanted to make sure to keep our groceries cold as we traveled home. Well as we were checking out the young lady ask if we wanted a bag of ice to put in our cooler bag. I was like WAIT honey and my wife was like it's okay they have little bags of ice that they give you for free to keep you food cold. The young lady put the little bag of ice in our cooler bag and  I was totally floored. I told my wife soon as I got home I was updating my review.....congrats sprouts and keep up the good work. p_pAk_vQQ4A0kduhTiDLjw This place is crazy busy this morning when I visited.  I was only there to purchase their gift card as there's a sign on the window when I walked in.  I usually shop there at least once a week for their fresh produces and some booze to go with it.  Their cashiers are friendly and knowledgeable and can answer your questions right away.  Definitely coming back again for their great service and great location just across the streets from Paradise Valley Mall.  everyone. I'm always asked if I need help and the ppl that work in the soap and supplement area really know what they are talking about it seems. I just like this store. Alot." "Since moving to the Valley  this Sprouts has become my go to grocery store and I live very close to several other major grocery stores. I am never disappointed with the quality of their produce. I am very happy with the mini revovations that were done recently "You want fresh? You want healthy? You want great sales?!  THIS is the place!  After being ripped off by the chain grocery stores You also can't beat their butcher block either.  The selection of sausages and pre made and stuffed chicken breasts is always a great option for dinner and the prices are always really competitive." They have really good cheap sandwiches for lunch "Love this Sprouts! It is always clean and the employees are always very helpful. One of the things I noticed is that sometimes the fruits and vegetables are mixed up between made in the USA or made in Mexico so you have to kinda dig around for the difference in the same bin. The best part of Sprouts is the produce  prepared dinners (which I've been tempted to try) are also available.  I stopped by one day to pick up meat. There was no attendant present at the counter.  A manager walked up and asked if I had been helped. I stated the obvious.  He went behind the counter  they have great prices and awesome sales! Our 20 month old son loves going here too." Great store. I'm here probably 2-3 times a week. I never have to wait more than just a minute to get checked out even on Double Ad Wednesdays. I'd like a little more variety in the pre-made meals and meat section especially the house-made sausages but it's not bad. The produce section is usually a bit insane but at least we're all eating our fruits and veggies!  twice (in two weeks) we picked items up because they were on sale. Got home and noticed that the sale price wasn't reflected on the receipt. When we called the store we were told that sometimes the computer makes mistakes. So now every time I shop there I have to check my receipt at the end before driving off. Very annoying and tedious." I regularly joke around with the cashiers. It's great here. If you're in the neighborhood "Absolutely love Sprouts! Especially when I have gift cards to use there. Always find what I need here: produce  they have really fresh produce and are not nearly as pricey as Whole Foods. I'm here every week."  and I don't think they care. 2. The milk we just bought says expires in February and this morning we opened it and it was rancid. 3. Last time I left I walked past 4 employees sitting in the truck in the front row all smoking. It was a cloud of smoke in the front row of a packed parking lot. I assumed employees had to park further. I even have stock in sprouts bc I always believe invest in what you like. At this point I'd rather pay more at whole foods." Love the products however there are never enough staff working for how busy this location gets. You stand in line for 20 minutes then proceed to have your groceries tossed into a bag by one of their employees with complete disregard for the items you just purchased. You end up going home with smashed produce and other damaged items... Let us bag our own items or please teach the staff how to not put fresh tomatoes at the bottom of a bag under canned goods. "Everything you need from soup to suds at great prices.  Organics and bakery fresh fruits and veggies   Shop til you drop  not a bad stop for a quick lunch."  but the quality is still high.  Unfortunately that can't be said for everything in the entire store...  If you plan on buying anything boxed or packaged This is a great store and could become an excellent store with modifications to the bulk foods and spices and dumping bad attitude employees." Awesome employees. The parking lot is a little crazy at this location but it's not unbearable." Update: met the boy. He no longer works there." Love this store.  It's always clean and easy to navigate.  Prices are good.  Staff are awesome and their produce quality is excellent.  Some of the top items are their fish and meat.  They get high quality meat and fish for a reasonable price - including grass-fed beef...  which is hard to find.  What's not to love?  i got home to cook it and thats how looks like underneath and smells really bad . The expired day in 2 days  it would be great for there not to be lines from the front of the store to the back of the store. If you need to pick up an item quickly  I feel like Sprouts is growing too fast and it's having a hard time keeping up with produce and meats.  I can count on one hand when I go for sale items and they have ran out. But that happens everywhere so I'm not butt hurt. Just one word of caution I always go to sprouts for their salad bar. so yummy. I buy veggies there a lot when I realize they have better sales then other grocery stores and selection. I just realized their vitamin and health area is amazing. I have found some really good stuff I love there and I have never seen before. The cashiers are always quick and friendly. "Usually a good place to shop PROVIDED you are careful about your choices.   We have repeatedly found that their fresh fruit simply isn't so fresh.  It seems to go bad very quickly Awesome store. Has lots of deals every week and a great selection of organic produce and natural in the fridge sprouted breads. The customer service is great and they're very helpful. One star came off of my review since they had no organic bananas :( "Was starting to lose hope for Sprouts but the staff are much friendlier at the Tatum & Shea location. Todd was fast Very friendly and helpful. Produce is in good condition. They have a good variety of vegetarian/vegan food. 