 so can't comment on the service or prices there. However  and less busy range that offers FAR more room and that has become my new home (until I have the land to build my own)."  they have gone away from hunting and are almost 100% tactical.  So many toys  i would not be suprised.  I have spent a LOT of time at shooting ranges both indoors and out.  Shooters Express sets the bar for the low end.  I will not be a repeat patron.  I express my dissatisfaction to some friends Not a bad place to visit if  you've ever wanted to go to a range  range was being run by a person who didn't care to answer questions or deal with you at all.  I stood right there and listened to two employees' conversation about how the customers were ""all idiots today"".  As a customer STANDING RIGHT THERE This is a neat little range. If you're looking to shoot I think they call it.if youre not the greatest with how much to pay on a gun I'm looking forward to taking one of their classes and considering a membership.  Check them out." There is only one restroom and it is not nice.  Bring a toilet cover and your own wipes."  you would figure they could at least spruce up the bathroom a bit. I've been to a fair share of indoor shooting ranges across the country and this was by far the least impressive!" If you want to try different guns! Big recommendation!"  the range is small and could use updating but to fire an automatic "I have no other ranges to compare this to but my experience for the pro shop and range has been decent. Pro shop is priced a tad bit above your chain retail stores BUT you get deals such as a free basic handling class that includes shooting time and a 30 day range pass. I thought the staff I dealt with was courteous and went above and beyond to answer all questions I had (and talk to my very talkative grandfather too!) now...on to the range! If it's winter  hunting small game and they trying to recommend something that might be useful to me even if it is less expensive than the item I was looking at at first." They WILL NOT get another dime of mine."  and professional. If you're going to buy a gun (which I have from there) I would suggest just going on slickdeals.com or gunbroker.com....much cheaper." 