 so can't comment on the service or prices there. However  and less busy range that offers FAR more room and that has become my new home (until I have the land to build my own)."  they have gone away from hunting and are almost 100% tactical.  So many toys  i would not be suprised.  I have spent a LOT of time at shooting ranges both indoors and out.  Shooters Express sets the bar for the low end.  I will not be a repeat patron.  I express my dissatisfaction to some friends Not a bad place to visit if  you've ever wanted to go to a range  range was being run by a person who didn't care to answer questions or deal with you at all.  I stood right there and listened to two employees' conversation about how the customers were ""all idiots today"".  As a customer STANDING RIGHT THERE This is a neat little range. If you're looking to shoot I think they call it.if youre not the greatest with how much to pay on a gun I'm looking forward to taking one of their classes and considering a membership.  Check them out." There is only one restroom and it is not nice.  Bring a toilet cover and your own wipes."  you would figure they could at least spruce up the bathroom a bit. I've been to a fair share of indoor shooting ranges across the country and this was by far the least impressive!" If you want to try different guns! Big recommendation!"  the range is small and could use updating but to fire an automatic "I have no other ranges to compare this to but my experience for the pro shop and range has been decent. Pro shop is priced a tad bit above your chain retail stores BUT you get deals such as a free basic handling class that includes shooting time and a 30 day range pass. I thought the staff I dealt with was courteous and went above and beyond to answer all questions I had (and talk to my very talkative grandfather too!) now...on to the range! If it's winter  hunting small game and they trying to recommend something that might be useful to me even if it is less expensive than the item I was looking at at first." They WILL NOT get another dime of mine."  and professional. If you're going to buy a gun (which I have from there) I would suggest just going on slickdeals.com or gunbroker.com....much cheaper."  I was just a tab bit nervous being around so much ammunition but I'm just not used to this type of setting. But they do have a huge selection of things so if you're in the firearm market  the employees were happy to start from square one and teach me everything I needed to know.  They were all so friendly and extremely knowledgeable.  This store is HUGE and they are very well staffed.  I was greeted and taken care of as soon as I walked in the door even though it seemed to be pretty busy.  While I'm not exactly a gun enthusiast gR_Xp2i0M5iR-Ht7EipWqg The place is almost ALWAYS packed (even on Black Friday...when they don't offer any discounts sales) and what I admire is how the salespeople take their time with each customer no matter how busy it is.  The fact the customers all wait patiently and don't get mad...now that's loyalty." gR_Xp2i0M5iR-Ht7EipWqg The staff is very helpful and were more than patient to point out where stuff was in the large shop and provide expert recommendations. They have a great selection of all of the stuff I wanted I've been to several other shops who are very friendly and have much better prices." "Great selection and don't be fooled by the prices because they haggle and you can get a very competitive deal there. If you don't like to haggle then check out their website for their online deals. That is where you find the usual rock-bottom pricing for the firearms they carry. I'm like a kid in a candy store when I go to Hyatt's. It's located in the hood but don't let that stop you. Once inside you will feel very safe as every employee is carrying heat! Don't have a gun? Go there! Don't want a gun? Good Excellent selection and extremely knowledgable staff.  Make sure you check the web site prices vs. the in store price.  I went to buy a Lasermax center fire for my LC9 which I purchased a couple of months earlier at Hyatts.  The in store price was 50% above the web price.  Ultimately they honored the web price but I had to prove it to them. Thanks Larry and the Hyatt Team" 3.) They charge a BS fee when you use your credit card to pay."   but that is the case with everything right? So I went home and shopped online and found the same items at 25-30% lower price. I suspect Hyatt has a big staff and carries a lot of overhead but you get that expertise as a customer. I can order all my items on-line but there's a certain amount of compensation I owe Hyatt for their great service. So - just know that they cost a little more but you can't beat the selection or the service and that is worth a lot these days."  I've had a few ""firsthand customer experiences"" at Hyatt's.  I just couldn't buy anything there because it was all too bloody expensive!  Use the internet or drive over to Matthews and go to Fire Power.  It will be worth it!" If a store is this dishonest about this- what else would they be dishonest about?" My boyfriend seemed impressed with the amount of guns & gun related items.  I was impressed with the sheer amount of people in the store and the number of employees who asked if we needed anything."  don't blame the gun store or its employees for suggesting a common sense thought.  You may come to regret doing so in the future." My shotgun (870 express) was having trouble getting the last shell to chamber properly.  I took it in and on the spot they identified the problem (worn out spring) and had the replacement part in stock.  For $10 and 20 min of my time my gun is working properly now.  Very happy with my experience with Hyatt and I will return.  east of the Mississippi river.   And the level of service is unmatched.   There are several ""experienced"" gunsmiths on duty every day and if you need something fixed "First experience with Hyatt Guns today. I hit three local gun shops looking to sell a shotgun and purchase a new one. Out of all the shops Hyatt offered me the least amount of money for my used firearm and the prices at this place are just plain outrageous "Well run business.  Larry is a good honest owner and is always available if needed.  Heck he even answers the main phone line.  Great selection and I had many great encounters over the years.  Thanks guys!   Also Great place to do business. Very helpful  and trained employees. Was helped as soon as i walked in. Told the guy what i wanted to pay and what is was for and he hooked me up. He walked me through how to operate the gun and how to take care of it. The whole transaction was painless.  or palmetto just to name a few and your jaws will drop at the difference in prices. I really feel sorry for those who continue to buy from here. Sure they can have good customer service some times and that's what wins the sale "I've never been overly impressed with Hyatt. I first heard of it when they gained notoriety for selling $1mil worth of sales in one day in the days after Newtown.  It's in a not so nice area of Charlotte (thankfully they're aren't many) and the prices are high. If your local The shop is not super fancy like others but I made my choice to purchase my Beretta PX4 Storm and FNX9MM today from here because the prices were awesome in comparison. The customer service tipped the scales and the amount of knowledge on the handguns was incredible. Honest older mature crowd and all staff is friendly and very helpful.. I am glad I went here. Thank you Dick  I look foward to meeting again for the concealed claases!" I had a great experience at Hyatt. I came in looking for a 9mm and they had a great sale on handguns. Steve quickly helped me even though the story was completely packed. He allowed me to hold as many guns I wanted until I felt comfortable with my purchase. He was very knowledge about brands and features that would be best for me. I will definitely be back for my next purchase ! I've been to Hyatt's several times as I like to do a lot of homework before making any purchases.  I've never received anything except terrific service.  Hyatt's staff really wants to help their customers make a well-informed decision.  Great selection and fair prices on guns too!  I'd recommend.. Hyatt is already the biggest gun shop in the United States. There's a reason that I think that they're also the best." gR_Xp2i0M5iR-Ht7EipWqg Bought a .380 Glock here the other day. Had a good experience overall. It took awhile to get someone to help me but the place was busy. Price on the gun was $399 which was a good deal. I've been here several times and my parents have purchased all their guns here as well.  2 purchased from hyatts and I've always been satisfied. Best selection in the area by far. I took a star off based on the fact that they truly are more expensive in comparison to other gun stores and they give you practically nothing for trade ins but overall 4 stars for customer service and selection."  it gets crowded but still worth it because it is the biggest around."  I would not recommend them." Bw0_JDQnZeYf-2xTCpVEHA  and a couple boxes of ammo for my AK-47. He also pointed me in the direction of a few shooting ranges that are assault rifle friendly  ws very helpful everytime.  Very legit and better prices than the Gander Mountain down the Road.  Would recommend!"  I call him uncleTrig is very knowledgeable and most important of all an honest businessman "Knowledgeable & friendly When I first walked in the store I was greeted by what I thought was a grumpy dude. I was mistaken in many ways because Trigg is a great conversationalist and his knowledge of guns is impeccable. He will help you find the right gun for you for what you can afford. I have purchased four weapon and many boxes of ammunition up until the time I moved to Maryland a few years ago. I heard Trigg was retiring so I felt I needed to write this. Good luck to trigg. "New location on Columbus st looks clean and fresh. Helpful owner offers personalized  order detail anything. I email back asking who they were and was told that my previous order was now in stock. I told them I still wanted the items and also asked them to add a few others. They said sure no problem and that was it. I asked for a total and was told that I would get one after the items were pulled and ready to ship. No invoice came. When the items arrived I found that there was $20 in shipping charges (seems excessive for what I ordered). When I wrote to them explaining my disapointment in not being notified of the total prior to shipping they responded with a very rude email. The product and prices (ex shipping) I paid were fine but the customer service and communication are extremely poor."  along with even the obscure bullets from Sierra that I prefer."  anywhere.  I did see 6.5x47 Lapua stuff though.  So I just went to Bruno's and got it all.  One stop shop." Have made a couple orders from there and have always been very impressed with their customer service but this time was especially good one of the items were out of stock and the owner called me personally and had other options and solutions in mind was very knowledgable about the situation very glad I have done business with them and will continue to as well!! Great place They have a good selection though." A bit difficult to find the place but a good inventory and cheaper than Cabela's!  I will come here for all reloading materials.  but the work is top notch. Cheap is not one of the adjectives I look for when searching for a tool that may someday be used to defend myself or my loved ones." I've recently picked up a new Colt Combat Commander and I'm already planning on taking it to Nelson for some work." And yes like one writer said we can feel stupid around him  quality work and has been doing it for 36 years. He's the kinda guy that I would love to have a cigar and a couple scotches with and shoot the sh*t (no pun intended) I'm sort that some others don't feel this way but my experience was nothing but great." 