 5pm....yeah right...who's gonna even bother answering?  These guys did.  Ed was here in about an hour.  He was very professional (he even put booties on his feet before coming into the house)  when it rains it pours...literally. I went down to the basement and discovered water all over the floor and a spray coming out of a water line and shooting to the ceiling. I've had way too many ""oh shit"" moments like these this summer. This time M0RJELIvWleZ-Tkd6vdXFQ "Got a good quote for some kitchen sink drain and laundry plumbing updates and had them come back and do the work the next month. Fast "We used rdn plumbing who was recommended by aha (american home shield) to help fix a clogged drain.  A guy named Justin came and helped us.  After he left the drain was unclogged but the pipe below the sink was leaking.  We left the country for vacation and have been swamped in construction afterwards.  We called aha for a recall to have rdn come back and fix the leaking pipe. I woke up at 830 am to justin screaming (and i mean screaming so loud that i was alarmed in bed with earplugs in).  He was questioning my husband about why we waited 3-4 weeks to call it in.  After my husbad explained that we were out of the country he implied thAtmy husband messed with the pipes himself.  My husband stayed calm and told him that he just needs to fix the problem from not putting pipes back together correctly.  THEN my husband askd if he could call aha and see if the leaking faucet would be covered.  He went out to his truck and called and then came barging back in with a wrench and started fixing the faucet by literally turning the wrench twice.  He told my husband while turning the wrench that it wasnt covered.  My husband tried to get im to stop because he only wanted to know if it was covered.  Justin freaked out again and wrote up a whole new work order.  He gave us the bill and stormed off.  The even wrote on the statement ""i am not going to be told how to do my job"".  I have never seen a temper tantrum from a so called professional in my life.  I als would like to add that i have NEVER left a 1 5 stars for any service professional and we are no strangers to house remodeing."  was extremely professional and was more than generous with information regarding the draining of the tank on a bi-yearly basis (something of which I did not know to do). He was polite and cleaned up after himself. They alleviated my issue and made me very happy. They're a little out of my range for basic needs as I live roughly 40 minutes from Homestead but I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone. Awesome folks."  friendly and he helped to put my mind at ease during a stressful morning. He explained how to maintain the new tank to make it last longer. I highly recommend RND Plumbing and Their technician Ed! He certainly exceeded our expectations!!"  and I'll never call anybody else for my plumbing needs again." 