"My daughter did a trial class and loved it.  We signed her up and she went to one class and then got scared for some reason and would not go back.  I understand they do not do refunds "My son has been taking classes here for almost a year.  The staff are professional My granddaughter only attended Ultimate Gymnastics for 4 weeks before it closed permanently without any notice.  We just showed up like usual last week and there was a note on the door saying closed for business.  I'd like to have the money returned for the months in advance that I was required to pay!  Arizona Sunrays is a great place to bring your kids.  I also love their Parents Night Out and $5 Sunday open gym!" Just took my 2 yr old daughter this morning for her very first dance class. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating (bringing out tap shoes for us to try since it was our first visit) and my daughter had a blast!  We're both excited to go back next week. ;) "My daughters went here for yet another trial class - Tumbling and pre-k gymnastics.   The facility had a cramped waiting area but free wi-fi (yay!).  My daughter's beginning tumbling class were co-ed and had mostly pre-teen/teen girls which my daughter was not normally used to. Nevertheless Jumping Genie (?) is the gymnastic instructor and makes it fast paced. It took some adjustment for my boy to get used to Classes - engaging for the kids!" I went to Sunrays for close to 6 years and every year was more and more enjoyable! The coaches are top quality and are fun and love to what they do! The facility is as clean as a gym could be and it is a great place for kids to learn both a new sport as well as other skills helpful for coordination and balance.  and no one is returning my messages. We wanted to sign our child up after hearing such good things."  I couldn't get back to pick them up until the end of the afternoon program) they were so kind and accommodating and made my children feel loved and well taken care of until I could get back to collect them. If my kids had to be stranded somewhere this would definitely be their first choice of where to get stuck!" Thank you crew for being an amazingly talented and gifted group of thoughtful and experienced gymnasts.  Esther loves her gymnastics classes and collectively your organization has assisted in the development of my four year olds' talent for the sport. Teacher Kim and staff thank you!  And thank you for finding a gym in Ventura County for us!  as well as currently attending. Everyone here has a great positive energy  and don't seem to care whether they turn away new clients or customers because they are more interested in money.  Gold Metal Gymnastics in Chandler  swim and karate all at the same place? My daughter has been coming here for a few years and loves it. This year I decided to take my son who is autistic for the first time and I am so glad I did! This staff is amazing with kids who are special needs! They have been very accommodating "This review is for anyone considering transferring or having their daughter move into the gymnastics team.  We joined this gym after we moved to town and had heard good things about their gymnastics program. This is only the case if your daughter has been going to this gym since she was little.  If you are an outsider "Words could never express just how wonderful Arizona Sunrays is. They have literately changed our kids lives. Both of our kids were born with hypotonia and you would never know it. Thanks to the amazing staff "I started my daughter here at 4yrs old after attending another gymnastics organization in town. I immediately saw a difference in the teaching of skills. They also put her on the ""developmental"" track which I really didn't know the difference of at the time. My daughter showed early talent Everyone is so nice and they are really patient. My almost two year old is learning so many great skills. He loves the baby dance class and tumble tots is a blessing when you're trying to teach structure. The open gym is an inexpensive and fun way to beat the heat and it's better than going to the park! I love this place!  and this is by far the most developmentally appropriate facility for children in sports that I have found. Both of my children absolutely love their classes. What an awesome place!"  is very enthusiastic and you can tell she really cares about instilling good form while building the fundamentals of gymnastics in her students. I highly recommend this school for kids 2 years and above!" "Great place for every age group. Experienced coaches 