 the equipment is quite good.  You get two free personal training sessions when you join.  They have lots of weights (which my boyfriend uses) and a decent cardio room.  The only thing I would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment.  Water is only $1 a bottle!"  so I went to the tail end of a yoga class. The women in this class were very nasty to me and told me that I wasn't welcome to stretch out in their class. I never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members. I didn't feel welcome here. I complained to the manager  the rock climbing wall (which I've never once seen turned on or used) is over crowded with a punch of really out of shape people who are mostly carrying on conversations with their incredibly beefy personal trainers I really like this gym. It is nice neighborhood gym and unlike big gyms they don't have big contracts and they have flexible memberships. Great selection of classes. All the instructors are very good knowledgable and motivating. All the staff working there are super nice. Their selection of the equipment is good too !!  which aren't super common yet. Sometimes when things go out of order they take a while to fix them. I've run into the owner or manager one time in the bathroom when someone let a sink over floor and asked if I should tell the guys at the desk and she said oh no they're useless. This gym makes a killing from a) classes b) it's convenient and c) their personal training is a separate company (warrior fitness). I've been meaning to sign up for a trainer and I always see them busy. They all seem awesome and very helpful and challenging. Not sure if they have a separate yelp page I love the fact the owner takes pride in his business and is extremely hands on with the maintenance of the building.  Amerifit has such a welcoming This is not a chain gym where everything is new with standard (usually leased) equipment."  free weights and no one is there to be seen by their neighbor like commercial gyms."  and gamblin."" A cultural fitness experience."  takes the time to personally chat with every single member and ask them if they need any support. I do wish that there were some smaller bumper plates (the smallest ones are 15kg 30lbs) so that I could warm up with a lower weight and would like to see the weekend hours extended until 5 6pm (they close at 4 on Saturday and 2 on Sunday). The decor in the gym is super funky and cool --the walls are covered with newspaper clippings  lots more equipment (they have bball court and pool!). But I would recommend checking it out if you like a small gym." If you live in Shadyside (or nearby)... GO TO URBAN ACTIVE INSTEAD. It's cheaper and the facilities are unbelievably better than XShadyside... although I apparently have a membership at XShadyside for another month now My only real complaint is the utter lack of parking. There were times when I would drive over to work out I am looking forward to Planet Smoothie opening next door." The rumor is that Katie Holmes tried this class out too!  The girl has got some good taste.  Still love TOM!" Until (or if?) the LA Fitness opens at the corner of Baum and Liberty (with proposed parking garage) I love this gym everybody there is soooooo nice and helpful  I am moving back home (cancellation process was no hassle at all like I've read on here!) "Terribly overrated. Deceptive contracts abound. The staff are all snotty and think they are the gurus of all exercising. The actual equipment is ok  the choice is quick ... The reason you would stick to this gym is the classes. If you want a spin class or a yoga class I can't wait for my contract to end; I regret signing one now. There has to be better gyms in the area."  gets very busy after 5pm on weekdays and sometimes difficult to find open free weight benches but cardio machines always available"  consider the location.  The staff is helpful and friendly.  Being open over nights Monday through Thursday is nice if you want to avoid peak times.  I wish they were 24-7" Moral of the story: This is a solid gym and absolutely worth the money if you take advantage of the classes.  Oh This gym is great. If you live in Shadyside Bloomfield the location couldn't be better. I got my membership without the sign on fee which was a huge bonus. I mostly used the cardio equipment which there is a lot of. I chose this gym because of the proximity to my apartment but stayed with them for the employees and atmosphere. I can not remember ever having to wait more than a couple of minutes for a machine or bench and usually just did something else until it came free. The staff always helpful and makes sure to greet you every time.  For people who are serious lifters like myself it was a great place but also not intimidating for new or sporadic gym goers. The hours are convenient for any work schedule. I recommend to any friends in the area.  and I have always found the equiptment to be up to date and working well. I chose X because of its location in relation to my apartment and I could not have made a better choice. There is something to be said for not ""selling out"" and going to one of the top name This is an amazing gym with all the amenities. The weight room is very impressive and has all the machines you could ask for. The staff is very friendly and the facility is extremely clean.  I was pleased with the gym and the only major selling point for me is the convenience. I could've gone to my school's gym Best Gym for the price in the area. Very convenient. Equipment and classes are great.  especially after discontinuing the membership. You might be the victim too!"  and difficulty parking (not a big issue for me because I always walk jog bike here)." Very nice gym in the heart of Shadyside. I never had a problem with non-functioning equipment. Parking can be an issue if you don't live near by. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because of the limited weekend hours. Closing at 6pm on Sat Sun is too early.  the gym is falsely advertised as open 24 7.  As a morning person it is extremely irritating to need to wait to get my Saturday started until 8:00am "This is a nice fun gym to come to there open 24 7 so you can go to the gym at any time of the day or night .. The classes are super fun like body pump   you will likely find yourself with extra charges when trying to freeze   terminate your account." Word to the wise: monitor your hygiene and really consider if the convenience is worth it."  quite the opposite in fact the management was very accommodating.  I did give a months advance warning though so maybe that was an issue other people had." Overall this is a good gym.  If I'm in the mood for a group exercise class I'll come here.  If I just want to run on the treadmill I'll usually go to Planet Fitness down the road (at Planet Fitness I can watch better tv and actually hear it too)." xXxJ7b_WUy0LBLIEM7614w 6) purchase more hand weights and resistance bands in the upstairs group fitness room"  zumba and step class. I did not enjoy using the cardio room way TOOOOOO small. The staff is very friendly!!!! Ive never seen the staff clean the cardio machines." I went for lap swimming.  Pool heated to 87 degrees.  Too hot.  83 would be much better!  Very friendly staff.  Nice facility. I love this YMCA. It's so clean and very nice! I like how all of the rooms are separate from each other. The pool is great! The locker rooms are clean and the sauna steam rooms are excellent. The childcare is awesome... Very clean and a very friendly staff! Nothing bad to say about this place!  as well as the pool area and locker rooms. NOTE: they do not provide towels or locker keys here. Wifi is also very unreliable. They have one water fountain upstairs that could definitely use an update and cleaning methods are a bottle of spray cleaner and paper towels. There's definitely a lot of improve upon When I return next year for the holidays I will likely join this gym again.   Overall The place can get pretty crowded after work hours with both adults and young adults (older kids).  The parking lot has been overcrowded this month.  I sincerely hope that all who are venturing out to get fit will continue the journey throughout the year." Great location.  Kids really enjoy all the activities.  HFFA has several classes and activities for kids so you can get them involved in a healthy lifestyle My four stat rating is based primarily on the pools. It is the only fitness facility in the Lake Norman area i will stay a member of the gym but no more birthdays." As a parent of a swimmer this is really not a great pool for watching a meet. The stands are small and the tiny results scoreboard is blocked by the crowd if not directly behind you. Parking is atrocious. The positive is the pool is pretty new and in good condition .  and the water temperature is a bit cold compared to pools I frequented in the past." After canceling membership they still took money off my account. Refused to give it back and used my autherzation form from when I signed up to justify the card being ran even though I filed my termination 15 days prior to the auto draft day. Over the course of a year there where several incidents ranging from not telling parents of children with illnesses in the day care to lude behavior by trainers towards members. They do not do a good job of maintaining a respectable workout area nor do they have honorable office staff. Glad to be done with this facility I wouldn't recommend anyone to join this gym. Good aquatic facility with nice pools and gym. The showers and locker rooms are in serious need of improvements. Showers are terrible. The Gym is up to date but the equipment computer rarely work. Beware of SwimMAC as well. I had my 3 year old child enrolled on their classes and because she has ADHD they decided to kick her out.  disorganized swim lesson set up everything from the online system to arriving at the pool and not knowing what levels are appropriate who goes where and emotionally detached instructors expecting kids to comply... This place is a disappointment but I think  strengths are probably the swim team? Also they have a really fun exercise class it's cardio dance. Other than that not sure why I would drive 25 minutes out of my way" I go because it's close and it's easy."  so take heed of the restrictions & meter rules around here! If I'm in the area and need to fit in a fast  all of the cardio and weightlifting equipment is within close proximity.  But hey  there tends to be a lot of younger folks here. I like that (makes me work-out harder) ****I miss my KB instructor but have really enjoyed taking the occasional Turbo Kick class.  The structure and queuing is different ...but can provide a good workout."  and are always willing to lend a hand.  I like this Y better than the other ones around Charlotte mostly because it's not always super crowded and you almost never have to wait to use a machine.  I really like the classes- especially spin - I forgot her name but my lady (she was pregnant at the time) was always motivating and kept me going!  It's a nice cozy little gym that is very convenient if you live within walking distance.  Parking is readily available too if you aren't." The member base of this gym is sometimes sort of blah. A ton of the BofA workers work out here after work or on their lunch break so there sometimes isn't a lot of variety or excitement.. but that's not why we go to a gym is it?! If you don't mind  and the crowd is laid back without the ""strutting"" that you can see at other gyms. I never see it packed or desolate This is now our go to Y during the week!" Be sure to look up the parking codes on their branch website so you can park in the parking lot right beside the Y after 4:30 each weeknight.  Otherwise you have to park in the parking deck up the street."  so I'm not familiar with specific parking for gateway YMCA. Just a heads up! Definitely recommend." "Try the new Crossfit classes with Coach Steffie! You will get your money's worth and then some. I see her almost 4 times a week and I'm fittest I've ever been in my life! The Y is clean Check the website for parking information (I walk there but there's a free lot [with access code] in the evenings and they validate up to 2 hours in the garage)."  everyone is super nice and the equipment is pretty new. The ladies locker room is cavernous with little side rooms for personal training and various nutritional council rooms. Downstairs is the classroom where you can participate in free classes.  The location is awesome for me The Gateway Village YMCA is well maintained and clean. Exercise machines are up to date and they recently got new machines. Will definitely check them out." The Dowd YMCA is a great place; with state of the art equipment  But it's still the best gym in town. By far." - My locked locker was broken into in 2006 and my gym bag was stolen from it."  but I'm a big proponent of a big papa lock on my locker. For the money and the friendly service "Oddly the best gym in Charlotte; although it is packed between 5-7:30 on a weekday.  Lots of equipment and free weights.  Staff can be a bit rude sometimes  this is definitely the best and the largest. Also has the most parking available too. Very welcoming 1 less star due to the gyms popularity.  Sometimes looking for a parking space can be a workout in itself.  Lately I've just been parking really far away and just jogging in with bag in tow... great warm up."  but you always get what you pay for and they offer Financial Aid to those who need it!" Overall great experience; I highly recommend this gym." I wish that they would get on the ball and start tweeting - especially when we had the snow ice delays last week!  Grrr!!!"  Dowd is still the nicest gym I've attended." b3u-GK6_xj2fJkinzLk_jQ  and it is a monthly draft. This $40 a month also includes the use of the OTHER 2 YMCA's in the uptown area as well! I definitely think this is a much better deal than the close competitor Sports and Fitness. $40 for a monthly gym membership is very reasonable for downtown in a larger city." Overall as a few people mentioned this place isn't completely perfect - parking's a B and  I feel they could amp up the AC in Keith gym but overall it really has exceeded my expectations!"  I guess I should talk about the actual gym component eh? I've been to different Y's in Charlotte and Y's in other cities and the Dowd has the most recent models of treadmills Crime is a problem!  I had my phone and keys stolen from me while I was in the pool at Dowd.  My babysitter had her car broken into in the Dowd parking lot as well. Both of these events took place within the last 2 months.  It is not worth working out at a place where you and your property are unsafe. Be sure to attend athletic conditioning classes conducted by Becky (if you're advanced) and Roy ( if you're not yet advanced).  They're fantastic and worth the time The best workout this gym provides is the walk back and forth from your car  I don't want to sit in the hot-tub with you while you're naked after you worked out-gross!  I understand a certain amount of undress is expected but some people (generally the older crowd I might add) take it to an extreme." What a wonderful place!  I will definitely be back!"  just make sure to sign up for a bike early - they will and always do fill up. Convenient location on Morehead  and would recommend anyone to go there! :)"  but it reads ""This is your year!"" which is great motivation every time you leave the gym!  I am hoping 2012 will be MY year and the Dowd will help me (in the words of my favorite Star Trek Captain) ""Make it so""...." Looking forward to the crowds thinning out and trying some of the other locations."  you'll spend $100 a month for 2 people.  That to me is a bit on the pricey side..."  people like to walk around naked at this y more than any other charlotte-area y i've been to."  while my fees helped pay for trashy people who don't know how to act in public....constant screaming and cussing.  The men's locker room is always nasty. The toilets are disgusting I love the dowd y . Love that it is so close to my office  making it easy to fit into my day. My favorite class is the roc it circuit training class. My goal is to do 3 supersprint triathalons. Just started the master swim  and I am learning lots. Great support for whatever you do.  Only down side parking if you go between 5-6  although I just received email  that they now have extra parking at surrounding office and church. I like checking in with Bryan on second floor if I don't see him in a while he notices and it keeps me accountable.  Great people working there keep me feeling like I belong  and supported in what ever my goal.  the parking can be challenging but after a while you can figure out when and where is the best.  Membership can be expensive but they now offer tier membership fees based on income. If you don't make much  I was there for a seminar.  I had to find my own way upstairs via the elevator to the room.  There were no signs and no one available to assist me.  Otherwise  you can't bring them to the Dowd Y on weekdays. I don't  there isn't much to complain about with Dowd... it doesn't provide the personal workout experience that Johnston or even Childress Klein does Tip: If you can go at non peak time (lunch This ymca is very large.  It has 4 floors to exercise.  Like 10 racket ball rooms.  Towel and rags are ease of access to shower and etc.  The downside is that most hours of the day it is crowded because it is located downtown.  but only to people who really honestly don't care about having strange women exhibitionists waving stuff around in their faces while in the locker room. As for me - I care - probably too much to return." They could take a hint from 24 Hour Fitness (which usually plays some pretty bad-ass house music)... or even the music their own group exercise classes play upstairs." fXo7RWiS-U8zr4zImqIfLA Love the Dowd. Love being a member here. That is all." While it would take me a few visits to become fully oriented with each floor and the location of everything  but since I'm committed to not missing a workout under for reason I came hear to take a make up class that I missed at Childress Klein.... the 6am athletic conditioning class was a great workout FYI: it's definitely worth looking for a parking spot!" Great facility! Amazing staff! Dion assisted me and he was so professional! I will be joining this gym! So much to do there! I simply loved racket ball!  even though the instructors are pushing my limits to the point where i almost cry :-)" Wait 20 mins to get a parking spot then wait 15 for a machine no thanks. Just cancelled and move to Fitness Connection for $10 bucks a month. For that price I can go to a swanky yoga studio on the weekends and still be cheaper than the Y. This place is seriously over sold. Stop selling more memberships when you don't have enough space or equipment to accommodate current members. Serious over crowding issue. "This is the best Y in Charlotte and that is saying something considering it's age. Every group class under the sun I am always recommending the Dowd to friends and family. It's a great place  going at non-peak hours saves me from the parking and crowding issues that others seem to face- ain't no crowds at 9:30 pm! I generally stay in the Women's Fitness Center  but the gym on the third floor is top notch. They have a piano! The staff is friendly and everyone seems to be smiling. I'm only not giving the facility 5 stars because their visitors policy is 3x per month Hope I didn't insult anyone. It's one of the great old institutions of Charlotte"  come all and get healthy!"  and if you time your arrival you can find people leaving. Not bad. It does get crowded during peak hours but that is to be expected. I can only imagine what the place will look like come January. It is nothing that would deter me bc as I said  free weight room is inadequate for the amount of members. Only 2 squat racks and very low ceilings make it seem even more packed than it is. Serviceable gym during non-peak hours but I would suggest finding another place to work out if you are really in to weight lifting."  great instructors. Hours are amazing and the equipment is newer up stairs. They've added a few more classes. Pools are fantastic. The juice spot is great! Staff is nice. The bad: parking is impossible.  Seriously if you plan to come at 4:30-7:00 monday-friday "Beautiful facilities- all the amenities you could ever need The Dowd has the largest selection of work out classes and their schedule is awesome. Parking can be a little tricky but waiting for a spot is worth it. I love how much space there is at this Y. Great gym! I love the spacious floors that this YMCA allows. I don't feel like anyone was judging me as I worked out. But then again I focus on myself and less with what's around me. But I would suggest you to avoid the bottom floor where all the intense weight training machines weights are located. It's where all the meat heads are located. If you're a female all they do is STARE."  I used to own a locker there and all the ladies are pretty cool. If you're a regular expect to strike up some conversations with some chicas... I mean if they see you everyday Overall I am glad I am a member here."  it has almost everything you need  high-volume Y so lots of whining people who demand alot. I give them credit for trying to make people happy.  I am smiling more when I workout as I'm less peeved about all the non-caring people  for a good price - especially because I get to go to any Charlotte Y. The only downside is that it gets VERY busy (get to class early!) and parking can be quite difficult at prime times."  there are many gyms in the area but this one is spacious and very reasonably priced."  the set up is super cool. But my issue is . It's a bit racist if your black they think your sneaking in trying to steal stuff . I had a woman tell me I look like a thief I can't come in this way to go to the locker room. If you do not come in there dress like a business savvy person  "This is the only YMCA that I've been to in the area. I'm unsure how this compares. However  and has been for months. It will take on average 20 minutes to find parking in the 5:30-7 pm timeframe. The gym suggested you avoid peak hours (before work and after work) but that is difficult because   love the classes. I think I'm getting a really good workout.  I joined because I literally pass the gym on my way home. But I hate that's it based on income. I pay a pretty penny and I'm thinking of cancelling because of that. It's like your punished for having a decent income  including athletic conditioning which they have almost every day. Stay away from going at peak times as it can be difficult to find a parking spot. Otherwise A+"  which is obviously something you'd want from a gym. Never too crowded  go to the front desk first and get a pass. The actual yoga room is down the last elevator bank and through the glass doors. You need a pass to get through security."  is the community of regulars who also make the daily pilgrimage to burn some calories before the sun rises.  There are some serious athletes who train like crazy and some desk jockeys who live for their exercise highs outside of the office (that's my hand raised in the back of the room).  In all  you'll have to exchange your Y scan card at the front desk for a special pass as it is across the hall and through security."  and the gateway location would be a hassle to jump on and off the trolley.  Everything you could ask for in a gym.....classes I'll definitely recommend this facility and will consider returning to it on my next Charlotte  and Shari's BODYFLOW on Monday and Thursday is by far the best yoga-type class I've ever taken.  She's a great teacher.  My only complaint is that they charge $10 per guest.  If I want to bring someone that is visiting me from out of town or something While this Y does have parking in the basement of the building But if you are in a time crunch and you work uptown you can get used to this tiny location.  Don't forget parking is free after 4:30PM!!!" Amazing service!  Now I wish I belonged to a YMCA back home.  Going to have to look into it for sure."  not much being offered with the current scheduled trainer there.  It's been so tough I've been advised by YMCA staff to actually go to another YMCA location to use their 3rd party vendor if I want to get quality comprehensive fitness coaching. Would like to see that service offered at this location."  it's less crowded. I also feel that people are a bit more ""real"" at CK... I don't feel underdressed when I'm working out and people actually talk to you -whereas at Dowd I feel a bit inferior because I don't own any Lululemon & I actually take my makeup off before working out. Don't get me wrong  the CK YMCA both amazes and fufills their duties in providing great services to their members and their community."  I could go on and on.  Make sure to avoid at your typical peak times to maximize the experience.  I like to block off an hour on my calendar mid-morning or afternoon and have the whole place to myself.  I always see one of our EVP's around these same times  and not feel like you are in the way. If you can deal with the hassle of parking (they validate within a very limited window of time) it's worth checking out." I usually go right at peak time and have never had to wait for a cardio machine. Sometimes the ab area behind the cardio is a bit full  I'd come back and probably will. Clean and well laid out facilities with decent staff makes this a winning place to get your sweat on in my book." "Great location and clean gym. Joined this YMCA when I began working uptown. They provide towels on the fitness floor for mopping away your sweat as well as full bath towels in the locker room. Fully equipped locker room offering convenient way to shower before heading back to the office. Great variety of machines and indoor pool. Can see basketball court and classes from machines. They offer a variety of classes The YMCA's as a whole in Charlotte are better than a lot of other gyms. If you didn't land that silver spoon job out of school and can't afford Crossfit Check it out if you're ever in need of an Uptown workout.  It's a great spot before or after work for persons that commute to the area daily."  she said that approx 20 people had to leave the class do to lack of bikes emphasizing that we should leave class if we were not up to fully participating.  I should mention the class was similar to Flywheel with a leader board with TV'S ovethead tracking each indiv bike. The class began with a 30 sec warm up and finished without a cool down or stretch and we were told to stretch off to the side to allow for the next class to begin. During the class there was no mention of proper form or the use of spin shoes to enhance the workout.  As a participant and cycle instructor I was surprised by the format and lack of proper warm up and cool down. I was also surprised that this was the atmosphere at the Y.  The facility was very nice and the equipment was good but I think they need to have a sign up sheet for the class and good decription of the intensity of the class." The best part of the YMCA is how clean it is. There is cleaning spray and a towel stationed at every machine and I noticed that people were very good about cleaning up after themselves."  even when it's ""busy."" Probably a convenient location only if you live downtown I am not sure how it rates price-wise against local gyms because you get a lot for your money beyond just a place to work out. If you are a single person who just wants to lift weights  do cardio you might be able to find something cheaper. If you have a family or are looking for a social component as well as a gym  though not as fancy for kids like the Morrison I'm really happy that I joined and I'm super-pleased with this facility." I may run into you here...or another branch...I'll keep you guessing because I can!"  and luckily the facility is nice enough to keep the workouts enjoyable." The one thing I could do without are the kids who are allowed to join this branch of the YMCA. They don't exactly disrupt my workout Pilates with Lisa is relaxing. I like her form of teaching and I understand the concept much more so." My wife and I like it a lot here and we'd definitely recommend the Harris Y." I have not met anyone very friendly there and I assume that is because it is the ""SoPark"" area - but since I don't go to the gym to socialize I guess it doesn't matter."  etc. is a little too casually run for my taste. The people who work behind the desk often get into long conversations with members or fellow employees "I went here on Veterans Day with my son so we could do something fun. I heard they had an indoor water park and went to check it out. We got there a little early (about 9:30am) and the parking lot was packed. When I went in the woman at the desk immediately greeted me and helped me check-in since I was just checking out the facility and using the pool for the day. She walked me to the locker room and showed me how to get to the pool- extremely helpful. On a cold day the indoor pool was nice and warm and though the indoor water park is somewhat small Wait 20 mins for an elliptical. The weights are limited and they don't have a lot of machines. Oversold memberships. I just closed my over priced membership and joined fitness connection where everything is new and only 10 bucks a month. The Y is overrated.  NC.  I went for a day to see how it was and really enjoyed it.  I have only done floor tumbling so far "This Y is huge. It has two indoor pools and an out door pool with diving pad for competition.  The kids have their own building with all kids activities in it. The pool area is huge "The evening cycle classes are great. Particularly on Mondays and Thursdays.  The gym area at Harris is acceptable but times are limited due to the number of patrons.   The absolutely worst part is trying to find a parking space on a cold winter night and the one you find is pretty far from the door.  Again My favorite YMCA in the Charlotte area (and I've tried 4 of them). The staff were so friendly as soon as I walked in the door. I love that they have a track as well as lots of different cardio areas so you're never having to wait on a machine. Great place to workout. Great pool experience but membership sign up took so long..  as I stated in my tip there is something for everyone. From childcare to swimming lessons to dance classes to fitness and sports. You can't go wrong with the Harris YMCA!  I just wish they had a larger parking lot especially since I was told this is the largest YMCA in the Charlotte area."  pilates yoga studio and more. They also offer childcare. Harris Y offers classes from photography to adult gymnastics to ballroom to kid's camps and activities. The group exercise schedule is updated every month It's my first gym membership and I was a little intimidated by the idea but everyone there is great. I even ran into a friend I didn't know went. Overall "I came to Madison and tried out this club.  VERY  NICE for the individual price.  A warm pool x7xS2DJvu8klyNzcpN8QHg 8 years and counting!" I found my way back and like the Prodigal son who returns home after making mistakes I am back and I am happy!!"  and the water in the pools is kept at a comfortable temperature. I've worked out a Harbor for a year now. The club has the appearance of a facility that has expanded multiple times as best it can given the architecture of the building and the space available. It's not easy to navigate as there are many separate rooms  who want flexibility in how they spend their limited resources... Harbor Athletic Club is (possibly) not for you." "I LOVE LOVE LOVE HARBOR! It is almost solely based on the group fitness structure. There are a lot of add ons that can get pricey which can be annoying. I have been a member for the last ten years so I have a fabulous rate. It isn't a huge concern for me. But the facilities like many people below have mentioned are really outdated. The feel down to the carpet  young urban professionals and some retirees who are just trying to stay healthy. No creepy people ogling you (which you may be looking for) and no rude gym bunnies laughing at you in your leotard on the treadmill....but really....you shouldn't have the leotard and hot pink leg warmers on anyway...it is 2010.  But hey  tangible) and the one thing I hated at all of them were the fact that they were always busy with people who seemed to have an intimidating aura.  This place isnt like that.  It is quite big and has pretty decent equipment.  I usually go workout with my trainer (Jesse) around 530 and we always are able to workout with no waiting for having to share machines.  They have a lane pool  especially if you're tired of the ""mainstream"" gyms or just want a better overall gym experience.  Plus they have a Cold Plunge which is getting harder and harder to find in a gym nowadays.  These people actually KNOW what they are doing and what muscle building and muscle building recovery is all about.  For my money  and classes.  Wish there were a few more yoga classes or classes geared to those of us that are out of shape/beginners I signed up with this gym about a week ago and I'm very happy with it. They have all the equipment you need and I have never had to wait to find a machine to get started on my workout. They have validated parking and the people here are always very friendly and ready to help. I plan to be a regular here. "I came into Phoenix on business and needed a gym and I'm glad I stopped into CPSAC.  This is  honestly one of the cleanest gyms I have ever been in  and the equipment is current and in good working order.  This place is fully stocked for just about any kind of workout you could ever need.  It even has a lap pool  I'm guessing because its pretty hidden so not too many people know of this place.The only negatives was that you have to park in a garage and walk over to the building which can be a hassle looking for an empty spot but they do validate parking at the gym! Also there was only one bench press station which can be an issue for some people. The biggest reason I didn't join was because its pretty pricey Buyer beware. The contract which seems like it's not one is worded in such a way that if you want to quit this pricey and dated spot you must do so in an exact manner. If you don't quit the right way they are very aggressive and unprofessional in collecting and aren't willing to work with you on a resolution. I stayed at the Hotel San Carlos and they are partnered with this gym. It's a block away from the hotel. Well equipt gym. I was able to have an excellent workout. nothing flashy - just a comfortable fitness environment with generally well maintained equipment and facilities. Love this gym.  Very casual and comfortable and the locker rooms are well maintained and tidy.  A great way to spend my lunch hour.  and easy to get to.  I wish there was a basketball gym.    They need to update a lot of their equipment." nice Gym... you can always get on some sort of cardio machine no matter what time of day that you go.  there is a pool and the monthly rate is not too terrible... i find the staff helpful and the place clean.  they could change some of their weight stuff but all and all not a bad place... and they even have a pool!  over the course of a few days I did see new equipment being brought in  they suffer from the after work crowd.  And sometimes in the crazy days of January and February parking (even with the large lot) can be impossible - I've turned around and gone home on a few ocassions.  But if you avoid those times  and the first thing I noticed was that the foot pads had major dirt and grime buildup... yuck. Made me wonder the last time someone went through there with a little 409. The shower and locker room facilities were ridiculously dated  let's be honest here. I never really was a gym person. I guess as you get older and stop playing sports  but I can't resist because of the cardio classes I love so much. ARRRRGH. It just sucks squirrel nuts that I have to show up AT LEAST an hour before class just to get a spot!" Bottom line:  If you're looking for a decent place to work out The only reason I keep coming back is because its open when I need it to be."  everything you need and usually no wait for machines. The staff is super nice and there are magazines to read while your there. If they could just turn up the AC a little bit and put ESPN on more than two of the TVs." although the skinny hispanic guy that looks like he thinks hip hop is super cool thats there in pre-6am hours is fabulous. he remembers your name  I don't see what all the horrible reviews are about. I switched here from LA Fitness and am so much happier. I never received the high pressure sales tactics for memberships or trainers that I did at LA Fitness. I like the layout and it's not overcrowded. Seriously  this one could use some updates and a bit more friendliness." so many to choose from. The pool is very nice and i have even taken the water aerobics class. It is fun even with the older folks.  The instructors never push you more than you should do. There are locations everywhere  but things are only getting worse at this juncture." I feel like I've entered an 80s gym!  Once you've been to a brand new 24 Hour location its had to visit one of their old locations.  This location is somewhat close to my house but I only go if I really want to work out.  Most of the treadmills don't work and a couple of the ellipticals make squeaking noises.  I wish and hope there's some upgrades planned for this location soon. The only positive is the classes. They are always enjoyable and the instructors are great!" Ummm...really? When some gym members have bolt cutters instead of fitness gloves "Too bad there's not an option for no stars. The only thing more atrocious than the fungal smell and lack of working equipment at this gym is the customer service. Today I cancelled my entire family's membership because I've had enough. After touring three other local gyms - I'm willing to pay the extra money to switch to one that gives a crap about its customers. Having had my membership for 11 years it's a sad move Thank you 24 hour fitness for helping me get fit! I could not be happier with the wonderful teachers and friendly staff. Taking my yoga skills to the next level thanks to instructors Brijet and Dave. Namaste!  it was a Saturday afternoon.. The second time I was given a phone number to call after 3 tries and 20plus minutes of holding I tried going back in again. The third time I tried the front desk guy said ""Just go work out and afterwards you can cancel"" An 45 minutes later... ""Oh sorry the manager stepped out you can come back later today if you want to cancel."" This place could not be more poorly run. Other then the convenient location and hours there is not much else positive to say about this gym. I would never recommend this gym to anyone." I absolutelyyyyyyyyyyyy love this place :) friendly staff and amazing trainers. I am considering driving the 15 min extra and going to the Dobson Rd location until my membership runs out." Can I give it no stars? Worst gym. Cardio equipment is old and usually broken. Everything usually broken. Staff sucks. Center caps from my wheels were stolen from the crappy parking lot.  it is gross and broken down.  There is always broken equipment.  You may have to hop machines a few times just to find one that functions.  They stopped giving you a towel so no one wipes down the equipment...ewww!  They never have paper towels or sanitizer in a place that is full of bodily fluids...ewwww again!  I remember the good old days back when it was ""the Q"" club...clean and fresh.  Can't someone please buy these exercise slumlords out and bring back the good old days!!!"  usually cardio. The place is very dirty and smelly. The AC never seems to be working. The front desk staff are usually to busy being on their cell phones or talking to other staff to acknowledge you.  I'm considering driving to 43 ave and bell. That is a nice one!"  you can tell the bottom line is the only thing he cares about.  I lost everything plus a $100 bill which was my b-day money and I've spent over a few grand for membership.  I did receive a refund for 3 months but still REALLY!  'Well you shouldn't leave stuff in the locker.  These people go to gym to gym.  We have signs that tell you not to leave items in the lockers""...ummm it was locked and I've been going here for over four years and have never had an issue until now. If you are having robberies  its not too bright as all the other 24 Hr Fitness I've been to. The locker room is big and spacious. They even have a cross-fit-ish area at the entrance with huge truck tires. Good location too on Camelback and 32nd."  if it wasn't for Mickey's Thursday night yoga class I'm not sure I'd make the effort to come to this location."  the staff is very nice and I get the workout I need so I'll be sticking with it for a while."  Brandon & RyRy are the fantastic!  I recently moved back to Phoenix from San Diego and even though I have been doing Zumba for a few years  and doesn't have a strange odor. It definitely does the job for what I need. Though its a little far for my taste  I've lost 10 pounds and am so much more toned.  My workouts are never the same.  I feel better than I have in a long time and I actually enjoy working out now!" "First time at this 24. This place is falling apart. The steam room smells like piss. The sauna is dark and creepy with the boards in the ceiling falling out. Doesn't seem like it's been cleaned or anyone's given a sh*t about  this gym in a while. For shame 24 hour fitness. Also. In California this would be considered a super sport  from those at the front desk to trainers and managers. I had an interesting experience that illustrates the caliber of those at the facility -- those who work there and those who work out. I accidentally left my tablet on one of the machines when I finished my workout.  I immediately called when I got home and the tablet was where I had left it. I doubt if this would have been the situation at any other sports club!"  and I am excited to shop for a wedding dress now! Thanks Andrew F. and 24 Hr fitness :)"  I just let the front desk know and they are very helpful.  I used to see so many ""out of order"" signs on the cardio equipment and I'm seeing less and less nowadays.  The bathrooms leave something to be desired.  There have been long-standing issues with backed up sinks and broken toilets in the women's restroom.  I've had my locker broken in to twice (once in Oct 2011 and once in May 2013) so now I just change at work and keep my bag with me rather than leaving it in a locker.  Management is aware of the theft problems  & everything else it could be cleaner.  Its in a very nice area of Phoenix so I'd expect the expectations to be a bit higher. The place for the most part seemed clean but they could've done better. The day I went was stuffy and warm  locker rooms are in a sever need of a remodel from 1986. Equipment is old and there are always 5-7 machines broke. Seriously What a cluster and a fiasco to get I to a class...people have old passes and different passes which mess up the number of people for the class. 3 of is tried to go to cycle class and didn't get a bike even with a pass and our name on the list. This is the worst location in the valley. I drove 10 mikes to get here...thanks for nothing you guys! I'm sticking to scottsdale. Just wish they had more options for cycle...  but unfortunately the facility ins constantly deteriorating at a faster rate than its being fixed.  With the constant new members  and the trainer Ryan is really helpful. I like that there's kids care for me and my husband. I like the classes for I sure would not wish to do any type of floor training on it" 2 fitness rooms for various courses. Not something I see much in California. This is a 2 story fitness center. Lower levels house the care center This review is for one of the trainers Ian S. I have been working with him once a week for a few months. I was nervous about having a trainer since I was still recovering from ACL surgery last year but Ian is very knowledgeable about sports injuries and has really accelerated my recovery process. His workouts are challenging and effective and he has really helped me tone up and increase my overall fitness level. Highly recommend!  encouragement and the appropriate amount of pushing me to the next level. Every session is different. One of the most important parts of training is to constantly improve and have fun doing it. That is certainly the case with Brian. I highly recommend this gym and Brian." 24 hr on camelback...equipment in very poor condition...rarely repaired...not worth it if u have a choice!  and of course no towel service.  The cardio equipment is old and most of the machines stick since the belts need replacing.  But I did sign up through Costco and it was cheap I love the 32nd street 24 hour fitness better than any other one I've been to because they have Rick Renzi as a personal trainer. This guy is hands down the best personal trainer out there!!! I've had a ton of personal trainers and fitness plans in my life but he's the guy that gives me the best results!  If you are here or in the area talk to him! He will take care of your fitness needs! I got passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it  but I'm happy at 24-Hour Fitness. Why mess with success?  I get my memberships renewed at Costco for $349.99 for two years.  I see my cousins as often as I want by planning a meeting Hated losing that four hundred dollars.   This life I guess  Probably the oldest 24 I've seen.  Still had the teal lining from years ago.  Walking into the men's locker room the sign is in neon red like in the 80s. The equipment is outdated but do have a few machines that I really like that never have used before.  The benches have a short support so it's kinda of weird reracking hoping it doesn't fall back down on you Very poorly maintained. In no way is this equipment state of the art...as claimed.  It's clear the BBB should reconsider!  Employees are late opening...really...it's a mess.  especially the membership advisers. Tell your friends to avoid them too. Just work out and then walk right by them." The most ratchet gym I have ever been too. Old and rusty machines. Dated interior. Not sure why people even come here  minimal variety of group exercise instructors. Bring ear plugs for the cycle class ( and I like loud music)!! No towels provided in the gym." The gym itself is pretty busy when I go and everyone is friendly. I always have a great workout."  showed us all of the personal trainer bios and made us feel great about our decision. It's because of him that we committed immediately. Unlimited child care  ask the question why you pay so much and on top of that have billing process regarding freezing at  24 Hour Fitness.  So they have my billing info so they start it back up with out even giving me the option  we checked out Planet Fitness and it is less than half the price with no contract and an awesome facility. That is where I am going!"  organized very well and generally friendly atmosphere. Les the general manager and the rest of the  staff at this location should be commended."  and it's clear it isn't cleaned very often. Kinda disgusting. And what's with the employee up front who is 100 pounds overweight? This is a health club to please corporate.   This location could care less about the health of their members."  etc. Pleasant surprise! It's a shame they'll be exiting the AZ market and that I'll be transitioned to LA Fitness." Ben in membership is great - go check it out and tell them Gabi sent you!" "I am with Gabi:) I have been a member here for 10 years.  This is a family gym with lots of activities for all ages The Village has a great feel and is If you're looking for a place to workout that is more than just a basic gym "I'll have to admit that when I learned of the $137 monthly dues I was a bit turned off.  I'm two days in on a guest pass and am completely convinced that at even 5 1/2 times more than LA Fitness  and if any of you yelpers are seriously thinking of joining and want some good karma  the word is gonna get out on this place.  Pretty soon we'll be waiting in line just like all the suckers at la fitness and 24hr.  Then what?  Besides $100 a month for a gym... thats just crazy talk.  Oh  i was invited by a friend and when i saw all the facilities i was very impressed. it is expensive but it is woth it." I think it's rather absurd that gym options in AZ are this or dumps like Bally's Obviously my massage therapist didn't show up until 9AM. That would be too bloody much to ask when one has a crippling back injury. Sure the massage was decent (not in price mind you). I just feel like my time and money are completely unappreciated and I absolutely will not return there. By the way I feel lucky to be able to work out at the Village. The yoga instructors are my favorite part about it - all or most of them are from At One Yoga. The equipment is state of the art & the facilities are very nice. Plus it has one of the best views in town of Camelback Mtn from the back patio/tennis courts! Village- I stay loyal and true to you!" I can't wait to go back and enjoy more classes.  You have got to stop in and enjoy this place.  This is place has earned the title health club.  It was absolutely amazing!"  tennis and there are loads of classes to take.  I like the zumba and the yoga...the food is nice and so is the pool.  There are always good looking people and it is pretty busy.  Overall one of the best places around to belong!"  and the men's changing room had an entertainment lunge with super comfy couches and a flat screen TV. I don't know that I'd pop a squat and watch the tube I left and now I am back after spending some time at LA fitness.  You get what you pay for.  I never should have left.   The place makes you want to stay and work out.  I never felt that at other gyms.  but what price do you put on your health & well-being?  For me?  Priceless."  even for someone who doesn't remotely consider herself a gym rat. Definitely take advantage of their free trial time to make sure it's the right fit for you "Don't let the comments on here fool you. I've been a member of this club for awhile and management of this club is only interesting in selling memberships. The people who run this club are the people on the basketball court. Let me explain. The club centers around the basketball court and everyone in the club is forced to hear the kids on the court yell They even have a lounge where after playing tennis for 2hrs. you can walk in & get a beer & order a decent meal..."  but little or no waiting for machines.  Classes are plentiful.  Great things for the kids." There are actually a lot of the amenities that I have not tried at the Village and would like to this year." Maybe I caught everyone on a bad day but I would suggest looking somewhere else unless you absolutely have to get your nails done um  healthy and you can definitely see that they enjoy being at The Village when they are there I have been going to this place since I was about 11 years old!  So that is about 15 years...crazy!! Just like Nadia said... The village really is a way of life and a lifestyle...Now it is not cheap to be a member...but that is up to each individual that is willing to pay the monthly fee.  I was a member before they did their huge renovation...there used to be a Garcias restaurant next door and that closed and they took over!  Their spa is beautiful...their restaurant and bar area is a nice place to grab a bite and enjoy a glass of wine...the locker rooms are beautiful and are very nice and clean!  They have so many classes and options for everyone! The trainers and instructors all have so much experience and they really know what they are doing...they have really set themselves apart from any other workout facility or gym...it is expensive but as long as you know what the costs are it is worth it...  you should also be able to feel gratitude and joyfulness wherever you practice.  So if you feel like some rock and roll yoga The downside for me was you have to walk past an open basketball court Definitely recommend the Village to anyone looking for a gym with many extras! It's worth the high price  The focus does not seem to be as much on quality as I would like for the money.   Some of the machines/ equipment are in need of an upgrade. Who wants to join 24 hour fitness ballys or any of the greasy chain gyms  equipment is gorgeous/new and it's relatively Centrally located in Phoenix. IMHO I think there are a couple of minor issues to this club but I think it's probably due to my lack of experience here and I need to adjust to this particular locations specifics. The cardio area can become very busy and you might have to wait for a machine because this location doesn't have as many machines as Gainey. The men's locker is gorgeous There are some people here who are in great shape. There are some people who are flat out awesome to chat with. The customer service is nice. I would club baby seals for some of the girls here to star opposite me in a romantic comedy.       However  it definately is not worth it in my opinion. From what I hear the poor quality is specific to this club. Other Villages in the valley are supposedly nice and a huge improvement from this place. They need to make some great improvements or I predict they are going to start losing several members." avoid this place like the plague.  you can find as nice/nicer gyms at 1/10th the price."  but whatever. I thought the layout was a little confusing as I had trouble finding the bathroom and there was no one around to offer me direction. However The Village has everything you could possibly desire in a gym. From tennis to yoga! The trainers are so knowledgeable and the group fitness class instructors are incredible.  The equipment is up to date and always available. This gym never disappoints. I have been to all the Village locations and they are all so great! Pilates with Julie rocks sR9lSQiTuBg8zsIw9Zd-Dg If you are looking for a top notch full service gym then this is it.  The amenities are great and the workout space is adequate.  The only knock that I have on the gym is the size of the weight room.  The cardio room has plenty of machines and the pickup basketball throughout the week is always fun.  and you can save a lot of dough going to LA fitness or another big box gym "Amanda's spin class is the best in the city!!! High energy advanced riders kind of class!!  If she wasn't there I don't think I would even be a member!!! Also "Great place for families The only thing I find frustrating is calling in to reserve space for Kinesis or Cycle.  Sometimes I call right at the start of the call in window and they are already full occupancy"  DON'T go here!  Absolutely NOTHING to do for kids under 14.  BORING!!!!!!  Basketball court is taken by adults.  Kids play area is sometimes used as a boot camp room.  It has no video games I had a manicure at village spa. Shirene Najm did a fab job. Well worth the $25. Ask for her! up 7.00. After a while I had to get to my workout classes earlier and earlier because parking got to be a pain. The weight room is crowded and had to wait to use weights and machines. The last year of my membership I was paying 145 a month  especially Thursday early and Sunday hour long class. Highly recommend the village even if you do not play tennis." The facilities are always clean and the staff is polite and professional.  This place is definitely worth the high monthly membership fees."  really thick head of hair followed by a pedicure with Rebecca. And did I mention that they give you WINE with you salon services!!!!  A little known fact - you DON'T have to be a member to use the spa or salon!  But membership has it's perks - you get 10% off!!" I think it's worth it and will continue to stay a member. Before I joined I read a review that said it's not just a club it's a lifestyle. I thought it was a pretty poxy review but now I have joined I understand what he meant and I completely agree."  and I've been going daily.  The steep price tag is worth every penny."  Tami is the best manicurist ever!!! I recently had a manicure and pedicure for a wedding I was in. I was a little worried that my manicure would chip before the big day because I am really hard on my hands. But lo and behold the polish not only looked beautiful for the wedding but still looked great 7 days later!!! That's amazing!!! And the pedicure sR9lSQiTuBg8zsIw9Zd-Dg I would recommend the DC Ranch Village. Much better!!!"  while a wise fitness and health restoring club it is not. Camelback Village promotes too much unhealthy practices and is simply not remotely worth it for those that have wisdom and understand what is going on. This place is especially scary for those with with impressionable minds like children and heavily western cultured adults and young adults. A place of this caliber should offer healthy The rest of the gym was absolutely packed. There were very few pieces of cardio equipment empty. I guess people in Phoenix have to get up early for workouts when they can't hid behind their coats all day like we do in Chicago." There is also an awesome bar overlooking the tennis courts...I could go on and on..." Have been members for over ten years. Great club and lots of classes and racquet sports too. The food service is decent and as a neighborhood club it is a great place to join. "I joined a few weeks ago and simply love it! The Pilates classes are so challenging- love them. Food- great! Pool-great! Cleanliness- cleanest gym I've ever been to! Can't give 5 stars because it's expensive  the basketball court which consumes the main body of the gym had to be redone twice (several weeks duration each time) forcing the fumes of sealant and dust to be unavoidable.  When the gym was fully flooded the drywall in areas was replaced but left to question if there were mold issues which they never addressed with the members to provide assurance.  The ladies gym jacuzzi does not seem to be maintained and is over chlorinated "I wish they would upgrade their cardio room. Their AV in cardio reminds me of a 1989 flashback. None of their treadmills have their own A/V... Even worse if you want audio you can read it closed caption because unless you download a ""radio"" app you are reading the audio on an old fashioned TV."  incredible facility and the food and spirits are better than you'd expect. Its a comfortable feel and although there are a number of notable celebrities and athletes "The family atmosphere rocks and it's a no brainer but three stars as the internet sucks. Don't even bother bringing a tablet to watch because the equipment has no updated tvs and such. No reception. Ridiculousness.   Cafe prices have gotten out of hand. What is happening here????  If lifetime fitness opened down the street "Why are there security cameras in the men's locker room shower area?  It's disconcerting to find this blatant level of privacy invasion.  Management simply responded by saying  and motivation was on point!! I'm super spoiled coming from canyon ranch and really hoping all the trainers and instructors are as impressive as her. My body was sore everywhere for next 3 days. She knows her stuff. I would wake up at the crack of dawn to do boot camp  we have experienced almost everything the Village offers. Free intros to almost every type of exercise Awesome club. Walked in and paid $20 for a day pass. Staff were friendly and welcoming. Outdoor pool great. Club clean. Highly recommend. Member since day one. State of art equipment. Great facility & mgmt generally ok. Great tennis facility & location. Just join & thank me later- you'll love it here!!!" Spinning.  Hardcore.  That about sums it up.  Give it a try if you want a workout that will totally kick your ass and leave you crying. This place might well be cited for disturbing the peace. On week-end mornings one can often hear the throbbing bass beat inside of other nearby businesses and even out in the parking lot.  The ambience reminds me of a low-rider with one of those souped-up stereos that you can feel coming down the road long before you can hear it. Seems like I've been front and center at punk rock shows that had less prominent bass lines than this place has on Sunday mornings.  but you really are missing out! If you like working out in a group without feeling like everyone is staring at you this is perfect because it's dark (with the exception of the occasional black light). Spinning at 360 is group exercise but like yoga it is individual with a sense of group support. It is drop saddle style This is active meditation; a totally elating Wow!!! I just took a spinning class from Ty and it was great! I had a knee replacement 10 years ago and have not been able to run since. I have done other cardio workouts but nothing compared to running. This class gave me that 'runner's high' I so enjoy. Ty is a sweetheart and very motivating. She uses a terrific mix of music too. As I tell my friends about Spin -- it's the one workout where you simply can't let yourself 'give up'....because once you clip your shoes in I'll finish out my month of Yoga classes next week and instead of signing up for another month... I'll find a different studio." I dont see how anyone can say a bad thing about this place I really appreciated the fact that Studio took my comments to heart.  This instructor was also slightly more fast paced  your legs moving and your heart beat way up. The yoga is in a separate part of the building and is very small space."  this is more PHYSICAL than I realized I could do.  The classes in the A.M. have the same poses and flows daily but it does NOT make it easier.  It increases my heart rate and has me pouring in sweat and sore the next day but it's not too much that it should scare off any other newbies like myself.  I'm absolutely addicted and really dig the instructors.  I will say I liked the studio the first week I went prior to the new decorating. Although the mural in the studio is lovely it just had a very modern and clean feeling before. I also liked it without the curtains.  Either way 6. It is fun and you'll be glad you came." I've been coming here for more than a year and would recommend it to anyone!"  I did my first class with at beginner and she was fine.  Just make sure you tell the front desk person that you are new and they will take great care of you!"  both types of classes are really reasonably priced compared to other local studios - not easy to find."  but most of them are if you are ready to work hard and have fun.  The instructors take song requests which I think is great because it motivates you to go to class if you know your request will be played and it makes the class even more enjoyable when you're jamming out.  I've been to other spin classes and have found nothing like Studio 360.  They ride drop saddle so there are is no sitting down on your seat except between songs for water breaks.  I've looked around at other fitness studios and this place offers the lowest rates for a great class.  Highly recommend." Thank you Studio 360." Best spin class I've ever taken. Been going here 3 years now and it just gets better!  but that's to be expected so it's really not a downside after all. I am a cheerleader for Spin 360. I back it."  it was the most fun I've had doing a workout. =)  Good job!"  but it is!  The music was really good and I had a lot of fun. The only thing I like better at corebalance was that you can wear your own tennis shoes and don't need to pay for special shoes."  that segment of the business ended a few months ago."  especially for a newbie but the instructor was good and it was a dark ride so I did not feel as awkward being new.  Every so often black lights turn on as the instructor amps the class up which is a fun touch.  The music is pretty decent as well.  I definitely got a workout in that is for sure.  The only thing I wasn't as much of a fan of was the fact that you have to clip in to the bikes.  They have shoes there for you to wear which is fine Spin cycling to great music with cool instructors in total darkness is awesome."  reliable (I've been to health clubs where the instructors don't always show up..not the case here!) Such a fun spinning class! I love how they keep the room dark and have the fans going during class. Also for someone who is 5 11 it's nice taking a class where the handle bars raise up high to protect your back during the workout! Will for sure be back next time I am in town!  instructor did not help the new students which is important when the spin class is NOT typical (I.e. standing the whole time She insulted me more than once and was mad when I didn't want to buy a $80 package instead of the $5 first ride. I don't care if there is a great deal Everyone is super encouraging and I will for sure be back - There was no instructor-led stretching at the end (vital!)"  they'd found my name. This time was just a few months later. This woman treated me like a grifter.  Said she'd 'do me a favor' and let me take the class this time but my fiance' would have to pay.  She continued to challenge me and I was ready to walk out.  I only stayed because again the instructor intervened but I will not be going back." Update: the owner contacted me to personally remedy my situation. She was beyond apologetic and eager to make things right which is exactly the kind of customer service a business should have. Changing my star rating.  Melissa and Lisa teach from the heart...with great precision...passion...and years of experience.  Kinesphere rocks!"  they made each of us (with varying degrees of experience and different fitness levels) comfortable. I will definitely be returning to Kinesphere and highly recommend it."  and it would seem to me that pushing the hardest gear possible contradicts that philosophy.  There are plenty of other classes to take if that is what you prefer." Love the gym.. BUT heres the dealio.. dont just sell me a membership.. I still dont know where everything is.. heres why.. The staff NEVER .. nope.. NOT EVAH.. gave me a tour.. I had to ask another fitness girl where the ladies locker room was!.. Some of the ellipticals need replacing.. But the gym is cool.. So.. theres at least a 3.. staff.. hmmmm.. (no comment!) Nice gym the workout area is clean. Although not sure if I would use the sauna or the pool. For the money and the casual workout you can't beat this value. The Saturday yoga class with Patricia is the bomb though!!!!!" "I visited this location for the first time last week. It's cramped because its ""under construction"". Go to the PV Mall location its much better." "This location is being completely remodeled and should be amazing when finished in late July.  If they added WiFi and filters on the water fountains Awesome gym..best la fitness i have been to...they really remodeled it nice with all new cardio machines in the old la fitness & added onto it with free weights and more by adding additional sq ft..it you came here before..u really need to check it out now..much much nicer.  Only wish they were open past 8 on saturdays and sundays..they close at 10 on fridays which isnt so bad..and 12 on the other days. "Nice new equipment. Not a bunch of arrogant Scottsdale punks like at the Hayden/Indian Bend location. And better music at this location than there. Plenty of equipment even when crowded. Members are cordial. Love it. Glad I don't need a trainer though Major Upgrade to this gym! Why can't the other locations be like this?"  pretty packed might have some wait times for your equipment of choice." Parking can be a little rough during the crowded hours Facility (excluding the ""teen dreams"") - 4-5 stars"  I'd be happy to take it to court and get my money back for the months of them billing me after I initially tried closing the account. Found out later  avoid it like the plague and do not waste your money here.  If you have no other alternatives just please avoid their child care services..."  pretty much most everyone else you are putting your own safety at risk  The GM prides himself on telling people if they don't like something they just have the option to go somewhere else.  Not to bag on everyone there  I purposely worked with the manager when purchasing my membership to avoid such instances."  but this location suffers from the same problem that all LA Fitnesses tend to suffer from; way too many people.  I workout in the afternoon.  Around 3:00.  The weight training area is always slammed.  I don't even want to image what this place looks like from 5:00 to 7:00."  lots of equipment and good choice of classes."  or find an elliptical machine. The prices are super reasonable and the equipment is in good working order. They also offer tons of classes from Zumba to yoga. If you're looking to join a gym "Sometimes I feel like I'm here more than I'm at home so it surprised me that I hadn't actually reviewed this place yet.  It's one of the bigger LA Fitness gyms I've been to so even when it's busiest I don't typically have to wait too long (if at all) for anything.  There's a huge cardio room when you first walk in and then the weight training is a separate area down a hallway.  Everything is kept pretty clean and if something is broken the staff is good about fixing it pretty quickly.  The staff at the front desk varies  only 3 lanes and hot water. After only a few lengths and I'm sweating.  This morning the chemicals were so strong that it burned to breathe and so I had to get out.  Then on to the locker room where  then this is your place.  As for me I really hope to find a gym that is not like this." But now I'm done and free of that headache of a gym." Customer service could be better.  I don't expect everyone to remember my name but a simple head nod acknowledging my existence would be nice." I tried to do zero Stars but it wouldn't let me." It is now July 14th and I still have not seen a penny back of the past three months I have been overcharged. My whole family and many of my friends attend this gym and I will be sure to tell them about this experience because clearly the staff here cares only about if they are getting their money and nothing else. As soon as my contract is up I will look into personal training somewhere else and so will everyone in my family."  and the trainers don't care much because LA Fitness doesn't pay the trainers what they are worth.  The parking lot can get really crowded The sales reps they call personal trainers are pushy and rude. I was told by corporate they are able to sell individual training courses but according to the folks here they can only do the one year training membership...stop lying to your customers!!" Apparently this location goes by it's own rules which is it's downfall. I'm more than happy to drive to a further location than to go to this pos gym." Staff could be nicer and a tad bit just a tad bit more welcoming and helpful! It's not as packed as it I'm the evening if you come early am. Just get your workout done. Ladies locker room I like! "What a great gym! I was with 24 hour for the longest time. Thank goodness I made the switch. It is so clean in here. It's also the biggest one around since it's so new. The staff is very friendly and not overly pushy about sales. Of course they're gonna try. That's their job. They offer great classes This is a pretty good fitness center. The hours are good and the facility is clean. Much of the exercise/weight equipment machines are older generation with some not very modern at all. This club is however one of the better than average fitness outfits in Phoneix. I do enjoy going here.  he smiles and says he's the manager. My husband says he needs to give us the number for whoever is in charge of him and he resists giving us any info to contact his boss. Finally he handed us a phone number and we filed an official complaint. Unfortunately we live near Anthem and there aren't any other locations close to us or we would have relocated." This location is fine. It has what I need for lifting  just to name a few) are outdated compared to the previous LA Fitness that I came from. There's a lot of classes from yoga to cycling that this gym offers so finding a class shouldn't be difficult. Most people playing on the basketball court seem to think that they're play for the NBA championship and most patrons don't wipe down the equipment/machines after they're done. There's the many typical gym stereotypes to you find at any gym  therefore it is always crowded but never had any issues with getting on the machines I needed to use. I have not had issues with the gym at all. No issues with getting onto the machines Back to the gym the spin class is the best. Try Nick class 5:30am mon-tue"  plus there needs to be more air flow in the weight area.  All the elliptical machines need to be updated. The tv's do not work all the time and the volume needs to be checked out."  until I can go to greener pastures."  who I assume was his boss pulled him over and yelled at him about his sales quota...in front of me! I was horrified that someone would direct their employees in such a manner especially I'm front of potential customers and on the floor!!! That broad needs a reality check!"  this location seems to be the best they have to offer aside from the foolish hours of operation!" Avoid this place like the plague... and also know that YELP does in fact work with companies you review if the company has some clout and complains about a specific review.  Yelp will modify I understand contracts. I understand cancellation  policies. Long story short they didn't receive my mailed cancelation notice ( they wouldn't let me cancel in office for some reason that day). That's my fault I should not rely on someone else to do their job. So I canceled at the moon valley location in person. Plus I cancelled my credit card but they have some agreement with capital one that allowed them to access my new account ??!!  so I continued to pay for kids club/daycare  while I was not a member. The club is overpriced unless you need a pool or want  to pay too much for one on one training. Try fitness1 at 7th street and union hills. I pay yearly and including daycare/group fitness it is around $15 a month.  The more you pay for the gym isn't going to get you more in shape. As always LA fitness guys won't let you cancel it with the usual manager not there story. The girl in the front desk(jan 2nd 8:10 pm duty girl) is so rude. "After they refunded my over charges I feel like I should update my review to reflect their follow through. My main problem was with the billing so as far as a gym it's good points are multiple locations "Tell everyone you know.......do not EVER join LA Fitness because they will not let you quit. We have been trying to quit for 3 weeks and it is not possible. They are a bunch of liars. First And if you have the chance to take Patricia's yoga class Avoid this Gym if you take your kids there. They are not Safe!!!" It is incredibly disheartening to learn that they care so little for their members after  a $2000 financial investment  of personal training."  it's a mile further from me than this one but the staff are more attentive to their customers." I'll NEVER come back."  cheat and steal to get you to sign a contract. They then lie about being able to end the contract and even lie about the fact that there actually is no contract! They did this to a disabled combat veteran and now refuse to even speak to us. We came in and said that we didn't want to sign a contract due to the individual's injuries involved but wanted to attempt a fitness regimen until unable to continue. We were told that we HAD to sign a contract and the only way to cancel it would be to contact corporate. We called multiple times to cancel the supposed contract and were told it was too difficult but after a year the contract would expire. The membership was used only a handful of times before the individual's injuries left them unable to continue. A year passed and the individual was still charged continuously. After communication with this location It is helpful for them to care your child." Yoga class at 5:45PM on Friday evenings is great!  Donatella is an awesome instructor.  You will leave feeling like you just had a great workout! So many other options for gyms or places to just do drop in classes for $5. Thinking of saying bye to this place. Get good class teachers and keep them and get your class equipment working." I explained to him that my wife and I are shopping for gyms and he suggested I get a membership or pay $15 to workout there for ONE day. My friend showed up and told them he had been a member for 2 years and that my wife and I were considering getting memberships. The trainer came to tell me that ""this is a business."" Awesome ""business"" move turning down someone that can potentially bring in two new memberships. I will NEVER be a member after I see how your treat potential customers...so petty. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE. Thanks for making my gym selection easier."  and super-sets are out of the question. Unless you're a cardio bunny you'll be fine; treadmills and ellipticals are always open."  it's closest location to my work so that is why I go here. There are better cleaner LAs out there." "" I had a free pass at the front desk."" The General Manager asked to hear the message and to see texts they were sending me to buy a potential membership. The General Manager has no professionalism and is clearly not qualified in being a good manager. Stay away from here they use underhanded techniques to get people to become members." "My step/sculpt instructor told us this morning that we were making her sad because we didn't count down the reps loud enough. I thought it was her job to get us psyched up Idk about the other reviews but I like this club compared to the other fitness clubs. My son who is less than 3 years old looks forward to the child care center they offer for only $15 a month. Everyone there pretty much minds they're own business and that's what people should expect going into a gym. All-in-all I like club. I was for the not happy with that experience."  not all the treadmills work and they don't have built in fans I've been a member of this gym for years and no  matter how many times I asked they will not bring in enough 45 pound plates.  it's like going on an Easter egg hunt just to find a few plates to do a workout  for whatever reason it's not the easiest thing to get out of. Once I got passed that part Wasn't a problem the day before. I'm a new member and forgot my key fob. Girls up front are a joke."  just don't go Monday morning. The clubs usually open until midnight so that's awesome." It's not fancy and there's no pizza here but it's a great value if you just like to workout!"  but I have enjoyed my experience at this particular LA fitness. Staff are friendly and helpful with signing up. I did a personal training session with R.D. Who was excellent. He is highly motivating and encouraging  that does not help when the place becomes over run with peeps. Then none of the equipment is available and being there is completely unproductive. Underhanded sales techniques are also quite obnoxious. My membership is now expiring. I will be going elsewhere. There are multiple other options in this area."  overpriced and can definitely be packed to the point where parking is a hassle and waiting to use certain equipment when needed." Only downfall is that I wish there were better ways for us to clean the machines. I  sweat like a waterfall and I try to do my best to clean b4 and after but It never feels clean because the paper towel drys so quick." "I have been a member at this particular location for almost 10 years but I'm getting very irritated by their staff and I'm about to leave. The front desk girls are beyond rude. I hate dealing with them. Sales people and managers.....oh god  definitely will never recommend that Gym to family or friends  visually unappealing and has the worst customer service. I did sign up and I love the one I go to now...but this one I will never step foot in again" Overall I enjoy the gym and think the equipment is suitable." This place is all about revenue and not really about helping you so be pretty independent." 