I'm just going to say sometimes you have to take a leap of faith and try things out despite reviews. Besides a misunderstanding when it came to the pricing of a specific hairstyle I requested I am more then happy with the outcome. Ask for Sara  but I also witnessed several other customers leave out with styles that they were not happy with. BIGNONS @ S. Tryon needs to really figure out how to braid styles correctly! JAMBO twists and havana twists are NOT done in the same manner as SENEGALESE!! Also witnessed several other stylists come in talking negative about the owner in front of clients- very unprofessional! I will never go to this place again--- PLEASE do your research... BEWARE!!!!" I recently moved from Charlotte to the DMV area. I tried finding someone to do my hair there & wasn't very happy with the outcome. I come back to Charlotte just so Kristy can do my tree braids. She is by far THE best. She takes her time and does very neat work. I love her! So I wanted to go somewhere close to my home and someone told me they were pretty good. Red flag one: lady told me my hair was too slick and short( which is not true) and I need to go smaller 165.00. I decided to listen to her. Red flag two: she started combing my hair with a small tail rattail comb and pulling it. Then the hair she was using to braid with was not divided evenly. As a matter of fact it was all over the place. Red flag three: when she started to braid she stopped in the middle of the braid about three minutes to check her phone. Red flag four: she left and went outside and I had no idea where she was going. Eventually I found out she went to borrow some hair from next door I guess. Red flag five: she checked her phone again. Final flag: she started braiding my hair and it was a mess!!! She told me my hair that was sticking out of the braids would have to be cut! What my real hair. Ummmm lady no! I gave her 20.00 and told her to take it out.  and I feel like this entire salon chain is a scam. I can't wear me hair down because I'm used to my braids being very full. It was a waste of my money. Please do not go to this salon. They will try and scam you for whatever they can. I even told the lady she was braiding awe fully fast in the back. She dismissed my clams  look elsewhere. Took my daughter to this location since it was within walking distance from our house. We waited for someone to say can I help you for approximately 10 minutes. At which point the lady who asked to assist seemed aggravated that we were there and was uninterested in what my daughter was requesting. Needless to say we left and went to her normal braider. This place is a mess."  I told them to rebook her with my younger daughter. Well Saturday arrives and the exact same thing happened. There was no remorse or compassion. These people have a lack of business sense and I am surprised that they have two shops in Charlotte. I immediately cancelled my appointment and called around. I am now at Elom's as they have a much better rating! So far so good. I would not go to Bignon's if you value your time!" Years. I always love how my hair turns out. The girls are great and they make sure you are comfortable. My go to place for my braids plus I refer.." tCKXSlsoLawfhY-CfRTOwg Very professional; worked to ensure I was happy with my hair. I will certainly be back. Was a little late starting but made up for it with fast service I was happy with. 