 and the hair dresser didn't even show up! The owner is the one who took my appointment. Somehow it got lost? They are a hot mess. I will never go here again!"  the customer service was soso but i would go back for either a cut or color and i would insist upfront no product and service upselling" This is a wonderful spa! They really accommodate your needs and are very attentive. The money is well spent and worth every penny! Very professional and yet so comfortable!  I will go back again and try a junior stylist. Parking is conveniently located across the street at the parking garage and they do validate. Prices seem to be on the high end for Pittsburgh but I suppose you get what you pay for! The salon is clean and comfortable. The staff is across the board friendly. Sign up for their email list and get offers for discounted services. Would recommend." Got an amazing facial here. I have been there for a pedicure and massage in the past. It's great.  nothing but a positive experience! Need the right person for your hair? Someone you can trust and make you feel like a new person? Go see Rachel I had an absolutely wonderful experience! My stylist knew exactly how to manage my crazy hair and she chose the perfect cut and color for me (I had a few ideas that she listened to but I pretty much let her have free reign over the appointment)  and I have never been happier with the outcome! I have heard horrible things about how this salon is managed and how they handle customer complaints. My dear friend right now is dealing with the owner of this salon. You would not believe how awful the things they have said and put her through. This is a small community - really poor business skills and treating people badly spreads like wildfire. I'm just going to say sometimes you have to take a leap of faith and try things out despite reviews. Besides a misunderstanding when it came to the pricing of a specific hairstyle I requested I am more then happy with the outcome. Ask for Sara  but I also witnessed several other customers leave out with styles that they were not happy with. BIGNONS @ S. Tryon needs to really figure out how to braid styles correctly! JAMBO twists and havana twists are NOT done in the same manner as SENEGALESE!! Also witnessed several other stylists come in talking negative about the owner in front of clients- very unprofessional! I will never go to this place again--- PLEASE do your research... BEWARE!!!!" I recently moved from Charlotte to the DMV area. I tried finding someone to do my hair there & wasn't very happy with the outcome. I come back to Charlotte just so Kristy can do my tree braids. She is by far THE best. She takes her time and does very neat work. I love her! So I wanted to go somewhere close to my home and someone told me they were pretty good. Red flag one: lady told me my hair was too slick and short( which is not true) and I need to go smaller 165.00. I decided to listen to her. Red flag two: she started combing my hair with a small tail rattail comb and pulling it. Then the hair she was using to braid with was not divided evenly. As a matter of fact it was all over the place. Red flag three: when she started to braid she stopped in the middle of the braid about three minutes to check her phone. Red flag four: she left and went outside and I had no idea where she was going. Eventually I found out she went to borrow some hair from next door I guess. Red flag five: she checked her phone again. Final flag: she started braiding my hair and it was a mess!!! She told me my hair that was sticking out of the braids would have to be cut! What my real hair. Ummmm lady no! I gave her 20.00 and told her to take it out.  and I feel like this entire salon chain is a scam. I can't wear me hair down because I'm used to my braids being very full. It was a waste of my money. Please do not go to this salon. They will try and scam you for whatever they can. I even told the lady she was braiding awe fully fast in the back. She dismissed my clams  look elsewhere. Took my daughter to this location since it was within walking distance from our house. We waited for someone to say can I help you for approximately 10 minutes. At which point the lady who asked to assist seemed aggravated that we were there and was uninterested in what my daughter was requesting. Needless to say we left and went to her normal braider. This place is a mess."  I told them to rebook her with my younger daughter. Well Saturday arrives and the exact same thing happened. There was no remorse or compassion. These people have a lack of business sense and I am surprised that they have two shops in Charlotte. I immediately cancelled my appointment and called around. I am now at Elom's as they have a much better rating! So far so good. I would not go to Bignon's if you value your time!" Years. I always love how my hair turns out. The girls are great and they make sure you are comfortable. My go to place for my braids plus I refer.." tCKXSlsoLawfhY-CfRTOwg Very professional; worked to ensure I was happy with my hair. I will certainly be back. Was a little late starting but made up for it with fast service I was happy with. Under new ownership after a few rocky years (original owner passed away last year).  Very friendly salon with excellent staff. "A friend referred me to Beautyworx a few months ago and I have been going regularly for manicures ever since.  Marie (the owner) has impressed me as an extremely committed and caring person for her customers as well as her staff.  I recently entrusted Chrissy (Marie's daughter) This salon is great! I see Christine and have been going to her for years for my hair and eyebrows. She knows how to make me look good! I moved to Arizona in 2010 and having been going to Christine ever since based on a recommendation from a friend. She is amazing with my hair and she is always on time :) the salon is beautiful and everyone is always so friendly! I would recommend anyone to her!"  asked for ombre and now my hair is black/grey.  thanks christine." "Christine is awesome! She has been doing my hair for years and always looks like perfection! Go see her!! (: Overall Got my hair do there today by Chelsea. She did an excellent job. She is great at color and highlights. Loved the way it turned out. Will be back for sure. Great service!! I've gotten hair extensions here multiple times and I always leave with exactly what I want! This is the place to go!  extensions and I've never once been disappointed. There have been times I wanted to change up my look and Krissy would give me a lot of different ideas and execute them perfectly! The staff is great This salon is very welcoming.  Krissy is an artist when it comes to cut and color.  She's also great to talk to.  I definitely recommend Beauty Worx!  I will see you again."  Cassidy. She gave me the cut I imagined and got my hair looking healthier than it has in a long time. I left feeling so amazing and couldn't stop looking a tmy hair. if you go ask for Cassidy she is AWESOME!!!!"  then stuck me under the hair dryer for 10 minutes for unto soak in. Once she started to cut and style my hair I could tell that she wasn't very experienced "Yep...I agree with the previous...absolutely gotta love them....attentive  She butchered my hair. I left with a Liza Minelli haircut. i merely asked for my hair to be thinned out (very think hair). I mentioned throughout the cut that i though it was going to be too short. The stylist assured me it would be fine because she was cutting from the bottom up. In the end  I know she and Marie keep an all star team of stylists in the salon ready to rock. I've seen many many awesome styles and happy clients leaving the salon!" the salon has a positive family atmosphere and was clean.  Sarah was patience caring and took time to consult with me to get a final result that was exactly what I wanted.  A great haircut and color. As a first time client Id recommend the salon and Sarah.  The receptionist is adorable. I look forward to coming back I love this salon- everyone is super friendly and Krissy consistently does a fantastic job! Wonderful salon. Been going here for over a year and always satisfied. Crystal does my hair and it always looks good. She's busy cuz she's so good but definitely worth it.  Love her!!!   And BeautyWorx also has pedicures and manicures.  Comfortable atmosphere." 