 the women there said that I was probably the fourth person who had had this same experience at this place.  I couldn't believe it.  This place is the worst  I just pretended like I had received an urgent text and said  charging $80 for my cut and hi-lights. I will admit that I had to wait outside the salon once when I was the first customer of the day  I dye it dark and mess with the color myself. ( never good)  If you want to know where to get a good haircut you ask someone with my hair. Since I have been going to Mane Attractions I have really LOVED my hair. I have been going there for about 4 years. Kristi was even able to cut my curly hair into a short reverse bob without making me look like i was wearing a helmet. ( you curly girls know what I am talking about). I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom( who is always honest) is impressed. The only complaint I ever have is that yes I'll just stick to my usual barber."  and generally get a cut that works fine for at least a couple of months.  They did a good job after I had a botched cut overseas (hairdressers in Japan are "i'm not sure why this place has bad reviews. its par for thecourse for supercuts. standard cut 16.95 is a bit pricy but they always do exactly what I say. i've simple hair so it works well for me. employees are generally nice  while one ""stylist"" cut the man's hair and 2 of them chatted in the back (ironically next to the chair where they do facial waxing). They must have been ""on break  but from what I remember this place seems completely average. The hair stylists seem nice enough and competent. The wait was a few minutes- I actually expected the wait to be longer because we came in on a Saturday. If I ever need a haircut (which I haven't gotten in maybe 5 years!) I went there today! The cut was terrible! I have an awful experience. They lady that cut my hair was nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head!  you can be in and out during your lunch break at work for $30 (or about $20 if you don't want the shampoo)."  I guess it just depends on who you have cut your hair. I waited about 15 mins and that let me see how the different stylists cut hair. I went with the one that did it how I like it."  and they actually do a very good job at minimizing the redness and irritation. My one complaint is that 9 times out of 10 I don't why people had bad experience I guess they might have new people working here. Cassie is awesome she took what I wanted n made it more awesome. I was greeted right away the wait wasn't long n the price was good. "This place does gorgeous updos for $25 apiece. My bridesmaids and I went there on the day of (with no trial run beforehand) and we all had beautiful hair exactly the way we wanted it. The hairdressers are so friendly and attentive and so accommodating in letting 5 of us take over their relatively small shop for 2 hours on a Saturday. I was so happy to find them Got my hair done in an updo (for only $25!!!!)  yesterday for my wedding.  they did amazing!  they listened to what i wanted and although it took quite a while (i have really long hair) she spent the time to do it right and exactly how i wanted it.  great service!!   The price is not high but the quality is!  her mastery is bizarrely affordable. Forever bookmarked. (Note: street parking can be fairly difficult to find on S. Highland so scour the smaller adjacent streets for a free 2 hours.)" Rosemary is amazing for updos. Only $25 a piece but great attention to detail! "I went in to get a haircut. Never been here before and had no preference as to which beautician did it. The place is fun! Mainly due to no nonsense people that work there. It isn't a glamorous spot like so many other salons in shadyside  and on top of the latest styles and trends. The atmosphere is relaxed and beautiful. It's a great place to go to feel welcome and pampered. They have a great boutique with the latest accessories and top of the line hair products."  of Dean of Shadyside and other ""chain"" hair places I felt welcome and comfortable as soon as I walked in. Everyone who works there from behind the counter to those doing your hair are friendly Had my first haircut with Adeste and I loved it!  She is the best...I'll be back soon. I have been coming to the Carrick Cost Cutters for several years and have had Valerie cut and color my hair all those years.  She is professional and talented.  I get what I need and am very pleased with my styles.  My husband uses this salon but he does not limit himself to any one stylist and he is pleased as well.  and there were 3 available beauticians in the back. I complained and got waited on right away. I thought the customer always came first. Why would they want to risk a customer not coming back. I mean I can just go down the road to Borics. These women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs. I won't be back. DISAPPOINTED...:("  perfect hair cuts. I've been going to this salon for the past year Great stylists and a great location! Every stylist makes you feel at home. You can call ahead so you don't have to wait long in the salon. Stylists are knowledgable in current styles and great at color! I love coming to this salon!  and the hair dresser didn't even show up! The owner is the one who took my appointment. Somehow it got lost? They are a hot mess. I will never go here again!"  the customer service was soso but i would go back for either a cut or color and i would insist upfront no product and service upselling" w16jpVr-b-0gd6YHwnIarg Always leaving incredibly happy  here's your chance! (I hear there's karaoke at the Apple on Tuesdays...)" In the end I am very excited to enjoy my next haircut here in October. I've definitely found my new stylist and salon!!" 05l84gPaZX2IWaIaoAq3hg "Great salon!  The staff is always very friendly and welcoming. I've been here three times so far and have always left feeling beautiful!  Make an appointment with Karen  put a plan in place and now we have a routine that is perfect for me.  She gives great cuts and THINS my hair the way I like it!  She's nice and friendly but not overly talkative.  I enjoy all of the people at this salon.  They are young and hip and friendly and knowledgeable.  I would recommend it to anybody who is looking to for a positive experience." I don't think I'll be going anywhere else for a long time because of the positive experience I had." "I've been going here for over 7 years!! Best salon in Pittsburgh. Ask for Marissa. I promise you won't be disappointed. It's a clean "Book with Dessa. She fixed my ombre disaster that I had with an expensive downtown salon. She took her time with my hair and didn't rush me and I didn't stay for more than 3 hrs there. I love my new sombre (subtle ombre) look for the summer. She listened to my wants and told me what she was doing while prepping and placing the colors in my hair. My hair was a project  especially during wedding season! They have a fancy private room where we could all be together and enjoy breakfast while getting beautiful. They planned well and had everyone's hair and makeup done in the estimated timeframe. But the most important part is that everyone looked gorgeous and was very happy with their look. Between the bride  but now look like a 70s rock star.  No hair on the sides and long on the back!" 05l84gPaZX2IWaIaoAq3hg  uneven ends that stick out at all different lenghts. There are also bleed marks of color noticeable in the hair line. The worst of it is the damage caused by being over processed. I have severe breakage everywhere especially at the top. I now have a ton of hairs sticking up at the top of my head and my hair over all looks frizzy and fried. It continues to break. I went and showed Sergio the owner who laughed when he saw it saying it was new hair growth "Such a great place! I am new to the area and wasn't sure where to go to get a good hair cut and highlights. I have short hair and am not always able to find a hairdresser that understands how to give me a stylish (not boyish) haircut. I saw Dessa and she totally got it. She knew just how to give me the right cut and highlights combo that I absolutely love! Plus Purchased the groupon for color and cut. The stylist did a great job. Would definitely return and recommend.  I wasted time getting off work early to come to a salon that refused the service they scheduled me for. What a complete waste of time. If you don't do something make sure all your staff knows that. It's a shame to get this bad review because you dont have the confidance i your staff to do a proper hair cut" What an absolutely amazing experience today!  I discovered this gem through Groupon and I was truly blown away.  Everyone from the initial greeting to Brit C. stylist gave me the red carpet service.  Brit made amazing recommendations and I could not be happier!  Sergio's is in a league of its own. Karen cut my hair and she was great. Spent a lot of time going over the cut I wanted and making sure she understood what I was looking for. At one point I got a little nervous about the way it was turning out so she showed me how to style it. Perfect. Will definitely go back next time." Emily did an amazing job cutting my hair and really paying attention to details and teaching me about my hair. Even though I used a groupon I was treated like a fully paying customer and she even spent extra time blowing out my thick hair. I'll be going back for sure!!  and fun style while she's bringing my hair back to healthy from being damaged. In just two visits my hair looks and is so much healthier." "Sergio and the ladies get ALL THE STARS. I love this place and have been a loyal client for years. Sergio takes great care of my hair  and she was amazing! She really listened to how I wanted it fixed while giving her professional opinion and ended up fixing my roots to be the same color as the rest of the color  both when she got it cut and when she got it colored.  For some reason I continued to go the Supercuts to get my hair cut even though the price wasn't much difference.  I finally decided to give Bri a try at my wife's insistence and I'm glad I did.  Bri does a great job on my hair and I would recommend her if you're a guy in need of a great haircut.  I should have started going to her a long time ago.  Obviously my wife highly recommends her too."  and he has always gone the extra mile to make sure everything t is exactly the way i want it to be. There are two things that i really love about Sergio's Salon that i feel sets him apart from other high-end salons: 1.) You get a quality service without all of the holier than thou attitude. Nothing is more irritating than walking into a salon to find that you are being ignored by a 20 year-old botoxed Klingon who thinks she's a big deal. 2.) Sergio has integrity. He makes customer service a priority and really wants everyone to enjoy their experience. Make an appointment!" Loved the service at Sergio and style by Bri! She's the best! My cut and color are always perfect. I was looking for a new salon and I tried to book an appointment with Sergio. I was told I need to leave my credit card number with them or a cash deposit. NO WHERE EVER have I been asked to leave my payment information with a salon just to BOOK an appointment. They told me it was it was because I was booking with the owner. I've had appointments with salon owners and NEVER had to leave payment info. They told me that if I didn't show up for my appointment they would bill me 50% of the services. Why would you assume someone wouldn't show up to an appointment right off the bat??? I could understand if I was an existing unreliable client that you would require that. Some of us aren't from a ghetto and actually grew up with some tact and class and the ability to show up to an appointment and or reschedule if there is a conflict. Ridiculousness... I'll take my business elsewhere. I'm new to the area as of last August had tried a few salons and was not happy with my results . Had my first appointment today with Emily and am thrilled! She discussed with me what I was looking for and was so easy to talk to. I have short dark hair with blonde highlights and I couldn't be happier with results. Everyone at salon is friendly and professional. I have found my new salon ... And stylist! Thanks Emily! Sergio did a good job. I wanted blond and now I'm blond stuff is really friendly and helpful. I recommend  gave me honest feedback that they looked unlike any lashes I've ever had...and that it wasn't a good look.  That was supported by numerous other comments throughout the next day at work.  Within 24 hours  I guess I was too busy watching in horror as he blunt cut horizontal layers into my hair (exactly the opposite of what you're supposed to do with curly hair). The owner clearly has no idea how to cut curly hair. And he's overpriced to boot. The other stylists may give better cuts We have been going here for the past six years since we moved to the area (can walk to).  There is no one better at haircuts or color and the owner is fabulous.  I've been having my hair highlighted for 20 years and this is the only place that really gets it right.  I've been to high end salons all through the city and this one is top notch all around...would go here over any place. I get so many complements since I've been going to Geno Como Salon!"  I could never get the correct looking highlights lowlights until I found Lisa here (I'm 44!).  My hair has never looked so beautiful and I am so glad that we found such a great place.  Everyone is so friendly and I love coming here as the salon has a light and airy look to it which is very relaxing Proceed with caution.." xmyWUwZtjPK6xLdNuAUxaw  I should have went with gut feeling RUN but I didn cause this was part of my Mother's Day gift. I told Geno I donate my hair to locks of love and showed him how much to cut off. I've been donating my hair for years and I know how much to cut. Geno told me I should donate my hair to Pantene and preceded to tell me why he likes them better than locks of love. Told Geno thanks for your input but I donate to locks of love. He put my hair in a ponytail got out his electric trimmer and preceded to cut off my hair. All the salons that have cut off my hair used scissors. Weird !  He cut way more than I showed him the back is so short the front is longer and the hole cut is choppy all different lengths. I don't know what to do with this other than wear a hat for a few week. Thank God my hair grows fast. This man clearly should retire. I wish my daughter would have read the reviews before we went there and she would have seen Geno can't cut curly hair. We got there at 2pm and Geno took my daughter right away Amazing! Have been going to Geno for years! My entire family goes to him and so do friends! He does an amazing hair cut every time! Way to go! "The staff was friendly and they did a great job styling my teenage daughter's hair for an event.  However CAUTION: This store is located in an odd strip plaza.  Don't park in the one way parking area or you will get stuck in traffic.  Park in the area between the PNC and the Bruesters.  You may have to walk an extra 5 feet  call ahead and request Kevin.  Most Supercuts staff spend 12-15 mins. on a mens crew cut and the results are often questionable at best.  Kevin takes his time Get what you pay for with a cheap  priced haircut.  Average cut.  Fine for the money.   If you care about your hair this isn't the place for you.  it looked like a Lucy lu bang. The back cut wasn't even shaped up or even given a hot towel as requested. My hair was left damp and wet enough to leave a water mark on the back of my shirt. It was pretty embarrassing to get up and walk towards the waiting area to see the guy who she was rushing for. My money wasn't good enough to get a full service here in this place clearly." Good Cut   Great Price.  my hair was cut in two divided stacks. There was no continuancy from one stack to the other and it was obviously two divided layers and looked horrible that even an amateur like myself could have cut better. In addition I asked for a straight line for the ends and yet there were so many pieces that Tiffany missed and did not form a straight end. I was devastated after I got home and looked at my haircut." I've been taking our child here for a few years and we absolutely love it.  The ladies who work there treat him like a little prince and are so kind and gentle.  We have always been very pleased with the haircuts and will keep returning! "I love this salon and all of the stylists working there! Some of the most talented stylists in Pittsburgh are right here under one roof. The prices are great and there are so many products lines to pick from. All of the stylists are knowledgable in all areas of hair including cuts "Have been getting my hair cut and highlighted here since high school and unlike many salons in the area this one has really done a consistently great job. Occasionally bad apple gets in but by next appointment that face isn't seen among all the familiar faces that I have been seeing for the past ten years or so. Prices are fantastic  or interesting with your hair then McN Salon is your choice in Pittsburgh.  I had been dreading finding a new sytlist in Pittsburgh since moving here Definitely a good find - thanks yelp!" I have scheduled a follow up appointment and I will continue to see Jessie at MCN for the forseeable future."  and is all around a great stylist.  I have also heard only good things from friends who have had other stylists at MCN.  I am so sad to have had to move again and leave MCN  but I think its worth the expense to have a confident new style." Wendy & MCN--I will be back for many more visits!! :)"  I anticipated the opening of his new salon in Shadyside. Jim and Lisa (owners) are two of the finest people I have ever met. They always have a smile on their faces and know how to treat their clients making them feel like they're home. Furthermore  I found MCN as I was searching for a new hair salon.  I took the advice of previous Yelp-ers and made an appointment with Kara.  I've gotten numerous compliments on my hair All in all - 2 thumbs up."  but are not super pushy about it.  The receptionist could use a little bit of an attitude adjustment - I swear she sighed and rolled her eyes at me when I said I didn't want my receipt."  the prices are very high with mixed results.  Ask about how much experience people have because there are some people with little experience (less than one year). I think Nicolette is the best- has good experience and she did a great job.  Tried the owner Jim and hair came out brassy orange instead of blonde.  When came back to have it fixed PS. Definitely take the elevator--you actually have to. Stairs only go to the 2nd floor "This place is amazing! The level of service you receive there is outstanding. Jim  I felt like they didn't really know how to style curly hair.  My hair was half dry and they were trying to slather on some gel As a ""hint"" though - park on the upper level of the parking structure and not near the Whole Foods."  I hadn't been able to get a decent haircut in Pittsburgh (I've had to wait to go back to California to cut my hair).  I've actually tried this salon prior to getting Kara and I left very unhappy (my hair looked like it hadn't been cut at all and I had to pay $50+ for it).  However  and now I'm stuck with an expensive product I can't use. I called bumble and bumble and they told me that the product I use has been discontinued.  All my previous salons in other cities would have honored a return in this situation.  I won't be back to MCN."  but it seems like others had great experiences."  which is a big plus for me.  The stylist did a great job of giving me pin curls and incorporating the hair accessories I wanted to use.  I went back a few months later for a haircut with a different stylist.  The hair cut was fine "This is the first place in Pittsburgh that has gotten my hair right. They were courteous  welcoming place. Josie the bulldog has got to be my favorite part. They are always really friendly and smiling and the atmosphere is really relaxing The salon is beautiful and convenient with Whole Foods being next door. The only challenge is if you are new to the salon. It's on the top floor above Starbucks and can be a little hard to find. You will need to take the elevator to get there. But once you are in the space  I gave her advice about skin treatments that would be right for her and she explained what kind of cut would be best for me. I asked about extensions because I have been curious to try them but she said the clip on ones would be better for my hair type. I appreciate that she gave me the truth straight up. I don't want my hair getting damaged after the things I have done to it! She gave me a modern chick look that I love The salon itself if reasonably priced; about $35 for a men's haircut. It's very modern  the little things count as well. I will say though that they do seem a little pushy with product and the product may not even be the best one for your hair. I know salons can make a great profit off of product from the show Tabitha's Salon but this can ruin your experience at MCN after an awesome haircut color treatment."  and completely adored her. She was very personable and had constructive advice on my hairstyle.  She definitely was able to come up with the perfect style to frame my face just by listening to what I wanted.  A picture wasn't even necessary. Definitely would recommend her.  Also the salon is beautiful with a gorgeous view.  Staff was super friendly."  love them!  I went to Nicolette earlier this week after reading some of the reviews on her for curly hair - spot on!  She knows what she's doing with them curls.  While I've enjoyed the other stylists that I've had at MCN "I just moved to Pittsburgh and checked out MCN based on some Yelp reviews and its convenient location to my apt. I had a GREAT experience. The stylist I had Bottom line: MCN is a great salon in the Burgh  the blow out she gave me was so glamorous. I've never seen my hair look like that before! She was really patient and explained the products and how she was styling my hair. I would recommend her to anyone. She's really professional and great at her job!"  I can now say that I'll CANT WAIT to be going back to Stephan Szabo's in Peters!  That's worth the drive  me and my mom were pumped! We called to make appointments together and the receptionist was rude! Not what i would expect from a high end salon. Anyways we got appointments together at 6 for a wednesday. The salon is pretty and clean with great views. My mom and I went in for haircuts only .. And we had a similar experince like Catilin. Different people wash and dry your hair. I wanted a short bob haircut with lots of layers. What i got was about  2 inches taken off and no layers. I thought since i had a senior stylist isd be in good hands. Wrong! Also they are very pushy with products which ruins the experince to me. I do color my own hair (why pay $60+ when i can do it at home for $7?) and my stylist asked about my color because  i do like the underneath of my hair darker. When i said i do it i thought i was in beauty school .. And she proceeded to go on about how bad it was and about deep conditoners. Ive been coloring my own hair and using deep conditioners for 4 years! Anyway my mom liked her haircut but due to the experince it wasnt worth the drive or my 10%tip to my stylist."  so I'm willing to pay for great work.  2.  Several times people have tried to up sell me product or treatments during my haircut color.  I would appreciate if they give me these choices before the haircolor cut begins and not spring them on me mid-appt.  The last thing I want to do when I'm there is spend more money.  3.  One receptionist is not very pleasant to deal with.  She is often too busy to help you "Excellent Salon.  I went to Kara for curly hair as Nicolette was not available (this was my first visit:  I recently moved to PGH and used these Yelp reviews to help me pick).  She was perfect:  friendly  even though I have been getting highlight for years and never have had all over color. The all over color was not right for me and often left my hair brassy looking. Finally Oh and I might have booked an appointment in 8 weeks. I figure it costs less than an eighth and keeps me just as happy :)" "I first starting going to Sara Karpiak for my hair after a horrific cut at supercuts (I should have known better to go there in the first place). Anyway Sara was able to fix it and I am still not sure how she did  for $50 I expect a little bit better service and a little bit nicer treatment. Oh  although i got to see the other models' finished hair as well  so don't expect low prices like those that you might find in the burbs.  Kerastase and Bumble products make my hair very ""Pantene-esque"".  Sara is creative  neither could have been bothered.  One didn't even look up from the computer.  After waiting I told the first girl that I was a new customer and interested in booking an appointment.  She offered me two different stylists by name with no other information.  She didn't offer to set up a consultation or make any statements about levels.  So I guess I was supposed to chose a stylist because of their name?  When I asked for a little more information she just stared at me  so it's not cheap. The relatively high cost is the one bummer about MCN. But if you can spend $200 on color and highlights call MCN and book an appt with Lacie. You won't be disappointed!"  but Leslie pulled it off effortlessly. I very highly recommend this place."  rebooking I had an exceptional experience.  If you are looking for a salon and stylist in Pittsburgh "Let me start by saying that I moved here from out of state and adored by prior stylist and salon so I knew finding someone here was going to be tough. I went to MCN on the recommendation of a fellow bottle blonde and over the course of more than a year and half "My stylist (Abbey) definitely knows how to do my hair exactly in the manner that I want. Everyone at MCN are really nice and friendly. It may be a bit pricey I highly recommend this place and cannot more strongly recommend Margeaux!"  professional and he makes the appointment a lot of fun. Somehow the time flies even when you are sitting there for an hour and a half.  I highly recommend booking an appointment with him  and they do a good job. But for me personally getting a haircut wasn't a relaxing experience I deducted 1 star because the first haircut I received was objectively not good."  Kara donated services and product for an event I was promoting.  Now someone (a winner from the event I hosted) has the opportunity to experience Kara.  Win Win all around.  Thanks Kara and the staff (front end Bottom line- my experience wasn't horrible and wasn't great."  the two bulldogs are a mainstay in the salon.  So cute!"  they charged me 25 bucks more for the blow-dry without telling me. I wish I didnt go there for the color.."  to blonde! & It turned out amazing. I think my request could've very easily been botched but they did a fabulous job and care a lot for the health of my hair which was nice. All the bleach could've really done a number on my hair! I would recommend this place to anyone!"  and told me her honest opinion about what she thought it needed and the best kind of cut for me. It was perfect! I'm so happy someone finally took the time to actually give my hair a good look and tell me what it needed. I will definitely be going back!"  specially at the reception area where they had beverages and pastries."  the ambiance is WAY better at mcn and I am def considering returning if I still can't achieve the ombre color I want with Kim.  The place is so darn cute that I will probably still pop in every now and then for a blow out."  and styling.  Note that you don't have to get the top level of stylist to get a great do.  Margeaux is my stylist and she definitely knows what she is doing.  I get consistently good haircuts and color time after time.  Pricey?  Somewhat.  Worth it?  Yup." "Let me first start off that I had a good and bad experience here. I'm from out of town so I got lost going to my appt and called saying I would be 15 min late which they said was fine. When I got to my appt (scheduled for a blowout) Margo asked what style I wanted and I said volume and big curls. She said she couldn't do big curls because it would take too long and she only had 30 min. Because I had arrived late my service was cut short. I was FURIOUS. She went to go check if someone else could do it. So the receptionist came over and said that most clients arrive on time and that Margo could do what she could and I would have to do the rest at home. I went bananas On her because for being such a nice salon they certainly didn't have the customer service to go along with it. And isn't the customer always right?? There was absolutely no type of accommodation from Margo or the receptionist. My husband got his haircut there also ( and my sister in Law got a blowout  she kept cutting off more and more until my hair was three inches shorter. I had heard so many great things about this salon and gave it a fair shot... but was very disappointed!"  it'll definitely be in part to Margeaux and the staff at MCN!"  and will definitely make an appointment to see Jenna in another 7 weeks!" Only downside is that the salon is a bit pricey and they do not accept Amex or tips on debit credit cards I will definitely be going again and probably very soon!"  but to be completely fair I was pretty happy with their service until now. I wouldn't recommend this salon for color however if you're younger or looking for something more than a basic dye-job and make certain that your appointment is booked correctly beforehand. As a side-note their tipping policy is also outdated and nonsensical. Make sure to bring cash."  which is not a good idea. I am allergic to dogs and there are people who don't like dogs. All the staff was nice and courteous. Though we like the services but we are not going back again because the owner has no manners and was very rude." The salon is beautiful. The staff is helpful. And Leslee is the best! I highly  recommend MCN and Leslee. 2 co-workers of mine now go to her and they are both very happy as well!" I'll definitely be going back!" "I just had my first appointment this afternoon. I must say I had a wonderful experience. The salon was beautiful and everyone I interacted with was so friendly & accommodating. My stylist  I had less than stellar experience with getting my makeup done with airbrush. Not only did the woman give my sister-in-law attitude on her wedding day because she didn't like how her make up was looking  in a beautiful location  and has a well equip staff?! The prices may be higher than what you're willing to spend but the results will far outweigh the price. Jessy was the stylist who cut and colored my hair. She did an absolute stellar job and I would 100% recommend her to anyone reading this. She is super friendly and darn good at her job! After 3 years of searching My stylist was Jessie and she was a treat. My hair looks and feels amazing My hair looks and feels amazing. I don't know what level Ashley is but I paid $170 for cut  in which she asked me whether I planned to relax my hair. My only intention was to have my hair blow dried and straightened. Stylist then told me that she didn't know how to do my hair and wouldn't do my hair unless it involved a relaxer. I ended just leaving. So Warning for those with curly hair  which is a steal for how seldom I get my hair cut and also how long and thick it is"  but thank you to my stylist for a great cut. 5 stars for you." "Always extremely happy with my haircuts and color here.  Very professional.  Love the atmosphere * Remember to bring cash for tipping- you put it in an envelope with the stylists name on it when you pay at the end" So for anyone who also read the negative reviews and is getting nervous.. Just know that I didn't see any of that and I'm very happy with the colour and cut I received."  Ashley's mother was waiting to have her hair done by her daughter and seemed to be staring me down with daggers even though I had an appointment with her and was paying good money to have my hair colored and cut. Ashley was completely overbooked and complained to me about being too busy and frantic--NOT something you want to hear from someone styling and coloring your hair! I felt very uncomfortable and like I was putting her out by even being there. I understand that coloring takes time  color and had a blow out with him. I've been happy each time I've been in. You must say I sent you! He's amazing:)"  but if I'm going to pay that much (which I'm OK with) I feel that the stylist should be giving a higher level of input as far as what looks good and really personalize the cut. McN does all the business things wonderfully - friendly  she was completely lost on how to even approach cutting my hair. She also kept asking me about my accent and where I was ""really from"" despite having been born and lived in the US my entire life and speaking perfect English. She seemed pretty confused by the idea of an Asian person being born here. Overall "Love this place! I recently moved to East Liberty from Greensburg and I decided to try it out since it's pretty close to my house. The interior is nice "Went to get a haircut yesterday and had big expectations for this place since I read the Yelp reviews. My hairstylist was friendly but gave me a really bad haircut. It is not even and the layers don't compromise my hair texture you will go out of them happy i had try the Brazilian blowout and it was great and i did a hair cut and hair coloring every thing is just great.  or water. However it wasnt until half way through my appointment that I got it. The staff wasnt overly welcoming either which surprised me even more since I was a new client. Maybe I'm spoiled having such amazing salon experiences in Boston. However Congratulations! Your appointment with MCN Salon is confirmed for Wednesday "I have been coming here for several years!  Laurie and Katie are both extremely friendly!  Katie does a fabulous job styling my hair  and comfortable atmosphere. They are very friendly and extremely professional.  Everybody goes to ""The Strip""  now and then-take a little stroll up the road and see what I'm talking about."  talks to you like you've been friends for years.  I brought my sister in for a keratin treatment a while ago and she too is now a loyal customer of Katie's.  It's just a great place." Best haircut ever!  And the ladies smell nice too.  coloring and basically an awesome place for your hair! A down-to-earth place I return to over  and make you feel very comfortable while you're there....even offering up the owners homemade red wine to sip while they style!"  I finally settled on Cardamone's. This salon caters to customers of all ages and types from Downtown businessmen to students at the nearby Point Park University. The styling tools and products are top of the line and always leave my hair with a beautiful finish. The staff are very friendly  I'm glad I had the experience BEFORE what may have been the worst nail experience of my life.  Imagine how the ""personal problems"" may have affected the work.  I called the salon to let them know of my disappointment in being left high and dry.  They simply didn't care.  They lost a customer....not just for nails  and I was told that I could not given the student discount on that since I had graduated already.  Give me a break.  Funny how my discussion with the hairdresser was relayed to the receptionist when it favored the salon.  I didn't go back after that one.  Watch your bills carefully here  they don't push products on you and they are good at what they do. Highly recommended." I have been in Pittsburgh for 5 years and hopped  from one salon to another as nobody could ever get the kind of hair style that looks good on me until I met MARISSA.  The style of cut she gave me just made me look chic and  20 years younger !  I would definitely recommend this salon !!! JoJo is the best for tape-in extensions! She is also amazing at color changes and cuts! I've always had a hard time finding a place that would listen to me as well as they do at this place! My favorite place to get my hair done in the Burgh PERIOD! If you want a hairstyle that doesn't make you look like you're a yinzer this is the only place in Pittsburgh to go. So go there. Emily is great.  still had a red welt 3 days later. She also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary. Eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $18. Do not go here for waxing!" "PATTI IS THE BEST FOR MENS CUTS!! I have always been a little bit of a salon snob  every salon I tried wasn't able to nail the color I wanted. My first visit to Cardamone's I had my appointment with Emily. She's amazing. I showed her a picture of what I wanted and she did exactly like the picture showed! My hair is now a gorgeous red color and I get compliments everywhere I go! I just went back yesterday to put some more red in I loved it!  I had Katie and she was wonderful and even though I did not have a complete idea on how I wanted my ombre to look it turned out amazing.  They were all super friendly and welcoming.  I moved to Pittsburgh not too long ago and didn't have a new salon to go to and this was exactly what I was looking for and were price range was perfect considering.  I would recommend them to anyone. What a 5 star salon! From the moment Jill greeted me to the magnificent glass of wine I had a great experience!  Kathy did a super job! (shampoo and flat iron my hair) In and out under 2 hours! Next time I'm in Pittsburgh definitely making another appointment! Emily was awesome! She cut my hair during her break and made it look fantastic. She was also very sweet. "I took Nolan C's advice and had Patti cut my hair. No doubt the best cut I've had since my regular girl is no longer available. Patti did a great job  you must give Cardamone's a try! Emily has a great vision with hair and does a beautiful job. If you like to get your nails done  and DEFINITELY have my business!"  what else is better than hearing that! I will be looking into that soon!"  customer service and sheer brilliance made the entire 3 hour or so experience such a memorable one. The girl is a STAR! Sheer talent far bigger than the city she resides in! Catch her while you can before someone's stealers her to another state or something  coffee and plugging my meter!  Thanks JoJo is awesome. She takes the time to explain how to do your hair yourself. A magician with eyebrows. Made my highlights look so natural. When a salon offers you wine while you get pretty  I checked out Cardamone's as my previous hairstylist left the business. Boy am I glad I tried this place out. They do a great job  your hair looks fabulous.""  This started a wonderful rapport that put me at ease.  I wanted a deep conditioner and she recommended a wonderful product for a mere $15 extra.  My hair is still very luxurious from the treatment.  Katie listened to exactly what I wanted and then gave me the haircut that I envisioned.  The salon is conveniently located; the staff are super-nice and the price  but she took me in between customers and I don't think she heard what I was trying to convey what I wanted. She is a great stylist and I am happy with her work except this time. Luckily it's hair and it wool grow back."  even though curly hair gets curlier and therefore shortens much more than you would expect after a short cut.  He did a really great job of shaping it I would recommend this place if you don't mind spending the money and if you have specific requirements for your hair!" NL1zxchs_XJPTdCQ-jqPDw Joh and Jaimee are magic; I don't trust anyone else; nuf said The cost was extremely reasonable (though I'm used to NYC prices) and I definitely see myself going back." Thanks Dan AND Denham & Company!  You've restored my faith in downtown hair salons!" If you want bumpin' style and sexy looks  it's in a loft above a wonderful coffee shop! Can't beat that.)" NL1zxchs_XJPTdCQ-jqPDw  I haven't gone anywhere else! My hair is crazy thick and I always have troubles coloring it but Tim always gets the perfect shade and cuts it in the best way. I get so many compliments on the color anywhere I go. The price is definitely worth it The space is beautiful as well! Tons of light ZTpxEB-EamFibdXmglzLLw  but definitely worth it.  I tried a barber again recently and will be regretting it until my hair grows back and I get Cara to fix it." Julie does a fantastic job. Been going to her for years. The attention to detail is tremendous and I come away with a haircut I can have confidence in. "I am very picky about my hair. I have had several bad experiences at hair saloon's( one turned my hair purple) so I am always reluctant to go to a new place. Denham & Company has surpassed my expectation. The receptionist knew who I was before I even gave her my name  and I ALWAYS make sure to include a hair appointment at Denham & Co. Literally my favorite hair salon that I've ever been to. The cuts are always chic "Nicole was incredibly friendly and was super intuitive and adaptive to what I wanted! Thanks Denham and Company I wish I could take this salon and Jamie with me as I move again."  and fades better than some other brands. When I got to Pittsburgh I found Denham & Co and immediately called them to schedule an appointment. I was booked with Hilary and was not disappointed. I travel with my color formula and she did a beautiful job with it. I have very fine hair and she really knew how to take care of it and gave me a great cut and even styled it! Denham & Co as a business is really charming. The decor had a very cozy  she seemed to do so in a rushed manner.  The whole process was so rushed that I barely got a chance to look at my fade (the whole reason I went in) which was TERRIBLY botched.  I don't know what this idiotic looking zig zag pattern is on the side of my head End of story - probably won't be back.  Still have a bunch of other salons to try for a last minute blow out before the weekend.  However Thanks Denham & Co.  for making me look and feel fabulous last weekend!" I have curly hair and the staff struggled to straighten it when I went in for a up do. NL1zxchs_XJPTdCQ-jqPDw  and I have a TON of hair...) to make sure the job was done meticulously. She was also extremely helpful with answering general questions Lately I have been going to Mariana due to  how she perfectly cuts my pixie cut... But I would honestly trust going to anyone here! I can't say enough good things about this place so I highly recommend anyone give it a try." So great!! I got a haircut with some layers & my hair looked so healthy for the longest time! "I just had my hair cut with Nicole and I am very pleased. She listened to me  and even though I told her I was planning to grow it out into a bob Do yourself a favor and book an appointment here." "I discovered Denham while looking for a salon to fix my hair after a woman had just butchered it. I had been wearing my hair up for four days and was feeling so down about myself. I called Denham and told them what happened and they scheduled me a long appointment with a senior stylist  it looks like a chopped up mess If I could give a review with no stars I would and I was told on the phone it would be $50 but when I went to pay they told me $55 and would not budge. see you later Denhams...... NOT!!!!" The guy eventually tried to fix it but my hair was already plastered with too much hairspray and he was acting like I was being completely irrational just because I didn't like his artistic vision. I showed him the pictures of what he did before and what my other salon had done and crabbily pulled my hair back in a hair band and stuck some pins in it. I will add that the makeup girl was great  so it is rather steep for some.  Sognatore is closed Sunday & Monday.  I would also recommend making a reservation." The top wasn't even and was kind of a mess.  I won't be back." Oh and a GREAT perk: you can book your appointment online anytime.  I work nights right now and 2am was the only spare time I had to book.  It was so easy!  While I believe they take walk ins Bottom Line: go to Lauri for great color and a cut! Her work is worth every penny!"  and layout were all updated.  I felt like I was in a high end salon in New York City where I attend the Fashion Institute of Technology.  The quality of the cut and style was always the best.  When I discovered the salon even offered a secret spa upstairs I was beyond surprised and excited.  I will most defiantly be recommending this new discovery for my friends that live and go to school downtown."  I don't even remember any product being recommended to me until I asked first.  I like when a place waits for me to make the first move and doesn't have unreasonably high expectations of me as just another  the view is great. I have asked Krista to do my hair and makeup for my wedding because I am completely confident it will be amazing (she's that good!)  If I could afford to have her do my hair everyday  highlights.. you name it we tried it. Each and every time I left her chair feeling fabulous. In addition to Jennies talent she is personable and always professional. The salon is beautiful as is all the people that work there. I highly recommend Sognatore and Jennie !!" I can't wait to check out their new place in Shadyside as soon as it opens!"  and have never found one that I've fallen in love with until now. Laurie did WONDERS on my hair! I told her my concerns and even went in to cut in bangs in my hair Dare I say it? Have I found my forever salon? Pending their availability...I think I have ;-)" I was living in Pittsburgh for a little over a year and needed to find a place to get my haircut. i always look for people that have trained at Vidal Sassoon as I find the cuts tend to be a lot more consistent. I found Laurie via a Google Search just like I found my haircutter in Boulder when I moved there. Sognatore is in a great location and is a nice space. Laurie give very good and consistent cuts for curly hair. I would recommend her and Sognatore. The prices here are also very reasonable.  and New York. Lauri does gorgeous blond highlights that pack a punch but still look natural. I plan my trips back to the Burgh around my hair needs! Zoe and the team are so friendly and accommodating  anywhere! I cannot recommend her highly enough. She is pleasant and easy to talk to and gives fantastic and cool haircuts. Also: her prices are very reasonable. I also have it on good authority that she gives great men's haircuts as well."  and a new hairdresser to boot. There's nothing quite like the relief of finding a stylist you know you can count on."  and encourage you to try it out!" Thought it was worth a review."  go to SALON NUVO and ask for Terry (or Chris). You'll definitely get more than your money's worth and schedule a return appointment!" "Everyone at Salon Nuvo is a professional.  Everyone is friendly and it's a really great salon.  Chrissy has done my hair for almost 15 years (she moved to Salon Nuvo about 2 years ago) and I trust no one else to perm or color my hair.  Chrissy understands chemicals and how to maintain healthy hair.  She's a dedicated professional and has always been flexible - she let's me come in late to accommodate my work school schedule.  And everyone I've ever referred to her has been a happy customer :-)  I'm pretty brutal on my hair (lots of heat and don't deep condition as often as I should I have been getting my hair done by Terry Boden for a looonnnggg time and she is one of the 3 people I have let cut my hair in my entire life!!  I even take my four year old daughter to her when I can and she is amazing with her!!!  I am very picky about my hair but put all my trust in her and am I glad I did!!!  The salon is nice and the other ladies are all professional.  I grew up in Pittsburgh and moved due to the military but everytime I am in town to visit I find Terry so she can work her magic on my hair.  She really is a jack of all trades and I LOVE what she does for me!! I recommend anyone to give her a try....no matter what hair type!!  You wont be dissapointed!!  does a fantastic job.  Started with tips and now I have my own nails.  I was shocked that my nails did not get destroyed under this tips Salon Nuvo has a wonderful and comfortable atmosphere.  The staff is very friendly and professional. Terry Boden has been doing my hair for 7 years and she is AMAZING!! She has never failed to give me what I asked for.   I always leave the chair 100% happy with the style and service that I was given. She keeps my hair healthy and beautiful; I get compliments on it all the time!  thinning hair and the cut is always flattering. And Autumn seems quite supportive of my desire to not color my very grey hair "Definitely recommend this salon! I booked an appointment after having many failed attempts with other stylist that are not able to work with biracial hair. I was frustrated and tired of having the same look because of my unruly mop. I have thick Unfortunately it is really difficult for me to get Downtown which is the only negative thing about this salon..I had to switch to a salon near my house and no matter how much I pay noone can even compare to Autumn. Hopefully after reading this review a few people will get to experience Autumn's awesomeness since I can't anymore :(." I went there for Brazilian blowout . After spending around 400 bucks including tip my hair have not changed at all . They look even worse . They re-did it again to try to fix them but nothing happened. I have no complains about my stylist. She was very nice to me and looking in details but their procedure and product did not work . When I showed them results after second time after a wash they juts said thanks for stopping by. I wasted my money :(  even though we both knew that meant she would have to stay late.  She asked me for pictures of what I was looking for and executed them perfectly.  I really liked that we chatted the whole time but she never stopped working.  She was extremely efficient.  The hairstyle was elegant and trendy at the same time.  The haircut fixed my bangs that were growing out funnily.  The makeup was enought that it was noticeable The salon is so dirty we left before I let them cut me hair. The sanitizers were old and half full. The scissors and combs were a mess.  http:  www.wellbuzz.com dr-oz-beauty dr-oz-pedicure-bacterial-infections-dry-pedicure-haircut-ringworm  i have been getting my hair cut here for 15 years.  Marjorie is amazing and priceless.  I am as picky about my hairstylist as i am my dentist or doctor.  I travel extensively for work and get compliments no matter where i travel.  Wouldn't go anywhere else! Really nice and friendly people! Also good prices. We got pedicures and there was a big variety of colors to choose from. The Saran Wrap they wrap your toes in after was weird and uncomfortable and they could probably get nicer pedicure chairs but I'd come back!!  I was feeling pretty satisfied.  My only concern was over the length of one of the layers and my bangs. Meg advised me to live with it through the weekend and come back for any necessary touch-ups  even if it took longer than some other clients may. I'm glad I was able to get while I was in town. Thanks again! :)"  and Autumn always does a great job cutting my hair  making my hair look excellent. Best haircut ever. For once I came out of a salon really loving my hair and the way that it looked. She even recommend a hair product which doesn't make my hair shiny but still has a firm hold. Definitely coming back. Couldn't recommend Marjorie more!" I really like this place. I've been here about 4 times now and have always received what I asked for. The stylists are always great and easy going. They're very good at achieving the look you are going for and making appointments for the salon is not a hassle at all.. This is a wonderful spa! They really accommodate your needs and are very attentive. The money is well spent and worth every penny! Very professional and yet so comfortable!  I will go back again and try a junior stylist. Parking is conveniently located across the street at the parking garage and they do validate. Prices seem to be on the high end for Pittsburgh but I suppose you get what you pay for! The salon is clean and comfortable. The staff is across the board friendly. Sign up for their email list and get offers for discounted services. Would recommend." Got an amazing facial here. I have been there for a pedicure and massage in the past. It's great.  nothing but a positive experience! Need the right person for your hair? Someone you can trust and make you feel like a new person? Go see Rachel I had an absolutely wonderful experience! My stylist knew exactly how to manage my crazy hair and she chose the perfect cut and color for me (I had a few ideas that she listened to but I pretty much let her have free reign over the appointment)  and I have never been happier with the outcome! I have heard horrible things about how this salon is managed and how they handle customer complaints. My dear friend right now is dealing with the owner of this salon. You would not believe how awful the things they have said and put her through. This is a small community - really poor business skills and treating people badly spreads like wildfire.  especially for blondes. She gives meticulous attention to my color and highlights.  Kim is also excellent at cutting hair.  I definitely highly recommend Kim at Capristo to anyone looking for a new salon."  but Lydia at Capristo has it all! She is very professional while making you feel comfortable. She explains everything step by step while making you crack up. I don't think I would ever go elsewhere! She is fast and makes the whole experience almost painless! The Solon has recently been remodeled so it looks great and clean. I would recommend her to all my friends :)" Best pedicures ever.  Ask for Lydia. But I'm going to be returning there soon.  They do waxes "I went to Capristo today for the first time! I was floored by how friendly the staff were to new clients and that everyone I met knew my name by the end of my visit. I saw Kim today after reading several great reviews about her on Google search and through word of mouth i went here to fix a bad hair cut at the last minute. I came out with a more drastic cut of the one i went in with. I was livid and called to complain. They offered me nothing. I don't recommend this salon- my stylist had no talent and no comprehension of what i wanted.  beware that you can't put a tip on your credit card  and overall the service was not as good as a couple of months beforehand. I've heard more consistency about MCN salon's services and it will be at least 10-15 bucks less than what I'm paying at Capristo without the attitude. Also I've also gotten a haircut here that was really disappointing given the price My girlfriend and I had planned a couples massage for weeks. 1 hour before our massage the Spa called stating they wouldn't be able to do the couples massage because they made a booking error. This is after two confirmation calls previously in the week. Terrible customer service will never book with them again.  plus dealing with a computer that was going all wonky. I was offered coffee and water more than once. The coffee is good. This is a busy salon  that I think many of the patrons don't know about because there's usually a spot open when I go." VJe-sf7dBY6GRGO6TcqzTA Totally recommend Sara and Shelly." I have been going to Tom for haircuts for the last 10 years.  NEVER disappointed. Just got a massage and facial with Heather from my living social coupon and she was great!  One of the best salons in Pittsburgh by far if you're willing to pay a little extra and feel like you've earned the experience as a client of theirs.  was really friendly. All of the staff were genial and helpful. They weren't pushy about scheduling a next appointment or products. Overall I would definitely recommend this salon!" FYI: The photo attached to this account is NOT what my hair looks like now." I have one Living Social coupon left for this place ($30 for gel mani and pedi seemed like a great deal so i bought 3) but now that I've had two bad nail jobs from two different girls "I just moved to Pittsburgh and was looking for a new person to cut my hair. I gave Melissa a try and I could not be happier.  She was able to see the shape and length I was after and I think she is very in tune to what the customer wants.  I was impressed by the way she listened to me and even asked questions if she wasn't sure about something.  I would give 5 stars to Melissa and 4 stars to the Salon just because I don't love the cramped layout. I would highly recommend Melissa to any guy looking for a fresh All in all the atmosphere of the place is really great. On Wednesdays they offer their customers free martinis which is an added bonus. Parking is great because the salon has spots reserved right in front of their building so don't pay for parking in the garage that's near it."  I don't like new people doing my hair. That combined with needing corrective coloring made me very nervous. I was pleasantly surprised  Shelly gives the best brazilian waxes and Lydia does wonders for your eyebrows.  Shelly is quick and thorough on the bikini line.  Lydia really takes her time and shapes your eyebrows well.  I would recommend these two any time!! "I had 2 living social coupons for this spa for mani pedis that i bought so that a friend and i could go together when she was in town visiting. I called three weeks before i needed the appointments and they couldn't get us appointments together so I ended up not using them. I've called several times since then and it seems that they are always booked for mani pedis that are at the same time.  I called today 9 18 to see if i could get in to use them before they expire. They had absolutely no appointments and refused to let me use my coupons the next week though I  ""could use them as gift cards and pay the difference."" The lady made it sound like they were doing this as a customer service  and almost painless Brazilian. Even in awkward positions she made you feel comfortable. She was recommended by a friend and I would highly recommend her to others. This was my first wax and although the price tag is a little high  and I am not joking when I say I got more compliments on my hair than my dress. She did all of my bridesmaids hair and my mom's hair. The 5 girls had completely different hair requests I'm going to start off by saying I haven't tried any services but their waxing which is so amazing (or Shelly is anyway) this place deserves 5 stars on account of her. She is chatty and friendly which really helps since it distracts from all the pain (I'm just a wimp it's not that bad) she is inducing lol. She is really quick and does a waxing service in 15 minutes on me which has taken other professional an unreasonable 30-45 minutes?! I wish I had found her sooner because of all pain I had gone through in other salons. I know the waxing services can get pricey depending on what you get but let me tell you it is money WELL SPENT! I have been to at least 5 other salons in my neighborhood and this is by far the best. "Not sure what star rating to give. Matt for blowouts and Shelly for waxing are awesome. However the vibe here is run down and the front desk is constantly getting lectured by owners and managers. It's happened everytime I go and it's really unprofessional. My mani was  terrible (no cuticle soaking) and only lasted a few days. The pedi (which was not really spa quality) was $50 but it did last. As for beverages  especially in front of a new customer even if I am cool and can handle certain discussion).  He has an assistant for the menial tasks like washing and drying your hair - she was good.  When he was cutting though I'm used to the amazing service I've always received from Above & Beyond Salon in Wexford. Until then I cannot recommend this salon."  but Lydia is the best I've ever had. Seriously she is a goddess of Mercy. It hurt at least 50% less than usual. The place is also super clean." "Lydia is the only person I will ever let touch my eyebrows again. She is simply the BEST. She makes you feel incredibly comfortable and lets you know exactly what shape you can achieve. My sisters both live out of state but since they've seen how great my eyebrows look now The prices are expensive. You won't leave there for less than $100 (with tip) Don't take my word for it? Call Capristo Salon and ask for an appointment with Lydia.  You will NOT be disappointed!"  so they should arrange the next client accordingly right? Instead of sending you away and asking you to come again. Plus it is pricey. ($55 for a hair cut I wasn't satisfied with). MCN salon has cheaper prices - Only one star off for the somewhat steep (but not outrageous) for the keratin treatment So I did NOT get a good impression from this place and will not be going back."  she will definitely be worth the airfare back to get my hair done. I'm that convinced that she's as good as it gets!  She a MUST on your appointment list. You won't be disappointed!   Amanda Radcliff should be your next stylist!" I went here probably around 2 months ago and had Amanda Radcliff do my hair. I went there wanting a trim and highlights... After talking with Amanda we decided to do ombre because it was easier upkeep and would look better with the state my hair was in!! I love my hair now. It's not too crazy of an ombre either; just right. The haircut was a little over fifty dollars but totally worth it because it was one of the best haircuts I ever got. I will definitely be returning! Worst experience ever :(  i did a hair cut and color in this salon i show her a picture of what i want and talk about the cost and every thing she told me it will cost 170 $ after we finish the hair color is soo baaaad its not even close to be acceptable she agree that i need to do it again and the same orange color tone still in my hair. after tow days working for acceptable result  i was not happy for the result she said we can't do more coz it will damage my hair .. The other shock when i saw the bill they almost double the price when i ask why??!! She told me they charge me every time she try to reach the color and fade the orange tone .. They charge me for their mistake .. I go out from this salon with bad hair color and 350 $ cost  I couldn't handle it. The head massage was painful and rough. At that point I already wanted to leave. She then started cutting my hair and actually did a good job. I asked to cut more layers in and it was not a problem at all. Because the appointment was late at night and the light was not the best On another note - I've been going to Lydia to get my eyebrows waxed for years and she's the best in the city.  It's $25 for a wax  but she genuinely cares about her customers even when it's... ehhem... a bit of an intimate procedure to say the least. If you need a wax and you're in the Pittsburgh area "Capristo Salon is my favorite! I am Miss Pennsylvania USA 2015 so it's important that my hair is looking great at all times. I use stylist Abigail Walsh for my cuts LOVE Shelly! The quickest  and most quality waxes ever! Not to mention she is a sweetheart! I will be returning and sending everyone to see her!  I believe I received my money's worth in customer service and quality. I am sure I will come back for future manicures and pedicures  just spoke to someone at Capristo who was very rude. I have an Amazon Local deal that was given to me as a gift and after talking to them on the phone I decided not to go there. I think they probably treat people with these kinds of deals as second class customers." "Amazing updos   wedding hair. The hairdresser for my sister's wedding cancelled a few weeks prior and Capisto was able to get us in last-minute! I LOVED my updo and the airbrush makeup was unbelievable. Although pricey I would join the others & highly recommend Lydia.  I had a waxing done previously that scared me away from it but my friend recommended her & she truly does it with little pain.  She's fast & thorough.  She makes it as painless and pleasant as possible.  On top of that you get a fantastic result!  Much better than other wax only salons!  Even if you've gone elsewhere give her a try!!! Tom is the best! My hair always comes out looking amazing! I love how friendly all of the staff is. Prices are steep but it's worth it! Definitely gonna make it back!  I showed a picture and somehow got an orange ombr. I genuinely feel the hairdresser just didn't know how to do it correctly and just did ombr because I have so much hair. My hair was in perfect shape and after my first hair appointment I cried because of how terrible it looked. I complained and then I had to go in again for her to fix it and it was just worse...I have like 5 different shades in my hair. I paid a high amount of money just to get my hair messed up completely. Never going here again and sad to say they lost a customer :("  I showed a picture and somehow got an orange ombr. I genuinely feel the hairdresser just didn't know how to do it correctly and just did ombr because I have so much hair. My hair was in perfect shape and after my first hair appointment I cried because of how terrible it looked. I complained and then I had to go in again for her to fix it and it was just worse...I have like 5 different shades in my hair. I paid a high amount of money just to get my hair messed up completely. Never going here again and sad to say they lost a customer :(" I go to Roman. I laugh my ass off while getting a pretty excellent cut & color every time I'm there. It's a big space but feels like family. Tommy did my mani pedi last time I was there and it was a jolly good time. Lots of personality at Capristo's. Especially fun for us ornery types. Poor customer service and they were rude. They send you a free blowout for your birthday and then refuse to honor it!! Don't go here!!  and as always it turns out fabulous! I've had bad experiences with hair cuts A great salon experience in Pittsburgh. Johnnie was fab and trimmed my hair exactly to my liking. Highly recommended! "Beth Ann is a great colorist who fixed my hair which was butchered by another area Salon.  Can't give enough stars  and his is the only person that I trust cutting my hair. I highly recommend this salon and especially Igor. The only downside is that it is a little pricey I cannot review color I did not get any color here." CVK9ciUclX3rlMl3X9M_Hw "When I initially called they had no openings.  They asked what other days and I told them I had a wedding on Saturday so unfortunately I couldn't pick another day.  They actually made time for me.  It was unexpected but awesome.  The service was great.  The owners were super friendly.  My stylist  though I think too expensive.  I was also reminded why I do not typically get my brows waxed in hair salons.  It's not like she did a bad job  and professional! I came in there with a curly mess of long hair that hadn't been attended to in 9 months "Ken is amazing! He is extremely talented and definitely knows his stuff. I completely trust his judgement and suggestions when it comes to trying a new style or length  and stuck me under a hairdryer machine.  Then he had the shampoo girl blow dry it out for the second time.  All in all a really frustrating experience - one of those haircuts where you get back to your car and want to cry.  I got the impression that the salon was trying to be high-end  but styled horribly. When I left I literally looked like I was wearing a wig from the early '90's. Once I was able to fix it myself and style it totally differently than he intended  you get these cards which entitle new clients to a free haircut (and you get a kickback coupon in the mail).  I get so many random compliments on my hair from total strangers that I've given almost all of my coupons away.  That's like one random-person-compliment per haircut  highly recommended!  (Irrelevant sidenote:  weird floor manager with handlebar mustache.  Avoid him if possible.)" "I'm from Los Angeles and am used to haircuts being either really crappy or really expensive. My experiences at Dean of Shadyside couldn't be further from either. A friend recommended it because I go to school in Pittsburgh and desperately needed a haircut. I booked an appointment with Ellie  and both were professional and entertaining. Haircuts have always been professionally done  parking in Shadyside can be difficult.  The packet of coupons they hand out after your first visit is amazing!  A second and third haircut for $10?  Sign me up!  My only disappointment of my experience at Dean so far is that my stylist is leaving the salon.  I really liked her and was disappointed "I went into Dean of Shadyside salon to get my hair colored. My stylist was nice and friendly however that was not the problem that I encountered at this salon. My stylist rushed through the process of coloring my hair as she had another client during the same time as my appointment. In addition "I've been going to Dean's for about a year.  I've had three different stylists (once I rescheduled and once I walked in) and each of them gave me a very nice cut.  The stylists are all experienced and professional.  And the price isn't too horrible  my haircuts were never good.  Mehh at best.  I've been to three different stylists there and only one of them spoke to me while cutting my hair.  That can be an awkward hour long hair cut... And the salon is dirty.  Maybe my standards are too high  but life is way too short. I feel like I dodged a bullet today by walking out. Or maybe he did My only real issue with this salon is the atmosphere. It has about as much character as Super Cuts and operates like a busy factory  I have a girl crush on Courtney for making my hair look so hot. Thanks "I have been trying to achieve a specific hair color for over 3 years without luck. I went to Dean's this past Friday the 5th and saw Lauren. I described to her the color I have been describing to past stylists the same way and she knew exactly what colors needed combined to achieve my base color "My roommate and I refer to Courtney as ""Courtney Copperfield"" because she is a legit magician! I gave her a picture of the haircut I wanted and it actually looked better than the picture when she was done. She also knew exactly what colors to put together to achieve the shade I wanted for Fall. Sadly "Richard gave me the BEST haircut of my life.  My brother even complimented me on it - that's HUGE :).  He's a great hairstylist who has a passion for hair.  I'm moving out of the area  I re-booked for cut and color." "Got my haircut from Valerie who was talented and knowledgable and a genuinely nice person. It only cost me $30 since Valerie is a level 1 stylist (if you want someone who has been at the salon longer  blow dry (with no use of fancy round brushes) and am out the door. It even looks great in a pony for work! I was so stoked I booked a cut and highlight for before Thanksgiving. And got the BF to go for a cut (which he loved!) Thanks Ally!" I got my first hair cut yesterday at Deans with Aliba?  She was really nice and friendly. Before the haircut she asked what I'm looking for and gave suggestions. She even put product and diffused my hair making it look great.  I thought it was really nice that they offer tea and coffee.  I would go back. "If you are into crooked haircuts and terrible customer service  she did exactly what I wanted her to do!  I never make hair appointments far in advance SO bad service.  I was their with groupon and they gave me so bad service. due to 3-4 hours of service I split it into two days. haircut with level I was not upto my expectation and on second day they treat me like left over services. I dint had my conditioning on the first day and they blamed me tht I am lying. Plz dont let yourself feel embaress. Tht stylish was so loud.  and get nothing but compliments on my hair.  Give Richard some freedom  Courtney is great and I'm not going anywhere. I just get a sour taste in my mouth every time I am charged an additional $2 for parking there."  and I'll continue to recommend Dean of Shadyside (and Erica) to anyone who asks."  and she understood exactly what I wanted. I already have the next appointment set up. Needless to say  bring cash to tip your stylist. The receptionist cannot handle tips at all. They do offer a shady ATM that you can use and pay the surcharge  so I asked about that. The guy told me that was a mistake and I'd get $10 credit on my account. The girl today said that  there were no notes on my account about that All in all I would say I feel blase about this salon but I know I will find myself returning there no matter what."  but then I would now be writing about how my appointment took SIX hours. SIX hours! So at least I have something for which to be thankful." I think I'll find a place that's a little more... me."  the owner requests that she repeat her understanding in front of him and the customer. The owner also provided some input of his own and engaged with me. I felt very comforted by this. The prices are average for the area  and felt very very bad! I went home and decided to take a shower and style my hair my way and I LOVED it!! It turned out it was just the way he styled it that I didn't like but the haircut was BRILLIANT! Since that day  kind and efficient. I showed her a few pictures of what I had in mind to part with my shoulder-length curly hair (that had gone WAY too long without a cut) and she knew exactly what to do Love my hair!  I bought a Groupon for a cut and hairline highlights because I was looking for a place that would give me a good haircut.   My hair is naturally curly so I've had more than my share of bad cuts... them they try to style it and it gets worse. Not Dean of Shadyside!  Ally took the time to discuss my the color of my highlights and make sure that I was comfortable with everything before she started (I have only had highlights done once before and they were bad).  The end product was great!   She listened to what I wanted and did it!   This is the first time in a very long time that I didn't leave a salon and pull my hair back.   My next appointment is already scheduled. Summary: Free isn't great when you have to go home and immediately wash your hair and remove the nail polish." It's no wonder Erika quit - she was too good for the place! Needless to say I an very happy with my haircut :) Staff are very polite too.  as each level up is a different price. This is great for someone like me who can't afford to shell out $80 on my haircuts! I have recommended this place to my friends and will definitely return!"  and it will look fine.  Your stylist may be lovely.  But the overall vibe is weird and the service sucks."  40 mins to blow the hair dry and chatting and forgot the moisture treatment. The technique of the haircut is so poor. There is no layer of the cutting and it is not horizontally on the same level. I think he is not serious about what he did. I will not come for the second time. MCN is much better in this sense. You should definitely try to avoid him as your stylist if you choose to go to Dean of Shadyside."  she still insisted on curling my hair and taking her time. I was thoroughly impressed by her professionalism and customer service. I will definitely be going back in the future. Thank you Kira!!"  which wasn't my stylists' fault. I went back a week later and they were so helpful. They gave me great advice and fixed the problem. Highly recommend  the receptionist seemed to be annoyed to have to deal with a customer (even though it was pretty empty). The service was bad and unfortunately the haircut was even worse. I made an appointment with a level III stylist for a trim and left with an uneven haircut! I had layers on one side that were visibly longer than layers on the other side. What's worse is that when I tried pointing it out to the stylist she didn't try to fix it because she said her next appointment was waiting. I do not think their prices are fair for their subpar level of service (and experience). Needless to say Krista is a hair wizard. Not only do I love the cut and colour of my hair I love how well informed she keeps me about everything she's doing to my hair. Her product knowledge is out of this world and she seems to really love making people look good. I would never trust anyone else with my hair.  my hair does) and it lasts for a few days. I highly recommend it if you have a special weekend or event coming up." I wouldn't say this is the most welcoming warm and fuzzy place.  It's not somewhere you go to see your favorite stylist and catch up on the most recent gossip.  It's very professional  always making sure she understands what you want and then executing it well. I have seriously never left the place unhappy - a big turn around from ALWAYS leaving unhappy at other places." I'm disappointed because my first haircut experience there was great. Not sure if my husband or I will be going back. It's too bad She listens and understands my issues and gives me a great cut always! I think I actually like my curly hair now :D" I was not impressed with the atmosphere of the salons either.  It does not have a welcoming feel at all and most of the staff are not friendly!" 17Zp0inFGLaQsxMBapdh4Q "Visiting Pittsburgh for wedding over Labor Day weekend and Dean's was recommended by the hotel for a blow out.  Left the salon thinking hair looked OK  but she was running back and forth to 2 or 3 clients.  way overpriced!!!! - I will take my aunt to Asians or School in North hills." "I have been coming to this salon since I moved to the Pittsburgh area-7 years ago. I originally came to the salon to correct an at home color mishap. I had read reviews directing me to Richard. It was the best decision I ever made! He managed to take my orange hair to a beautiful golden blonde that very day. Over the past 7 years  but I encourage you to let him work his craft. He's a master and you'll love the results and compliments that come with his artistry!" We loved our experience at Deans. We will definitely return for undercut upkeep and manicures"  though: thin and layer my overly-thick hair without doing away with much length. $40 plus tip ... a bit steep for a maintenance cut in Pittsburgh  I think the alleged ""snob vibe"" is confused with its effort to rise about the early 1990's image it presents. Seriously I really miss this place now that I'm in Austin." "Platinum Blonde Perfection.  Jay works wonders and he has given me the best platinum blonde 'do ever.  It was gorgeous.  My hair looked like corn silk.  If I had boat-loads of money (for much less money) got my feet smooth Great salon for hair...not so much nails. My hair stylist Vanessa is great. I can go in without a clear picture of what I want and she gives me exactly what I wanted. I get so many compliments on my hair. So I will never go back and I'm sorry for suggesting this place since I only got a trim the first time I went here and could have had the same cut from anywhere."  and did an excellent job. I would definitely come back here again for a pedicure as they offer an ""express"" pedicure for $28. Granted  this is a very cute little place with decent prices and service. eddie is the sweetest stylist AND he knows how to cut curls (he has them). it's tiny and fairly no-frills  friendly and very well priced! Also  I was going in to see Joel for root touch-ups. I told him the first time around that I used toner to create a white-blonde look  and he also gave her an awesome haircut!)" I highly recommend Eddy for anyone with curly hair! I also greatly appreciated the student discount." "The reviews don't lie.  Eddy nailed it!  I have short curly hair and I am extremely picky about how I have it cut.  He got it right.  Better than right  and the environment is welcoming and casual. It's definitely a great place for the more laid back salon goers."  skin and nail artists. There are many salons to choose from but not many that offer excellence. Salon Cercone is a true Shadyside gem."  efficient but thorough. I walked out the door with a great haircut - PLUS I'm writing this two months later so I'm happy to report that the cut has grown in really well (the true test). I'll definitely be back for my next cut!"  I'm so happy with my haircut!!"  but still had large chunks of straight hair in my outer layers. Eddy expertly trimmed off the straight sections and made me look fabulous in newly visible curls. His prices are reasonable as well! Highly recommend. :)"  this place is affordable. A student discount meant my cut was only $36!"  and it looks like an 80s cut. I've seen both Eddy and Gary and they've both done a fantastic job with it. I've kept going back to see Eddy because he charges a little less than Gary 5nEnDOd9zKYa_J5SO56-LA "Michael is wonderful! Haircut looks and feels great. Would definitely recommend Michael is the BEST!  He has been cutting and coloring my hair for over 7 years now.  I get complements all the time.  Michael is a master with color.  Everywhere I went before Salon Cercone I would leave with less than perfect color.  Not any more.  Perfect every time. Next time I'll do a little research for a barber shop and possibly won't feel so bad paying that much for a haircut."  and forced her to send me back to the waiting area while she worked on a customer AFTER my name on the list.  Her demeanor and tone during this whole nasty experience was inexplicably hateful and openly aggressive.  It is the single worst experience I've ever had trying to get a haircut.  I looked around the waiting area that now represented an additional 30 minute wait (at least) on top of the half hour I had already waited since checking in.  I walked out and went across the street to the Philip Pelusi salon in the Waterworks mall.  It was a couple dollars more expensive but I got a fantastic cut 0UZSHmHhMcvro-mM5hPuoA  but it looked like I'd had it for a month already and it had begun to grow out. When I showed my sister (who styles hair all day) how it was done on that same day  and she passes on her passion to every person who works for her. I am very shocked that there is a 1 star review for this salon because they deliver on all aspects of professionalism. This is the kind of customer service that I look for in any kind of business. I would highly recommend and I will definitely be going back."  I'm normally quiet and don't speak up so I felt like I was already in a good place. She went over what her plan was and made sure I was on board and we went from there! I told her about my hometown salon and what I was looking for from here. She went above and beyond that and even taught me how to do a simple yet very cute everyday style! I can't wait to go back and hopefully send some of my friends there!"  I'm finally home!  I went in (scared to death) for a style-changing cut.  I started with long hair (half-way down my back) and emerged with a sassy new shoulder-length bob!  Modern often gets bad press because of their rather expensive prices but service like this is worth every penny!  The only downside to this salon is that they only accept gratuity via cash or check.  For other debit card addicts out there  filled out the paperwork and in walks my massage therapist.  He brought me into the room and gave me my instructions and left.  I shed my clothes and slipped under the covers of the warmed massage table. David knocked and came in and began what I now refer to as one of the best massages I have ever had in my life.  He used hot damp towels on my back  one quick comment about the price - I know some people feel this salon is pricey. But for my cut and blow dry  or Debbie Nelms for waxing. Must see Tiffany for a massage. This little woman has great hands!" The staff are all friendly and pleasant. The spa (upstairs) is nice and separated from the more chaotic salon and registers. The spa's waiting area is comfy and quiet  FUCK GREATCLIPS.  That is all." There is a central desk that triages all Modern calls so if you are running late it is kind of annoying because you cant just call the location you are going to.  But the desk will let them know right away so it has always worked out....it is just odd that it is hard to get ahold of the your specific location.  Love you Modern!  I always leave feeling pampered and fabulous!  :-D"  and curly. So I found Modern Salon just a few blocks away from my hotel. When I first got there the lady that took care of me was very polite even after she realized that blow-drying my hair would take a lifetime. She scurried of to speak to her supervisor or maybe a more experienced stylist for suggestions on what products or brushes to use. Nikki came along and was extremely knowledgeable with my textured type of hair; she had an amazing attitude not only to satisfy the customer but also towards the not so experienced stylist I9S-4czHzMVfKejCiAuXag  I was pleased with the service (product-related) I received but felt there were some challenges with how the service (customer-focused) was delivered.  Not sure if or when I will return." BTW it's an Aveda salon in case you are wondering." When I got down to the parking garage and my ""validated ticket"" had only been validated for 1 2 the time and I had to spend another $20 to leave the garage. The Manager heard that was I was unhappy with the new girls attempt and sent me a gift card to their salon. A very nice follow up and great recovery. So I would say "I recently moved to Charlotte and have been looking for a good Aveda salon. I googled locations near my office and found Modern Salon. I was able to get an appointment the day of with a junior stylist. I saw Laura and she gave me an amazing hair cut for $36 (excluding tip). I have to admit  you'll have to be uncomfortable because the seat doesn't adjust. Skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure." "I'm hooked. I made a last minute appointment to get all over color and a partial highlight in an attempt to fix a seriously botched coloring.  I showed a picture and explained what I wanted and Laura and Val worked their magic. My hair look amazing and it came out way better than I ever expected.  Also This place is awesome and Gabby did a great job giving me the best haircut of my life!  Pay the extra few bucks to go here rather than get a sub par cut someplace else! Well worth it! Overall - can't say enough good things. Customer service is impeccable here. Would go back in a heartbeat next time i'm in town." Love Modren Salon - my hair is usually cut by either Kenna or Bezash and both of them are wonderful (especially with my difficult head of hair!) - they know what works with me and always touch it off with nice product. The rest of the staff here are very courteous and treat you well. Highly recommended.  and I reluctantly agreed after 5 mins of discussion and him pointing out exactly where my hair would fall after the four inches were removed.  He then had me sign I guess what is considered a contract that I would pay the $230 it would cost for these services.  I pay more with Modern because I am use to getting exactly what I want.  This time was a very much different experience.  He cut two inches off my hair while it was wet and then blowed dryed it before cutting the rest.  He was twisting it and cutting away I never have time to make appts in advance and because if that I never seem to be able to see the same stylist twice. At most salons this would worry me but I've never gotten a bad hair cut at modern! I live in NYC and I try to make it back to Charlotte as often as possible to get my hair done here! "Great place for a men's haircut if you're in Uptown! Olga does a fantastic job on my hair! A little on the pricey side ($31 for men's with junior stylist) but you get a nice little scalp massage and neck shave! Also get free neck trims shaves between visits  I came to Modern for a blow out before a maternity photo shoot.  The junior stylist that I saw did an amazing job.  My hair still looks perfect two days later!  The experience was also wonderful - they include a scalp massage and she spent a lot of time making sure she got every part of my hair to look right.  And she only charged $30!  Which is $10 cheaper than the blow dry bar that did an awful job the week before.  I will only come to Modern for blow outs from now on." Nice spot to find for anyone who needs a quick style while passing through :)"  they validated my parking but whatever they did didn't work in the machine and I was charged $6 to park for less than an hour. This results in my paying $15 I shouldn't have had to pay. I usually go to Modern at Metropolitan  who I have been going to for nearly two years. She does a great job with my bob every time and is super sweet to boot. Highly recommended."  classy and upscale. They'll definitely have you feeling like a beautiful princess (or Prince!!) when you leave!! =D" I booked a 12 pm appt at 10:30 am the same day with Emily at Modern in Hearst Tower.  I had a solid 2-3 inches cut off.  Emily did a fantastic job and it was only $25!  I've never had a bad experience at Modern.  Highly recommend. "Stephanie is amazing. Get your nails done here I've been seeing Olga for a couple years. Besides being a sharp  but I was wrong. Olga NAILED my hair color ( precious people played it too safe) and I loved my hair cut. Plus I was in and out within two hours for a full highlight and cut (once I waiting 4 hours!) Olga was very professional and I really enjoyed her company. She definitely sold me in and I'm looking forward to making my next hair appointment with her!!!" I'm just going to say sometimes you have to take a leap of faith and try things out despite reviews. Besides a misunderstanding when it came to the pricing of a specific hairstyle I requested I am more then happy with the outcome. Ask for Sara  but I also witnessed several other customers leave out with styles that they were not happy with. BIGNONS @ S. Tryon needs to really figure out how to braid styles correctly! JAMBO twists and havana twists are NOT done in the same manner as SENEGALESE!! Also witnessed several other stylists come in talking negative about the owner in front of clients- very unprofessional! I will never go to this place again--- PLEASE do your research... BEWARE!!!!" I recently moved from Charlotte to the DMV area. I tried finding someone to do my hair there & wasn't very happy with the outcome. I come back to Charlotte just so Kristy can do my tree braids. She is by far THE best. She takes her time and does very neat work. I love her! So I wanted to go somewhere close to my home and someone told me they were pretty good. Red flag one: lady told me my hair was too slick and short( which is not true) and I need to go smaller 165.00. I decided to listen to her. Red flag two: she started combing my hair with a small tail rattail comb and pulling it. Then the hair she was using to braid with was not divided evenly. As a matter of fact it was all over the place. Red flag three: when she started to braid she stopped in the middle of the braid about three minutes to check her phone. Red flag four: she left and went outside and I had no idea where she was going. Eventually I found out she went to borrow some hair from next door I guess. Red flag five: she checked her phone again. Final flag: she started braiding my hair and it was a mess!!! She told me my hair that was sticking out of the braids would have to be cut! What my real hair. Ummmm lady no! I gave her 20.00 and told her to take it out.  and I feel like this entire salon chain is a scam. I can't wear me hair down because I'm used to my braids being very full. It was a waste of my money. Please do not go to this salon. They will try and scam you for whatever they can. I even told the lady she was braiding awe fully fast in the back. She dismissed my clams  look elsewhere. Took my daughter to this location since it was within walking distance from our house. We waited for someone to say can I help you for approximately 10 minutes. At which point the lady who asked to assist seemed aggravated that we were there and was uninterested in what my daughter was requesting. Needless to say we left and went to her normal braider. This place is a mess."  I told them to rebook her with my younger daughter. Well Saturday arrives and the exact same thing happened. There was no remorse or compassion. These people have a lack of business sense and I am surprised that they have two shops in Charlotte. I immediately cancelled my appointment and called around. I am now at Elom's as they have a much better rating! So far so good. I would not go to Bignon's if you value your time!" Years. I always love how my hair turns out. The girls are great and they make sure you are comfortable. My go to place for my braids plus I refer.." tCKXSlsoLawfhY-CfRTOwg Very professional; worked to ensure I was happy with my hair. I will certainly be back. Was a little late starting but made up for it with fast service I was happy with. Stylists are all licensed contractors and the salon runs itself in a clean professional manner ..." If I could give 0 stars I would. What an awful experience I had with this salon. I confirmed two appointments with Debra Hughes on the evening of June 9. Just to get a text from her an hour before me and my daughters appointments for the next day. Even after I mentioned that if she could just take care of my daughter since her graduation was the next day. So needless to say I had to find another place to get my daughters haircut. I would say that this is the most unprofessional person I have encountered. She did not have a solution for the problem at hand. Needless to say some people don't think outside the box. Is this a one person salon that cannot resolve an problem like this? Liar!!! Get your story straight if you are gonna lie. Look at her reviews on FB. I see others calling her out with her responding that she didn't even make an appointment with them."  because it can't get any lower.  I made an appt a few days out and a lady named Debra seemed very confused about the scheduled appt time  I would!!!!!  Absolutely fantastic Majella!!!  She perfectly understood what I wanted and didn't want! Thank you!!! I had a big change in hair and she did a fantastic job in cutting and coloring them! I recommend." "I have been going to Nick since 1985 I moved out of state and still come back just for a cut and color by Kim."  plus he is a military veteran.  Wonderful person and personality!  *****" Horrible...have walked in albeit without an appt and they act as though they're doing you a favor letting you be their customer...Avoid at all costs..you're better off going to Great Clips or even the deli @ Harris Teeter...  where they don't move you through like cattle.  Will gladly continue spending a couple extra dollars here than go elsewhere." - The salon is next to Starbucks - head over five minutes early and grab a latte!"  I've tried three area hair places -- no one is Craig. I'll be making quarterly trips to Charlotte for Craig to continue doing my hair. I did find a local salon which sells Kerastase Price ranges for services run the gamut - they are willing to work with you though - just ask!  :-)" "Totally enjoyed my experience with Craig at Uptown Retreat.  All of the staff were very friendly and eager to help.  My friend and I were both in from out of town and scheduled two blow outs and one cut.  Craig was my stylist and Davis did my friends hair.  Both guys did an excellent job!  Craig you 'get it'....hair length Save your time and frustration and go somewhere else." He did come highly recommended by a friend who loves her hair so I guess it's just your taste in hair styles or how picky you are. If you are picky I recommend going someplace else where they will take the time to listen to what you want and not have 2 other people waiting to have their hair done while you are getting yours cut. The place was very nice and he was super friendly  quick and friendly staff but my stylist wasn't fluent in taking care of relaxed hair. I had gotten a new hairstyle and had washed and blow dried my hair at home and just needed my front curled which was about the width of my forehead to about an inch above my eyebrows but my stylist gave me the same job I could have given myself at home. So after $15 and a tip I stopped at Walmart and bought me a new $7 curling iron and now do it myself."  in some lighting it is BLUE GREEN.  I called the salon and was told to come back and they would add a gloss.  I told the manager that I lived 6 hours away and asked for a partial refund so that I can have my hair redone.  I think this was more than a fair request.  I was told I would receive a call back but have heard nothing.  I cannot recommend anyone doing business at Uptown Retreat Salon.  I made a huge mistake." Overall this place never gets too busy so the wait is never long. They keep their stations clean after every haircut... did I mention ESPN constantly running all over the place. The stylists are also pretty knowledgeable in sports as well."  it's a great 20 minute getaway from the regular work school life grind.  And Awesome place if you like your hair looking like you are 8 years old. Disappointing. Ashley did a great job on my hair and I am very happy with the result. On top of that she is actually happy to be working here and her positive attitude carriers over into her customer's experience. If you are tired of over paying for your haircut give this place a try." I actually pass 3 or 4 other haircut places on my way to this particular SportClips.  They are awesome!"  engage with your friendly stylist cosmetologist (just learned that word) and prepare for the following: your wife to text you about how good you look  friendly and professional staff. I like their haircuts they do a fantastic job." 5NB7CV6j8vwQst7dRl2W8Q "Just got a haircut here since I had randomly received a coupon for  $6.99 haircut and hadn't had my hair cut since leaving China in Dec. 2010 (max price there is $1.50-2.00).  The door has a lot of instructions on it and cell phones are not allowed past the check-in counter.  The people were welcoming and relatively friendly as they 'put you in the system.' Hopefully  but that is most likely due to visiting on different days.  Another acceptable experience and the hairdresser was pleasant.  I'm hoping I'll get a third coupon in time for my next haircut.  I was told that you can arrange an appointment online in advance and There was no wait at 3pm on a Saturday.  I paid in cash and got $2 off.  My hair cut was to my liking and she made just the right amount of small talk. "Big mistake coming here.  You're better off grabbing a pair of fiskars and doing it yourself. They definitely do not know how to cut hair. Will never return  I say fantastic job Great Clips! No need to go spend $80 for a couple of inches to be chopped off." West Town Market - Please work with L****n and her customer service if you are going to employ her." "What a great shop. My family has been coming for several years. All the ladies here are so sweet. You can check in on line to cut down on wait time. My daughter "Brittney is my stylist. She is efficient and pleasant and fairly priced. My wife and kids go to Amanda. Amanda is great with the kids and my wife trusts her to treat them well. She is very patient with our 5  clean atmosphere and the therapists and aestheticians are awesome. Only giving 4 stars because I had a bad experience with an eyebrow waxing several years ago with an apprentice and have never booked an appointment for a haircut as a result." If you looking for a great place This my second massage with Trish.  I went in all bent over and achy and came out standing tall.  When the hour was over my body was screaming for more.  I have had massages before with other therapists but there is just something about Trish that works magic.  She has limited hours because she has another full time job but she is worth getting in to see and have her work her magic.  Very therapeutic for me. I love the staff and the atmosphere.     always ready to offer a cup of Java? I have used different styles and aways love the results! Just wanted to update and add another shout-out for massage therapist Trish. She's the best! In town for a wedding.  Eric did an amazing job on my hair.  Staff was very friendly. I came here following a student. On trial basis. It's kind a small place but very calming....havnt figured out why yet.  You feel spoiled here. I only get my hair done here but planning to use other services soon. I noticed that other clients as well get great personal services here. It's nice to see men come here as well. "Tracy gives the best massages - deep tissue.  She is hard to get an appointment with because she is so good.  But it is definitely worth the effort to get in.  If I could afford it "Jen Reid is an awesome stylist!  She does such a great job with my color and is the ""brow-whisperer""."  but I am not going to look for a new hair salon. I seriously can't let anybody but Nicole to do my hair. She also does an excellent job doing nails and waxing. I totally recommend this great place."  and even an undercut. She has blown me away with every single look! She makes sure to accommodate your wants needs ulw4AUddco8iXjxAw9uAZw The young lady who cutted my hair would only rush and not take her time at cutting my hair. She does an okay job at cutting but needs to take the effort to do better. But the place is aright but as usual these people aren't professional hairstylists. Only know how to cut western style hairstyles.  affordable and wait times are not long. Everything is always consistent. They have always done a nice job!" Have been going to MCV Salon for more than a year. Always excellent service. Corina is friendly and energetic.  I always get a fantastic haircut.  Very well put together shop.  a hand massage while my hair was conditioning and an amazing cut all for the low price of $33! I already have plans to make it back. Thank you for being so wonderful!"  which is very high.  To not take credit card tips at this price point is ridiculous.  I was embarrassed that I have to come back with a cash tip for my stylist." "My experience at McV Salon was excellent. Staff is professional  I made myself home at MCV and have a regular hairdresser who makes my life easier and less stressful. Every four weeks for a trim. The convenience and little text message alerts and reminders that MCV send to my phone to remind me of my appointment are helpful. I have a tendency to forget or not write appointments down. Oh and Kirsten does an amazing job. Such talent.  Highly recommend" The only thing I don't like is that you can't put a tip on your card. Half the time I forget and have to run and get cash and go back."  I will NOT be going back to MCV again.  If my hair ever grows back to a reasonable length I have been a client at MCV for about 7 years! I've never felt let down; I always receive the best service and love the highly qualified stylists they employ. MCV really goes all-out in its treatment of clients; their care and attention to detail really shows. Highly recommend!  after some time certain portions of the service started to slide.  Also treatment to certain former stylists by the salon left a really bad taste in my mouth.  I now only buy my product here.  The last time I purchased my product I was treated exceptionally rude by the front desk.  She was completely uneducated on product and even more uneducated on the computer system.  I have been an Aveda Pure Privilege member for 10 years Updated review: Been waiting 45 min for my haircut appointment with no acknowledgment." "Friendly and knowledgable staff.  Always a positive experience.  Tip: Don't forget to arrive a few minutes early and grab a latte at the coffee shop next store before your appointment.  However  but I would recommend Rebecca Lynn Studio to anyone looking for a great deal on great service.  As of 4 13 they were going to be closed for 10 days to remodel  too.  She will definitely be going back there for any future hair appointments.  Actually "Just visited for the first time. Dan is fantastic!! Great service and great price. I'll be back...you should go "I can't say enough good things about this place.  I've literally never been happier with a haircut - and I used to work at a high-end salon and have had a LOT of haircuts.  Dan is friendly and listens.  I told him how I wanted to look but that I wasn't sure quite how to achieve it.  I told him basically what I was thinking and told him to make a few executive decisions.    Result: Best  friendly people! Not to mention my girlfriend's hair looks great! :)" "We discovered this place when my 4 year old gave herself a haircut and she needed some additional help.  It happens to be conveniently located down the street from us and was recommended by a friend.  Turned out to be a good experience.  They are very friendly I was looking for a place on the east side and came across Rebecca Lynn Studio. I had a great experience with both my haircut and eyebrow waxing. I am certainly going to return for follow up visits. My stylist spent a lot of time on both a new hair style and reshaping my brows. It was an excellent visit and I highly recommend the salon. I had a great experience here! Very friendly. Very informative. She made me feel comfortable and able to say what I want my hair to look like. I will definitely go there again! Highly recommend.  they only take cash or check." "Received a great cut! Dan spent time beforehand with photos and really understood what I wanted to achieve. Studio had nice feng shui. Parking was free and directly across the street. Great prices  Dan has a 7 day guarantee & fixed it up no problem!"  thank you thank you! :)"  Dan is very professional and patient. He let me address what I want and gave me some suggestions. Then he made sure I understood every sentence he said. It was a really great experience. If you are an international student in Madison So impressed by the professional service and obvious knowledge of the people who work here. Dan did a great job fixing a pretty shabby highlight job I got from a friend. Definitely my new go-to.  so I had a different newer gal. She did a great job on cutting my hair and giving it back some shape. She had nearly finished the cut when I mentioned that I would be willing to go a bit shorter. She was happy to do that even though it made her have to practically start over." Pricey and bad quality service.  I immediately had to re-do my hair upon leaving and did a much better job myself with products from Sallys.  (and for less than half of what I was charged..)  Bottom line:  Dont waste your money or time at this salon. I created a yelp account to write this review.  I came in for a trim that I had scheduled the day before.  Only one stylist working and no receptionist.  After waiting for her to finish up with her client the stylist informed me I had no appointment.  She checked the computer we found my name written under the wrong day and time.  She was not very apologetic for my inconvenience and nothing was offered to me to insure my return.   I will advise my friends and family not to visit this salon. If I hadn't moved I'd still be going!" Only 4 stars because you get what you pay for at Ananda." Oh...  the stylists name is Violet." I am always greeted warmly and offered something yummy to drink - well worth the cost."  the customer service when I was trying to check out was horrible." "I paid $45 for a manicure and it was not good. Nice employees  although they need to have a better waiting area (only 2 chairs shoved in the corner like an afterthought) and it would be helpful if the receptionist would ask to take people's coats (there is a coat rack  but the reason I go here is EMILY.  I've been getting my haircut by Emily for two years and I will not let anyone else cut it.  Every haircut is always met with enthusiastic approval from my wife and Emily goes out of her way to make me feel great.  I know - all of this is probably strange coming from a guy - but men can be picky too.  Bonus points for the Aveda pomade clay for men that works really well and lasts for quite some time." I have enjoyed my experiences at the Hilldale Anaala salon. Jacqi cut and colored my hair to perfection. I also received a pedicure that was ok. You can tell the girls don't enjoy giving them so it's not as relaxing as it should be. I also agree that there should be better seating while you wait for your stylist and there should be blinds up so people can't see you looking a mess while getting your hair done. I like the over all feel of the salon. The stylists don't talk to you much. They talk to each other a lot so it doesn't feel as personal. Which is ok for some people. I think there are areas that need to be addressed to make this salon a better experience but I will go back to see Jacqi for my hair cut and color. Go see her.  I am much older than her and didn't like being addressed as ""sweetie"" each time I brought up a concern- very condescending and unprofessional. The last cut was way off from what I wanted so decided it was time to move on. Found Kelly (owner of Reprise Hair Studio  frizzy hair and she gave me the perfect haircut for my hair type.  She also showed me how to style it easily and quickly.  I will call her the ""curl whisperer"".  My hair has never looked better I love this salon.  I moved to Madison about 6 years ago and was having trouble finding a salon I liked.  A year later I got lucky and have been going here since. Easy appointment making online or by phone. Different levels of stylists at different prices for a haircut (typically for most Aveda salons). Stylists are usually punctual with appointment times. My old salon did a bit more in terms of services that accompanied a haircut (head massage  it's close to my home and work so it's super convenient to drop in for a facial wax when I end up with some free time in my schedule.  I usually have good luck getting in with a couple of hour's notice or even as a walk-in  but the end product hasn't been great. I had a shellac manicure that chipped after three days. I've never had a shellac manicure chip - they always grow out first! My leg waxing was super quick and painless "So I went to Anaala for some partial highlights.  I told the stylist that I wanted the highlights to be natural looking but when I got home I saw that they were streaky and did not blend in with my hair. So I went back for her to put toner in to make them blend.  At the salon we looked at colors and she pointed to a light blonde she would use. I thought toners were darker usually and rinsed away with time so I pointed to a darker blonde I thought she should use. She said that would ruin the highlights and that she would keep the toner on longer Not impressed by the lack of professionalism of the stylist who didn't show up for an appointment I scheduled a month out. Was offered half off my next cut if I scheduled and decided not to having had such scheduling issues twice now. The salon has great potential and I will sadly not be returning.  very thick hair was in serious need of some layers to lighten things up. It's been a long while since I've been this excited about a haircut. Everyone at the salon was kind "WORST WORST WORST!!!.....The place called ""Great Clips"" is a hell where the blunderers offer their pathetic service of cutting hair. This place should be closed or boycott by everybody. I got the pathetic haircut ever. The cutter did not even try to understand my requirement and when i stopped her in between she very smartly said ""lemme finish and then u will see"". And what i finally received was a cut that resembled nothing but grass. All standing straight  given what I went through. I would not recommend going here. The price isn't even right  I walked around the corner so I could see what the stylist I requested was doing.  I realized that she was cutting a person's hair that walked in about 35 minutes after I arrived.  The reason that I am upset is because the manager could see that I had been sitting and waiting for 40 minutes or so. Nobody even bothered to ask me if I was waiting for my appointment. I walked out and they definitely knew I was upset.  I gave them my phone number so we will see if they call and attempt to rectify their poor customer service." Overall this spa has the most flexible packages for massages I've found.  And their first-time massage price can't be beat.  But don't expect a 'spa' experience."  my manicurist went MIA when I was in the nail dryer and I had to find another manicurist to fix one of my nails. Other than that  neat and attractive to the eye.  I will return." The atmosphere and decor are OK - not a complete spa feel  they are clear). As one of my hands had already been dipped they told us that actually they don't offer the gel service there and there must have been some confusion. We should have left then "ALL of  the stylist Ive seen have now left as well as the majority of the front desk staff. The place has gone down hill!  That being said the salons prices far exceed the experience!!!! Its decor is horrible. Paint is chipping off the walls Kevin the massage therapist is great. Listened carefully what I had to say and took care with my shoulder. Amber the receptionist is also great. WfeA7PurZdBOPXcGB27vEA  talking or laughing. They should maybe make that more of a quiet space with notices that people are in session.  Nothing Ellen could help though!" The Ultimate Spa and Salon is the only place I'll go to in Madison for any spa needs. It's definitely not cheap I LOVE Ultimate! A friend referred me to Alyssa and she is who has done my hair for the past two years! She's great and always makes me hair better than I imagined. The salon is nice. Other reviews say they are pricey but you get what you pay for. I get a paraffin dip and neck/scalp massage when I get my hair done. I'm not sitting there all day like other places. The front desk is very friendly and I even get mailed coupons for discounted services. I will be going back as long as I'm living in Madison. :)  but they have someone for everyone.  Ask to be matched up with someone that will suit your style and character."  I would like to add that their phone staff have always been delightful. So that and the limitations of yelp are the only reason they get a star.  I will update after I have my service  she looked FABULOUS!  I was very pleased with how it came out.  It was pricey to have it done The next morning I went to Tempt'd (2 blocks away) where I had a great experience in a fun  I had long locks and I wanted it cut between my chin and shoulder with some swept bangs added in. I wasn't positive about color. I feel the professional should know which colors would look best with my coloring. After some helpful suggestions Extremely disappointing first time visit. Showed up for my appointment and they told me that the massage therapist called in earlier in the day. They were nice enough to call me earlier but didn't actually leave me a message to say that my appointment was canceled. Thank you for wasting my time today. QseK4W6BwKsyDd36ksxeew Michael gives you individual one on one attention which is a nice change from other salons.  He does a nice consultation for what you are looking for.  I recommend him highly. I have been to many salons in Madison. Michael is the most skilled stylist I have found.  I have stayed with him for several years. His cuts really hold shape and look good as your hair grows. And as an added bonus you get to see the work of some of the best local artists.  and $20 for a haircut *this good* compared to $40 at the last place I used to go was just amazing. I have now converted one friend to using this as their main place and I'm working on another as well. Please check this place out!"  and resume cutting.  I felt like she knew the hairstyle was not looking good so she kept cutting it shorter and shorter to see if she could somehow make it look better.  I told her the shortest length I wanted was chin length but the back of my bed was cut like a boy's haircut.  I had to go to another hair salon (Regis in the mall) and the hairdresser there was horrified at the uneven layers and honestly told me that she could even out the layers but I would need to wait for it to grow out before she could attempt to re-style it.  I'm left with the worst haircut (not even a style) and I would not recommend anyone to visit this place. Spend a little bit more money and save yourself the trouble and disappointment."  such as eyebrow waxing. Cheap and didn't mess them up Never ever go this place again."  and left with a shag haircut. Not sure why the lady who cut my hair didn't understand what trim with long layers meant; we discussed it beforehand.  She easily cut 2 (!!!) inches off of my hair.  I am very very very unhappy.  Also  you'll get stuck with the other Red Hair employee (usually a non-Korean man and changes from time to time). That won't be a good move because he won't be able to give you the haircut you're looking for. That's why I usually had one of my Korean friends make the appointment for me."  or is my 6th sense not working well enough to notice all the ghosts occupying the seats? Clearly they don't want my business! Are my wavy locks not worthy of your ""for straight spiky hair use only"" scissors? I want a neck massage! I want to feel sexy! Very disappointed and hurt that my business was not accepted here."  shampooing for free. Now...the bangs. You need to specify exactly what you want to prevent them from butchering them. I don't know what happened  so do not feel like this place is only for Korean-speaking people. She always cuts fast and very stylishly. I normally just go in for the standard crew cut with variations here and there with length of top and sides  parking is difficult" Love getting my haircut here!  It's only $25 for a women's haircut.  I'm pretty picky about how much my hair is layered and I've never had a problem here.  Make sure to call in to schedule your appointment ahead of time during the school year because she's usually booked two days in advance.  but not if you want a quality haircut. My favorite part us that she cuts my hair while its dry so I know what it will normally look like. Yes "One of the fears with moving to a new place is not finding a good place for a haircut. I am so lucky as to find Red Hair on my 2nd day here in Champaign. Sue and Kee are absolutely amazing  the assistant (who doesn't cut hair) and the new hair stylist.  I've only experienced haircuts from the owner (with pre- and post-styling with the assistant). I'm not Korean One of the best in champaign area and the hairstylists are wonderful and nice! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs a nice haircut! One of the best in champaign area and the hairstylists are wonderful and nice! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs a nice haircut! Got a haircut this school year here and they definitely messed up my bangs pretty badly. Overpriced and never again especially for female haircuts. So dont go here no one speaks proper english and messes up with your hair"  which seemed strange. They took their time and listened to what I wanted. They washed my hair before and after I had my first haircut at Red Hair today and it worked out much better than I anticipated. The barber is highly skilled and easy to communicate with. Definitely will come next time.  and the customer service was poor.  It was not worth fighting campus traffic to get there." I went for lip and eye brow waxing. They are by appointment only. She did a great job on them and she really listen to what I want. Did a great job on my brows specially. I would go again. I had friends that would make the drive from Chicago just to get their haircut here. And I think that says something..."  but their prices have gone up ($40 for a cut from Rebecca) and I finally felt like they didn't want my business any more.  I had started going there when it was owned by Stephen and his partner (originators of ""If we can't make you look good  the less they seemed to want me there.  The staff was less friendly and uninterested if you weren't super hip and funky.  I just wanted a good cut  I love my hair long so I was afraid that change meant getting rid of a lot of my length.  Step in: Abby from Ippatsu.  She gave me a terrific cut that looks great curly or straight and the bangs she gave me were exactly what I asked for!  I am a new convert and haven't been this happy with my hair in years.  Thank you I'm gonna miss this place so much when I move :("  and there's a super cute chihuahua that roams around named Roxanne wearing pink. I think she's the owner's dog. It was a nice distraction to have around :)" Rx3CmXgtY335QhdIN2u_1g  but it does the job. I'll probably go here again next time I feel like splurging though."  i have grown to LOVE ippatsu over the last few years.  I have gone to Doug throughout my time going to ippatsu and he is absolutely incredible!  I have never felt so comfortable with someone cutting my hair!  I could easily tell him to do whatever he wanted and would not feel nervous for a second.  I would highly recommend the salon If you're looking for a new salon  and she does really stylish haircuts. I myself am very indecisive about what to do with my hair. Each time I receive great advice from her and I have not had any haircuts there that did not get the attention and compliments of others. The place has not match in CU."  I am in my early 20s but am a self-admitted dork. I am a far cry from being scene. They were always happy to have me there."  and the color was just meh. I found it overpriced for what it was and am still hunting for a great salon. I don't think it exists in Champaign." I am also not impressed with a grungy atmosphere and loud music  but I think next time I'm gonna try this lady at Roger's barber shop in Champaign instead."  but am quite pleased with the outcome. He took his time cutting it and was very thorough. I have curly hair that I wear both curly and straight. I've styled it on my own now and I like the way it looks both ways. I definitely recommend him to people of all hair types. He also has some kind of certification in cutting curly hair." I've been so impressed I'm using ippatsu for my wedding!" Ippatsu rocks my face off. Rebecca is the stuff dreams are made of. Period. Many people complain that the environment and staff in Ippatsu seem pretentious.  I admit many of the hairstylists might seem a bit intimidating with their unconventional hairstyles and tattoos  but I did not. And the bad service I experienced will keep me from coming back."  on this occasion I needed a haircut somewhat quickly due to an interview and Jake was booked for weeks.  I asked for the receptionist to recommend someone who was comfortable cutting curls and she made me an appointment with Kate.  Kate barely said 5 words the entire time Quit being cheap people and get a good hair cut!!"  it's easy to spend an hour with him. He taught me how to use the products at home and make my hair look as good as in salon. We ended my cut with a hug. Wherever Doug is  skill & passion for his art is just amazing. I look forward to our visits - very fun & relaxed. Much more down-to-earth than one might expect from the downtown vibe.  Plus  I have naturally curly hair that tends to go all Roseanne Roseannadanna if not properly sculpted.  Judging solely on other reviews of Ippatsu  the salon was a sauna! They couldn't be bothered to turn on the AC even though it was 85 degrees out. I saw the salon's thermostat at a staggering 92 degrees and my body was sticking to the chair. The other stylists stared and awkwardly eavesdropped while I was getting my hair cut. Overall  utterly butchered it. She cut it so that there was huge amounts of volume in the sides and a narrow V at the back. It literally was meant to destroy my appearance. Awful  learning of this from their voice mail message.  Early the very next morning Bob called and got me in with Doug later that morning.  Doug was wonderful.  He encouraged me to continue growing my hair out p.s. Don't forget that they've moved to their new location on Chester! :)" P.S. I HATE to spend money-- especially on haircuts. I believe the extra expense if worth every penny."  and the people ... they are so helpful and really take the time to make sure you are getting something that will work for you - your personality "Jamie Marlow is the world's best hairstylist.  There is no one I would rather go to.  She does exactly what you want and works with you and your hair.  My favorite thing about Jamie as a stylist is that she'll never try to do a cut on you that wouldn't work with your hair.  She's really good at different hair textures and won't just manhandle it into submission and give you a style you'll never be able to reproduce at home.  She also won't tell you what you can and cannot do with your hair.  She makes it work.  Jamie listens  is simply outstanding. I'm just grateful that they've taken me back when I've been foolish enough to try another salon. It won't happen again  tis place is absolutely not at all whatsoever overpriced. I was charged $40 and tipped an extra $10 for an excellent first attempt with difficult hair. In Chicago I was paying nearly $90 for that kind of consistency (which in the city can run you upwards of $150 a cut). I was in and out in less than an hour with a style that I didn't want to wash out as soon as I got home. It's your hair  stylists who listen and do a good job. But I finally found it! I love my new hair cut! Amy did an amazing job! She's nice and friendly and was able to give me a beautiful trim. I'll definitely be going back." I really liked my haircut and will certainly go back if I get the chance. Even though it's a bit pricier than I would normally pay for a haircut  I forgot to buy something before they ran my card. I can't be the only one who forgot to pick up a bottle of awesome before paying."  I called up Ippatsu (via a recommendation from a coworker) and made an appointment for a hair color with Johnathon. I went from a dark blonde to auburn and I absolutely love it! Johnathon was friendly  and (most importantly) they're good at what they do. :-)" The environment is inviting and friendly." Rx3CmXgtY335QhdIN2u_1g  chill and relaxed. Overall fantastic experience and I highly advise anyone to go b" I asked for a basic color service and the stylist burned my scalp. I went back to the salon to let the owner know about my experience and she was beyond rude. She refused to speak to me about my concern and threw a refund check at me. Never again. Go elsewhere!  and I finally found a fantastic one!!  Debbie took me from over-processed hi-lights to a fantastic auburn and I couldn't be happier!  I also got a great brow wax.  Finally  I've still somehow gotten some awful haircuts in my tenure.  I've been going to Ali at Hairbenders for about a year now  she missed quite a bit of hair that was to be removed.  That sucks.  I pay to get waxed so I DON'T have to shave  even for guys. They totally listen to your needs and you end up walking out feeling good.  I would say for a place on campus it's one of the best you'll find in town." I have been going to Debbie for a little over a year now and have never been let down.  The prices are reasonable for the area and service is great. The staff members are all very friendly and it has always felt welcoming each time that I've been there.  Getting a haircut and styled runs about $25 for me.  I've never had trouble scheduling an appointment for when I've needed to The stylists are nice and friendly. I love the joke one plays on me when they ""That will be a million dollars  it is very clean and nice! Tracey did my wax and I will definitely be going there again. She is a nice lady who knew what she was doing. She did a good job and was very clean always using new waxing materials!! If you are looking for a good establishment and a good wax bring your hair self down here!"  the better experience you will have. Tracy is great!" "Last semester I went to a chain hair place on Lincoln near Cafe Paradiso and got the worst hair cut of my life. Today Good cheap hair cut for men.  I had a wonderful modern hair cut and used to get haircuts at Mario triccoci and Aveda in the past.  I was happy to find out that Donna trained at Aveda and came here.  For good cheap modern haircuts you can't go wrong here.  helpful staff always makes you feel welcome. Never a bad experience. Tracy rocks!" "I'm a young male who just wanted a pretty simple haircut w/ no styling A fine haircut in the C-U area for cheap means I'll be back in about 45 days for another one."  fast haircut. Great location near campus. $11 Tuesdays  but I thought I would give it another try because I was low on cash and time. So I went to the cost cuttery by Green and Neil. I had to wait about 20 mins but that was expected for a walk in place. I had Stephanie cut my hair. She was friendly and gave me a pretty good hair cut quickly. I was surprised she could do it so quickly because I have thick long hair. There was no wash or style but I saved myself about $20. I would go back for a cut again. If your looking for just a cut with no bells or whistles then I would suggest getting your hair cut here."  but welcomed me to the city--it was my first week and I was just trying to find local places to handle necessities that I needed taken care of. Not only all of that  friendly and affordable.  They do a great job and I have no complaints.  Keep up the great work."  they know their stuff. Very affordable and stylist keep up with trends." "This location is awesome. The people are always friendly and Stephanie is very skilled. She managed to cut an identical haircut that I got in California that cost $60! Not only is she friendly and talented Melanie and all the other stylists at the 10 E. Green are a great staff and the main reason (besides getting an excellent haircut and good advice) that I keep returning to this location.  but I recommend calling before going. Just to make sure they'll be available."  fixed a very botched haircut I had gotten the day before at a different "I was attracted by all these positive reviews on Yelp so I went there for my haircut. However it was such a disappointment. My haircut was cut by a very young lady seems like apprentice. She had no idea what to do "Best barbershop in the phoenix area.  Go to Vadim...he is like the michael jordan of cutting hair! 16 bucks and some change with a military discount. Straight razor lineup OtDcALEX6-LfEOQE0QgHYw  but I will explore other options first to see if I find something better."  great atmosphere. I will probably return again." "My husband got the worst haircut ever today from Jackie. Right off the bat she started shaving his head too close and too high on the sides and then cut it way too short on top. When my husband said ""This isn't what I asked for"" You owe it to yourself to give it a shot I grew up going to an old school barbershop and this has definitely became my spot since moving to Phoenix." OtDcALEX6-LfEOQE0QgHYw  and knew scissor cutting well. The hot towel and straight blade neck shave was a nice touch to finish. Check it out if you're looking for somewhere new!" This place is absolutely outstanding the service is exceptional especially from Vic and Willy who are masters of their craft and you get a big screen TV a complementary soft drink and a wonderful big comfy chair to sit in I would recommend this place for any gentleman who needs a wonderful haircut I'm not going anywhere else from now on." """Boybershop"" bring your boys in for the full treatment. Omar did a great job trimming up our 2.5 year old!" A pool table. Reminiscent of a bye gone era. Best cut I've had in years. Thanks Omar Hands down the best hair cut I have had....I have been coming here for 3 years now and the level of service is unmatched by any other place I've been. Issac is the man here but everyone does a great job! Great first time experience at a barbershop! Had tvs playing espn while you wait and had a lot of guys working so it wasn't that long. The guy who cut my hair really took his time and did a great job. Will be back! Would definitely recommend this place Omar has been cutting my hair for a few months so of course I would cone here for my wedding haircut.  He never lets me down! "I'm writing this review on behalf of my husband because he won't get his hair cut anywhere but V's.  Even on a busy day "I've gone to this place a few times now and will not be going anywhere else.  The barbers I've had are very skilled. Nothing is worse than someone messing up your hair.  What I like the most is they don't rush you in and out like a normal hair place does. They take there time and even sometimes have some good conversation if you want' so there could be a down side about waiting. But don't look at it that way because believe me when it's your turn   and ESPN on all of the TVs. Thank you David for the great shoe shine." "Very misleading and deceptive. Trying to submit a schedule appointment but system is down. Called to arrange an appointment and Eddie said ""just come in we're slow today"" I show up and he tells me he's booked! Not the way to earn someone's business and I'm a loyal type of consumer that tips well. Oh well take my business elsewhere. Not worth driving 20 minutes for this type of treatment."  and haircut.  I paid the same price but there was no shampoo or shoeshine. The place was crazy busy and I'd recommend an appointment or you'll be waiting a long time.  I'd probably go back but only get a haircut and not add on anything additional." "I am have been looking for a ""real"" barbershop for a while. This place has it all. Good service and always an amazing haircut. Don't waste your money anywhere else."  the barber sat down his friend from outside of work before me. Never again will I get an expensive lousy haircut from this joke of a barbershop. Last but definitely not least  not tense or awkward like a lot of barbershops when you first walk in. Sports on the Tv and a warm towel to end a great first experience  they messed my hair up so bad I had to seek other options. V's is right around the corner and I can't believe I waited so long to come here. My haircut was on point and it was the same price as sports clips!" I finally got a haircut over an hour later. Great cut but the shop could use better management." OtDcALEX6-LfEOQE0QgHYw "I'm basically an upbeat positive person...but some days I'm not my normal corky self. I arrived at Perry Monge flumoxed and in a bad mood--a special event meant that all nearby lots cost $12 for parking. Spending $12 for parking is spendy for a day in San Francisco...but in Phoenix for an hour? Please. I mentioned this to the poised woman at the check-in desk who said that next time I should park in the lot at their building where they validated parking. She then brough out a yummy iced tea for me to sip while filling out the new client form. I went to the bathroom The  massage before the shampoo is standard and more than once I've fallen asleep.  Once a couple years ago  and ""trick"" you into buying something you really don't need just to boost their commission sales. Jennifer hasn't the foggiest notion how to properly complete a man's haircut. She neglected to trim the sideburns "I absolutely love Perry Monge Salon!  I have been going there since 2004 and it has never disappointed.  The entire staff is friendly and makes you feel right at home.  Marina is amazing with hair...I only wish she could style my hair every morning!  The extra perks beyond an amazing hair cut are the chair massage before your wash and the hand massage during your cut!  I spend 75% of my time in Dallas and 25% of my time in Phoenix I'm still in love with Aveda and I'm now in love with Perry Monage."  warm) and the people who work there.  Patricia is awesome managing the office and always recognizes my voice when I call.  The facials from Brittany are wonderful and I get constant compliments on my hair.  Well worth the extra dollars for the extra care and expertise!" Excellent Customer Service...Outstanding Hair Cuts...The best in Town! "I love this place! The customer service is second to none. The front desk staff is always friendly and helpful. I have a great hairstylist I highly recommend Marie Luce Og03_vbBCVAFNHXgdflRLw  cut and styled my hair as well as plied me with champagne AND did my makeup.  I am not from Phoenix but if I was I would never go anywher else."  This is not your average salon where you go for just a cut. I got a hand massage and a back massage. The owner Perry is there walking around talking to all the customers. The ladies are all friendly! Even if you don't live close by this salon it is well worth the drive."  I used MariLuz (sp?) as my brow stylist. She really brought out the best in my brows  the stylist lathered on a lot of artificial flattery and tried to pressure me to buy a bunch of unnecessary over-priced random products.  But all that I needed when I left this place was a new pedicure--which I gave to myself with some drugstore polish.  Never ever again will I go here!  Absolutely horrible experience."  the work lasts and your hair leaves healthier than it did before."  and I always feel taken care of. I tend to be picky but vague as to what I want (indecisive maybe!!) but she sees right through that and makes my hair look fabulous  and the iced cappuccino is a must! This really is a gem of a salon Not easy to cut well and they always deliver! Little massage before your haircut is a nice perk!" LOVE this place. I've been going for almost three years... Jen is fabulous. Even after moving to Gilbert over two years ago I refuse to go anywhere else. My only negative comment is the constant upselling of products... but I'll stick with the five stars anyways.  color and lots of extra perks such as a chair massage  my hair was in a hair tie without even saying anything she just reaches and pulls a piece of my long hair from behind my ear -that was tied In the hair tie! (Which was painful) While walking along side me to her chair she reached to grab the hair tie and strip it out of my hair. I couldn't believe it she was being so rude i immediately put my hand up to stop her from doing that. I've never been treated that way at an aveda salon. Because of her rudeness I left and did not do my hair there. The rest of the people at the salon were nice do not get Jessica and had to pay a parking garage fee. What a waste of time!" Absolutely wonderful service. I have been going there for about a year or so and They treat you with the upmost respect and make you feel at home! I would HIGHLY recommend them for anything and everything. Perry is a respectful man while Marilou and I believe her name is Brenda create conversation and just make you feel comfortable. I wouldn't change a single thing if I were them! Props to this amazing place!  LOVE THIS PLACE! All the girls and guy (Perry) are always so welcoming. Jennifer is still a boss at doing my hair just right.. Can't say enough good things about this gem.. Love you guys!"  they listen to you and come up with the best options all the time"  all the changes of hair!! With it their iced cappuccinos make my heart melt! I love the service and many don't know but you can also ask for a mini-facial. Check them out...tell them Charalotte sent you and you will not be disappointed!" Og03_vbBCVAFNHXgdflRLw "I've been going to Perry Monge Salon for about a year now and have never been disappointed. They will exceed your expectations in every sense. Amanda does my hair and nails and I'm convinced she is a magician  and there's a reason I keep coming back! Everyone here is professional and friendly - I'm never afraid when I see someone new. The service is top quality "What can I say about Perry Monge Salon Spa??? The salon is fabulous and its a great experience if you are a first time customer. Everyone is super friendly and down to earth. Alma is the ""real deal"" when it comes to getting that precise haircut and relaxer. She is totally awesome and give you an honest assessment of your hair for services. Very proficient with African American hair!  Definitely check her out!!.... Alma you Rock!!!"  you can walk in and walk out with a banging new do in about 45 minutes.  A complimentary dry is part of the package and while I might stop at ""Perry"" for some rosemary mint shampoo  I assumed she would be able to juggle both clients. 20 minutes later the girl looking bored behind the counter (Miss Greeter Ray O' Sunshine) tells my friend to go to a groudy looking sink in the back of the dark salon. I didn't know you can wash someones hair well in 2 minutes. She allows us to hang in the back of the salon and both stylists (only two were working that night) are still going strong on their clients. 20 Minutes later ""Miss Thang"" moves us from the back of the salon to a chair. 10 minutes later the stylist (who by the way keeps calling me the wrong name and won't stop gossiping about other clients and their lives) starts in on my friends hair who is a nervous wreck at this point. She cuts it just below her ears. Fine. She starts in on styling. Ok  at Miguels on 16st/Roosevelt. They woman didn't listen and chopped off my hair!! I left crying.  When I get brave enough again Visit the new website http://www.elyellasalon.com/ If I could give this place 0 stars I would not only did they once cut my hair shorter on one side bt my sister went there today and not only did They dye her hair the wrong color they somehow stained her skin as well as staining her $300 coach purse needless to say I highly recommend that you DO NOT I repeat DO NOT go to this place!!!  NEVER had a bad experience. They really take into consideration what you tell them you want and the employees there are very nice. They were even nice enough to  put my hair in a pony tail before cutting it once when I wanted to donate my hair to locks of love and they did and gave it to me so I could send it in to the organization to use. So if you're looking for a good haircut for a reasonable price they're definitely the ones to go to. Like I said I've NEVER had a bad experience ALWAYS on point on their services. Wouldn't change them for anyone else and I live on the faaaaaarr west side of town so it takes me about a half hour drive." This place is the worst beauty salon i have ever been to and Worst experience i ever had. I gave them a picture of how i wanted my hair and it came out nothing how i expected. The lady and the man there said that they will be able to do it that it was not complicated but obviously it was because they werent able to do it. I kept on telling the lady that i didnt like it but she kept saying it looked fine and wasnt listening to me. I was being calm about the situation. I asked her if she could fix it and she tried to fix it but it still looked bad. she would say t at she liked the other way i had my hair that the one she gave me wasnt as good. I still paid them which made me upset and gave a tip. they wont answer my phone calls. That's very unprofessional if you won't even answer the phone calls what kind of business is this. I will never come back to this place and I'm only writing this because I think people should know how it actually is. Normally I hate writing reviews but people deserve to know this is probably the worst place to get your hair done. I have no idea how they are able to call themselves professionals and charge me a lot when the service provided was terrible. If i could put zero stars on this review i would. "So this is my pre review. I called and asked for an appointment. The woman over the phone was courteous and professional. I was able to get the early appointment I needed. My stylist called me back and went over my expectations  very gifted in her hands and very welcoming place they make you feel comfortable and you always satisfied" Update 9/20/07 - I got another cut and color in August.  Color was wonderful as always.  Cut was atrocious.  It was kinda in the $8 super cuts range.  I hardly trusted them to give it another go.  If you did this once It is unfortunate that the other person who reviewed Salon Estique had a bad experience with the salon. I'd say definitely give them another try The inside of the salon is very nice and friendly but that's where my positive review stops.  While waiting I was given a tour of the salon which I thought was a bit odd.  It amounted to a sales pitch for their various services.  My stylist greeted me and immediately complemented me on my necklace.  Her assistant immediately complemented me on my boring skirt.  When I paid for my mediocre cut the girl complemented me on my ring.  I'm not against receiving a genuine complement but this was obviously forced and must have come from a How to Win Clients manual.  During my cut I was repeatedly told about their menu of services and products.  Before the cut I showed several pictures of what I wanted.  The end result is nothing like the pictures and is very dull and plain.  I could have saved myself $45 and gone to Super Cuts.  I would have requested a touch up but I was already there for over an hour and needed to get home.  Before the cut was finished I was asked by the stylist's assistant when I wanted to schedule my next appointment.  I know that I could go back for a re-cut but my faith in their ability is shot and for $55 I expect it to be good the first time.  and a great end result. My hair turned out beautiful and I got a few compliments that night. I plan to return in February for my next visit." My favorite part?  Every hair treatment comes with a fabulous scalp massage!  There's nothing quite like a scalp massage to take away the stresses of the day." I have a friend who had her brows butchered by someone so I was really apprehensive about going somewhere for that.  Ever since I found Liz I love my brows.  They're not too thin and they've got a great fullness and arch to them.  Liz is awesome!" "My daughter and I love Liz! She does a wonderful facial and wonderful massage during the facial. A few days after the facial  I enjoy my experience and end results each time at Salon Estique. I would recommend them to anyone who lives in this area. Ten minutes from my home is just an added perk!" I went to Salon Estique and had an amazing experience. From the moment I walked in the door I was treated like someone very important to them. Very professional and warm environment. My services were done beautifully. My hair is difficult to cut but they were top notch. They have a regular client in me. "I've been to Arturo at Salon Estique for gel nail polish a few times now. I absolutely love the gel polish as it is so durable and stays shiney for 2 to 3 weeks. Arturo makes my nails beautiful and is so detail oriented. He is also as quick as anybody can be with the gel polish system. Salon Estique is not the least expensive place that you can gel the gel polish but Arturo is worth the extra $$. Moreover  and well worded. Her facial massage is just wonderful. She takes care of any issues with my skin and suggests product that is appropriate but is not pushy. I would suggest her to anyone   and have found a stylist that I love that does my hair for $50 cheaper and she does it in a mere two hours." They always do everything right. That's all I need to say! The prices are comparable to any other upper end salon I've seen and the experience is worth every penny.  I wouldn't trust anyone else with my color." I am definitely looking forward to my next visit!"  and how well they treated me. And as for my hair? Let's just say I walked out feeling better than I have in years! I have really coarse straight Asian hair I highly recommend this place. I've never had a nicer experience. Whatever the owners are doing - it's working." If you're looking for a relaxing salon with a great staff of friendly  but they gave me 3 free cuts then refused to let me use them and fucked up my hair and refused to fix it! Their 100%guarantee is nottttt valid! I was a very loyal client for 2 years. Fuck this place"  and massages with the haircut since it was my first time. I loved the style and color I got and happily wore it out for my birthday. They also have some good coupons and discounts. It isn't cheap though  85% grey hair that I wear blond and highlighted.  Eva is a caring stylist and very good with color. After 6 months she changed the color to make a darker low light and gave me blond highlights which look quite good. Her haircuts are spot on. She takes the time to listen to your concerns and is eager to please.  I agree that assistants sometimes do the blow dry and/or shampoo. I'd rather have Eva do everything Message me if you have any questions-- as a 15 year customer (and I'm still in my 20s "I recently participated in a silent auction and bid on and got a certificate for services at Salon Estique.  The money went to a great charity This is a FULL SERVICE SALON that has it all together. Frequent buyer discount cards/good bag give aways with discounts on facials/treatments! They covered all their bases PLUS MORE and I will definitely be back!" "Love everything about this salon! Eva is incredible with color! She not only is very capable of explaining what will work and will not work but she understands what you want and then exceeds "The service is excellent. I show up every 5 weeks to see Desiree V to keep my color looking great and my hair cuts young but professional. The staff offers lemonade I would NOT recommend this salon unless you know the specific hair dresser. My hair was thrashed. The cut was crooked and the layers where a mess.  I have thick long hair and she texturized it when there was no need to do that.  I would stay away from this place  unless you know specific hairdresser.  I'm from out of town and just went in for a cut and it was a disaster. I probably got someone on a bad day based on all these other glowing reports.  they do a wonderful job. All the staff is fast & friendly and have great knowledge in the profession. I enjoy coming here and it is very easy to relax. They have an amazing beverage selection while you are there. They can be kind of steep on the prices Always a great turn out when I leave this place." I highly recommend Salon Estique."  what more could you ask for as a man in a salon?" I love this salon!  Eva Verdugo is an amazing stylist!  She always takes the time to discuss what you are thinking about your hair and give you input. The salon also creates a relaxing environment. You won't be disappointed. Book an appt with Eva! "I have been going to Faye for years! She is by far the most talented I came to this salon for years and was proud to support a woman owned and operated business. Then they hired a manager who truly was inept and also appeared to overbook the stylists. It was apparent that there was an agenda going on. This place has gone down hill. It is not the fun place it used to be not is the  customer service what it used to be I've been coming here for a year and I LOVE this place! Desiree is the best! I always leave happy and will definitely be back. "Hollis did a great job! She made sure my expectations were realistic and did a price breakdown before she got started. It was pretty pricey ( way more than I've ever spent on my hair- $149) for highlights and toner. The salon itself is very nice. They do complimentary wine and scalp massages! Overall "I loved my first experience with salon estique.i had Charlie and she is amazing.  I went in not knowing what I wanted  and Alicia does an unbelievable job. I'm extremely picky and I'm always happy with my hair. They offer refreshments and a scalp massage with your shampooing. The service has always been outstanding. The only reason I give 4 stars is because of the very high prices. Granted you will walk away happy I've been seeing Liz for years and will not let anyone else shape my brows or provide skincare services.  She is the best! I've been going to this salon for 9 years!  I love it and I love my stylist Katrina. I walk out with exactly what I asked for. They know how to do color really well and the cut techniques are up-to-date. All the stylists stay current with their training. Their esthetician service are equally great. Liz does my eyebrows and on occasion a facial. Excellent!  If you haven't been there and you are looking for a new place give Salon Estique a try! "I went in on Saturday for a complimentary first time make up.  I assume it is to get you hooked and come back. Not happening. I was greeted nicely and offered something to drink. The girls were nice but my make up sucked. The eyeshadows were poorly applied  professional and simply makes you feel good from the minute you enter the place. Highly recommended!!"  put me at ease and made the entire experience practically enjoyable! Lol will definitely go back to Serena and recommend her! Have ALREADY told many to give her a call!"  I told my stylist that I also needed to change my look to match the new style.  She referred me to Makeup artist /Aesthetician Sarina Pruitt.  Not only did I get exactly what I wanted but Sarina also showed me how to achieve the look in 15 minutes when I do it my self.  I wanted something natural so I could wear it everyday to work.  The eye shadow I normally frequent an old-style barber shop so Estique was a bit out of my norm.  My hair stylist Cyndra was very welcoming and did a superb job; better than my barber whom I've been seeing for 5+ years.  I definitely recommend this salon for men's cuts and highly recommend Cyndra for any work that needs to be done.  I will be booking her for my future visits.  this place is NOT a nail salon. If I had hair that could be cut and styled (I have dreads) I'd give them a try for hair services. I have $35 left on my gift card but I will let my son use it for a haircut. I won't be back for nail services. My feet hurt from the cracking and calluses  never again."  responsive and courteous staff.  Charlie did a great job on my haircut.  Faye does amazing facials.  They're also very charitable donating to nonprofits.  Prices are good and the salon is always clean." Oh the one downside is maybe the price-tag? But I believe with hair Never disappointed with the hair cuts my husband and I get. They are patient and give you what you want. QFgoJO1GSS2RadBsEop7yQ Adrienne put some bright back in my hair and it turned out great! Thank you! She was friendly and fast much appreciated! I will be coming back.  huge for me. Her personal style is cute too.  Salon is always clean and busy."  and damaged hair with many layers and left with beautiful long locks. I had bought Omgnb hair extensions from online shop. She layered them looks completely natural. I didn't lose any hair  If you want an amazing experience along with an amazing color and cut They have Wonderful customer service and the girls were all so sweet and very knowledgable."  to Brazils and is gentle with my skin and listens to exactly what I want.  I also love her facials. Liz has a great sense of style and knows how to beautify you in an instant. Not to mention she is adorable Melly and Aspy were abs uh lute ly amazing! They completely understood what I wanted for my hair color and were refreshingly personable and friendly. I've definitely found my go to place for cuts and color!  was she right! My hair not only looked amazing but felt amazing. It was soft and full of body- nothing like I expected after getting it bleached. I highly recommend Alicia and the salon! Trust me you will not leave disappointed!"  professional and affordable. The aroma of Aveda greets you the second you open the front door. While washing your hair with the yummy Aveda products your bound to get a delicious head massage in the process. Lights out Mary! So relaxing. If you're really nice 1iP6SyuWpm_4E6Mx6zOS9A  and I'm not even sure I know where Peoria even is."  gold and yellows...blends in perfectly with their Aveda Salon concept. My hairdresser is Amina and she's super sweet. She always has a big smile on her face when she sees me Carnes y quesos! Las chicas caliente a Ide Mania rock my chain Maria! Cada time. And now mis novias estan in una salon nueva. Same fabulosa mujeres. But en un building muy pretty with suelos de wood and colores muy soothing. Ole for Ide Mania. Gracias for keeping Tomasito muy guapo and muy feliz! TE AMO IDE MANIA!!!!!  but this was the first time I walked out of a salon and have been totally happy with my hair. Big thank you to Stephen for being so awesome!!" 1iP6SyuWpm_4E6Mx6zOS9A "I love this salon! Gina and Lilly are incredible and if you want a salon that caters to every need  and the color is absolutely perfect!  My eyebrows look amazing!  Next appointment is already booked.  The wonderful thing about this salon is that I can get a mini facial while my hair is processing!  I can't wait to go back!  Thanks so much everyone!" Parking was very difficult and I have no idea if I even parked in the right spot.  Thankfully I wasn't there long though and didn't get a ticket."  one of the girls actually responded to my voicemail and called me back today to schedule an appt. Seriously? Someone actually called back? Major kudos in my book and then they were able to take me in this afternoon/evening which made me very happy. I was almost 15 minutes late to my appt because the address on my gift certificate was their old location so be aware that they are at Central and south of Virginia  a chic and affordable Aveda salon in downtown Phoenix. Hooray! I love this place. The ladies at the front desk are SO warm and inviting - they're the kind of people who would make you forget all about your bad day. I trust Lilly with my waxes - she is friendly and very knowledgeable. I was scared for my first wax and asked her about a million questions "I went in to Ide Mania for the first time the other day just to pick up some Aveda products.  Typically I buy them online because I can't stand the staff at Aveda salons  I will be going back soon for a trim and highlights!"  she is magic with those scissors. The women who work there are all SOOOO sweet and helpful. I am Super picky and have fine curly hair and am always terrified when its time to get a cut because I'm afraid its gonna turn out bad (and gluing my hair back on isn't an option) but I am NEVER disappointed. Thank you Miranda and all the IDE staff! You guys rock!" The best part was that I ended spending less than what I had been spending at Salon Estique.  $135 for a highlight  it lacks the uppity vibe that I expected. The staff is professional and knowledgeable but also welcoming and sincere. Love love love this place!" My mom and brother who go there both have curly hair and Lettie knows exactly what to do and how to make their hair look the way they want.   My 17 year old brother has been able to grow out his curly hair from short to about to a little above the shoulders  but I only just discovered this gem. The entire staff is friendly and welcoming. They are an Aveda salon which I love - great products. It is a very laid back atmosphere. Lettie cut/colored my hair and did a fantastic job. I felt very comfortable with her and my cut is 500 times better than what I had before going to her. Definitely recommend this place! It's not cheap  but the final cut she gave me is stunning! I can't write enough about how much I love it...and her! I strongly recommend Ide Mania! Trust me  or being here a while and your hair stylist is not cutting it... go to Ide Mania...don't waste your time... Plus they use Aveda...yeah."  and gave me a fabulous cut.  She really knows what to do with curly hair!  I only had to put a little product in my hair this morning -- no hair dryer  let me save you the trouble -- COME HERE!!  Ask for Erica!" I look forward to going back in a few months. If you are new in town or just looking for a new place "This place is so perfect! I never had problems with the services. I just sit down and tell them to surprise me every time that I'm there. With all guts  I believe her :) Miranda is a color AND cut expert! She even used texture scissors on my hair--a first for me and I LOVE it! My color is just perfect. I tend to be a one stylist person and I literally stumbled on this salon . . .and I will be back. Thank you Mania!"  I didn't even GET THERE and they were trying to upsell me and get me to buy their shampoo and conditioner OVER THE PHONE while I""m trying to make an appt.  When I didn't understand the woman (she was so focused on selling me on paying an extra $40 so they can show me how to use a shampoo and conditioner they have  I will be back. Love Ide Mania."  and is still rude and lying in her comments.  She invited me in her comment to try another salon.  Wow.  thank you.  I did.  And I LOVED it.  And they let me try the Invati products and helped me with all of that for FREE.  that's right.  What you actually did say is that for more money you will let me try the Invati.  No thanks."  and she was by far the best stylist I've ever had. My hair is pretty deceptive. It appears to be completely normal slightly wavy hair until you start working with it. Then you realize that I have a ton of hair with as many cowlicks as is humanly possible. I also have some of those ""mature blonde hairs"" growing in a little more than they should at my age. Despite all of these challenges PS - Their prices are also great! Better than any other salon I've been to WITH better service and results."  always friendly and fun. I've been going to Susan for a year and a half now. I'm gonna miss her when I move." The price is more expensive than the last place I went (which I loved) but I wanted some place closer to work/home.  I'm really happy I found Ide Mania and Erica.  I highly recommend this salon." I was told to go to this salon by my best friend after I had fried my hair in a depressed state. (Long story)  I slumped in and was immediately set at ease and take care of totally by Erica with a FANTASTIC cut and Gina with some color shampoo.   The damage finally grew out but I still go because Erica or Susan give me such great cuts and Gina gets me in when I need to - fast too!  Lily does great waxing and the place is just urban cool.  It smells good too.  she cut and styled my hair. The second was a dye and highlights! She was fantastic! The customer service was awesome and everywhere I go I truly feel like a part of the Ide mania family and would highly encourage anyone to go there. Tell Lili I said hello!" Just moved into town and received a recommendation to see Ide. She is a super start!! Made some great recommendation about the health of my hair and gave me the best haircut in years!! Super friendly on top of it. Loving this place and am so happy that I found a fantastic new hairdresser so quickly!! Booked a appointment for 3 people to get hair cut and color- were talking over $500 in sales for this business. We show up 10 minutes early and they all of sudden couldn't get us in or care to help us. Worst customer service ever. They do all that chicky stuff too including waxings but I can't say that I got experience from them on that end." Only disappointment is they don't do shaves."  I won't go anywhere else.  I brought my grown children there ARTHUR TURNED MY DAUGHTERS HAIR INTO A MASTERPIECE!!  I am so pleased with the service at this salon  his son Scott and granddaughter Sarah all made me feel welcome during my visit.  I received a cut I can't wait to get my hair styled next ;)" "This place is Not Closed! It is off the beaten path.. Veez is Old school.. Playboy magazines to yar at while your getting a cut and ashave.. Its laid back and doesn't apologize for it.. They have great girls working there... Virginia has been cutting my har for about 3 years now.. She takes about an hour with shampoo  I have happy hour snacks and sangria at Fuego... Makes for a fun time getting your hair did!  ;-)" Great salon tucked next to Fuego Bistro. I have been seeing Mara for years and I leave a happy customer every time.  I love that she knows how I like my hair cut and make sure that I don't chop it all off. Mara offers fantastic hair cuts for a great price! She offers hair coloring services and she does amazing work. She's the best secret in Phoenix! Next time I'll be sure to call ahead and schedule an appointment like a person with any sense of decency would. That's just part of exploring your neighborhood though. Sometimes you just have to dive in head first and give some new place a shot!"  I avoided getting my hair cut until my burgeoning mullet could no longer be ignored. I happened upon the Raw Salon because I live a stone's throw from it. I didn't have an appointment and had to catch a plane to Chicago in 3 hours. They worked me in  I called Raw one afternoon and Will gave me an appointment forty-five minutes later.  I was pretty shaggy but I needed to look clean cut and professional.  Will did a fantastic job recommending a new cut that fit my expectations  Terre!!  As long as you're in the biz and I have a job This place is great.  Terre has been cutting my hair for years and I wouldn't trust anyone else with my crazy curls.  He always does a great job and gives me exactly what I ask for.  Great Serivce at a Great Price!! BEST cut. BEST color. I'm a show-stopper when I leave."  the hair artists were so nice and professional. I left very happy with my new hair style.... I'm making this my new hair studio!!!!! give it a shot." XstmBqw2N9FahxXzlout4Q Terre is one of the few people in this world I trust my hair to.  I've lived in California and New York and still travel back here to have him do my hair!  He's great at what he does and he's just great to hang out with for an hour. Call him! He's gonna make you feel amazing!" I have been a customer since the salon opened 10 years ago. The owners Will & Rod provide quality hair care in a fun atmosphere. Won't go anywhere else ever! Love the new space - love the salon - LOVE my Terre! (But I am willing to share! Talent this big is too much for me to keep to myself!)" Beautiful and classy place! I've been a client of Steven's for a few years and followed him to this salon. He is a great stylist with a caring and friendly attitude. Highly recommend! Rod is amazing! Reliable and AWESOME haircuts! A must see!  explained why he was using the techniques he used and  appreciated that I brought in several pictures of similar cuts I liked and didn't like.  Very professional." Terre is the best color magician and stylist. The salon staff is terrific. Highly recommend this salon! "Trying to establish a hair dresser can be so frustrating at times But I called and scheduled an appointment with Rod & Will a couple weeks ago looking for a change and so glad I did :-) I went with a much shorter style than I have ever worn in my life and they did an amazing job on the cut & color both!! Thank you both  if you're in the market for a solid cut and/or color  I made an appoinment for myself. She has over 20 years of experience and it shows. She had some great suggestions on how to achieve the look I wanted   during which I lost 3-5 inches of hair. My hair looked horrible and resembled an 80s mullet. I went to another salon (Snapdragon) to get it fixed - the ladies there were shocked and confused by his (lack of) technique - and I had to have more hair cut to fix the damage from Rod. So much for growing it out.." This place is awesome! I am a medical student and a group of us came and educated their team on skin cancer awareness. They were very open and receptive to education. I feel confident that they care about not only hair but the health of their clients. I applaud this salon!  she delivered a fabulous cut that fixed a bad cut.  Just what I wanted.  And she is a lovely person with a great personality."  Raw looks... well... pretty raw. It's in a strip mall and doesn't really stand out. When you walk inside  friendly place you feel instantly like family when you walk in the door. I have been meaning to get in to see Terre for a long time and I FINALLY did!! I could not have ask for a more picture perfect cut then the one I got (which is an exact replica of the picture I showed him) can't imagine ever going anywhere else again!! Thank You Terre!!!"  especially coming from a ""stylist"") The stylist then began to wrap just a chunk of my hair around the brush and applied the blow dryer like he literally didn't know what to do. I was so upset. He then pulls out the iron and once again just grabs a chunk of my hair and tries to curly it. The way he was grabbing my hair was not professional at all and I felt very disrespected and asked him to not touch my hair. I called him out and told him that I knew from the start that he did not want to do my hair. He didn't say anything. After all that I walked out without paying him "Rod was great. Needed a cut last second and he was very helpful. Liked my hair after I left  capable and can do any cut or style you specify.  They're also very friendly and efficient in terms of the customer service they provide. Prices are reasonable. Definitely recommended.  Stop in today!"  no matter how silly.  All of the stylists that I've had for myself and my children have done a great job with all of us.  We're moving out of the area soon but I might consider driving back to this location for haircuts  mostly men and children and old ladies-- so if you're a chick who needs more done to your hair such as a consult  I recommend Marina.  She's been cutting my hair for about five years now and I only use her.  The people are nice there and if you want to get in quickly they have an online check-in app that will tell you what time to come in instead of waiting in que!" This specific location is closest to me and allows me to go get my haircut for a relatively cheap rate. If I get a better job (crosses fingers) then I would really prefer going somewhere else...But until then  I'm highly satisfied! Definitely the new family spot."  boy a challenge!"" She and the other two stylists were very friendly and chatty with all of us! I will defiantly be back to see Hannah and the other girls here! Thank you for making my day!"  not exactly the best quality but I can live with it" I've been coming here since not long after I moved to Phoenix (2006?) & I've only ever had 1 complaint. Great Clips is great! ;-) "Got exactly what I asked for and more. 4 stars because it seemed a little rushed (could be just me though) and I was offered to buy hair products I don't really need. Other than that  such a sweet lady :) She did a great job!! Go see her and don't forget u can check in to be added to the sign in sheet w the Great clips app!" I got my haircut by Tamara a couple of weeks ago. We had great conversation and she gave me lots of tips on how to grow out my hair. I'll keep coming back to show her my progress! "I had a good basic hair cut here last week!  I was really impressed.  The stylist legitimately listened to what I wanted and was able to do a basic slide cut to texturize my super fine Asian hair. I'm not sure I'd come here if I wanted a dramatic change to my style  and was super friendly. I wanted a simple trim and some layers and she went above and beyond to make sure my hair looked great. No wait time  Thank you Kelly and Michael! Both of you gave me fantastic hair!" - The only reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is that they don't blow dry your hair at the end. That means you have to go home and blow dry it yourself. It's also hard to judge whether you got the cut you wanted when your hair is still wet."  but Maria is my favorite. She always cuts my hair the way I want it and is super fast about it too!"  sized up my hair and delivered a great haircut in 20 minutes while carrying an interesting conversation (unlike the head grabbers I've had who want you to play freeze and stop talking while they grunt and grimace). Such a great experience thinking about scheduling work trips just to get my hair cut here!"  one of the WORST experiences I've ever had getting a haircut." Really friendly staff! They really care about you. Just a wonderful place to get your haircut while enjoying a pleasant atmosphere.  there was a lot of work to do but I was out in 15 minutes. The cut I received rivals $60 cuts elsewhere  Took three months to grow it back out. Went in with a picture of exactly want I wanted. Ignored. Cut it back above my ears again. I asked why and was told it looked better. I wanted what I wanted  Nadia's Hair Studio is one of the best - if not THE best - in all of Phoenix. She pays particular attention to detail and cuts your hair EXACTLY as you want it. Very reasonably priced too and very friendly. You won't be disappointed!"  she had other customers with appointments but she found time to fit me in. She did an amazing job. I've received multiple compliments in only a few days. I've noticed her clientele seems to be men. I'd recommend her to anyone."  I went to Nadia's and found it to be excellent and wonderful! Reasonable pricing and excellent work!"  Lindsay always takes good care of my brows and they use bumble and bumble products.  The salon is clean  the relationship progressed and I now trust him to cut my hair and color it. I love Rochelle's and am now a loyal girlfriend. Abel is great  great stylists are like great doctors- hard to find and with long waiting lists. Fortunately "The best people in town to trust your hair and body with hands down!!  If someone has jacked up your hair and you need it fixed go here...  Rochelle is awesome  professional atmosphere.  The stylist are top of the line and the services are always very satisfying.  The salon has an uptown feel about it that really compliments the business and makes all guests feel comfortable.  I would recommend this salon to children J-Wet_eJxuL53NaWx7l1PQ A great salon in my favorite part of town!  Go see Luci!"  I only had ""the basic"" (I quote the basic because it was incredible).  Towards the end she did this amazing facial massage that put me in another world.  Definitely plan for a complete hour with Karen.  You know how some salons say ""one hour facial  say no more--it was divine... I bought a special from LivingSocial...and since I've always wanted to try it but was low on cash...it was a great time to try it.   Love it....love it...  I look and feel younger  said he loved it! The color is fantastic and the style is gorgeous. He is also amazingly honest and i swear he has saved me thousands by preventing me from buying crap hair products/tools. I also really appreciate the fact that he shows me how to recreate the style. Nothing worse than leaving the salon and going home and never knowing how to recreate the style. Go and see the Rev!" "This salon is a great cheap alternative in the central phoenix area.  I had a totally decent haircut for $30  until I started getting a tingling/burn feeling on my scalp.. I asked one of the other stylist if they could call her from the back. My hair looked great but the lightening in the salon isn't that great so I couldn't really see a difference in my shade. Once I got home I noticed that I a had a mess of a hair color. The top part (roots) were alot lighter than the bottom. I called to see if I could reschedule. I got an appointment scheduled for the following day  she's great! My best friend is also a loyal customer but she's more conservative.  That's not a problem at Rochelle's.  They aim to please. The salon is stylish without being offputtingly trendy. The staff is friendly and welcoming.  Over the years I've probably had every service they offer...massage  her products are top notch and she's extremely reliable."  right?).  I also love that they use Bumble & bumble products!  Dania and Rochelle's have a customer for life." J-Wet_eJxuL53NaWx7l1PQ I just went here for the first time yesterday.  I loved it.  Jonathan was amazing.  He listened to what I wanted and I love my new cut and style.  women stop me and ask me who does my hair.  It has become a running joke when my husband sees yet another woman come up to me to tell me how beautiful my hair is.  Tina and I have been through 3 different hair styles now and they just get better and better.  She really is a wonder." Great job all of you!" Get my hair done every other week and never once have I had a poor cut. I stopped telling Tina how to cut my hair and just let her choose because every time it is exactly what I wanted without even knowing it. Rochelle cut and styled my hair for my wedding and it was amazing. The talent in Rochelle's is unmatched anywhere in the state/country. I highly recommend RSS. They are located next to www.Claritychiro.com  and phoenix fishing supply.  I make sure I always book an appointment whenever I'm back in town. She provides the highest level of service to all her clients and expects that and more for anyone who walks in the door I would highly recommend Rochelle's for a facial!"  massages and facials for long time.  The professional care and attention I receive is amazing. I was blessed to find this hidden gem and have made wonderful friendships." All of her stylist are awesome. Come by and visit. You'll love this salon!" Great salon!! Friendly and fun staff. Keep up the great work!  Dania is the BEST hairstylist I've ever used for my blonde hair.... And I have used a lot. When I was younger in San Diego I even would drive two hours to LA trying to find someone who wasn't going to ruin my blonde locks.  It truly blows my mind how many stylists just can't work with blonde hair and ruin jt.   Until I found Dania I would cry every time I left a salon. She is also very real with me about what looks best and is the only stylist that has not lectured me that I should go brunette....seriously such a relief.  Besides the great work she does she has also always been reasonably priced and is great at fitting you in for an appointment.  I am moving to Seattle in two weeks and am panicked again about missing her!  I might even need to catch a flight back to phoenix once every couple months just so I can keep my beautiful color :)" "I started coming here about a year ago when one of my blonde friends referred me! I cannot rave enough about Dania!!!! I get highlights or a base break every 6 weeks with a trim. She is always so accommodating and I have never received more compliments on my hair! If you get highlights done Overall my stylist was great but Rochelle's front desk staff did a poor job and didn't seem to care." BTW - do you guys do waxing?"  I knew it would be a friendship and hairship for years to come.  I love everything about her.  She is very talented and knows blondes so well." I have been a customer of theirs for 3 years. Everyone on staff are very professional and provide great customer service. I wouldn't get my haircut anywhere else. Interfacing with a cold receptionist/cashier at a salon and spa You gotta go.  Tell 'em Amy sent ya!  You will be awed by the decor!" The result: Fabulous and pretty! My hair felt healthy and the color that she put in is great! I receive a lot of compliments from my corporate America counterparts as well as my rocking friends. I've already set up an appointment for a return visit. Sherelle was super nice and so impressive  have top notch stylists and the decor is RAD! Love it! You also get a hand massage with your cut and color....nice!" SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ This place is HIGHLY recommended!" Thanks E's for having the such a talented staff! I already have sent one friend to Brittany(who loved her hair and is very picky) and my mom's scheduling an appt. This week!" Thank you Urban Hair!" "ERIN JOHNSON is the bomb! She is so friendly and gave me exactly what I wanted for my cut/color. You also get a hand wax while you wait. The decor is amazing!!! Wow. The whole experience is great  and was apprehensive about a new place. Pablo made me feel right at home. He's so quirky and spunky. Sincerely endearing and excited about his job. He dissolved all my uncertanties SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ  and I found it here.  Nate gave me a great short cut that I can style messy and piece-y and fun (my favorite look).  Only $35!  The place is trendy  I wanted to like the service. I even waited for a good deal of time after the actual cut to write this. I still hate it and I am still furious. I have not been this traumatized over a stupid haircut since junior high school. Thank you so much."  but I had the pleasure of working with him.  He listened to me and what I wanted.  AND it was like talking to an old friend.  It was a very comfortable visit.  Everyone was super duper nice.  They even stayed late for me when I was late getting off work.  I have passed out all of his cards to my friends after they all loved my new color.  I'm so happy I went to see him.  Don't miss out on this great salon!"  and he works with me every time! I recently got extensions and love them! I would not trust my hair to anyone else! If Precision cuts are what you are looking for then see Bryan B!"  the ""layer's"" she put in my hair were uneven on either side of my face.  So I had to come home and even it out myself.  I was obviously upset because she cut 8 inches off my hair instead of the requested 4 inches.   At least she didn't charge me for the haircut.  But no "Well... I guess it pays to not make a judgment until you've given something a couple tries... Got my second haircut here  sometimes I feel there are some subtle finishing touches that are missing I have been going to Ethan for over 10 years. I have occasionally 'cheated' on him with other stylists but I always go back because he is truly the best! If you want great color this is your guy!!" In summary: Go to Urban Hair if you want a hip but wearable cut I am honored to call E a friend and always leave the salon laughing after hearing some of his latest stories!"  he is fan-friggin-tastic.  All the people there are great... i love this salon."  but don't ever leave a message on the machine or have any weird thing come up because it will be handled unprofessionally and you will be out in the cold with hair color that doesn't compare to your newfound French Favorite!"  so I can avoid using gel and hair spray. He's a superb stylist. More than just some one who does hair. He DESIGNS hair. He's so passionate and educated about what he does. I'm the girl that never goes to the same salon twice. Pablo made a believer out of me! I could of never asked for a better hair do! When I walked in a year ago I started coming to Urban Hair two years ago at the recommendation of my best friend and I haven't been to anyone but Ethan since!  Aside from being the hippest salon in Phoenix the entire staff goes out of their way to accommodate and make you feel comfortable. Ethan is amazing - he has an amazing ability to visualize your best look and then make it happen.  I swear he's a freaking magician! I get compliments on my hair ALL the time - this NEVER used to happen when I was going to an overpriced salon in Scottsdale where I was paying twice the price. I'm a total die-hard - I won't go anywhere else unless Ethan leaves me for reality television.  Love.  it's really cute and chic. They offered me a glass of wine and went right to work with my hair. I even mentioned the Yelp ad and received 20% off on a reasonable cost ($30) of hair cut already."  because of some hair damage (too many highlights and too much sun!)  we decided to do the bamboo treatment which really improved the structure of my hair SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ  okay? Just do it. You'll thank me later." Just go - you won't be sorry!"  only because I'd love to see specific curly product lines and curly-care methods (no sulfates or harmful silicones  took great care executing it and did an awesome job with the styling. You can tell that she really enjoys what she does. Most of the time it seems that I can't wait to get home and re-do the blow out that the stylist did. This time  but looks are deceiving! This place is as funky and cool without pretentiousness as it gets. Everyone was nice...and I mean really nice...which was amazing because I have to admit I already had highlights in before I went in and the charge was $170 after I was done.  I thought it was a little pricey considering the fact that I was expecting partial."  from the quality of the stylists from what I've seen of other reviews & my experience there." SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ  and I'll give E's another shot if I am not 100% satisfied with the other place I am going to today.  I just feel like the experience starts the second you contact the salon  and you will not regret going to see him. I will be going back again and again to this place. They are just awesome." She is the greatest thing since sliced bread when you need a smile !" Daneli did an amazing job with my hair and was so attentive. My hair is really a beast to deal with and she managed to shape it into a beautiful glossy classic cut. I got pin up girl straight bangs in the front and some great layers in the back. I will defintely be back. Dudes...  I just got a Brazilian Blowout at E's Urban Hair.  Quite honestly the best thing that's ever happened to my hair.  I'm a total convert.  Do it and don't think twice.  hip stylish hair salon in town.  Not too expensive and you don't walk out with  a ""cheap"" haircut.   The decor is awesome Mention you are a yelper and get a nice first time discount too!!" They have had a little bit of turnover on the front desk attendant.  I've been the front desk attendant at a busy salon before (in another city).  It looks like an easy job but there is a lot of juggling "I've been going to Ethan for about a two years and the level of service on my past two visits has made me decide to look elsewhere. I just can't justify spending $150+ for someone to continually walk away and be rough with my coconut. The last time I went I specifically asked the appt setter if I would have enough time booking the appt two and a half hours before I needed to be somewhere (that was the only appt available). Well  but my results are also a lot better. I used Shawn and I wouldn't trust my hair with anyone else. He is very good at coloring and a perfectionist when it comes to cutting. He is very talented and artistic. I let him use his judgment on what to do with my hair and I have to admit it's not what I would have ever asked for  but I can't understand how E Urban can have 50+ reviews and maintain a 4+ star rating. It's possible the majority of their clientel are younger. My boyfriend also got a cut from another stylist at the same time and was equally unhappy. Both of us had chunks of hair that just stuck out an inch lower than everywhere else. It was not a ""style"".  I recently had my hair done at another salon and the experience was so much better it put in perspective I freakin' drive from Chandler to come here.... shit  I think the pushiness of the product sales is  unpleasant and borderline unprofessional." I don't really know what else you could want in a salon. Friendly "Love this place!  The atmosphere is fantastic and everyone is super friendly.  Chris did a great job on my cut - it looks wonderful and is very shiny.  I had Antonette put a few feathers in - and I love them!  They last for months  but he moved on.  Instead I was scheduled with Chris.  Chris did a great job and was very personable.  He also had some great tips to keep my curls looking good.  Thanks for a great salon experience.  I will be a returning customer." Thank you Daniela! I will see you next time!" SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ This is my second visit to E's Urban Hair and I loved it! So there's a certain style with the employees and clientele here and I definitely don't fit the mold since I look simple and plain jane'ish. It doesn't matter though! My haircut was great and the cut was meant for me since I don't spend that much time styling my hair. The stylist even curled my pin-strait hair with a curved flat iron since we happen to be talking about curly hair. I'm very happy with the results and the customer service. I will definitely go back and I will tell all my friends to get their hair did at Urban Hair!" "Been here twice and had a great cut/color both times.  Shop is really cool despite its inauspicious locale.  Daniela  and I wasn't let down.  I LOVE my new haircut!  Jonathan did a great job - I wanted a drastic change and he wasn't afraid to do it Darci did a wonderful job as was expected.  She really sets a high standard for hairstyling.  She does a great consultation and communicates clearly to make sure you're on the same page about what you want. She uses cool techniques to get the exact look you want. She works with precision and attention to detail and continues to fine tune and clip away little bits until it's just right. And she's an expert at curls. With curly hair Go and see this guy! You will love it." "For the best waxing experience ever - you must see Chelsea. She was fast and probably the least painful experience I have had ever. Maybe because she doesn't have to re-wax the same spot over and over again BEWARE of Dani W's Groupon deal for E's Urban Hair!!  Typically she does $30 for $60 worth of service and if you check the main website haircuts are listed for $40+.   When you get all done she will inform you that you still owe more money because she charges $80 for a simple cut and style!   Definitely felt like a bait and switch! The haircut was about average - not worth $80 bucks when my usual gal charges $40.    Fancy spa this place definitely is NOT!  people skills and mastery of technique make this a must for those who wander from salon to salon and find their lack luster experiences less than fulfilling and wonder ""What exactly did I pay for this?""....Instead you will leave feeling sassy Keep it up Urban Hair!" Jonathyn is an amazing stylist! He's very patient and an excellent listener. He's great to go to when you don't really know what you want in a cut or style or don't know how to explain what you want. He asks the right questions to figure out what you're truly looking for and then he makes it happen! It's shear artistry!" "If you aren't sure what you're wanting to do with your hair this is a good place to go. However if you know what you want... Good luck. Though my new hair ended up growing on me SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ SkZU7zgLx2t008jhRxKJdQ  which is just a temporary space in the Exodus salon on Indian School and it was really awkward.  The guy I spoke with on the phone ended up cutting my hair in what was basically a storage room.  Him and the owner were the only two people who moved from the old storefront.  When I called to make an appointment I had no idea what I was in for.  I felt like I was being punked.  If the salon is not the salon as we know it anymore  you're the best & I'm so glad you found a way to help others."  just what I wanted.  Bottom half still tinted orange noticeably darker still.  Now I have to seek out another stylist to at least blended I really dont want to put names on here but I want to make sure that everyone knows its one person (dani) and not the entire salon."  esthetician school etc.  A shellac manicure and spa pedicure runs about 100 dollars before tip to give you a sense of the prices.  Oh and its right next door to a nail salon that is unrelated and not owned by them.  Do not do what I do and walk into the wrong place  and dangerous!!  Manicurist cut my cuticle and then cut Herself somehow. Didn't see a thing wrong with it. No apology. She didn't put on a glove!! She simply said ""it happens"". Unbelievable! I do not want a bloodborne disease from a salon and if you don't either stay far far away from this place. She was so casual about it!! Also  Michelle runs a tight ship and everyone here extremely professional and sweet. If you want sparkly glittery nails that'll knock your socks (or gloves) off "I have tried many different nail salons and this is the absolute best one I have found! Michelle is amazing and I always leave extremely excited about my new color! Everyone there is very friendly and inviting "Cate is just the greatest.  Though she sometimes pops up on Living Social or Groupon Their front desk staff is less than incompetent. Make sure you have a plan B  or mani/pedi when I actually went in for my blowout with Chris! Also had high quality eyelash extensions done by Nia for WAY cheaper than what most valley salons charge! Absolutely love the staff and will be back soon for my deep tissue massage and rock star pedicure! :)" "Tried out Salon 3121 with a Living Social deal .....   the Massage with Caite was Great!!!  She is a skilled professional and wonderful at what she does....  go see her!! ....  Unfortunately the Mani/Pedi was possibly the worst I've ever had!  It was basically a $50 polish change that not only had polish smeared all over my skin  but definitely relieved that I hadn't paid full price for such a mediocre experience."  one kind of sloppy.  My biggest issue is scheduling - it is practically impossible to get a pedicure appointment in less than 3 weeks!!! It's getting to be ridiculous and I wish I was done with my Living Social deal so I can just go back to my normal salon where I can walk in and be seen in minutes.  Missing my callous removal as well... not a complete disappointment It's a shame because this is a place I would love to frequent."  I left a voicemail to schedule an appointment and I am still waiting to hear back (it has been 3 days now).  For a $65 pedicure this is not the pampering experince I would be looking for.  Going back to the salons that charge a third of it and provide a much better service/quality.  Sorry Awesome customer service. Great products. And most of I love service and get lots of compliments especially on my hair...my favorites are Elizabeth and Jessica :-) I almost forgot Kelli awesome Brazilian n pedi's I bought a Living Social voucher for 6 pedicures and I have gone for 4 now and I really like it!  Love the foot soak that takes the stink off my feet.  The organic products are great and I enjoy the hot neck wrap and tea offered.  The nail colors are fun and Kathryn does a good job in a short amount of time which is great!  Not sure if I will become a member even though it is a good deal.  I love the decor and Paradise Valley vibe. I purchased the living social deal for the six organic pedicures. I had a very hard time scheduling an apt. When I finally did get in the experience was horrible. I was expecting a massage chair or something similar but was seated in a hard high back chair that you needed to put pillows behind your back to try to get comfortable. The experience was strange because they use an aloe jelly that makes you think that you are sticking your feet in a big bowl of green jello. That part honestly was weird but not bad just squishy :) . The bad part was the mud and salt scrub that left my legs raw and red. The pedicure ended with them putting my shoes back on to paint my toes. It was a strange and uncomfortable pedicure to be sure but the lady who performed it was very nice so I did tip her. Unlike the front desk help who would rather be on their personal phones talking about Face Book instead of check me out in a timely manner. I wrote a review before but it was taken down so I'm hoping there isn't anything here that is too much. This was just my experience and I'm happy to say I will not be going back.  thorough-a complete experience...I'm totally spoiled by the technic and the staff! It was the most relaxing day I've had in a salon. I've booked out for the next 6 months." I got in for an appointment with about 9-10 days notice; I would recommend Jessica & would go back. I have had many massages and facials in Scottsdale and this was a decent Business CLOSED... no call cancelling appointment.  Very poor form - purchased a three pack of facial/pedi's and doubt I will see any refund :(  you can try contacting Michelle and see if she'll make good on your prior purchase.  Not sure if she's selling any new packages Well.  Got a toe fungus after my last visit there.  I really was not expecting it since they used the plastic liners in the foot soak buckets.  Have to say I am disappointed and even though the atmosphere and the service was good; this makes me only rate this business as average now. Ona side note the owner of the salon has taken the time to come up with and manufacture a 'Salon 3121' range of products. This tells me that the business is a passion not just an investment. Overall There was one good thing though!---LEAVING!"  listens to what I want and I always leave satisfied."  so we checked out Supercuts. Even walking in without an appointment they were able to get both boys in the chairs within 10 minutes and we were out of there in half an hour. Both of the boys came out looking great and they were both very happy with the haircuts they received. I would definitely recommend this location If anyone knows where Ashley went please let me know!" "This place should be called ""Mediocre Cuts""" I left without having her dry it because I knew I would hate it even more and there was nothing I could do.  When I got home and it dried I realized I looked like a little kid who tried to cut their own hair.  I can honestly say I have never gotten a truly ""bad"" haircut and I really am not fond of complaining Thanks Supercuts. I will thank you every time I never return." This location for Supercuts is not the best experience I had.  The stylist that shaved my head was not knowledge and was too afraid to use the hair clippers to shave down to stubbles.  He was not that great but friendly and nice guy.  I would hope they can shape things up to have better stylists and knowledgeable.  but it has gone downhill since he left. She even reprimanded me for language. I refuse to go back. I will hunt my stylist down  she didn't even clean up with a warm towel like they always do. When I brought it up she argued with me saying that I was rude and that customers are not always right. I never got on her way of cutting my hair I just didn't talk to her while she was working on my hair cut and is my thought she took  it personal." "Rodd is a true professional and has the credentials to back it up.  Not only has he been an acclaimed makeup artiest for a vast array of bonafide Hollywood stars  a dedicated professional with many decades of hair and make up experience who honed his skills working with major Hollywood stars. Rodd is a talented performer in his own right who regales his clients with  anecdotes from his current and former acting gigs. He is a good listener with a heart of gold and always goes above and beyond to give his clients exceptional results. Both Rodd and his wife Jo They are the BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I always wanted hair extensions for years but was told I was not a candidate.  Went to see Rodd & Jo and they gave me the hair extensions of my dreams!  Rodd told me how to treat my hair to make it healthier.  They took their time with me and I enjoyed the entire process.  I will be a lifetime client!  They made me so happy! V's has now opened another location down by the new AJ's in Chandler next to AJ's on Chandler Heights Rd They actually do the shave with a straight blade and the hot towel and shoeshine are complimentary with your cut. I would reccomend V's to any guy looking for a good cut in an atmoshpere where you feel like a local magnate in the community."  and some friendly young Eastern European men to make small talk with- but it's even better because these guys have some mad hair cutting skilz and their straight razor shave is super smooth.  Do the hot towel and you're a fan too."  where the time goes....."  with the exception that they have small lcd tv's at each chair.  Not that you would need them though since the barbers are all great to talk to should you feel like a little convo with a haircut."  let alone for a drop by hair cut.  It is making me change times for hair cuts from my usual post work (5:30 to 6 pm) to sometime in the afternoon and heading back into the office afterward.  Oh well ""Involuntary Shudder""..." Yes it is located next to a busy restaurant with Arcadia Tavern but they do help you out with free valet. If you are looking for a good haircut go to V's on Indian School and ask for Rony." I highly recommend Ronnie for his professional services.  From the time I walked in the door to the time I left  get your shoes shined or just to hang out with the guys  this guy's a freak of nature with a razor in his hand." My only complaint is that their loyalty program is pretty much nonexistent.  They tout it and I have given them my email.  But in my 8+ years of going they have never sent me even the smallest promotion or discount."  she switched the tv to Nick and made him play.  This place has the great barber chairs and has a great musky smell. They sell giftcards and so a great gift for the male in your life. At the end they gave my son a certificate for completing his first haircut."  so you might need to valet (complimentary) or park across the street. Saturdays are really busy so if you choose to walk in prepare to wait a few  and barbers sometimes make me feel guilty for making their lives difficult. Nodari cut my hair Each regular cut ends with a straight edge shave and hot or cold towel Too expensive for a haircut.  Shoe shine?  I am wearing flip flops.  Everyone wanted tips. Love this place. Great haircut and shoe shine. Would recommend. byzQuxKTO8huhkPTTsTWoA Worse - Parking is a nightmare. They share this extremely small parking lot with a very popular tavern. Parking is across the street at Safeway if it is crowded." Got a good haircut. Could use some work on communication with the customers. Keep up the good work!" I received the best haircut I've had in ages. I saw a barber named Josh who had been recommended for his skills. Josh worked very fast which made me a little nervous at first because I've had a lot of disappointing haircuts at other places across the country but I can easily say I will be a regular here and I highly recommend V's and Josh for his excellent work." A tip to everyone out there. Please wash your hair before going to the barber out of respect for the staff. No one wants to finger through greasy They use great product ( art of shaving) and everything is clean and organized. They are a little pricy but we are talking about your face here!" If you're looking for a quality professional barber go here." Still great. Easy in and out. Always there to give you great service. Keep up the great work in. Arcadia  they'll get it right. Then comes the warm lather and hot towel wrap. I swear I have fallen asleep at this part. So relaxing. Then comes the shaving itself. They take their time here. They get it right. They go over and over and make sure you have a smooth shave. Then another round of the hot towels and finished up with some after shave and you are out the door to go conquer your next battle." I've NEVER gotten a bad haircut at any V's Barbershop  and it turned out great. Love the hot towel shave as well. Very reasonably priced too for the fantastic service you're getting. Won't go anywhere else now!" They close at 6 and that's that.  Don't ask for any favors.  As a loyal long time customer I got turned away right at 6.  Always great service and a great cut but after this I'm seriously considering taking my business else where. byzQuxKTO8huhkPTTsTWoA And that was and will be my last visit to V's Barbershop." "I've been going here for about 15 years and would recommend V's to anyone and now that I have two sons they also go to V's.  While I will sit in any open chair since everybody is friendly and does a great job  but ended up at this spot based on Yelp reviews and got my TOP 2 best haircut experiences ever. Great experience in the shop  and professional. If you make an appointment they are always ready right away. If you don't If you're used to going to salons and having professional cuts  but professional barber. One of the best haircuts I've had. It's worth the extra few bucks..." definitely my new barber spot. Being in Arcadia I wasn't sure if it was going to be my style but all the barbers are great. I've had cuts by the fellas in the 2nd and 3rd chairs Richard and Josh.Both guys are on point. They listen to what you want and make sure it looks clean before you walk out. Richard uses mostly Oster. Josh uses Oster but something else too that I couldnt tell at first glance (maybe an older Andis). They all use Derby blades in the straight edge. The corded massage thing is all right ...next time I'll be ok without it. I come through to walk out with fade thats on point and its happenned every time.  will keep setting appointments for the foreseeable future. No complaints here."  shampoo.  The facial was a very relaxing.  I never knew what I was missing!  This place is unlike any shop I've been to.  Service was second to none.  Alex is great!  I would recommend this as a great Christmas gift for any guy."  I called the shop and asked to speak to a manager who hung up the phone after I voiced my concerns. The disrespect and lack of cliental accommodation is atrocious. The sense that the barbers are ""too good"" for some peoples business is a heavy vibe in the shop. Although the skill may be in the shop "Found this gem when I moved into the neighborhood and so lucky I did! The experience here is second to none and barbers are top notch! I did a cut and shave today with Gus Alex is the best barber in Phoenix and I go out of my way to have him cut my hair.  and an all around great experience getting a haircut or shave!!" Would highly recommend it!"  has always been a pleasant experience.  Katie is a coloring master!  She definitely knows her stuff and I've always walked away from her cuts and colors a happy customer.  I know at least 20 other people who won't let anyone but Katie touch their hair...she's that good.  Highly recommend her!  Oh yeah My skin looked and felt great afterward!  I'll definitely check her out next time I'm in town.  Plus lauren is amazing! she even texts me to follow up a few days after my appointment to make sure i'm happy with my hair. i highly recommend her." Lauren is fabulous. She schedules her appointments on her cell at 602-435-6199." Annette Garcia fixed a major mistake of another salon on my hair - Yea Annette to the rescue. I walked out looking sassy and feeling better than ever. Then she suggested getting a new lipstick and the make-up lady found a new color that popped. Go here if you really want professionals that care about their work and how you look and feel! This salon has the most professional staff. Cynthia is my stylist and she is always on time and always has given me great cuts. I know my hair will looks its best when I leave this salon.  yet she always gets me in when at the time and date I request. She really provides superior customer service which I greatly appreciate." "The place is a nice backdrop for Jennifer ""J"" that does my hair. She is a fantastic colorist.  I won't go to anyone else.  Definitely worth the thirty minute drive."  the atmosphere and Jennifer's knowledge and expertise. The service was performed perfectly and I wouldn't hesitate to refer her! It's obvious that she is a very skilled aesthetician  I found this salon 5 minutes from my home and on my route to work.  Perfect location with a recent review for a particular stylist (Lauren) and her impeccable skill with curly hair.  I made an appointment and I am impressed.  She did an amazing job No establishment should ever leave a customer feeling that their business is not needed  I was instantly uncomfortable.  Its hard to explain what made me uncomfortable...maybe just me?  The salon is nicely decorated with an antique theme.  They use great products.  What I really didn't like is that I was in and out in 1 hour with color and cut!  Their prices reflect quality work I have been going here for about a year. I found this place online and called to make an appointment because they are close to my house. They scheduled me with Ashley Nelson. She is super sweet and amazing. She always gets the color perfect and the cut always looks great. I will not go to anyone else. My suggestion is to make your appointment in the morning as parking gets a little crazy closer to lunch time because its a busy plaza. I would highly recommend this place.  she is also the best at extensions. Great local business to support. Very convenient location no matter where you are located in the valley" I have been going to this salon for a few months. They seem to have good hair products but are a bit expensive. Great Salon! Ashley Grubbs does my hair and she is awesome!  Brittney for all skin care needs!  Really great place!  fine and there's a lot of it.  He makes it look beautiful with the cut and he's a MASTER at color.  I always get lots of compliments on my hair.  All of the salon locations are beautiful.  Great local business to support.  Go see Thomas - you'll be so happy!"  but she is great at what she does! My hair was a mess. I don't know how she did it "I tried this salon to see if I wanted to use them for hair and makeup for my bridal party. I paid them in full ahead of time. The woman in charge was hard to get in touch with most of the time. The day of the wedding the assistant was scheduled to be there at 8 am. By 8:15 I was calling her - she wasn't there and she didn't answer her phone. I called her 3 times and left a voicemail and by 9:30 she still wasn't there. By 10:30 they both showed up. Neither one of them ever apologized that they were late Perhaps you can extend some professionalism and honor your offer. Fortunately  now I'm at home I see it doesn't match the other side of the back of my head.  Ok....if this was Super Cuts or something like that I'd just live with it.  NOT Leiden Mitchell....I guess with a Groupon they give you a half price cut."  but Like most of us..she's busy! If you can't reach her right away just text her. (For groupon users her # is the one in the instruction box on how to use your groupon with her. Not the one for the salon at the top) Her work was worth the 5!"  and all of the other stylists and front desk girls are always really nice. If anyone is looking for a new salon or cut/color stylist  and she ALWAYS treats you so well. You can't beat a $68 haircut and blowout in my book. She is amazing. Go see her!" Definitely recommend!! I have seen 10 of the hairdressers (I live out of town so I just call and take whoever is available) and I have loved my hair every time! The atmosphere is beautiful and every employee I have asked loves the owners and loves working there. You really can see anyone - they're all so talented.  knows exactly how to give you the results you had hoped for - I went from very long to very short hair and she cut and styled it so well - better than I could've imagined!!! I'm 100% satisfied every time I go - I never have that feeling of ""Should I say something to fix this or that?""...I'm always happy with the results. She also is great with my color - always turns out exactly how I want/picture it and I'm always getting compliments after any cut/color/style she does for me!!! I highly recommend seeing Veronica for any hair service needed!" It's a great salon in the Arcadia area."  because she does a great job on curly and wavy hair.  I have lived in Phoenix for 31 years.  Some stylists have done good work with my hair but only when they blow dry it straight. Since I don't blow dry my own hair "The staff here is great very friendly and always greeted with a hi & smile! I get my brows done by Jessica she is the master of brows! The salon is clean and professional  but I swear to God the young lady cutting it was intentionally jabbing me with the sheers."  but certainly worth the money they were charging. They are often busy  colored and styled my hair did an awesome job. They are just as good here as a salon you might pay twice as much at. So glad I stopped in."  Roxy was very calm and provided great service to everyone that came in for a cut.  Roxy was very busy and everyone loved their hair when they left!!!  You have two great employees in Gavin and Roxy!  Supercuts is fortunate to have two employees that are great with color  that I made a check in and was put in a chair right away.  Gavin took the picture I had and made it look just like it but still left a little wiggle room just in case I really didn't want to cut too much :)  Well My next visit will be color! I Love My Haircut!"  after three cuts he had it down and all I do is sit and he goes to work. Good guy to small talk with too. 6 stars from me"  adding a few touches to the overall shape to make things easier in the mornings. While I was adamant about visiting Gavin for my first visit to Supercuts "Totally awesome haircut by Gavin!   HE also made very helpful recommendations for hair products for both my son and I.  Gavin is professional and cool.  My sons hair isn't easy to cut Thank u for the reviews we really try our hardest to keep everyone looking beautiful and happy.. Holly is one of the few people I've been to in this town that can cut my fade like it is supposed to be done.  I have had so many people try to high and tight my hair or just unable to get the fade properly.  Great Clips is very reasonable for price as well as I am in every two weeks to keep my hair short.  if you walk into this location looking to get a haircut and Holly isn't there "Well you've really out done yourself this time Great Clips on 44th & Thomas. Thanks for the usual shitty hair cut. This time the ""professional stylist"" cut my hair with the wrong size clippers The absolute worse haircut I've had at this establishment."  a friendly face did greet me as soon as I walked in. She chopped my hair exactly how I wanted it. My chunky over grown home slashed bangs were no longer a mess and soon my one length hair was styled beautifully with layers. I am 6"" lighter and loving it. I would definitely come back without hesitation."  you really needs to revamp things. You've given yourselves a bad reputation." I didn't catch the name of the super duper woman who washed my hair. But she's a doll. Pixie hair cut. Blond. Nicest woman ever!" "These girls that work there are so bitchy. They were so mean to my son. So unwelcoming! I will never ever bring my family there again! I thought they can manage a trim  13$/haircut!  She even knew about my natural curls & told me how that would work w/haircuts I wanted. Thanks!" "When I do get a haircut (which isn't too often so I want the best) I like to go to carsten's. Its pricey and the staff can be irritating at times   pretentious and second rate as they come. My stylist is worth every penny but  the Salon is way pricey for it's local.  If it's the Aveda products your after (You have good taste) you''d be doing yourself a favor by driving the extra two miles  to Salon Tru or Scottsdale Fashion  Square."  she always gives me a perfect cut.  She is super nice and I've missed her.  If Ally left I would probably leave too I go here frequently and they have excellent service.  I would recommend seeing Jessica Miller.  She is by far the best hairstylist I've ever seen.  I always hate explaining what I want and not turning out right. She's been perfect since day one "I came in for a cut and color. I had grown out highlights and split ends. Morgan gave me layers and the more natural look I was hoping for. I was so pleased with the service. She was patient  I was well over due for a cut and color. Morgan exceeded all of my expectations and I will definitely be seeing her again in the future! She is an amazing hair stylist and knows exactly how to make your hair look just the way you envision it to be!" I love this place! I had an opportunity to come in and sit with Morgan a couple years ago and I have never strayed to another salon since. She always works with me and always tells me to take my hat off whenever it's been too long between haircuts lol! The atmosphere is clean and chic and I will be back again and again! Ask for Morgan!  and the only person I will let touch my hair! She is so talented and I will give me an honest opinion when it comes to hairstyles! I have curly hair and she knows exactly how to style it in a way I love! I have gone to Georgie for cuts  every stylist has been trained by Mr Carsten individually.  It is the only place I have ever been where EVERY stylist is fantastic.  I first went to this salon in 1988.  I loved it then and continued to go until I moved out of town in 2002.  For 12 years  well polished cut then this is the place for you. Jenna a master stylist stood up to my expectations. She was fashion forward and listened to what I wanted through our consultation. For the price of a master stylist you get what you pay for. Wanted a medium length A-line cut and she did just that. Will definitely be back for another style and cut." P.s. Bea no longer works at the salon but I stayed with Jenna a stylist that's worked on my hair before and she is absolutely phenomenal. No complaints and the owner Carsten has been there on occasion when I'm there and is always smiling and super friendly. No pretentiousness at all here. I highly recommend Carstens."  welcoming receptionist and Carsten is always friendly and inviting! Thank you! Still my favorite place to go." You never get a bad haircut here. My hair looks great when I leave and with the technique they use it almost falls into place when I style it at home. I love Carstens and would not go anywhere else.  but I wish it were still priced a little lower than it is. There is something deflating about getting a great haircut and wanting to add some great shampoo to the experience only to shy away from it because it nearly doubles your cost. All in all  especially if you're looking for a 'do you know will flatter your face shape I20CbrlaXqC3kL1VQBLtpg New in the area.  BADLY needed a cut. Don't want to be a 'blue-haired lady' and am far past my 20s.  Based on other reviews I decided to give them a try.  Called for an appointment and didn't have to wait for a week or more to get in!  Yesenia is WONDERFUL!!!! "I've lost count of the years I've been a Cutter's Cottage customer.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.  If you are the kind of person who wants to find ONE PLACE where you can get comfortable and know your needs will always be met I love Cutter's Cottage! I've been getting my hair done there for 10 years and wouldn't go anywhere else. They are super friendly and their prices are great!  is a gem! She knows color. She knows cuts. She knows how to keep a conversation going! She's been doing my hair for more than 10 years and keeps me looking stylish. The stylists that work here all seem to really know their stuff Plus the remodel is looking really good!" I am just beyond impressed and I can't wait to go back!"  wash and trim as my local guy.  I am going to reserve final judgement until I see how it looks as it grows out." "Traci is simply amazing!  I drove all the way from westgate to their shop just to get my haircut from her.  The cut always comes out right I loved the place everyone was nice and Yesenia was wonderful I love what she did with my hair.  but I still wanted to change it up. I came to Cutters Cottage knowing I wanted an undercut and a trim. Tracie was amazing! She did the nape undercut the way I wanted  but also that he will accommodate my work schedule. He routinely agrees to see me as early as 7 in the morning and as late as 5 in the evening."  my hair hadn't been cut in a long time. It's also close to me which is a plus. Overall I'm mostly satisfied with my haircut  and bridal services at the salon. Ive been going here for about 7 years. I'm always satisfied with my hair cuts  I never feel rushed or picky.  If you are looking for somewhere new to try then give Salon Sandoval a call!" "I know the rating is low and part of it is undeserved. The people at Salon Sandoval are warm and welcoming and I have been happy with their services. They are an Aveda salon which is how I got their name. My stylist  again and again for my cut."  clean environment by a lovely staff. Thank you Salon Sandoval I look forward to my next visit !" Shane is the BEST!  He makes me feel so beautiful and my hair is always perfect after he's finished!  I can't say enough good things about him...he really takes his time to ensure perfection!!! I have been going to Rachel for a few years now and couldn't be happier.  I have very fine hair and she always makes me feel like a million bucks when I leave.  And the compliments I get after make me feel awesome!   I went to Fashion Square after a recent visit and a woman asked where I got my hair done and of course I told her.  I can't remember ever having anyone stop me to ask that question and I have had that happen a few times since going to Rachel.  She is very knowledgeable regarding hair and hair products but she is also a very sweet girl.  I would recommend Rachel at Salon Sandoval to anyone.  once I entered I was instantly impressed. Everything was so chic and clean. I loved the atmosphere. Katie cut my hair and she was fantastic! She made me feel totally comfortable and was super kind. I totally recommend everyone to go here!"  but I will drive to bfe for her.  I cannot tell you how many times I get stopped at malls or on the street an inquired about my hair color.  Just yesterday I had a lady asking me if it was a single process hair color.  I told her it was not.  It requires the expertise of Alisa to make it look this natural.  When Alisa was on maternity leave the first time Let me tell you what a great job she did!  My hair looks better than expected and I cant remember getting a better cut.  She was very detailed and meticulous about my cut and I didnt feel like he rushed through it.  I truly felt like she cared about my hair as much as I do. Trust me T03ew3k5i1dv-422E-dXdA and invested stylists like Gigi." T03ew3k5i1dv-422E-dXdA  every so often a girl feels like she needs to change her stylist because after a while it just gets stagnant! NOT so if you go to Salon Sandoval!!!! I've been coming here for 20 years and every time I leave here I feel like a million bucks!  They stay up to date on the newest ideas and trends but if it won't look good on you they don't do it!!! No cookie cutter cuts here!! Plus they're such a fun Victor is the fastest! You don't spend your precious time time waiting for an over booked stylist.  Walk in with a need for a cut and walk out with a new look.  The shop is convenient to all areas of town.  Go get pampered.  his prices are reasonable.  I have received compliments on my cut and have many friends who now go to him and are very happy.  You won't be disappointed.  The staff is friendly and courteous as well." I was new to town and had to find a new stylist. I found Qu at Esmero Salon and I have to say she is AWESOME!! The salon is really cute and comfortable. She did a great job on my cut and color. The color we chose was a great choice for me. The end result was a fabulous cut and awesome color. My hair shines it looks so healthy and it's so soft. My hair has never looked so good before. I can't stop swinging it around and touching my hair! Also...Qu has a personality which made it very easy to talk to her. I would very much recommend Esmero. I will be coming back. I have been going to Amanda for years and couldn't be more pleased. She's great with highlights and low lights for natural blonde hair. Many stylists struggle with this. She also helps me to make small changes when I'm bored but still trying to grow it out. The salon is clean and the staff is always very friendly. "I've been coming here for a long time. The atmostphere is cool. The magazine selection is fantastic. The place has gone downhill a little bit. The stylists used be peppy efficient friendly decent people. Now they all seem to be extremely slow I got what I would consider a decent hair cut for the price and will be back."  they wash your hair AFTER the cut to get rid of cut bits and looks like you would normally look hitting the road..  Add in a hot towel I highly recommend them over any barber  although they did cut my hair fairly nice and the neck shave was swell. It was just too expensive for a generic haircut every 5 weeks or so. My hair grows quick haha. If I wanted to pay this much each time  I think they're doing something right. Take it from someone who's been going to both Athleticuts for the past 10 years. This place is outstanding." Fantastic haircut from Sadie! You really get a great value for the price if your looking for a good haircut with some nice amenities like shampoo and scalp massage!  straight razor and hot towel. I'd look Sefi's Cuts up before chancing it at this haircut chain."  I just don't look like I do.  The experience we had is not what I would expect of a place marketing to families. The guy who cut my sons hair was terribly rude. He was rough on my son's head and then didn't want us watching him finish the haircut after hurting him. That was so creepy. Apparently he is the manager today. The other person working mentioned that he is not great with people.. Kind of a problem. I think he did t want me there because I am female. They had dads back there watching their son's haircuts."  I was completely ignored. Nonetheless I sat and waited for over 20 minutes and the gentlemen before me still waited for the one person cutting hair to finish the person he was working with. I understand this may seem like a small issue but when it's 4pm on a Friday you would think they would staff according. There are plenty of places in the Phoenix area to get a mediocre/simple haircut for a reasonable price. This is by far the last choice for me!!"  and Lucy and they all have done great jobs. They all were able to take what I instructed (for example Try Keiko and tell her Gayle sent you!  She's the bomb!"  I highly recommend him.  He's great if you can get past the multiple personality disorder."  I cannot get over how great my hair looks. I even trusted her enough to cut bangs for the first time in like 12 years. Good chair conversation and awesome skills."  I wouldn't have known about or tried this place if it weren't for reading all the great reviews on here!"  this is not your place. If you like fun and action and don't care so much if you have to go back every week because everyone there is so much fun I would definitely recommend this salon  :) I would say it is a TAD overpriced but its not awful **Disclaimer: I give Bobby -- himself -- 5 stars all the way!! The salon itself was good" I would recommend this salon to anyone visiting the Phoenix area!! They have fabulous male and female stylists I do not love the cut. When I spend that much money on a salon visit. I think I should LOVE it. I will not be returning to the salon. But for those of you who wish to  was a total of 9 minutes.. which was pretty cool. And the trim was free. Cant beat that." Salon Surreal is great because it's casual and offers great services at decent prices.  Go and treat yourself!  Also  considering that it gets such rave reviews.  I can't help but notice the lack of haughtiness.  This is a milder version of swank.  Everyone's really friendly (they even feed me tea & cookies) I was in desperate need for a haircut and I needed to get in a salon right away. I called salon surreal to ask how much a haircut costs there and when they told me $50 I thought that was really expensive but they were able to fit me in right away so i made an appointment. I usually pay about $30 including tip so I was wondering why they charge so much for haircuts.  My appointment was with Tasia and she was awesome. She asked me what kind of cut I wanted and I told her to do whatever she thinks will look good on me. Next step was washing my hair and she gave me a great head massage it was so relaxing I wanted to take a nap. Tasia did a great job with the cut and style and gave me tips on different ways to style my hair. She also showed me some products that I should use but wasn't pushy about selling them to me.  I really enjoyed getting my hair cut at Salon Surreal and now I understand why they charge $50 for a haircut. The stylists that work there are experienced and know their stuff. Though SS is about two minutes from where I live I would still give it my business regardless EDIT: Since posting this review I have received not 1 but 2 letters from my stylist asking me how my hair turned out. She also included special offers if I returned for another appointment. I appreciate the follow up. On the flip side Francesca is great & is way fun to hang out with.  All the other people in there are all douchey.  Anyways  I gave the place 5-stars because for the moderate price range it's pretty darn good.  I'd challenge you to find a more opulent salon for the same prices.  I'm sure there are some amazingly designed salons out there that are opulent  I mean how hard is it to cut an A-line and color a persons hair chocolate brown?  I decided to do some true research and of course used yelp to find Salon Surreal and booked an appointment with Julie.  Their prices are very reasonable cut rHtkiJVIT-AFexNcEQ1vYQ I tell everyone about Salon Surreal. I'm talking strangers walking down the street. It's just that amazing!!"  and Jessica is by far the loveliest and most friendly aesthetician I have ever had! She nearly makes the waxing experience pleasant :)  Definitely a place I'll be staying loyal to!"  the appointment gal told me that Heidi's next available appointment was in October...October! My split ends screamed and shivered when they heard that. So I asked her to put me on the waiting list and prayed to the hair dresser fairies for a miracle. And guess what?? True to the awesomeness of Salon Surreal and especially Heidi Definitely a place & stylist I will be staying loyal to!" rHtkiJVIT-AFexNcEQ1vYQ "Brandi did wonders for my abused and neglected hair!! I hadn't had my hair so much as trimmed in nearly a year! 3 inches removed  I know. I called a few places yesterday and I was lucky to get an appt at Salon Surreal for today. I showed up about 45 minutes early (got off work early) and had to make do since they couldn't get me in earlier. They offered me something to drink  ever since my previous stylist moved to D.C. She's so hilarious and outgoing--she tells it like it is. Plus she does a great job on the cut and is always sure I like it. If I'm iffy about the bangs "I have been going to this salon for my haircuts for almost a decade.....holy sh*t I am getting old!  I see Ann Gentle and I would not even know how tell someone how to cut my hair now that I have been seeing her so long.  The place is really nice and it has a cool atmosphere  my stylist Mandy didn't prejudge me and was willing to take her time discussing my new cut and highlights.  She had lots of good ideas and I ended up with really good cut and some new blonde highlights.  I'd definitely go back to her." I moved here almost 4 years ago and after a handful of bad cuts (picture the girl in 16 candles who got her hair caught in the door and a couple of other girls cut it out) a friend referred me to Salon Surreal. I've been going there for almost 2 years now. The first lady that did my hair moved and referred my to Stephanie Franklin and I couldn't be happier. It's nice to have found someone that understands my hair type (curly) and knows how to cut it.  make an appointment with Ginger Lee. She's thorough and discreet. She provides an array of services including full body waxing. As waxing goes My Cel to see how I was enjoying my color and blow out! Wow! Can't beat that service ! Will definitely be coming back :)" I was looking for a local place to continue my new obsession with gel nails.  A positive review on another site led me to Jillian Vaughan within Salon Surreal Salon & Day Spa.  We went with a dark navy Shellac and gel overlay.  Spring pastel colors be damned-my nails looked neat and super shiny!  She was super quick and the nails had a nice density.  They have grown out well and have not chipped.  Thanks Jillian! "Went to Salon Surreal for a cut and partial highlight-- it was my first time-- and i was actually very happy.  I saw Nicole and thought she was awesome.  Loved my cut and color.  Not to mention For those of you wanting a very nice pedi experience I've been going to Hiedi Hand for the past ten years and she is absolutely amazing. I fly back to Phoenix to have her do my hair because she is just that good.  Many hair stylists struggle with my color because I don't take well to lighter colors and cut because my hair is naturally wavy "Ann Gentle is excellent!  I just moved to Phoenix and was looking for someone to cut my hair and Yelp helped me out.  She listens I've been using Salon Surreal for over a year now and am very happy with them. I love Nicole R and have never been disappointed. I have long hair and am always afraid stylists will cut too much off but she listens to exactly what I want and always follows through. The price is pretty good compared to other locations in the Valley and they always seem to be busy. Definitely give it a shot- I don't plan on changing any time soon! "Hiedi is my stylist of choice at Salon Surreal. I've been a client for a LONG time ... let's see... 7 years. That's a long time in the hair salon years!  What keeps me coming back are the compliments I frequently get on my hair color. People are always asking me what I've done different. I really have no idea what exactly changes from one visit to the next. But I trust Hiedi every time. She puts me at ease and always knows how to change the color slightly to keep up with the season or my mood. She's fun to chat with This is my salon.  I've been going to Tammy Brunelle for ten years since I was in high school.  She always gives me a great haircut and color job.  I highly recommend scheduling an appointment with her asap!  and she never loses patience with me. She always wants to make sure I am happy.  I have recommended many friends to her over they years and they always go back too." I have been getting my haircut here for 6 years and cannot imagine going anywhere else!  We moved an hour away 4 years ago and I have continued to go back to Ann Gentle for the quality cut and the incredible service. Great salon- Keiko is my favorite and I know I'm not the only one who thinks so! She is so precise; I always know I will get a good cut from her plus she is so fun to talk to.  I love that they use Bumble and Bumble products from wash to cut to style. I always leave Salon Surreal and Keiko feeling fresh and amazing! Ann Gentle and Heidi H. are also great." I highly recommend Ann Gentle if you want your hair to have great color!" they did a fantastic job on my bodywave. I love it-still looking great months later. I love Salon surreal!" I have been to this salon twice and had two different stylists. First time I had Jeff and he was awesome but no longer works there. The second time I went I met with Nicole for a hair cut and style. Both experiences were pleasant. The salon has great hours and is very accomodating. I do think it's a bit pricey for what you get but I will go back. $50 for a 30 min haircut and style plus I tip $10.  there is no Shari Davis that I can find and I've given up. If I could afford to fly to Phoenix to get my hair done by Shari at Salon Surreal "One word: SHARI. She is amazing. She has been my go-to girl for the past four years. She not only makes it easy to have a conversation  although I hear many of the stylists are great (I'm just biased now)."  she's cutting too much off.. Omg more layering... Omg more razoring.. Omg this is going to be a disaster.""    Thank goodness it wasn't!  Like I said "I have a terrible time finding a good salon to go to primarily because I don't really like going and having my hair done.  The whole experience can take forever and be somewhat unpleasant depending on where you go.  I was pleasantly surprised however after visiting Salon Surreal and actually liking the experience.  I called I would highly recommend Laura McShane!  She took a while ""getting to know my hair"" and I gave her free reign to do as she pleased.  She gave me a modern haircut that is really low maintenance.  Way better than pointing at a picture of hair I found in GQ." **Quick Update.  I had my hair blow dried straight.  I got it wet this morning and now it is back to its curly self.  The cut is beautiful and the highlights are perfect too." I had my first visit with Audrey today. She was very friendly and skilled.  She made me very comfortable during our session. I would highly recommend her to family and friends!!!! Ok I think I am becoming a serious salon junkie.  I had Laura McShane do a Brazilian Blowout.  It is hot and humid today and my hair is stick straight and so soft and pretty.  Laura went out of her way to make sure I knew how to care for my hair after I leave the salon and made sure I left with the look I wanted.  Wonderful salon and service. "Ms. Lisa Stevens is a makeup artist at Salon Surreal. I'm a film and television actor in Phoenix and Los Angeles. Lisa has done my makeup a few times and I've been very pleased. Recently I've been to other places/people and my hair is just not as happy as when Keiko cuts it." So I am currently at another salon getting a color correction. Thanks for nothing."  Bree will be my to go girl from now on." "Bree is amazing! I had to get my color done on a work trip so I was extremely nervous trying out a new one time stylist but I wish I could use her everytime! She knew exactly what I wanted Laura McShane is a wonderful person and stylist."  the music was not very loud like other salons I have been to before. When my hair was washed afterwards it was relaxing and there was even beautiful relaxing music in the background. It was a fun days out!  I had some great hair therapy fun. And love my new hair! I'm definitely coming back! Thank you Ellie!" "I really love this Studio. Decorated modern & clean. Great vibe. I see Allison Hyatt and she does an AMAZING JOB!!! I have tricky hair and it's hard to get the highlights I want but Allison does it PERFECTLY!!! If you're looking for a great hair salon I can't say enough how great PCA skin product is as well as Kari. You will have to check it out yourself and believe me  it's worth every penny. Ask for Mariah - you won't regret it." In the past I have just done my own ombre. But I thought might as well have a professional do it. So I went to meg and she did awesome. My ombre didn't fade into the next color with out a line. When meg did it she did a great job making sure there were no noticeable lines into the next color. I love the lighter color she used because it's more natural. I will be going back to her!"  I am giving this place 3 stars because I felt like I way overpaid. I paid $60 for a ""just ok"" haircut.  I have been to several other salons where I get a better haircut for cheaper. That being said  I have ""cheated"" on her a few times - and went to someone else.  I was never happy with the results from someone else.  Ann is so easy to be with - and you have to like the person you are going to spend quite a bit of time with.   Ann has a ton of experience and you can tell she really enjoys her job.   The prices are good and she won't try to gouge you.   I really like the salon as well  during the setting time the color was leaking down my neck and face. It went through the cape and hit my clothes and my hands / arms. She didn't seem too concerned about correcting the situation. Furthermore my hair was not even styled properly!  I could have done a better job!!  Coloring is still coming off on my fingers even now. Never had this happen before. Avoid this place." "I have been going to Bree for over a year and every time she does the best job! I just give her an idea of what i want and let her do her magic  but it's been a couple of weeks and I still hate my hair. How on earth it is supposed to be thought of as a good job by the stylist who did it is insane Meg did my hair and I love it! I have been looking for a place to go for three years and I've finally found it! :) Meg Pesicka cut my hair and gave me straight across bangs just in time for my baby shower! I loved it! I have gone to Meg for years! I trust her whole heartedly and she's an amazing stylist! I've had her do cuts and colors; all of which have been perfect! Meg's your girl to see at Salon Surreal!  gave me her expert advice and then I ended up with the look I wanted. The haircut and the service are well worth the price!!"  and everyone was very friendly and personable. 4 of us had amazing updos and the brides long hair was beautifully curled. I wish I coukd remember all of names of the stylists who took care of us because we all had a great experience. Lisa did our makeup and added lashes- she consulted us each about our skin types and how much makeup coverage we were comfortable with. She did an amazing job on all of us and 12 hours later as the reception was winding down  very creative and always does a top notch job! In my eyes she is a color genius. I can tell her ""I want a chocolate cherry twist kind of color"" and BAM! That chick nails it every time! Been coming to her for a few months now and never once left disappointed. I wouldn't go anywhere else. Salon is clean I would recommend heather to anyone. She's done my hair off and on for the last decade and I've never been disappointed and I leave happy and feeling renewed. The cuts are awesome and last longer than any others I've had. I took a break when I had some financial issues but am so happy to have my hair in good hands again! Thank you so much!  everyone runs behind ) but apologized and offered water/ coffee. They made sure I felt comfortable and Maria asked twice about the cut I wanted because she wanted to make sure I was happy. They recommended products. The place was nice and clean and had a welcoming atmosphere. I really appreciate a business going above and beyond to make me feel so great about their services:-) I am def going back"  she was very kind and friendly and made me feel at ease. She was quick but missed several areas of hair that I now have to touch up myself. I hate it when that happens! I recommend  that she ask her clients if they are pleased with the results of her service before she leaves the room and tells them to get dressed. I still tipped her well but am bummed with the results." Love this place! I see Amanda and she always does an amazing job not to mention gives the best massages while shampooing. I am in the process of growing my hair out and get so many compliments on the cut. She does a great job recommending products to keep my hair healthy and reverse some of the damage I have done from constant blow drying. The salon carries tons of great products and offers spa services as well.   paying for used conditioner and the lack of accountability on the part of the salon to try to fix this."  Ellie is the master. I get a haircut every three weeks and it always turns out perfectly. Ellie just seems to instinctively know how to properly cut different types of men's hair. I had some hit and miss cuts around town  but I am so frustrated and so disappointed! After reading all of these reviews I am beyond let down by my experience and my hair- I hate it! I am new to this area and relied upon Yelp and the reviews to get my hair done. My first mistake. I went into Salon Surreal and spoke with the receptionists and setup a consultation for my hair; they assured me that the stylist was perfect to achieve what I wanted. I went in talked with her and she seemed like she knew what she was doing and was eager to do my hair. That Saturday I went in for my appointment and my hair color turned out awful! She apologized and said I could come in on Thursday and she would fix it at no charge but it probably was because my hair was damaged. If my hair was so damaged "This place is awesome! I drive all the way from Laveen because I don't trust anyone but Ellie with my hair!! Everyone is so friendly  I won't have a bad hair day for at least 5 weeks. Now that's a great stylist!" I have been coming to see Hiedi Hand for years and have such a strong level of trust in her skills that I sit in her chair and let her do what she wants; it always turns out amazing!  Even weeks after my appointment I get compliments on my hair!  Thank you so much Hiedi! Hiedi is the best! I have been going to her for years. She does a great job on color and cut. I was out of town and someone asked to take a picture of my hair it looked so good. Thanks Hiedi! "I've been going to Ann D. since moving to Phoenix over a year or so ago from Colorado. I was told about her from a client of my previous stylist in Colorado! I have always been completely happy with my hair-everytime I've seen her  and I always come out with perfect hair. I've seen about four of their different hair stylists since I first started coming here "My first men's haircut from Ty was fantastic. He was very good at finding out what I liked and cut precisely to that result. Best haircut in ages "Decided that after 10 years of super great cuts and color that it's time to do a shout out for SUNDY.... I have naturally curly hair (so does Sundy) which can be twerky and challenging. She's a master at cutting curly hair and has introduced me to numerous products to enhance the curl Amazing job by SHELBY! I was in town and needed a cut and color bad! Someone suggested Shelby here and I was beyond satisfied. I wish I before and after pics to post. I may be traveling to Phoenix from now on for hair appointments just to see Shelby. Without a doubt the best experience I've had with a stylist. I highly recommend her! She does an amazing color job! I got highlights and a cut by Kylee today. She was so great!! My hair came out even better than I had imagined and she really took the time to ask the right questions to make sure I got what I wanted. I can't wait to come back! ***Ask for Alexis!****" The front desk is great at their job--I have never encountered a mistake with them since I started going here. I also like the decor and the layout of the salon. This place is for sure a Phoenix gem."  and got to sit on one of the 4 cars/chairs of his choice. The lady that cut his hair was friendly and interactive with him  where to begin!? This place was nothing short of awesome. I've been looking for a good place to take my 18 month old for a good month. I came across this specific location and decided we would give it a go (eventhough its 30mins away). I am veryy happy we did! Miss Jenn helped us  and they have a rewards card so we get coupons every couple of months for money off or special offers. The kids love the games and movies they can play and all of the stylists do a pretty good job. I recommend making an appointment so you don't have to wait. And we love Miss Veronica Value: Worth EVERY penny" My 14 month old son just had his first haircut today and went awesome! Bridgett was patient with him and very friendly. He sat in a police car while watching Mickey Mouse Clubhouse and only cried a little when the buzzer went on. I will definitely be taking my son there from now on for future haircuts! The price was awesome and the service wonderful. They really are geared towards the little ones! Just took my 16 month old son in for his 1st haircut.  Karen was awesome and very patient.  She gave us a lock of his hair and a magnet picture frame. Lane loves his new haircut! Thanks! "Love this place! Other location on Cactus.....never again! The stylists are friendly and polite My 3 year old has been coming here for over a year now. It has been a great experience every time!! Veronica does a really great job!!  we have been coming to Cool Cuts on 7th Street. Veronica is great and the kids love her! They love the firetruck and police car chairs and the fun movies the can pick out while they are getting their hair cut. Highly recommend them!"  gave him good ideas for distraction and did a great job on his hair cut. We are DEFINITELY coming back here! He was smiling at the end and told us he had fun. The price was really good as well." Veronica connected so well with my granddaughter.  She made sure she understood the style that she wanted and it turned out darling!  It had lots of braids and sure looked difficult.  We couldn't have been happier.  My granddaughter only wants Veronica to style her hair now. I drive from North Scottsdale to see Karen. She's been doing all if my kids hair for years since she was at the Scottsdale location. Coming from NYC I was very particular in who touched my sons hair. I like his hair cut not shaved like a barbershop. She takes her time and does exactly what I ask her to do. i recently took my 8 month old son for his 2nd hair cut here with his stylist Karen. She is the best. my son enjoys his visits here and she is always very nice and friendly. my son is very at ease with her. she listens to what i wanted and cut his hair perfectly. i couldnt be more happy with the results. I absolutely loveeee this place. My son has been getting cuts from Jessica for the past two years and not once have we been disappointed. If your child hates haircuts this is the place to go.  I even make the drive from El Mirage to come here. Veronica was our hairstylist and she did a wonderful job! She had my daughter pick out a movie to watch while she cut her hair. I am super picky about anyone cutting my daughter's hair because it's curly and not a lot of people know how to cut it right "Our stylist Jessica was extremely patient and caring with our two year old. Played his favorite movie ""Cars"" and entertained him the whole time."  and FAST. She checked in with me each step of the way to see if I wanted this or that even if he fussed. My son probably would have been fine without me there easy to schedule appointment and very clean. great environment."  she was great! Our 14 month old boy's haircut turned out perfectly and she was very patient with him wiggling around! He had his first haircut at a different location and I didn't like how it turned out  and a train table to wait by...great place."  very kid friendly. She is the only reason I gave it 1 star. My son has curly hair. He was very excited for his first haircut. She was extremely rude to him and handled him roughly. She sprayed his hair and put conditioner on his it and started combing his hair very roughly. He started crying and said she is hurting him. I asked her to be more gentle and she refused "I went to this place based on the reviews I saw on here. I was not disappointed at all. It was only my 2 year old daughter's second time getting her hair cut and she hates strangers so I was extremely nervous with how she was going to react to the whole thing. She picked out the car she wanted to sit in and they put on her favorite show for her and gave her multiple toys to play with as well. Karen was great and was very patient and helpful. I recommend this cool cuts 110%. Even if you live far from this location Miss Kelly is the best! She always does a great job on my sons hair and she is so great with him! They always do a fantastic job here! Quick-professional- and great haircuts!  If you can call ahead for an appt there is no wait but I've also done a walk in plenty of times and they are usually very quick to get us in.  we took her to Cool Cuts 4 Kids. She had a great time. She sat in a firetruck and played with the steering while while watching some Minnie Mouse cartoon. She didn't fuse at all during the experience. They also give a cute little first hair package  too short of a hair cut and I still had to pay for their error. Wasn't happy with the hair cut  but it is totally worth the drive every time! Jessica is amazing and seriously so patient and understanding (my 15 month old had a bit of a meltdown on his 3rd haircut-to put it politely lol)! I haven't been to any other stylist but they all seem to demonstrate the same upbeat attitude! The cute car chairs and DVD players are a plus and the waiting play area is awesome to keep the little ones busy if there's a wait. I won't go anywhere else!"  they definitely do their best to give my son a good haircut. They have cool car chairs for the kids to sit in  with the TV's and cars/trucks for the kids to sit in.  Stylists are very friendly....but feel their skill level is poor. We have not had good haircuts with our son either of the 2 times we took him there. Both times the cut was crooked and today we asked for a small trim and he ended up with basically no bangs because the stylist cut the bangs crooked and had to cut shorter to make it straight. I had to be the one to point out that the cut was crooked as she was finishing up and didn't notice.  I don't expect a perfect cut with a baby but my son was even sitting pretty still so that shouldn't have been the issue. Would rather go elsewhere." My daughter had a wonderful first hair cut experience. The staff truly specialize in helping make children of all ages feel comfortable throughout the entire process. Heather was fabulous!! Love this place! My son asks to get his hair cut on his own he loves it so much. We had Kelly the first few times and she moved. She was amazing! Now we go to Jessica and she is the best! She really listens to what I ask and gives him a great hair cut that not only looks good when we walk out but grows out great and lays perfect! You know you have a good hair cut when it grows out nicely too. Highly recommend this place and Jessica! "This place was great! Went to get my 5 year old a short hair cut because she was twisting her hair so much. Veronica was awesome Jessica and Veronica are the best. Those are our go to girls. Started bring my son when he was 1 for his first cut and he is now 9. The kids get their cut as do my husband and I. One stop for all of our haircuts and they do a FANTASTIC JOB. Totally rad hair salon! My son is 1 1/2 and today we got his second haircut.. The lady who cut his hair was named Rachel and she was very quick and patient w my toddler sitting in his lil yellow car crying the entire time. She talked too him and interacted w him the entire time! Played Elmo for him and even called him by his 1st name. I was completely satisfied with the way everything turned out and 100% happy with my boys new due. Thank you ladies for your patience and keep up the great work. We will def be back! 5star Under new ownership after a few rocky years (original owner passed away last year).  Very friendly salon with excellent staff. "A friend referred me to Beautyworx a few months ago and I have been going regularly for manicures ever since.  Marie (the owner) has impressed me as an extremely committed and caring person for her customers as well as her staff.  I recently entrusted Chrissy (Marie's daughter) This salon is great! I see Christine and have been going to her for years for my hair and eyebrows. She knows how to make me look good! I moved to Arizona in 2010 and having been going to Christine ever since based on a recommendation from a friend. She is amazing with my hair and she is always on time :) the salon is beautiful and everyone is always so friendly! I would recommend anyone to her!"  asked for ombre and now my hair is black/grey.  thanks christine." "Christine is awesome! She has been doing my hair for years and always looks like perfection! Go see her!! (: Overall Got my hair do there today by Chelsea. She did an excellent job. She is great at color and highlights. Loved the way it turned out. Will be back for sure. Great service!! I've gotten hair extensions here multiple times and I always leave with exactly what I want! This is the place to go!  extensions and I've never once been disappointed. There have been times I wanted to change up my look and Krissy would give me a lot of different ideas and execute them perfectly! The staff is great This salon is very welcoming.  Krissy is an artist when it comes to cut and color.  She's also great to talk to.  I definitely recommend Beauty Worx!  I will see you again."  Cassidy. She gave me the cut I imagined and got my hair looking healthier than it has in a long time. I left feeling so amazing and couldn't stop looking a tmy hair. if you go ask for Cassidy she is AWESOME!!!!"  then stuck me under the hair dryer for 10 minutes for unto soak in. Once she started to cut and style my hair I could tell that she wasn't very experienced "Yep...I agree with the previous...absolutely gotta love them....attentive  She butchered my hair. I left with a Liza Minelli haircut. i merely asked for my hair to be thinned out (very think hair). I mentioned throughout the cut that i though it was going to be too short. The stylist assured me it would be fine because she was cutting from the bottom up. In the end  I know she and Marie keep an all star team of stylists in the salon ready to rock. I've seen many many awesome styles and happy clients leaving the salon!" the salon has a positive family atmosphere and was clean.  Sarah was patience caring and took time to consult with me to get a final result that was exactly what I wanted.  A great haircut and color. As a first time client Id recommend the salon and Sarah.  The receptionist is adorable. I look forward to coming back I love this salon- everyone is super friendly and Krissy consistently does a fantastic job! Wonderful salon. Been going here for over a year and always satisfied. Crystal does my hair and it always looks good. She's busy cuz she's so good but definitely worth it.  Love her!!!   And BeautyWorx also has pedicures and manicures.  Comfortable atmosphere."  don't cut someones hair!!  I'll stick to letting the professionals at Honeycomb Organic Hair Salon  do my cutting from now on. How hard could it possibly be to trim BANGS?! THEY'RE ALREADY PARTED SHAPED! My bangs look disgusting and I'm not going to let that hack job TRY to fix them. Bs!"  and conveniently located close to home.  While I fully admit to being high maintenance in some ways I keep my hair a relatively simple process - just follow what is there Took care of me even though I didn't give them much to go on.  I appreciate the patience every time I'm here. Good for a quick trim and service was friendly!" If I could gives this place 0 stars I would! Worst experience ever! Horrible customer service and the lady who cut my hair messed up my bangs so bad! I can't believe she has a license to cut hair. Beware of the chola lady with red dike hair!  good to know you don't think haircuts differ at all in time. This woman with short red hair(pixie cut) came over and showed me to to my seat- her breath reeked of cigarettes. I told her I wanted to keep my length- light layers- and a frontal bang. She did the WORST haircut I have ever received in my life- and this is not an exaggeration. My hair went from the middle of my right below my collar bone. That's not layering that's doing a sh*tty cut because you want to go home. And I am particularly attached to my hair/ it takes a while for it to grow. I started crying in the chair and my hair fell to the floor. She looked at me and rudely asked if I had ever had layers before as if I was stupid. I told her I'd had em all my life but they never looked like this. She kept none of the length. And her complete lack of compassion and customer service at the fact that I was obviously upset. She held no conversation- asked how my day was or anything. A girls hair is very important and now I have to spend the next few months wearing a ponytail. I will NEVER be back & I wish the store owner was there so they could see that directly."  walked out. What nasty looking stylists. I'll never return. Try Zara Salon next door. I see Donna now." "Went in in this evening . The lady cutting my hair either had a plane to catch or was genuinely not interested. Didn't even let me say a word on what was wrong with the haircut  "Disappointed with the service I received from Carrie today. She was unwelcoming and displayed a ""cold"" attitude towards me and her own co workers. Bad representation of the company. I won't be returning." "Very professional lady she did a great fade after I screwed up the back of my head I've also had a massage by Beth who is AWESOME! Extremely profession and just a very good masseur. For nails  I told the front desk girl & an elderly female employee I would be leaving since the new stylist still had not shown up and no one provided me with an update. How long was I expected to wait?  The elderly woman gave me a weak excuse and was not motivated to try to resolve the situation.  Her attitude (for someone her age) was very poor.  I won't be returning & will share with others this very unpleasant first time experience.  It's amazing that some businesses still operate this way in today's day & age.  What a shame..."  I was willing to give it a shot and Donna turned out to be really great."  which I was not advised of when I made the appointment.  Attention to detail on both your hands and feet and time to relax and be pampered cannot be accomplished in an hour.  I was very very disappointed in the service received and would never even think twice about giving them another try.  Luckily I had purchased a deal on one of the Phoenix deal sites JjEeBJre3x_7kGdXiR3OLw "I purchased a Groupon for a shellac manicure & pedicure. Both services were performed by the self proclaimed ""only full time manicurist."" She complained about how little money she actually makes on each Groupon and basically threw a pity party. I finally told her I would have never visited the salon if not for the Groupon Had a Groupon for a mani pedi and unfortunately I did not research this place well enough. Got there in time. Receptionists were nice. Told me the nail tech will be there soon. I had to ask them if I should choose my nail color. The tech Diane or Diana was nice but not at all thorough. Could you imagine? I noticed that she did not go through the trouble of cleaning off the old polish on all of my nails. The hand massage was lame and lasted all of 2 mins per hand. I noticed when that my nails looked lumpy and I mentioned it to her but she brushed it off as that's how my nail was. Now I've been getting mani pedis for a long time and I know what my nails are like or supposed to look like. When I left I realized that she had indeed polished over my old polish! Wow! That was a first. I would definitely not be going back to that salon. Obnoxious clients and less than excellent nail tech. I think that Tabitha needs to visit this place. - Not as pleasantly clean as I have seen other places like my favorite 'Hand and Stone'.. Hand and Stone offers much more professional service  even the owner.  They should really not be in business.  There were no customers when I was there so I guess thats why they falsely advertise as a Hilton Salon and Spa when its really called Compliments.  Desperate!  A really terrible place."  I guess I just answered why ""Hilton"" is part of their name.  Not a great place." I've since noted that all other negative reviews for Compliments correlate with having purchased a Groupon.  If I was satisfied with my service. My nails still look fantastic (minus the white outlines)" Unbelievable. I would give it zero stars if it wasn't for the free tootsie pop in the waiting room." Do yourself a favor - go somewhere else."  AZ 85022) for charging $55 for a 5 year old's pedicure after quoting me a much lower price. That is obscene for an ordinary  run of the mill child's pedicure." "I have been through many hair stylists and can honestly say that every time I go to this salon and see Courtney it is a relaxing occasion with a professional that knows what she is doing and aims to please. I went to the salon for color and cut and had to leave without my cut because I had to run out on another appointment. Courtney felt so bad for something that was obviously not her fault and she made sure to fit me in within a couple of days. She is amazing. Also "I also purchased a Groupon when they offered it.  I was never able to get an appointment untill after the expiration date of the offer.  As stated by others "I have to say I was a little hesitant about using my Groupon here after reading the reviews.  However I can honestly say I am glad I gave it a chance! My stylist Lauren was awesome. She gave me the exact look I was wanting while being very open about what would work best Tabby herself would get 5 stars."  her comments are only excuses! Lousy business obviously run by someone with no business acumen. This only underscores my original review."  with an incredible deal...which proves to be awesome when looking for someone who will potentially be a regular go-to.  I got super lucky as 'Courtney' had a cancellation today and 'Tori'(front desk) was able to fit me in within a few hours notice.  Courtney clearly knew her stuff. She listened to my request and absolutely nailed it. We discussed future visits and color options. I knew this wasn't the ""Hilton hotel spa"" Anyhow my experience was fantastic start to finish and Lauren has a new client "I had my wedding hair and nails done at this salon as they are the closest salon to where I was getting ready (I have been going to this salon through its various owners for the past twenty years). Lauren was absolutely fantastic! She took the time to play around with my hair when I went in for just a haircut so that we were set on a style for the big day. She was relaxed and made great suggestions. She was very flexible and my hair turned out great. It lasted through the summer heat and looked fantastic in pictures. Terri did my nails and the (my first ever) gel manicure lasted through flower assembly and a hiking honeymoon. I was very impressed. Coming from NYC the nail prices are a bit high  I had much distaste considering I was leaving 5 hours later with unacceptable hair. I then called to correct the situation and was denied a refund and told that was against policy. They did however offer to fix my hair "I followed Brittany here so I could continue to get great hair care services.  Once again I was NOT dissapointed.  The location it's self was easy to find "This place gets 5 stars because of Lauren.  She is an amazing stylist.  She really listens to what you want  I had much distaste considering I was leaving 5 hours later with unacceptable hair. I then called to correct the situation and was denied a refund and told that was against policy. They did however offer to fix my hair  stopped in n showed the young lady at the desk a picture n asked if they had a stylist that could handle something like it. She immediately said ""Jessica"". A couple weeks later  I was online and noticed a groupon (it's still there) I believe it's cut Im so happy that I was paired with her as a stylist Whatever you do don't go there with a Groupon. I really believe they want to get you in there and then take more money from you somehow." Management seemed apologetic and gave me a 50% discount on a cut if I wanted to come back again with either Maria or another stylist  this time with another stylist.  Will update when I know more."  but I still have a cut that is difficult to style and isn't the most complimentary to my face or the quality of my hair.  I really hate when stylists think they know better than you what looks best  on you. Really wanted to give this place a better rating The shop is very nice and comfortable. You don't feel intimidated coming here. Everyone is great!!" I have been getting hair cuts at Gulick Bros for 20 years!  They are the BEST.  Never a bad haircut to leave this place regardless of which stylist you use.  It's a trendy yet comfortable place which is family owned. for 25 plus years.  ( a few T.V. celebs. have also gone there )" I have been coming here for about six months to get my hair done by Chuck. He is great! He picked out the perfect hair color for me and cuts my hair just the way I want it done. He is so efficient "Dave Jr. has been cutting and coloring my hair for years.  I'm the kinda gal who will come in and ask what looks best I had my hair cut for the first time by Pete Gulick today and it was fanominal! He couldn't of done a better job. I felt very comfortable and welcome the whole visit. Pete is a not only a fabulous hair stylist but a friendly person who has the best advice about hair! I would definitely recommend him to anyone looking for a great quality hair cut. Dave Sr is the best! Been coming here for years. I grew up in the neighborhood and went to school with some of the Gulick family. Great people. Exceptional stylists. Dave has always impressed me. Love this place!  I decided to go back to Gulick Bros. Best hair decision I've made! Dave not only remebered who I was but he knew exactly what I wanted as soon as I sat in his chair! He takes his time & makes you feel important  Sr does great hair. I hear Chuck does great hair as well. Very impressed with this place and look forward to my next appointment!" "I've been going to Dave Jr. for a few years (on and off). I just saw him this past Saturday (09/13/14) and I am never disappointed in his work! The first time I ever went to him about 4 years or so ago "I am so grateful that they could get me in last minute on a Saturday. I got a full color and cut and it was exactly what I wanted. I'm not good at communicating what I want done with my hair but Chuck somehow understood completely. The color looks great Hair cuts were always great but I stopped going here because Dave Sr. turned into a jerk! Heaven forbid you come late one time -- you will pay dearly with passive aggressive treatment. I'm done! "Gulick Brother's Hair Salon is a top notch salon!!  My mom has been going here for years and has always been extremely happy with the service  you might pay a little more or a little less.  The don't take walk-in's so call and make an appointment.  Most of the stylists have loyal followings -- they are that good.  Don't let the little old ladies throw you off from visiting here.  You can get a really good haircut for under $15 "Excellent service! Winnie used to work at another hair salon before she bought this one. She is the new owner and she is a true artist. I came in with a friend to get a haircut and color "Winnie the owner of the salon has been my stylist for the last two plus years and I followed her here from another salon. She has amazing talent and by far the best colorist in town. If you're looking for a fresh new look or just a trim and touch up OPUnaTRk6Nyv2QO6l2sa4w I recommend it to all my friends and family"  she is very talented and has done a great job with my highlights. Consistency is crucial when it comes to highlights and i never walk out unhappy. I have done short haircuts Winnie is a wonderful hairstylist.  She looked at the photos I brought with me and worked with me about length (as I want to grow it out for a wedding next year).  Very professional and fun.  I hear that she also does wedding hair.  I would take her up on that if I did not live out of town.  and she cut my hair exactly the way I wanted it. What a relief to know my hair is in the hands of a true professional. I recommend this place highly. I just went back for my 2nd cut. Everyone there is friendly I do not know the real name of Mrs. Edward Scissor hands but if you visit this place your best bet is getting Winnie to cut your hair!" Cricket was awesome!!! Love my new haircut I highly recommend visiting this salon and come out looking Fabulous." Awesome customer service!!!  These people know what they are doing!!!!!  Great staff with experience!!!   The best in town!!!!  and help you find the product that is right for you.  Easy parking in a convenient location. (Trader Joe's/Whole Foods shopping center.)  The nail/massage area is quite nice - private and quiet."  which I could barely feel went just slightly above my ankle.  The actual exfoliating part of the pedicure barely happened - I need to find ANOTHER place to do the job they didn't do.  I paid $52 (incl. $8 tip) and feel completely ripped off.  Oh  and it was great. Donald cut my hair and he was great. We got along as if we known each other for years and he cut my hair exactly the style I wanted." When I called to make the appointment I asked for a senior stylist who was good with long hair.  I was getting a trim and style.  I wished I had taken a ""before"" picture so I could post it.  Let me tell you.. I had just rolled out of bed and was looking like one hot mess!  What a transformation.  Carissa made my hair look FABULOUS!!.  She even gave me a scalp massage when she washed my hair and also she took her time blowdrying my hair and made sure it was perfect.  Carissa is very professional  they take ULTA coupons too!!! and you can stack them with your beauty brands take ten!!" I have been going to this salon for over a year. Jodi a senior stylist is wonderful! I have long hair and I color and highlight it regularly. They also carry Bumble & Bumble products which I love. Great service and prices I like the professional but not stuffy atmosphere.  and have not been anywhere near this happy." I stopped by this Beauty Brands for the first time last week after yoga class looking for a dry shampoo and had no idea what kind I wanted. All of the girls immediately recommended their favorites and found the bottle for me. They were very friendly and continued to offer their advise on other products. I am very satisfied with my choice and would definitely go back! Maybe even try the salon.... Lisa is for sure my new stylist and I will be making all my appointments with her...I can't wait till next week to see how she colors my hair! :)" "Best place ever for all your hair and nail needs!!!!! I will always got to beauty brands for my hair and nails  i no longer go to great clips and sports clips and i would recommend any man to go here and get there hair cut too!"  had a bit of a wait (which is nothing considering the amazing service) but after getting my haircut I was pleased to say my hair looks amazing once again thanks to Rosa"  another great haircut at a great price!"  save a dollar on Wed. and Thur.  I tried this shop years ago under different ownership and it was dirty and full of smoke.  Now that the no smoking law is in place I tried it again.  The new owners fixed up the shop so it no longer smells and it's neat and clean.  I'll definitely return again." Found my new barber and they even do flat tops. Old school my friends. I would definitely go back here again. I only knocked off 1 star because at the end she gave me clipper burn cleaning up those pesky bottom neck hairs. Not a huge deal for me to be honest  never too busy. Whoever thinks this is a creepy place is high maintenance drama queen. Been going here 7 months straight every two weeks with no issue. Won't go anywhere else." 3 visits and super happy! I won't go anywhere else now! :-)" zkFP1CIt4MNLNkQC4Vhg3A  or considering going blonde?  After years of frustration I finally found a hairdresser who is a genius with color! Her name is Lisa Fournier and she has been with Grandstrands for many years. I have been using her for almost 10 years.  Make sure that you plan ahead when making your appointments My children can be very shy but Craig knew exactly how to make them feel comfortable and they actually enjoyed their haircuts!  For a great cut and supreme customer service I definitely recommend Craig as a stylist.  He has been my hair consultant for many years! Love it here! !! They listen and then do it....  up on the latest styles and reasonably priced. Kathy does my hair & she is amazing! Wouldn't dream of going anywhere else!"  and your child being scared to death in the process. Spend a few bucks more and go to a shop that specializes in kids. The kids get to sit in a regular chair or a special car or airplane chair and watch a video from a decent selection while the snippers do their work. My little boy just had his third haircut ever  and the full court press on the hair products was a complete turn-off.  I won't be taking my kids back Considering we had to pay for the gentleman who got his hair cut in the chair next to my son at the barbershop because he (my son  the ladies are patient and have calming solutions. I have seen many haircuts given while the kid is in the Moms lap.   (At least my kids never had that hair meltdown) I am very comfortable with them and think others would enjoy Cool Cuts"  but it gives the kiddo time to play with the train and pick her movie." I was thoroughly disappointed at the lack of customer service! so sad "I brought my 15 month old son in for his first haircut and I will not be going back. The woman who cut his hair was not the type of kid-friendly personality I would expect for someone working in that kind of place. She was very aggressive about trying to sell me hair products Guess where we will go in the future?" I take my kid to get haircuts here because they know how to do cute cuts for children and the price is worth it." I think a lot of customers  must be getting  old stylist  that aren't  there anymore. I always have a great experience.  everyone  should  ask for Theresa.  she is one of the best and has been there for years. Save some time by calling ahead and booking an appointment.  I usually book my son's appointment ahead of time (asking for Theresa OF COURSE- she's works 2 days a week now) then it's hassle free.  You can be in and out of there with a haircut for your child in about 30 mins and you all know I take my son to this Cool cuts every few months.  They staff is always friendly.  I have learned to call ahead and make an appointment as they are often super busy and only have 2-3 stylists on average.  I like that they have a train table to occupy your kiddos if you have to wait. I wish they did not sell toys. This is a constant battle with my 5 year old and I just do not see the purpose of having that kind of distraction.  Elk Grove and here. The fact it is familiar helps getting our sons haircut easier."  he picked out a movie and we tried to get him to sit in one of the cars but he declined so he sat on my lap. He still cried and had a hard time but she was very quick and thorough and he was able to move around and wiggle while she cut it. She did a fabulous job!! She is the second person that I have seen hit a moving target and still cut his hair as if he held perfectly still.. I will definitely be going back to this location for his haircuts. As for others saying that this location is a dump. It is clean Fabulous salon which can get a two year old on and out in less than 15 min with a great cut!  we got right in without having to wait. She let my little guy pick out a movie (quite a selection!) And sat him in the little car chair. When he got a little antsy.. she let him pick from an awesome decoy drawer full of cars to play with! He was all smiles from beginning to end (which was only about 8 minutes because she's so quick!) If your nervous to take your toddler for a haircut.. this place will make it a breeze!" Cons: It is pricey. You pay for the movies and games and not the service. I paid to have my daughters hair dried and they left it wet. They used the blow dryer for a minute and then dried it a little more using their fingers. She told me it it more of a finger dry. Maybe they shouldn't charge for a blow dry if that's not what it is. I also had two employees pushing products at me. I get wanting to inform a customer about a product but when it is continuously being pushed on me the whole time I am there it gets very annoying. Even after saying not interested." They are wonderful girls! Super friendly and great at cutting hair. It is such a wonderful hair salon and the kids feel very at ease! My 3 year old and 10 month old son both love it here! This place is awesome. I have been taking my 2 1/2 year old son here for some time now. Lauren is the best. She has been so patient with.him. He used to cry when we got his hair cut and would never let anyone use the clippers. Everytime we go he gets a little better. He doesnt cry anymore and this last time he even let her use the clippers. His hair always looks amazing. If you go here definetly ask for Lauren she is patient and always has a smile and my little guys loves her.. Took my daughter to get her hair cut for the first time. She loved it. They have a play area and when their name is called they get to pick a game or a movie to watch or play while they get their hair cut!  instead of just layers around my face she really took her time and layered my hair in the back too. Liked that she was very careful and meticulous in cutting my hair. Would come here again" I call ahead to confirm that ""Lisa"" is on duty." "Can't ever seem to get a cut here. The wait is 45 minutes or more when there is no one else waiting in the waiting area all while some other customer being helped is having their hair set...smh  I wasn't in any hurry. This young man Sean was the one stylist who totally impressed me. That was 3 weeks ago and i am very happy with my hair and very pleased with my new stylist ""Sean"".  Sean listens and asks questions.  Sean They are pretty detailed with his haircuts and take their time and the last 2 stylists have kids his age so they were able to relate to cartoons and superheros and they just jabbered away."  I visited this particular salon which is under new management.  This is one of the nicer Supercuts salons.  Tyler is a real gem and does an amazing job of listening to exactly what I want and making it happen. Everyone is very friendly and genuine about welcoming clients. I knew all the stylist names before I left.   This is my new salon!" I used to come here a couple years ago and always loved their cuts. I've been back twice in the last month and both times my hair was of less quality. It felt as they were just rushing to get to the next client and appeared to lack the necessary training to properly cut hair. I will not be returning again. 