"I have been coming here for several years!  Laurie and Katie are both extremely friendly!  Katie does a fabulous job styling my hair  and comfortable atmosphere. They are very friendly and extremely professional.  Everybody goes to ""The Strip""  now and then-take a little stroll up the road and see what I'm talking about."  talks to you like you've been friends for years.  I brought my sister in for a keratin treatment a while ago and she too is now a loyal customer of Katie's.  It's just a great place." Best haircut ever!  And the ladies smell nice too.  coloring and basically an awesome place for your hair! A down-to-earth place I return to over This is a wonderful spa! They really accommodate your needs and are very attentive. The money is well spent and worth every penny! Very professional and yet so comfortable!  I will go back again and try a junior stylist. Parking is conveniently located across the street at the parking garage and they do validate. Prices seem to be on the high end for Pittsburgh but I suppose you get what you pay for! The salon is clean and comfortable. The staff is across the board friendly. Sign up for their email list and get offers for discounted services. Would recommend." Got an amazing facial here. I have been there for a pedicure and massage in the past. It's great.  nothing but a positive experience! Need the right person for your hair? Someone you can trust and make you feel like a new person? Go see Rachel I had an absolutely wonderful experience! My stylist knew exactly how to manage my crazy hair and she chose the perfect cut and color for me (I had a few ideas that she listened to but I pretty much let her have free reign over the appointment)  and I have never been happier with the outcome! I have heard horrible things about how this salon is managed and how they handle customer complaints. My dear friend right now is dealing with the owner of this salon. You would not believe how awful the things they have said and put her through. This is a small community - really poor business skills and treating people badly spreads like wildfire. "I have been going to Nick since 1985 I moved out of state and still come back just for a cut and color by Kim."  plus he is a military veteran.  Wonderful person and personality!  *****" Horrible...have walked in albeit without an appt and they act as though they're doing you a favor letting you be their customer...Avoid at all costs..you're better off going to Great Clips or even the deli @ Harris Teeter...  where they don't move you through like cattle.  Will gladly continue spending a couple extra dollars here than go elsewhere." "Brittney is my stylist. She is efficient and pleasant and fairly priced. My wife and kids go to Amanda. Amanda is great with the kids and my wife trusts her to treat them well. She is very patient with our 5  clean atmosphere and the therapists and aestheticians are awesome. Only giving 4 stars because I had a bad experience with an eyebrow waxing several years ago with an apprentice and have never booked an appointment for a haircut as a result." If you looking for a great place This my second massage with Trish.  I went in all bent over and achy and came out standing tall.  When the hour was over my body was screaming for more.  I have had massages before with other therapists but there is just something about Trish that works magic.  She has limited hours because she has another full time job but she is worth getting in to see and have her work her magic.  Very therapeutic for me. I love the staff and the atmosphere.     always ready to offer a cup of Java? I have used different styles and aways love the results! Just wanted to update and add another shout-out for massage therapist Trish. She's the best! In town for a wedding.  Eric did an amazing job on my hair.  Staff was very friendly. QseK4W6BwKsyDd36ksxeew Michael gives you individual one on one attention which is a nice change from other salons.  He does a nice consultation for what you are looking for.  I recommend him highly. I have been to many salons in Madison. Michael is the most skilled stylist I have found.  I have stayed with him for several years. His cuts really hold shape and look good as your hair grows. And as an added bonus you get to see the work of some of the best local artists. "I've been coming here for a long time. The atmostphere is cool. The magazine selection is fantastic. The place has gone downhill a little bit. The stylists used be peppy efficient friendly decent people. Now they all seem to be extremely slow I got what I would consider a decent hair cut for the price and will be back."  they wash your hair AFTER the cut to get rid of cut bits and looks like you would normally look hitting the road..  Add in a hot towel I highly recommend them over any barber  although they did cut my hair fairly nice and the neck shave was swell. It was just too expensive for a generic haircut every 5 weeks or so. My hair grows quick haha. If I wanted to pay this much each time  I think they're doing something right. Take it from someone who's been going to both Athleticuts for the past 10 years. This place is outstanding." Fantastic haircut from Sadie! You really get a great value for the price if your looking for a good haircut with some nice amenities like shampoo and scalp massage!  straight razor and hot towel. I'd look Sefi's Cuts up before chancing it at this haircut chain."  I just don't look like I do.  The experience we had is not what I would expect of a place marketing to families. The guy who cut my sons hair was terribly rude. He was rough on my son's head and then didn't want us watching him finish the haircut after hurting him. That was so creepy. Apparently he is the manager today. The other person working mentioned that he is not great with people.. Kind of a problem. I think he did t want me there because I am female. They had dads back there watching their son's haircuts."  I was completely ignored. Nonetheless I sat and waited for over 20 minutes and the gentlemen before me still waited for the one person cutting hair to finish the person he was working with. I understand this may seem like a small issue but when it's 4pm on a Friday you would think they would staff according. There are plenty of places in the Phoenix area to get a mediocre/simple haircut for a reasonable price. This is by far the last choice for me!!" Under new ownership after a few rocky years (original owner passed away last year).  Very friendly salon with excellent staff. "A friend referred me to Beautyworx a few months ago and I have been going regularly for manicures ever since.  Marie (the owner) has impressed me as an extremely committed and caring person for her customers as well as her staff.  I recently entrusted Chrissy (Marie's daughter) This salon is great! I see Christine and have been going to her for years for my hair and eyebrows. She knows how to make me look good! I moved to Arizona in 2010 and having been going to Christine ever since based on a recommendation from a friend. She is amazing with my hair and she is always on time :) the salon is beautiful and everyone is always so friendly! I would recommend anyone to her!"  asked for ombre and now my hair is black/grey.  thanks christine." "Christine is awesome! She has been doing my hair for years and always looks like perfection! Go see her!! (: Overall Got my hair do there today by Chelsea. She did an excellent job. She is great at color and highlights. Loved the way it turned out. Will be back for sure. Great service!! I've gotten hair extensions here multiple times and I always leave with exactly what I want! This is the place to go!  extensions and I've never once been disappointed. There have been times I wanted to change up my look and Krissy would give me a lot of different ideas and execute them perfectly! The staff is great This salon is very welcoming.  Krissy is an artist when it comes to cut and color.  She's also great to talk to.  I definitely recommend Beauty Worx!  I will see you again."  Cassidy. She gave me the cut I imagined and got my hair looking healthier than it has in a long time. I left feeling so amazing and couldn't stop looking a tmy hair. if you go ask for Cassidy she is AWESOME!!!!"  then stuck me under the hair dryer for 10 minutes for unto soak in. Once she started to cut and style my hair I could tell that she wasn't very experienced "Yep...I agree with the previous...absolutely gotta love them....attentive  She butchered my hair. I left with a Liza Minelli haircut. i merely asked for my hair to be thinned out (very think hair). I mentioned throughout the cut that i though it was going to be too short. The stylist assured me it would be fine because she was cutting from the bottom up. In the end  I know she and Marie keep an all star team of stylists in the salon ready to rock. I've seen many many awesome styles and happy clients leaving the salon!" the salon has a positive family atmosphere and was clean.  Sarah was patience caring and took time to consult with me to get a final result that was exactly what I wanted.  A great haircut and color. As a first time client Id recommend the salon and Sarah.  The receptionist is adorable. I look forward to coming back I love this salon- everyone is super friendly and Krissy consistently does a fantastic job! Wonderful salon. Been going here for over a year and always satisfied. Crystal does my hair and it always looks good. She's busy cuz she's so good but definitely worth it.  Love her!!!   And BeautyWorx also has pedicures and manicures.  Comfortable atmosphere."  but suprisingly I had a great time.  The girls there were very friendly (and attractive) and made me feel comfortable right away.  Prices were fair.  The salon itself is very stylish and clean.  I have found my new home for haircuts." "I am a stickler in how my hair is cut. I called to schedule an appointment for a same day cut on my lunch hour. Patricia was very accommodating to squeeze me in. I arrived a few minutes early and was greeted immediately. My stylist Is it a little pricey? Yes. Are the bedazzled Affliction-style wallets and purses kitschy? Yes. But I just ignore that and trust that my hair will come out looking great." I was very impressed with the service I received and my brows look fantastic! I recommend this salon to anybody!" Amazing!  I have had my hair cut by two different ladies at Sincerely Yours Salon.  They both were great.  I would recommend this salon to anyone.  I take my 11 yr old daughter there as well.  She loves it too! "I go to Sincerely Yours to get my nails done by Erin and I highly recommend her! I started going to her before my wedding a couple years ago and keep going back. I love that I can go and hold a conversation with her and she is reasonably priced to compete with the ""chop-shops"" all over! She doesn't use the drills either! I used to hate feeling like my fingers are on FIRE and with her techniques she's fast and efficient and I leave looking better than I ever did at the other places! If you need a good mani/pedi or acrylic nails done - go check her out!"  I was warmly greeted by the receptionist and she took me to the chair 3 minutes early.  Emily did a fantastic job on my hair and even recommended a new special that is running at the salon. ""You deserve it""  I was happy to have a pedicure and haircut for the price of one at other salons!  Sincerely Yours is great.  There are stylists working there for all ages and genders.  The salon is clean and pleasant "Its an institution in Moon Valley.  The owner tries to be sure every guest is attended to and feels welcome.  There has been some turn over in clientele lately I recently moved to the area and was really nervous to have to find a new salon after 4 years at my previous one and so my choice has a lot to live up to and Sincerely Yours did that and beyond!! Everyone is warm and friendly. Dara listened to me and knew exactly what I wanted and gave me just that!! They even let me leave Avon books to help boost my business in my new surroundings!! "The ladies at SY are all amazing! Taylor greets you with a infectious smile as soon as you walk in the door and is always professional when I call to make an appointment. Ashley is the ROCK STAR of hair Sincerely Yours Salon is the only place I have ever gotten my haircut my whole life. The owner Patricia is amazing and my current stylist Emily is fantastic! I always get a great haircut and love the atmosphere of the salon! My haircut comes out perfect every time and I would recommend Emily and the entire salon to anyone looking for a great haircut!  I paid about 45.00 but at least I don't have to go somewhere twice to have my hair fixed. It's done right the first time. Oh and she gave me a free hair mask. So nice! Ahhh *stress seems to disappear in the hairdressers chair." If you're looking for a great salon in the area Nails: I had given this salon five stars for nails too but my favorite nail lady quit for family reasons and now and I'm going to be trying out a new one. I'll let you know how it goes by updating my review then."  cute and exactly what I wanted and needed.  I love how she listens to me but still gives her suggestion of what will work best for me.  Thanks  as usual.  Their ""I DESERVE IT"" deal for May/June includes manis or pedis.  Check it out!"  listens to what I want and I am always happy with my results. I typically get a partial and a cut with layers.  Everyone is friendly and their hours are accommodating by being open late a few nights of the week."  I was very disappointed and no one else could take me.  Since I already made arrangements for my kids I had to run over to Salon Bvd and one of their stylists stayed late to take me.  Thank God!  My fault for not checking my voice mail "Sometimes things happen for a reason. I loved my stylist but was secretly coveting the manager of Sincerely Yours expertise.  I watched her in the mirror knowing she was top of the line but I did like my girl.  Well Just got a great cut and style from Joseph George (Joey).. He's the best in town give him a try if you are in the area.... appointment line  602-705-1882 Just wanted to say Thank You to stylist Tonia who literally saved the day by fixing the botched color job another salon had left me with yesterday. I didn't really know what to do this morning or where to turn as I was so used to the comfort of my previous salon & stylist and then the absolute worst happened!   I took a chance on this salon that I have walked passed for YEARS on my way to Target...the girls were extremely welcoming and Tonia was able to squeeze me in that afternoon (I would like to think she was as horrified by my color job as I was and didn't want to frighten the public any longer than necessary by having me roam the streets).  At any rate she was amazing and I really really appreciate the time & effort from her and her team.   Highly reccommend! "I almost never write reviews on Yelp but I wanted to write one after my recent visit here because it was so positive.  I had Ashley Goldstein as my stylist and she did an amazing job. Since Ashley has cut my hair I will be a repeat customer!" Do yourself a favor.  Go here.  It's great.  Not pretentious just awesome cuts and color."  thick and unruly hair and don't trust many people to touch it. Then I found Tonia at Sincerely Yours. For the first time I didn't feel scared! She took the time to listen and made suggestions to make my idea even better. She pays close attention to detail and makes sure everything is in place before I leave her chair. Ladies if you're looking for an amazing and talented stylist then Tonia is your girl! She's extremely talented and it shows This is a smaller place but all the people here are very friendly n experience..." If you're looking for someone new Love this place! Tonia is awesome! My hair always looks so so good! Great place with a great staff! Highly recommend! Love this place!!! Everyone was so friendly and very detailed. I had my eyebrows done and she was very precise and just a gem to talk to! Definitely going there again.  the girl was friendly until I mentioned that I had skin allergies and needed to bring my own product.  She immediately told me that was not acceptable because they couldn't guarantee their work if I didn't use their product.  All I was asking for was a hair cut.  How does shampoo affect the stylists ability to cut hair?  I have never had someone be so rude and dismissive." Would give this joke of a salon 0 stars if at all possible.  Stylist quoted me a price that magically doubled when finally arriving at the Salon.  The stylist was 30 min late to the appointment we made over the phone.  Called and spoke to the manager who showed no interest or concern in my disappointment.  She spoke in a condescending rude tone.  Avoid this place like the plague.  and very enjoyable to just have around while getting your hair cut! With that added everyone in this place is quite amazing so far! Krystal is just my go to girl! Ask for her and enjoy! :)"  and ALL the stylist inside are very friendly and helpful. Normally ive been very nervous in the past with getting my haircut professionally since i have a birthmark on the right side of my head Wanted to surprise my mom with a mini makeover for her birthday....I live in pa & she lives in Phoenix. The salon went over the top for her. My mom not only got a fantastic color & cut but they even got her a cake!!! Danielle is amazing & when I came to town I got my hair done too! The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable. Danielle is the bomb!!!!  and my hair! My hair is AH. MAZE. ING. I've been complimented so many times this week. I will for sure be back." Brad is the best. He does  both of my sons hair. We won't go anywhere else. Love it! "Overall good experience when it comes to customer service & a friendly environment. Not so good when it comes to execution of a quality haircut. Went in looking for something pretty basic Kaitlin is the girl for you if you are looking for fun new hair colors!  I went to her 2 weeks ago and she helped me pick new violet and purple.  I absolutely LOVE IT! Danielle was wonderful. She listened to what I wanted and did a great job with my hair.  and I'm so glad I did!!  Danielle cut and colored my hair and I look and feel much better!! Danielle is a sweety for fitting me in like she did.  I found the whole vibe of the salon to be upbeat and friendly. Will definitely go back for both nail and hair services." I tried this salon based on the yelp reviews and I'm so glad that I did! Danielle gave me a fantastic haircut and fixed my layers. Can't wait to see her again! Danielle is truly amazing...a great stylist and person!"   secretly wishing I could change.   And it was as if my styling  god heard  (or maybe it was the owner Patricia) but the one girl left  and I started with this amazing  creator of coifs and hues.   There's nothing better than having people stop you in the grocery store to ask where you get your hair  done  or having your friends tell you they  LOVE the new color.   This is a full service salon in every sense of the word.  Hair "I just moved to PHX from NYC and I was so happy I found this salon. Marina's service was outstanding. I got a full body wax  pedicures and waxing is the best.  She makes you always feel comfortable and relaxed.  As a male client it is important that I feel that way and she is absolutely wonderful." This is my first Yelp review and generally I'm not so easily upset but this experience was just plain bad." I just moved here and was really afraid to go anywhere to get my hair done since I've had several people mess it up in the past. I went here and was very satisfied with the highlight and cut that I received definitely would recommend this salon. "Need a Manicure? Pedicure? Wax or thread? Run as fast as your crusty feet will take you to this salon and let the fabulous Marina pamper you.  First the important stuff: she autoclaves all her instruments I go here for waxing. Marina is awesome!  I have been her client for years and she is an expert at her job. She does wonderful threading as well. I have recommended her to others as well! Went to Sincerely your hair salon Dec 20th...color already coming out. KRYSTAL checked my hair and her customer satisfaction was for me to recolor and longer process. I paid $137 plus tip. she thinks I should pay again. DO NOT GO THERE...I give it ZERO STARS...I guess YELP won't let you do ZERO...so I have to give it a 1  down to earth and makes you feel very comfortable. I hate going to salons and you feel like you aren't cool enough to be there. Lol." I was looking for a new salon closer to my house and found this gem of a salon. After coloring my hair myself and no haircuts for almost 8 month my hair was in need of some TLC. I called and explained my hair situation and they recommended Kaitlyn to help fix my color issuse. She was great! Super knowledgeable and friendly which made for a great experience. She evened out the color on my roots and added some beautiful natural looking highlights on the lower part of my hair. Along with a fabulous and much needed cut I left the salon satisfied and excited for my next appointment. I will definitely be back to this great salon and colorist extraordinaire Kaitlyn!! If your looking for a salon in North Phoenix I would highly recommend Sincerely Yours Salon!!!  and she spent FIVE hours doing a funky color on my hair. I was nervous about going out of my comfort zone  and it turned out beautifully. I would recommend this salon to anyone who is looking for a new one. Thank you Jennifer for the new hair Danielle is fantastic. She's been cutting my hair since last Autumn and I had long hair.she would mostly trim and shape it up. I went in this past weekend and cut it all off (middle of my back in length). It is now super short and looks AMAZING! I showed her one picture of what I was thinking of and she adapted it to work withy face shape and hair type. Love her! Danielle did an amazing job! I walked in with chopped hair and she was able to fix it by cutting my hair in a super cute pixie cut :) she is an awesome stylist and she really got my idea of the haircut :) Ashley is amazing!  I love my color!  I used to get my hair done here about 2 years ago and now I'm back but with a different stylist.  Ashley listened to exactly what I wanted about color and cut! I had a fabulous experience and already made my next appointment! "I'd been going to the same stylist for years and decided it was time for a change.  Read Yelp reviews and also chose Sincerely Yours based on location.  I was nervous since I was using a different stylist and going from mid-length hair to a pixieish cut.  Ashley was great!  I haven't had a day when I regretted going short again and she did a very professional job.  What I really appreciate is her dedication to making sure you're happy and checking with you throughout the cut to make sure you're satisfied.  It's a no frills salon Deven is my girl! She has done my hair twice now and both times she did a great job. Honestly I don't think the pictures do the color justice. She is up front about what she can and will do and the results are perfect. I've had a great experience here and will continue to come back! Called them on a whim and Ashley got me right in. I will definitely go back. Very nice staff and love my color! Definitely worth trying.  really stuck!  I called Deven for help.  As much as she tried the only way to get it out was to cut my hair!!  As it turns out that was the best decision.  My hair looks awesome and  I'm getting so many compliments!  Deven is the best!"  who got me into see her right away! I can't say enough wonderful things about Deven! She took a lot of time educating me on how to keep my hair healthy and how to style it. Most importantly she made me feel amazing from the moment I sat in her chair  can't wait to come back!!!" I highly recommend Deven at 'Sincerely Yours Salon - Hair!'  for men and women.   You will not be disappointed."  I wasn't particularly super impressed with hair. I wanted highlights but somehow got talked into getting ombre done instead-it turned out ok but not really what I asked for originally. Hair cut was also meh. I hate when hair dressers talk you into what they think would look best. I think I'll keep looking for a salon in the area to become a regular to." Went in for a trim and thin. Paid $50 a little too expensive for my taste. Customer service good and Krytal did a good job. Based on the average cut i could have gotten else where i will not go back to get eipped off for an average trim I go to Ashley anytime I need my hair done. She does exactly what I want every time I walk out feeling like a movie star! Everyone is very nice and makes you feel comfortable. Their prices are amazing for the quality that you get. I will never go anywhere else! Ashley is amazing!!!! I rely on Yelp! A lot.  Thank you Yelp for your guidance "I haven't had a haircut or color done in about 2 years . I was searching around the valley for a professional salon and ""sincerely yours"" caught my eye. I had called and the phone staff was extremely helpful and kind to get me in as soon as possible . The atmosphere is welcoming and Ashley was amazing in the services she provided to me . She spoiled and pampered me. She also gave me the blow dry of my life!! I will definitely be returning and will recommend to many others!! Thank you !!"  continuing with her meticulous nature.  At the end of the appointment my hair color was beautiful and my cut even and done very well.  Jennifer has been doing hair for three years and you can tell she loves it.  I think she has a great career ahead of her and I would definitely recommend this salon to anyone  and exceeded my expectations. I love my haircut/color and I will definitely be back!! Thank you :)" The results are astounding! Ashley was absolutely amazing and gave me a complete makeover! This is the best I have felt about myself in months! Not only was she friendly "My hair stylist was Lindsey and she was amazing!!!! She did an amazing job and made my hair feel so smooth  she is Fantastic!!! I am so happy Yelp led me to this place.  Anyone who needs a new stylist should ask for Ashley.  She really takes time to listen and knows just what to do. The salon is well run and the owner very nice Danielle is a genius!  I have really thick hair with lots of difficult gray. She persevered and my hair looks great. Thanks Danielle! She takes her time to make sure it's done right and is very thorough in her work.  Whatever it is you're looking for  and always does a great job. Give her a call. You won't be disappointed. She also does European threading and full body wax. 623-326-8328" She not only made my hair look amazing she was super friendly and really made me enjoy my visit! She asked me what I wanted. I showed her what I was looking for with some pictures. She told me the process of what she would have to do and in the end she nailed it! She knows what she is doing. I will definitely be going to her again!" "I have been going to Marina for 8 years now and I will not trust anyone else with my eyebrow threading. I wait all year just to get her to do them. She is amazing and can accommodate any need. She does pedicures Give her a try and you will not be sorry!!"   she is does great work and you will not be disappointed.   Make an appointment and be prepared to be pampered.   623 326-8328." "This review is for Ashley.  My granddaughter texted me delightedly this morning that she had gone to this salon for an appointment with Ashley for color and a haircut.  Her last ones had been done in California and were incredible.  ASHLEY HAS INCREDIBLE SKILLS AS A STYLIST Well I have been coming to Sincerely Yours Hair Salon for about a year on and off. I heard about it from an old classmate who actually works there. I had mentioned how bad my hair was because I had a friend try to get myself to a nice blonde. Let's just say it didn't look well. Ashley was amazing and fixed what my friend had messed up. This had been a while ago. She took the brassy/yellow hot mess and turned a nice honey blonde. I went with honey blonde since then. She's always so kind and actually keeps me coming back. I enjoy the small talk and any information on hair products I can get. I'd continue coming back to her from now on. I really wish I had photos from the first day. I was so happy my hair looked so nice.  my hair is healthy and beautiful and I get compliments constantly about how awesome it looks . She knows what she is doing and is very honest . She has a great personality (most of the girls I have met there do) and she is fun. I love getting my hair done by her she is the best ."  I wanted a trim so hair can grow but even that wasn't done right she got cut happy too. She showed me how much she was cutting off and again all ok but then she kept cutting when I reminded her I want very very little off so can grow she acknowledged with her mouth but not her scissors. Should never have asked for the cut. So I paid a small fortune for something that would have come out better with box dye "Let me just start with I don't trust very many people to do my hair. So I usually cut my own bangs and color my own hair. I had heard about Deven from a friend. So I decided to make an appointment with Deven. I went in wanting to get my hair colored and cut. She was very up front and didn't try to make you think she could do something knowing it probably wouldn't happen. My hair was black from box color. I wanted to get balayage on a red base. But because my hair was black we used that as a base and she lightened as much as it would go. Then she cut it. An I asked for bangs and I love my bangs thick. An everyone else who has done it has always messed them up. An OMG was she amazing at getting my bangs EXCATLY how I wanted them. I will never go to another hair salon to get my hair done. Nor will I ever have anyone else cut or color it. Deven will be my go to hair stylist. She was amazing  thus needed regularly) and look forward to seeing Kaitlyn. :-)" Kelley gave me a pedicure this week! It was by far the best pedicure I've ever had. Along with the best services she provides she also kept me entertained the entire time I was with her. I highly recommend you go see Kelley when you are in need of a manicure or pedicure.  who thought she was pretty rad too." Ashley is fantastic! She always listens to what I want and I am very picky about my bangs. She's even doing my hair for my wedding in a few weeks and the trial we did turned out GORGEOUS. Reasonably priced too. "I had a wonderful experience.  Stephanie gave me an incredible hair cut and style.  It's exactly what I wanted.  Now I can go on my trip to Hawaii feeling great!!  Thank you Stephanie Lyndsey was amazing! My boyfriend and I came in today and we both look fantastic! We both can't wait to come back. Marina is amazing!! She threads my eyebrows for me and she does all of my waxing. She does an amazing job and I highly recommend her.  pedicure and manicures - call her at (623)3268328. The best thing - she uses hot towels during her services :) - You will not be disappointed!!!"  she was fast and painless she also does nails and wow. I am so picky and she always does an amazing job! Thank you marina "Went here for a color correction with Kaitlyn and had an amazing experience! She clearly knows what she is doing. I had previously been through four bleach processes and then some vivids after some old box color and it was just not working out. Somehow she was able to blend everything perfectly into a SUPER natural redhead look and now I'm a happy ginger! I felt very comfortable because she gave me honest  the fact that I have curly hair and what's been done to for my color (Red bayalage). We did a cut and color touch up.  She was amazing!!!! I am definitely coming back to her again!!"  spend a little time and money fixing the way we feel at that ""moment of truth."" https://behindthechair.com/displayarticle.aspx?ID=1144 You'll be glad you did" "If you want feet like a newborn Marina is you gal! She takes her time and is gentle but very thorough and attentive to those ""trouble spots."" (And you know you've got them.) Make an appointment with her directly at 623 326 8328." I've been seeing Ashley for over a year now and she is amazing. I have never been disappointed. She does a great haircut and color every time ! I also expressed to her my desire to master the ""beach wave"" look with a flat iron. Stephanie went step by step with me and taught me how to use a flat iron to create beachy waves on my new 'do  and I have received numerous compliments on the color. I do just wish she would have gone with our original plan and not change up the idea last minute and not consult me first." "I had a great experience here. I called 9:30 am to set up an appointment at 10. I was graciuously accomodated. Lindsey greeted me warmly as I entered the salon. She was very courteous and caring throughout the tedious process of coloring my thick hair. In the end 