 and doesn't have the honesty to meet the basic service warranty." The cleaning was average at best and the hassle and renegotiation makes it a no-brainer to avoid this company." Update: Filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau on 6/5/13... to date the company has not cared enough to respond.   Make sure you think twice. G_BJabq5HDoDLZe77a-ULA "This is a scam. I purchased this from Groupon and called them up. Told them the requirements clearly. Day of appointments their ""truck breaks down "". The next day they turn up half an hour late. Then they say oh we thought you wanted carpet cleaning. We haven't brought the equipments for your laminated floor cleaning. I said thank you very much please leave after talking to their boss on phone. Do not buy this Groupon !!"  but they did do a fantastic job! If not in a hurry I would use them again." Bought the groupon which is only for the labor. I was upsold on the chemicals. They showed up late and made me wait. The cleaning part was done well. There van broke down in my driveway.  and explained everything in specific detail. They didn't make me feel stupid nor discounted my ignorance. They are every bit as good as the leading companies and at 2/3 the cost. I highly recommend this company and feel people on here are very uniformed and do not have realistic expectations. I do not work for Zee Best Carpet  and affordable and I would recommend them to anyone and will most likely hire them again in the future." and a vacuum. After he left I went upstairs only to have my socks turn black w the dirty water that the machine left behind. Had to spray w half bottle of febreeze just to take away musty smell. Coulda rented a Rug Dr for half the price and same results."  very professional. A little up selling but that comes with the territory. I'll definitely use them again." Nothing like bringing your girl friend on the job and not honoring the price of the Groupon.  SMH  Lesson learned always check the reviews before you buy the Groupon.  he went the extra mile! The stripping and polishing of the slate got my flooring looking better than it has ever been. Neighbors and family expressed how noticeably shiny the floors are and will be calling zee best for work on their floors. The cost beat any other quote in town Booked on groupon for a reasonable price.  Tech was on time and courteous. I had to pay extra for pet stain treatment but that was disclosed to me and it worked so I am happy with the service. I would use them again.  they called 25 minutes after the appt time to say they couldn't make it due to their truck breaking down. I was not happy so they said they could come the next morning at 10. They did not show up so I called the Company number and they said they couldn't get a hold of the guy either. I have already emailed Groupon to get a refund."  so he did not have to come out and clean my carpets. Then he hung up on me. Please save yourself the grief and go somewhere else." 