Ran around the store looking for those few items that I needed to satisfy my need to build and create.  Minimal help from the small quantities of employees I am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence.  What was originally an average Lowe's has turned into Lowe's Hell.  If the associates do not have basic logic comprehension Can't really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lanes it's a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with a single associate." "This local Lowe's serves its purpose for my husband and me -- a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two. I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store. I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe's stores "Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it  I called our salesman (David Crane). He was surprised that I had not heard from the installer. He told me he would send a message to the installation dept about calling us.Today it's July 8th and we STILL have not heard a peep from anyone at Lowes. Our total order that we planned on spending at Lowe's was around $1700.00 !! I called today and asked to talk to a store Manager. I told him that we have not heard from anyone at Lowe's and that we are not going to proceed with our order. I told him we would like our $35.00 back. He said OK  I cannot remember his name. (Bad customer on my part.) Thank you!!!"   who doesn't grab the wrong part?  Their garden section is great for Spring planting.  They have competatively priced appliances.  5% off with Lowe's credit card is also nice.  Having those large items delivered is a convenience. Their best asset is the expertise of the staff.  I frequently change mind on an original concept based on their input.   Highly recommended" I went into Lowes for a few items--one being a dehumidifier.  I asked 2 different employees to assist--they were rude and told me to read the box.  Being 8 months pregnant I couldn't lift the box into the cart and they didn't much care.  Finally after asking another 3 employees--I found one to help. So much rudeness --checking out and trying to find other items. Clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here.  just explaining my 3 star review :) The DampRid was sold in a 2 pack for under $6. I left satisfied." I would DEFINITELY recommend Martin Glass to anyone!!!!" I love these guys.  I needed some glass replaced in one of my windows in a hurry because we were selling our house and closing within the week.  I contacted Martin Glass with my emergency because I couldn't get the window out easily enough to take it to them.  By that afternoon it was all fixed!  This was a huge relief and they were super helpful and friendly during the process.  picture frame glass or any other relevant projects. Such great people and great friendly service! A locally owned and operated business. That's a privilege to have in the neighborhood in this day and age! Highly recommended." GO Sherwin Williams!  Don't waste your time at Dunn-Edwards.  Their customer service is at best spotty and uninformed...at worst  I found the paint was the wrong color. They made no attempt to help in the suituation. I basically spent triple the amount of money on this paint only to have them point fingers at the carpenter. I'll go elsewhere next time and so should my carpenter." I was told I'd be waiting 45 minutes for my paint this morning. It arrived in 15."  they got it wrong. Had to go back again today and have them remake it. Waited over an hour to get one gallon of paint mixed. I like the quality of the paint I just left the paint store and I'm literally still sitting in the parking lot because I'm so P-o'd . I went in there with a chip of paint and told them I needed a paint match. The guy said they could do it and I expressed to them that it had a hint of purple in the paint at my home I just picked up the paint and it is not even close to being the same color he would not help me out. Basically told me I was S out of luck. I will never go back there again the guy was a complete arrogant you know what. Now I have a paint color that doesn't match anything in my home and I cannot use it. Reading through the reviews I see that the same problem has occurred to other people. I would go anywhere but here from now on and I used to go there quite a bit. I wish there was an option to get zero stars but the guy that help me this morning was nice. Very unfortunate customer service.  Apparently it is not their policy to accept returns on unopened paint.  This was not a custom mix either.  So now we have a $50.00 can of unused paint.  Crummy. Super friendly store & excellent service. Kimberly was so nice to work with. Pleasant & made good recommendations. Patient team & timely turnaround. Would absolutely come back!!  I paid and a few minutes later I was out of there with my paint. Very impressed with their quick and courtesy service." Everyone is so friendly here! Can't say the same of the lady who works at Bell and 35th. Everyone at this location was kind and helpful.  bought the rig and we're on my way. My man went to Dunn Edwards because they opened at 8. At 9:05 (Sherwin Williams opens at 9) we have our rig and ready to go at Sherwin." 