Not Amex friendly but they do take visa / mc."  I had to keep the imperfect one.  When I tried to point out that three other men had been in the room the same time I was and could have also moved the hats I was extremely pleased with my purchase and will return soon.  The only reason I rated Heritage Hat with 4 stars is because of the lack of women's styles.  I'm not an expert on hats  I have a really small head - a peanut head as my hubby refers to it! So I need to try hats on! I found Heritage hats - I walked it - told the owner what I wanted i was looking for a boom - I was in love (with the hat that is). He fitted it to me - did something cool to the brim - sprayed it - and I was gone outta there and am planning on rockin' my hat at a polo match next weekend in Santa Barbara! The only thing I would add would be for 100.00 hat; I would love to have it come in a hat box! :) This store is super low key - nothing fancy - but the had what I wanted and he was super nice!" "Wow!  What a great shop!  I've searched all over Phoenix & Arizona for a particular cowboy hat.  None of the ""big"" stores "Rich is bery helpful and has so many different hats anyone can find one. Friendly and inviting  that's a pretty tall order. It should really be 4.5 stars. Unless you have a GIANT melon and you're looking for a hat that went out of style about 100 years ago Outstanding all the way around." k7cHTH24b6Rr7AnOFInHuA  knowledgable and accommodating. He spent an hour with me helping me find the perfect hat. He even went so far as to change the style of the brim in his workshop in the back. You can tell how passionate he is about his work. There is a reason Heritage has been around as long as it has.  I plan on popping in and supporting Rich every time I come through. You should do the same." Great shop good people and they have a great website also. Actually it was four hats my wife ended up getting a hat also." "Rich's shop is by far the best hat shop in Arizona let alone the southwest. If he doesnt have the hat in store chances are he can order it! Fruendly  applied a free stain guard to both hats.  I also appreciated that Rich does not hover around while you are browsing I recently took my grandfather's hat to Heritage to have it cleaned.  My grandfather passed on nearly 25 years ago and he wore this tweed hat everyday in the winter in Chicago.  The hat was very old and very dirty and I was nervous about having it cleaned. Heritage cleaned it up very well and it looks great.  I plan to hang it on the wall in my office. I'm willing to bet this is one of the best hat cleaning shops in the country.  Take your hats here for cleaning and shop around for something new too.  You won't be disappointed. I stopped in today and bought a Panama from Rich. What a great hat shop. Awesome selection! I almost bought one off the Internet and changed my mind when I found this shop. No more guessing and being disappointed when the hat arrives. You can go to a real hat shop and try on the perfect hat. I drove 30 miles to shop here and it was worth it. I will be going back and I advise anyone that is looking for the right hat to stop wasting time and get your a $$ over to see Rich and start enjoying your new hat. Over and out! "We drove up from Tucson to get a hat for my husband's birthday!  Incredible selection "The only hat shop in town if you're looking for a fedora  nor a selection like this. The operator/owner was super helpful. When I need a hat for the horse races Such a great store! I've been looking for a flat cap and the only place I knew to get them was online until I found this gem of a store! Everything in the west valley is just western and sports caps so i was pleasantly surprised to find Heritage Hats; Everything from flat caps and fedoras to bowlers and western hats! They are also reasonably priced. I'll definitely be coming back when I need another hat! Went there today for a nice hat for my dad. Ended up leaving with three! Great service and assistance with picking out the selections. So MANY selections!! My new straw Panama hat was caught by a gust of wind and it landed in the road and a car ran over it.  Everybody said to go to Heritage so I did.  The guy was rude and said you can't steam a straw hat.  I though this was odd since half my western hats are straw and I get them fitted when buy them back in California.  They always use steam there.  I told him I didn't expect miracles could he try and he refused.  So I went back to the motel and borrowed a steam iron and it looks great. "Rich is an amazing guy and an Arizona institution! The hats and selection are the best in Phoenix. Only place a man Visited Heritage Hats yesterday and picked up a Panama hat that I am obsessed with. Was very pleased with the selection and the service I received. I will definitely be back again!  but he went out of his way! He told us places to visit and things to see! Definitely recommend if you're looking for a hat!" "So when you're expected to show up for a party with a 1920s theme you need to buy that perfect hat.... to go with the pinstripe suit.... which led me to this place and Oh Em Triple Gee.... it doesn't get better than this.... billions of hats of all types and styles .....who knew they've been here for over 30 years.... and I used to live just up the street from them..... the owner is great and friendly. I even got to meet his dogs  shop here first! Stopped in this morning after shopping several other places across the southwest... None had my size or even offered to help me find exactly what I was looking for. Not only did this shop have just about every style and color of hats I try not to go too many times a year because I always buy more than one hat when go there ... So many cool hats to choose from!" Really enjoyed my experience at Heritage Hats. Great customer service and nice owner. Great selection for my hard to fit head. Would definitely return   like being a kid in a candy store. So many beautiful hats to choose from. Rich was extremely helpful in assisting me to find the right hats and right fit. I would highly recommend any hat connoisseur who is looking for quality stylish hats to go here. Both outstanding service and product. Doesn't get better then that! No matter where I'm at in the world  "I went in to browse and left with a stylish fedora.  In a store with a large selection of hats This place is awesome! They have every possible style of hat you can imagine. Customer service was the best. I browsed around for a while without being nagged every other minute and when I had a question his knowledge on what I was looking for was very helpful. I left completely satisfied with my purchase and even when the hat didn't feel to fit right I took it back and without any hesitation or questions he switched out the size for me. Awesome place!!! k7cHTH24b6Rr7AnOFInHuA We got a Panama hat for the hubs for extra sun protection. Looks great and he is very happy with it."  I figured this was the wrong place to find a driving cap. Far from the truth! Found a great cap. Rich was a great guy with fantastic customer service. Look forward to my next visit!" If a cowboy hat is on your agenda this somewhat out of the way destination was well worth the trip.  The owner was engaging and helpful and my wife is thrilled with her new Lonesome Dove model.  Thanks Rich. k7cHTH24b6Rr7AnOFInHuA 