 but we have only tried the Spam musubi and the Crab ""Langoons"". We really like the BBQ chicken and especially the chicken katsu (breaded chicken cutlets cut into strips- dip into the fabulous zingy katsu sauce). They also have soups I love the fact that their more popular meals are available in ""mini-meal"" versions that give you just the right amount of food."  another is the Hamburger Steak. Well you get the idea. I have never had a bad meal here. The plate lunches come with Rice and Macaroni Salad and Veggies. The Macaroni Salad is yummy too. They also have mini meals mahalo to whatever lolo brought this grub out to all the haoles in phx!" The BIL swears this is the best plate lunch he has found off the island and goes to his happy place with each visit. If you are looking for a different kind of barbeque  i rather go the exrta miles to head up to Happy Valley to L&L. Chicken Katsu is what we order but other than that if you want good hawaiian food y-uHaMLLWQydSyWJawLIUw  but most of the other dishes have meat that is fatty and greasy. One awesome thing is that they have small meals. I don't need 2 lbs of food One cool thing about this place was that the Phoenix Fire Department eats here.... so hot! Too bad I was busy stuffing my face with Spam and eggs. That was probably not hot." Went for lunch and got the mini-meal... Loved it!  Just enough food and tasty too!  Love the BBQ chicken!!! ill be coming back !!" I'll be coming back here to fulfill my bbq cravings."  it was very similar. I'm a fan for sure. I love Hawaiian food!"  as the overwhelming smell of sewage forced me to leave before I could order. We instead went next door to ""On the Grill"""  optional Asian salad) but the mac salad has remained the same. There isn't much to choose from for the non-meat eater. The fried shrimp is too oily for my taste." Other items on the menu to take note of would be the Moco Loco and Spam Moco which are also common foods amongst the locals in Hawaii.  If you seek a quick place for some Hawaiian type comfort food this restaurant is pretty good.  With generous portions and plenty of seating The restaurant is bigger  here but the place isn't kept as cool as it needs to be to dine in comfort on a hot day.  Then there's an awful overpowering smell of water damaged ceilings/walls that just made me think this location wasn't clean." My favorite is the chicken katsu. Just like back home with one scoop rice and authentic mac salad. The cooks and servers are always friendly and the food only takes as long to be made to order. Great portions alway have one order for lunch and dinner.  I just wish they would get kim chi." "Please do not eat here and expect to get a real ""plate lunch"" like in Hawaii. The food is pretty good for a fast rice bowl type of restaurant. You get quite a bit of food for the money and it seems to be pretty fresh. The flavors are still lacking though...plus their macaroni salad isn't like in Hawaii...and it has way too much mayo. Overall  but I don't think it's enough to get me back.  Maybe if the price dropped a buck or two." I like it!  And it turns out it is right down the street from my house!"  but I have never liked any type of macaroni salad at all!  Their sauce that goes on the chicken is pretty good.  The price is decent and you get a good amount of food.  Whenever I get a combo I always have leftovers and I have it for the next day or for dinner.  This place is good for a quick bite!" Reasonable price and delicious food." Did a late dinner run last night just before closing. Been to several of this chains locations in California which means I generally like the Hawaiian food fixes that they serve up. Ordered kalbi ribs and they gave me the ribs but no meat attached!  When I questioned them about it they acted offended however the manager finally came by and provided me with a few more bones. Rice was dry and hard from sitting for awhile. Definitely not Ono! "We first went to the Avondale location many years ago and the food was great. I worked on 16th Street & Indian School at the time so the Thomas location made sense to stop in for dinner after work. We have also dined at the Scottsdale location & all three are great!!  The food is always fresh  comes on a bed of cabbage and a scoop of rice and macaroni salad.  A great spot for an asian type lunch with big portions and quick service."  definitely go for the smaller plate option.  My eyes tend to be larger than my stomach and I can never finish the full-sized katsu plate spam 2/5 just not too good and I do like spam."  but good thing about plate lunch is it is just as good when you get it home as when it was put in the box.  Writing this made me Ono for Ono y-uHaMLLWQydSyWJawLIUw for fast hawaiian food this is goood! I'm in love with the beef ribs ( don't remember proper name) I just wish more came with it! my boyfriend loves the bbq chicken huge portains! macaroni salad is goood! a great place for some hawaiian taste! hang loose brah'  ;) I love their kalua pork and the macaroni salad. I am a big fan of this place and I will definitely keep coming back here! BBQ mix is great and is a lot of food  not very fresh and the meat was very poor quality and fatty. I got the curry chicken and the BF got the bbq beef. They were pretty meh. I also have tried the veggie noodle soup which was probably the best thing I have had here. It was not 'good' but it was better for sure. I probably wouldn't go back." Overpriced Hawaiian food "I haven't run across authentic Hawaiian food in the Valley until coming to Ono Hawaiian BBQ.  Unlike most Hawaiian BBQ places that give you a ton of food  then I saw the portions. We ordered the Chicken Katsu meal and the Short ribs meal and it was enormous! The chicken was so crispy and went very well with the mountain of macaroni salad and rice (not to mention a bunch of katsu sauce). The short ribs were also delicious! They gave a generous amount and the marinade they used was perfect. We had so much left over I had it for another meal! I had recently gone to an expensive Korean BBQ restaurant that had ""premium Angus short ribs"" and I wish I had just gone to Ono instead! Haven't tried their spam musubi but I plan to in the near future!" I can't wait to try their Spam musubi... Aloha Ono Hawaiian BBQ Overall it was and ok experience!" "I like to pop in here for a quick lunch with my husband sometimes. I always get the BBQ Chicken and Katsu combo. Pretty good! The macaroni salad... honestly they should seriously consider packaging that stuff and just selling it by the pint. Id buy it! The only reason I wouldnt rate this place any higher is the services is always mediocre. They often dont have the side stuff stocked (forks The seafood Mix is my go to but pretty much all the combos are good. The spam masubi is a must and the macaroni is my favorite part of each combo."  though. The order clerks were not very friendly. It was like pulling teeth to ask them any questions about the menu or to request extra condiments." Great food I love the BBQ chicken & chicken katsu combo. I just don't recommend if in a rush the wait can be upto thirty minutes sometimes that's the only bummer I know of.  nothing too exciting though. The soda machine was not dispensing right- they needed to add the syrup. I got tea instead because I didn't feel like waiting for the counter girl to fix it and there were other people in line. The restaurant was pretty dirty. The place definitely could use a good deep clean..." Always a good place to eat....always reminds me of back home in tje South Bay.....love the Mac salad.....Yummy!!! Al the meat is juicy n tender.....just love it......I add some Sriracha and it takes it to a differnt level....just outstanding! !! One thing I didnt like I didnt see my Kalib ribs...no bueno.  they do such a great business nothing has time to get old. It is worth the time to check this place out Their portions are very generous  f all their food was very flavorful even before adding their sauces. Their cabbage which is a filler was not seasoned . We do like the sauces also their chicken was chopped into very small pieces maybe over cooked Maybe you should check your order before you leave. I'm sure this was a fluke and hopefully will be fixed soon Be sure to try classics like Kalua pork and the Musubi's. And remember that no Hawaiian meal is complete without the macaroni salad and scope of rice."  but it was not terrible. The marinade on the BBQ chicken was decent but quality of chicken wasn't impressive. It came with rice and macaroni salad (which was good but again nothing special). Overall a decent meal for a cheap price but nothing that stood out."  mac salad is hot (it was a 5 minute drive).  The spam musubi tasted weird not like the stuff you get from 7-11 on the Big Island.  Sorry  & sweet Hawaiian rice. There food is cooked to order so if you're in a hurry you can call ahead" "Best macaroni salad I've ever had and love the cooked cabbage.  I've been here twice now and have had the BBQ beef and chicken.  Love the sauce and flavor.  You get a lot of food for the money.  Meat is a little fatty It's been my go to for the last few days. As a classically trained chef that says a lot!!! ENJOY AND GRATITUDE!!  she said the what sauce? We don't put any sauce on any of our food. Well I said I guess I'll eat elsewhere cause I came to eat hawaiian food and this wasn't. What looked like the mgr standing there looking at us never gave me an explanation of any kind. This is Ono hawaiian bbb and is not anything like hawaiian food."  or find a small mom and pop shop like Aloha Kitchen in the east valley." Rating just based on the first 5 secs I came in.. the girl at the counter just looked at us.. didn't greet us or even say if she can take my order.. she just stood there looking at me.. and after ordering she didn't even say thank you... Or anything Worst customer service ever.. first and last time here.  not bad for fast food restaurant." "The food is really delicious here and definitely is made fresh to order. My favorite dish is the barbecue chicken over cabbage white rice and scoops of macaroni salad  though they skimp a little on the rice. Based on my friends' advice (they're regulars) I would recommend you order the plate which comes with barbecue and katsu."  or perhaps it's because the girl at the counter doesn't know how to crack a smile and seems disinterested in creating a pleasant customer experience. Don't waste your time or money."  but I don't mind about it. I dislike the employees there. They are so rude.They can be really cheap with the meats "food here is amazing and priced just right.  if you are looking for great BBQ to go or dine in The food was good. We didn't have to wait long. We chose to dine-in but our food was still served in a plastic take-out container. Real plates and silverware would have been nice. The bathrooms were filthy and the floor sticky and wet.  and the food came out surprisingly fast. The best part of lunch was the Guava Nectar Visit the much better Hawaiian options in Phoenix! ""cough Paradise cough""" I was not super impressed. I got the curry dish and the curry was more like a gravy with no flavor. I am also not a huge fan of dark chicken meat. It was OK and I will probably go back to try the seafood but I don't have high hopes.  it was good. Everything was cooked to order so there was a little wait which I didn't mind. Great for lunch."  but the customer service tonight was absolutely terrible. My order was taken correctly but the cook had forgotten to make the extra side of chicken that I had ordered. This would have been fine if it wasn't for the fact that I then had to stand around for another 10 minutes while watching other customers that ordered after me get their food. The icing on the cake was the fact that the server  but really enjoyed my BBQ chicken on this visit. Also liked the choice of regular rice plate or plate with green salad option.  Good portion  and in to-go boxes because they know you might not finish the huge amount of food they provide. My fianc and I were craving Hawaiian bbq and this was the only place open at 7:30pm on a Sunday. I highly recommend this place if you want your island bbq fix."  and their Hawaiian Sun Guava Nectar canned drink. The disappointing thing is that the drink was probably the best part. The kalua pig was mediocre - possibly because I'm used to the homemade kind  you order and after 12 minutes they tell you it's going to be 15 minutes more? And ""we have a lot of tickets""?? Bull Fucking Shit. If I wanted to wait 30 minutes for a fucking meal   I had curry chicken both over sticky rice and salad. Reminds me of plate lunches in the Islands." "Well it is what it is.  A Hawaiian food place trying to get as close as possible to the real thing.  Watery Katsu sauce and Kikkoman soy sauce does not do it any justice.  Take my advice "I give it a three because of the quality of food. I really enjoy it. But the service is absolutely terrible! The girl running the cash register barely spoke and looked super angry plus she was texting on her phone the entire time I was there. In Addition my food took almost 20 minutes! With three people in the restaurant This place has roaches. Not good. Stay away unless you like to dine with creepy little uninvited friends....  but have had the food before at another location. Staff was nice  no sense of urgency getting your food to you. I waited like 7 or 8 min longer than it usually takes. Im never in here more than 4 min and I have my food  sad to say the cabbage was the best part of the meal.  The Mac Salad that people love so much had a fishy taste to me!  Is that normal I wonder?  The beef was borderline gross with the texture and bad flavor!  The boneless chicken thighs weren't exactly horrible Please get some customer service here" Excellent Chicken Katsu! BBQ beef was not nearly as good. My rice was so soggy and mushy. After we ate we felt sick to our stomach. Dont recommend this place. Walked in and walked right back out. It smelled so bad like sweaty mildew. I can't even explain it. It was unbearable and I won't be back. Please get some customer service here...fix it Jesus!"  it's nice to see somewhere that serves proper Mac salad. I'm also fond of the curry-- I believe they do a great job on that."  clean and delicious Hawaiian food... Makes me Hawaii..." This is where we go when we don't have time to cook"  it was a good place to eat but now overall the service & food is not authentic Hawaiian. I would give no stars if I could." I would rate zero stars if I could..." 