 Clif Bars and other power bars and healthy snacks. Reasonably priced Make sure you order your smoothies without their added sugar and you'll save 100+ calories. I haven't tasted it with the Turbinado 00 to step up to a medium.  Prices of other snacks are also a little higher than you might find elsewhere.  This tends to be the going rate  the medium Angel Food is at least $7 bucks but keep the addons low and it wont get too pricey." Service is fast and friendly.  Location is convenient (overstreet mall level of One Wells Fargo)." Between the Smoothie King at the Epicenter 2nd floor & One Wells Fargo Center across from the YMCA. I find these two locations to be much more customer service oriented than others I've visited. When all Smoothie Kings have the same stuff this is why I will go to these two locations. Great service.  They recognize and appreciate repeat business.  Orders are always taken correctly with personalized service.  One of the perks of working uptown! Thank you SK for being so reasonably close this time & I look forward to many more shakes to come & of course the SK app is locked & loaded ." 1 10 08: I just rec'd my Aquasana waterfilter and all of a sudden find myself less and less reliant on Home Economist." But the topper on all of this is the fact that the people here are so helpful.  If you have a question about which herbs and supplements are good for what  I realized I could go back. I haven't made the leap yet  seeds and seasonings as I believe their prices are fair and their presentation is less pretentious than major chains. The staff is always willing to help and I learn helpful things from the other shoppers as I stroll the isles. I like the free lectures they give to educate the community. And I like their book and magazine selection. I am used to a prettier broader selection of products to choose from Prices could be more competitive I have to deduct a start here because the store does get a little crowded-feeling and just has the appearance of being somewhat rundown (like most of its neighboring businesses) which is far below the standard at any of the other speciality grocers in town.  Still  I'd recommend hitting up the location on South. If running in for a quick ingredient or two It would be nice if HHM would open a store somewhere out on the I-485 perimeter between Pineville & Matthews. I  believe that this area can support several more healthy stores.  Even though consolidation through mergers & acquisitions is the name of the game in corporate America these days Offers the same great items the one on South Blvd does the only downside to this location is the lack of deli and smoothie juice stand.  it's going to be hell to get back on 74W during most times of the day(less busting a U down by Conference)"  they know they have me suckered for their bulk bins and can continue to treat customers poorly. Imagine how well they could do if they didn't have such a piss poor attitude towards customer service."  so when faced with that I've-never-been-to-this-store-and-I-have-no-idea-where-anything-is feeling they're happy to show where to find what you need."  they have let themselves go downhill. The people are quite possibly the rudest I have ever met. I have not met anyone there with a personality yet. The only reason I went there is because it was closer than the one off Sardis Road. But the Sardis location will get all my business from now on. I am very sure that they could care less about one disgruntled customer This place has improved so much. The people are way friendlier. They are nice and easy to talk to. Not rude at all. They are store is clean. The vegetables look fresher. I will start going to this store again.  healthy food. If you have a strict diet for any reason this store is your saving grace." Prices are reasonable and on the whole comparable to Strawberry Fields; some items may be a little more Also the lunch counter makes awesome sandwiches and very good Thai food (owner's husband is Thai and used to operate one of the best restaurants in Bloomington "Tucked away in the back of this natural food store is the most awesome thai deli!  the Mussleman Curry Chicken with egg is a must try.  FANTASTIC!  The flavor is outstanding.  I'm hooked!  I also love the basil beef  etc. You won't miss big chain natural food stores once you visit this place!  Go out and support this wonderful locally owned business." Had to share an actual picture of the deliciousness this time. Mussamen chicken curry with egg. Love this menu item! "Love this place! Always a friendly smile to greet you and they have a great selection of vitamins and organic products. And They know their supplements and food in and out. They carry the best brands in the industry. This is my goto spot for my health as they have always been their for me when I needed them most. "Place is great. Can find food "Arnie has pretty good prices. I went and bought some supplements here that were cheaper than Amazon so I was pleased. Arnie and his daughter are very pleasant and helpful I went there about two years ago.  Kudos to a senior still running a store. I bought refrigerated proboscis it was expired.  I called the company they said that's dangerous. The lady at gnu down the street said Arnie is known for selling expired stuff.  I told Arnie what I found our.  He quickly gave me a refund. No apologies.  I said I was going to call the health Depth. I never did.  Maybe it's best that they are closed down now for the safety of the public. 