 not doctors.  Was then told that they don't have any opening so it was Bethel Park or nothing.  Can't say much for an office that is managed this way.  The lack of empathy was even more disturbing." The doctors were knowledgeable but the staff at the call center was rude and not accommodating. It was also not convenient to get an appointment. I waited an hour and a half to be seen when I was the only patient in the office. The drug reps came with food so I guess patients don't matter. "Someone named Teresa erroneously gave this practice my cell phone number.  The staff from this practice repeatedly called my cell phone over the course is a week to ask for this person  I was on time. I sat in the waiting room until 9 am. When I asked when I would be seen they seemed to think I was already seen! I waited 30 mins in the lobby. Not cool!" "I randomly selected this place from my insurance's list of providers for an exam and new glasses. I'm glad I didn't read the lone one-star review on here before I made the appointment. It took about ten minutes after I showed up to be seen. All of the women there were very courteous and the one who helped me pick out frames was just awesome. The doctor who gave me my exam was also super polite and personable The last time I was here must have been an off day (my previous review gave this place one star) My appt was at 9am I was home by 9:30. The receptionist was very nice as well as the Doctor. I was in and out so fast. I've been going to this doctor since I was a kid and I'll continue to go. The only negative would be they mischarges me my copays. I'll have to fix that the next time I'm in." "I enjoyed my appointment here and would definitely recommend this office. The staff and the optometrist were incredibly friendly and efficient. Their excellent care was in spite of the fact that "The appointment was rushed and they didn't seem to take one of my vision concerns seriously. I wouldn't go back here "There is something about sitting across from Dr. Rectenwald that makes you feel as if you went back in time - to a time when doctors spent time REALLY listening to your problem "He's the best Doc I have ever visited. Very experienced I have terrible foot pain and can barely walk. I was told to come in 5 weeks.  In the past I have seen this doctor for minor foot problems. Very disappointed that I can not be seen sooner. Would only recommend this doctor for toenail trims or  minor problems. Do not believe he cares about his patients. Dissatisfied patient  and just about anything else you could want. They also offer tarot readings. Make sure you say hi to the cat (I think his name is Baloo) while your there!"  but never again. I absolutely LOVE this store and can't wait to have reason to go there again." "What a hidden gem in the South Hills. This fun Little store carters to a wide range a spiritual curiosities. You can explore your psychic side with a modest selection of power crystals  but the tumbled stones are buried deep in the back of the store in such gloom you can barely make them out.  They also look like they were tumbled by a lawnmower.  It's such a shame.  I wish they would bring the tumbled rocks out into the sunlight and stock up with some fresh stones.  Other than that though I also LOVE how the shopkeepers don't keep a hawk's eyes on you. Instead they allow you to spend your time browsing the merchandise alone. After all  how to rid your home of evil spirits and I just wish she wasn't closing the store when I was walking in. She was nice enough to stay open until I purchased my salt lamp. I'll return and get my fill of this place and look around for four or five hours."  stones and oils over the phone and have it delivered to a sick relative nearby.  Tell them what who you need it for (e.g. a sick friend) and they will personally construct the gift basket and deliver it if not too far away Worked perfectly for me and--again--they are very nice. Ask for Amy." "" but we did not feel welcome at all :-(" Adorable shop with tons stuff in every corner. There are things small and large all over so make sure to come here with time on your hands because you might just miss out if you are in a rush- there are rooms upstairs too! "Moonstones is a really neat little place in Dormont....you wouldn't expect something like this to be in Dormont. You can spend quite a bit of time in there just looking at all the cool different stuff they have! The people that work there are very nice as well. It's not a place a lot of people go into I feel because they think it's ""weird"" or voodoo lol but it isn't  and you can't beat the price.  All of the staff are always nice and knowledgable.  I also really love that they have a store cat." I am entitled not to be made to feel as a potential thief before I've even made it through the doors. I work in the industry as well and know that before you can accuse someone of stealing  I guess that's ok. My problem is I feel like I was targeted. There was another woman with her purse and they didn't ask her to hold her stuff. There was something I wanted to buy but I ended up leaving after a few minutes of half hearted browsing. It just left a bad taste in my mouth." I wish Moonstones all the best in their business and the abundance that may come!" I've been a customer off and on for years. It's easy to get lost in browsing. Do yourself a favor and check them out. Dr. Eric is such a great guy and I love that they use technology and less paper! I have never been so impressed with the promptness and professionalism in any office that I have ever been in for any reason.  I was greeted with a smile and ushered in as soon as I walked through the door for both visits.  They made me very comfortable in what is ordinarily an uncomfortable situation.  I highly recommend Dr. Martik's office. "Dr. Martik and his staff provide excellent service in an efficient manner.  They were very respectful of my time when I recently had two cavities filled.  Dr. Martik's attention to detail is outstanding.  Both of my young children are seen at this office and the staff is fun and engaging. My kids actually enjoy going to the dentist! If you are looking for an honest The dentist personally welcomed me to the office and thanked me for choosing them. They are excellent and I would recommend to anyone living in the South Hills area to give this dentist a try." Awesome staff!  Everyone was so kind and extremely caring to my young daughter when she needed a procedure.  Dr. Martik was phenomenal!  His knowledge and attention to detail were outstanding!!  My daughter was put to ease by everyone in the office!  What a great place!!! http:  www.edgewooddentalassociates.com " If you hate the dentist like me but are looking for a trustworthy and knowledgable team this is your place!"  but I had a really positive experience at Edgewood Dental Associates! It was easy to book the appointment and I was in and out quickly. The staff was friendly and the dentist was great! If you are looking for a dentist  and the experience was very enjoyable (and that's talking about going to the dentist). They even send you Christmas and birthday cards  which helps everything go more smoothly. I was so glad to find that they had BOSE headphones with Pandora for patients to use while getting their dental work. Once I realized I was in good hands I zoned out to my happy place with my favorite music. The dental work flew by. They numbed me up so well and kept checking in with me to make sure I was ok "I am so amazed at how amazing this dental office is!  They are so nice and professional and the office is immaculate!  The staff explained everything (including insurance coverage) thoroughly.  I didn't need to come back for a second appointment - they took care of my cavity on that same day.  In the past  I was very upset that I was never told of this downgrade.  I was given an estimate and paid on time in full - not sure when this changed or why I was never told by the office or insurance company.  Regardless I will most definitely keep going to Edgewood  Dental as long as I live in this area." WD7TUnO7ExNJahLN4p3bMA  even though the waiting room is relaxing. The entire office has a modern approach and surpasses any other dentist I have been too. I travel 40-45 min to get to the office from my home but it is worth it to me." "AWESOME!!! Needed a lot of wrk done and I was petrified to go to the dentist due to some REALLY BAD dentists in the past. It's hard to find a good doctor. I did a websearch based upon location and then narrowed it down by insurance. Then I scoured reviews. I did my research on Edgewood Dental and most reviews  were positive. There were very few not so positive reviews which in my opinion is fair. Nothing is perfect. I also studied the website so that I was educated on what was expected of me as a patient customer.  I had a root canal  minimal wait in a nice office setting. I always leave feeling well taken care of. After recently having an unexpected and very bad dental pain crop up  excellent dentists and a beautiful facility. They even did a great job with my three year-old! She loves the dentist thanks to these guys!" "I have been a patient of Dr. Brown's for many years. He is dedicated to continuing to learn and implement the latest dental techniques.  His office is modern It is a shame after so many years to have to start over with a new doctor due to the office staff alone-      future clientele beware"  addresses all my needs and makes sure my medications are up to date. If there appears to be anything questionable or suspicious then she will send me to the appropriate place for further testing. So far I've been pleased with the services they offer as well as being convenient to home."  before I had a magnified prescription that made everything BIGGER. My poor little blind self I have an astingamstism in both eyes. Two years ago I got good lens with nice frames but in 2012  I got shit lens with an okay frame.  I don't plan on returning to America's Best  We were so disgusted with our experience here. We called the corporate office (something I never do) afterward and told them that when are contacts arrive we will not go back to this location. The people at the corporate office were actually really nice and had them shipped to the North Hills location instead. When we went to pick out our contacts at North Hills the staff was very pleasant  Ohio for my glasses needs. But I've moved to Pittsburgh and needed some place economical . I booked my appt online the night before but showed up late.... I didn't know there was a marathon going on . I just wanted to get an exam so I could buy glasses online . The staff was nice and rescheduled me for the next slot. Everyone was nice including the doctor .  Although I didn't initially want glasses 2 pair for 100 bucks and a free eye exam is a great deal. Especially considering I usually spend 300 on glasses after insurance is said and done. My only complaint is the selection wasn't amazing but what so you expect for such cheap prices." From the previous reviews that I read I know exactly who people are talking about.  I rarely give a one or two stars. The customer service here is horrible.  I feel like everything I say is wrong.  I felt rushed when selecting my frames.  They changed me $10 more than what the price was marked on the frame.  When I pointed that out I got an attitude.  even for a defective product. I got a set of eyeglasses here which have reflections all across the field of vision. They're barely usable due to this. If I sit near a bright window  grabbed his foreceps and was done with it before I had a chance to throw up. I also go to AB for the aforementioned glasses and have always been welcomed with a huge smile by one of their friendly staff members as well as a quick and efficient appointment.  I can't say enough about this staff or this doctor.  Don't let the big chain name fool you - America's Best provides good service at a great price."  being an international student. I am writing this comment to save other people."  they offer cheap and or free services to those without insurance on a tight budget in cooperation with a project of AdiagoHealth; an excellent opportunity to get tested for STIs and an annual check-up."  have always had patience with me and answered every question I've ever brought to them. Truly -- this is how women's health care should be everywhere."  and have been absolutely impressed and comforted by the way they have cared for me and provided the most amazing level of support and medical expertise. The women at TMC are top-notch I really look forward to my care here throughout the years!"  from the inviting atmosphere to the knowledgeable and supportive midwives to the very helpful nurses and lactation consultant.  My daughter was born in the Forest Room  are considerably less expensive than C-sections and having a group of highly trained professionals in your corner who are working toward that goal can save you thousands of dollars."  you are treated with the utmost respect. The waiting room was a bit crowded but the majority of patients there had nothing but wonderful things to say about the Midwife Center "This place would be great if they answered their phones "I had a bad experience with the staff- but the doctor was very helpful and patient with me  take advantage of their 2 great locations.  I have only had the upmost pleasant experiences every time I have had an appointment to pick out glasses or to check the health of my vision.  THANKS TO ALL OF YOU!!!"  which they then tried to convince me to get anyway. I felt uncomfortable and pressured into services that I was never told the cost of until I was paying the bill at the front desk. The cost was exorbitant I got my new specs at the PEA.  I loved the staff and my glasses.  I have gotten many compliments.  I had a pleasant experience and this might be the first doc I'll see again next year.  I don't know what else I could ask for more.  Staff was pleasant  and I totally recommend this office to anyone in the area who's looking for a new dentist." "Gurtner dental rocks! My family has been going there for 18 years we were probably their first clients. I'm happy to report both of my children still belong to the no cavity club! And they are 22 and 25 years old! The office staff is professional and the doctors are terrific and we feel like we're in good hands they are almost like family. My brother sees them  but this office deserves recognition. Everyone in the office is kind Been there twice so far and have to say Maggie is so sweet and very knowledgeable. She listens to your concerns and gives you advice outside of acupuncture to help with your problem. The office is very clean and easily accessible to anyone who lives in the south hills. I will definitely go back."  debilitating migraines!!! I had tried every OTC med you could think of and vitamin regimen! I figured I would try this since I wasn't seeing a neurologist for several months... After 3 visits seeing Maggie Several months later and I'm still migraine free!" "I will never purchase anything from this office again! I had to call my insurance to file a grievance against this provider. I went to this office on the 27th of january with my prescription to pick out a pair of frames. I gave them all the necessary information. They told me it would take 7-10 business days for them to arrive. I later called and spoke with the optician and asked whether they could be mailed to my address in NY. It is the 24th of February and I still don't have my glasses!! They kept telling me that they sent to the NY address when I know that they didn't. These people are very unprofessional and rude. They reordered the glasses for me because I have warranty on the lenses. They called me when it arrived in the office  impatient and a poor listener. He then try's to push his optomtetrist . His staff is embarrassed." It is impossible to get an appointment and be prepared to wait an hour before being seen. I've been coming to this office for over two years now and I have nothing but good things to say about it. I've seen different dermatologists over the last fifteen years and for me this is the best. This wasn't the first Derm I visited in the area either. I had a horrible experience at a different doctors office (there's a review somewhere for that too) and after that visit I went looking for a different doctor and found this place. I have seen two different Drs here and one Physicians Assistant. Both Drs are Bunimovic Mrs and Mr. All of whom have listened to me and actually carried on a conversation about treatment options. I can tell you this is not the case everywhere. I also like that I can message back and forth with my Doctor. If there's something I have a concern about I can take a picture send an email and I normally get a response within 24 hours. Also when I have had tests done I have received calls from my Dr. Not his nurse or an office person but my actual Doctor. This is a rarity now a days.  I do have to say sometimes you might have to wait a few weeks for an appt but they do have a waiting list you can go on and they'll call you if a place opens up. If it's something you feel is urgent let them know and they will do everything they can to get you in asap. This particular office is more for the medical side of dermatology but they do have another location that focuses more on the cosmetics side of things. If you are like me and need to see a Derm on the regular I cannot recommend this office enough.  still unable to see she returned and was told to go back to her doctor to check her prescription. The doctor confirmed her prescription was accurate and the glasses were off.  When she asked for new lenses they refused  district manager whomever else I can contact within the organization about this. I will make sure I tell everyone I know to steer clear of Vision Works. These people were so lazy they wouldn't even adjust my glasses Don't go to any Visionworks! My wife and I were in the store and no one greeted or helped us after being there for 30 mins. There were 4 employees and 2 customers and one of them were eating chips at the counter. They are so rude don't waste your time here.  but with this experience and that of others I guess we probably wouldn't have been able to see anyway.  Seeing Red. I am done here."  without being pushy or trying to force him into choosing something he didn't like because they are ""trendy"" (it's happened to us before!)  They were also running a special  but I sat there for 20 minutes while I waited for one of the rushed associates to have a free minute to retrieve them.  This was on a Wednesday afternoon  but the sale associate was rude and didn't care about what had happened. I will never shop at Lens Crafters ever again. What a horrible experience! I also came in many times before and the employees never helped me. They were just sitting down doing nothing. I honestly don't know how they are able to stay in business if they don't help customers or at least ask." We saw the same product in Carolina's mall in sears Optical's at a way lower price point. I am definitely disappointed." "I wouldn't even give them one star at this location!! Beware Dr. Jeffrey Musler and Associates optometry group PA!!! This was the worst service and experience I have ever received!!! The ladies at the reception desk are horrible!!!! I called to order contacts and they were utterly confused. Miscommunication across the board. The receptionist said ""maybe"" they'll go ahead and service me and they might call me back and hung up on me! I was simply trying to order contacts as the doctor told me it would be easy as calling in to do so. Terrible place and I would not recommend this facility to anyone."  but everyone has always been helpful.  I'm okay with the prices as well; I've gone to other places and the prices were actually comparable." "Don't know why it isn't rated higher. I was in and out of the mall with a new pair of glasses within 3 hours. I expected to be able to pick up the new glasses within a week  no waiting.  I saw Dr. Price and she did an very good job.  I wear contacts and have had to wear reading glasses in addition.  I discussed this with her and she gave me a couple of options.  She seemed to be very knowledgeable and professional.  The only negative with them and all optometrists is they charge and additional fee ($68) for a contact fitting exam.  I have been wearing contacts for 30 years and find this a rip off junk fee.  But  too! She helped me stay in budget and searched for every discount I could get with my insurance and current offers through manufacter rebates. I've been in Charlotte 14 years and this is the best place I've found for my eye care "Spectrum is consistently about their business!  Eye contact exam plus dilation....in and out in 30 minutes....unheard of.  The frames are nice but the markup is just insane.  Quick quality service rules st Spectrum I am a person who hates going to any type of doctor.  They really make this a nice experience."  this doctor helped me to really understand the options available to me with today's technology" Dr Osborne is the best eye doctor I've ever been to.  Great staff who knew a lot about the frame selection.  Quick turnaround. 3agV-iW8yukcXpbHom3p3Q  I have found my new eye doctor. I only had to wait a couple minutes and was done in under an hour. Doctor Osborne was great; she provided valuable insight throughout the exam. Convenient location for anyone living or working in uptown. Prices were on par with my previous provider and they gave me a rebate form for my contacts." friendly service. I needed to be in and out on a schedule hectic day and they did just that. This will be my eye contacts place moving forward. They also validate parking. No issues all around."  and had a great experience. I saw Megan Price Osborne and she was super friendly and thorough. They offered convenient appointment hours for me to stop in over my lunch hour. I had to go back to work right after so I couldn't have my eyes dilated Keep it up and Thank You so much for being awesome  the staff is very professional and they carry Silhouettes.  I've always had a great experience and they usually deliver more than promised (fast preparation of glasses Literally one of the best eye exams and overall sales experience I've ever had." I recently went for a general optometry appointment and found Dr. Price very nice and knowledgable. The staff there are very friendly and helpful as well! "I had a great experience at Spectrum Eye Care. The Dr. was thorough in his explanations of the tests he was doing during the visit and in helping me to understand my results. The staff were professional and courteous and explained to me exactly what my insurance would cover. From my experience  and explained exam during each step. I would definitely recommend visiting them to friends and family!"  and made everything quick and easy. Combining that with their convenient location makes it a no-brainer to come here. I will definitely be back and would recommend them to anyone."  and gave overall- just a great eye exam.  My contact lenses prescription changed (a bit drastically) and Dr. Price Osborne made sure I had a pair of contacts to leave in that were the proper prescription  the staff and doctors were courteous and extremely professional. My appointments were on time and they treat every patient with honesty and respect. I would definitely recommend Spectrum."  especially Dr. Eric. The eye exam was actually fun and informative. I am recommending you guys to my friends. Keep up the good work!" Dr. Price provided an a professional opinion regarding my vision correction.  One of the reasons I chose Spectrum was due to the Yelp reviews!  I will recommend you to my associates and friends. Best place for an eye exam if you work Uptown. Fast and convenient appointment times. No waiting for your exam. The staff is extremely courteous and helpful. Dr. Osborne was really helpful in suggesting the right care for me. I ordered glasses and they had a nice selection. Overall very impressed and satisfied. Highly recommend Spectrum.  trying experiencing in having my eyes checked and new eyeglass lenses ordered.  Spectrum Eye Care is so pleasant and easy that it makes me wonder what was so difficult in NY.  The staff is great After this current surgery I'm finding another gynecological oncologist." zRIG4znrwIOp8mG4ZxtVMQ Just finished with my eye appointment and the staff was awesome as usual. Props to Dr. McCoy too. She's very professional and friendly. I look forward to my visit next year!  and Dr Musler has a very calming persona. He is very intelligent and is passionate about his career. I can't imagine going to any other optometrist for my eye care needs!" Worst experience I've ever had in my life at the Carolina place mall beware!!! The receptionists are very rude and one of them hung up on me before telling me that maybe she might get back to me? What kind of business are these people trying to run? I really like Dr. Musler and will keep going to him. He's got a great bedside manner and really seems to hone in on exactly what I need as far as contact lenses.  but to have to wait forever to been seen just adds to the frustration. So don't think that because you work uptown this place is convenient Final analysis: I choose this practice because of a referral from a family friend. The downtown location is not convenient for us and coupled with my experience and that of the other Yelp! reviewers  I think I have had enough with this place. (Hope this proves my point). I highly recommed you stay away from this place!" This is a great office!  I have been seeing Dr. Moore for years and would follow him for his great eyecare.  The staff is very knowledgeable about contacts and glasses.  I loved that they carried frames I would not see everyone else wearing in Charlotte.  The wait was not long and I know sometimes emergencies happen and get everyone behind.  This is a top office. Wonderful associates too!!" MWsY9PueZGWi0B0C7MQCkQ I love that they are right downstairs from where I work.  Ran down for an eye appointment today and was back in less than an hour.  Everyone is so friendly.  Dr. Moore is great. Service was outstanding and I hate that other reviewers did not receive the experience I did.  I look forward to my follow up appointment and know I will not choose another eye doctor again." I am new to Charlotte and was recommended to this office by a colleague. I was very satisfied with my first visit! Staff was extremely friendly and helpful and I was able to get in and out very quickly compared to other appointments I've had with other eye doctors. "Dr. Moore is an outstanding eye doctor. I've been seeing him for 5 years and have always had a great experience.  I love that he offers ""eye photos"" instead of typical dilation (takes a long time and is uncomfortable) Dr. Moore himself is upbeat and cracks jokes through out your appointment. It is easy to feel at ease there. The office is clean and bright I switched to the Dr Steven Moore & Associates practice because a friend recommended Dr Sara Beaver. I haven't regretted making the switch. My wait time is minimal and the staff is friendly and very helpful. But the best part is Dr Beaver. She is a breath of fresh air and very knowledgable. All my questions were answered and my appointment was not rushed. I like the lines they carry for eye glasses. Maddy is a big help in the optical department. I look forward to my annual eye appointment at the office of Dr. Steven C. Moore.  The staff are very courteous and knowledgeable.  The timeliness of my appointment is on target.  I enjoy the dialog with Dr. Moore.  He is very personable and knowledgeable with a no nonsense approach to his practice.  I have been a long time patient and plan to continue the annual tradition. I have recommended many friends to Dr. Moore and will continue to do so!" Highly recommend! I can't wait to get my glasses!"  but three strikes and your out."  and doctor were pleasant. I have an issue with credibility of the sales agents when completing a purchase.  I purchased a pair of Chanel eyeglasses and wanted a new pair. I was advised by Maria that they will come from Italy. The pair never was ordered. They sent the original glasses off to be filled. When it was addressed Great place to get your eye exam and for your eye glass needs.  I have been a patient of Dr. Moore for years and I appreciate his thoroughness with his exams.  The staff at the front desk is welcoming and always a pleasure to talk to. I loooove Dr. Moore.  He is so personable and knowledgeable.  The staff is always helpful and they are always upgrading to the newest technology.  but for a mandatory yearly ritual it was quite enjoyable.  Dr. Karner was very attentive and really listened to my input and opinions about my treatment.  So since I have to spend 1-2 hour of my life every year getting pointlessly getting checked out  honest and kind. I feel that she respects me and I cannot say that about the two guys I saw  I have been very happy with Dr. Karner and my Mother is as well  before examining me. One time I had a serious health problem and she helped get me into CMC quickly for some tests Dr. Wanda Robinson is one of my favorite people in the world:-) Never had a doctor that genuinely cares for her patients and is not afraid show it. I know she gets sick of me(proclaiming to be a dr in my own mind) self diagnosing myself by way of the internet.......please forgive me:-) The office is conveniently located uptown in the BB&T center and I've never had a problem getting in for a last minute appointment or if there is an emergency.  Dr. Robinson has No appointments available for sometimes 6-8 weeks.  The staff encourages me to go to her Nurse Practitioner or another available doctor.  I say no I want to see my doctor.  I guess when you get your quota of patients you are assigned a Nurse Practitioner.  I don't know?  You build up a familiarity  with your doctor and a history of all of your tests  from the lady at the front desk (Rita) to Anna in phlebotomy.  Nurse Mira was pleasant and kind as well.  Dr. Pierce seemed very organized with her examination.  She exuded a genuine concern for my well being and health.  Plus  yet they split-coded it as a separate visit discussion than my annual.  $150.  I thought the purpose of my annual was to talk about stuff like that.  This practice and the associated hospital are there to make a $.  No customer service.  When I went in to discuss  doctor was great and the support staff was equally impressive.  I'll be back for sure." The doctor prescribed me medication that I am allergic to. It was in my chart and I told her about my allergy in person. I ended up in the emergency room. The practice manager does not seem to care about the issue and their whole staff is awful. The Uptown office provides free parking in the deck beneath the building so I have continued to be seen at this location although I no longer work in the area.  MMG has offices throughout the area so once you decide on a location  a fan of this practice!  Would recommend it!"  not my usual doctor that I have always seen and who is my primary care provider. I made sure after my first appointment with my doctor that I would always be scheduled with her and put that in my paperwork  so I'd always see her. Again Stepped off a curb and twisted my ankle. Woke up the next morning and it looked like a ballon. Made an appt to see my doctor. Went on the visit and nothing was done.(in regards to x-ray or examining the ankle) I was told to ice and take aleve. Called back in 2 weeks because I was still in pain and had swelling. I was advised it may take another week or 2 keep icing and taking aleve. I went with my gut and went to a podiatrist and found out I have torn ligaments in my ankle. They are lazy ass hell! Don't waste your money or time. Find another place where the doctors care. I hate to say that I have almost no ability to get an appointment with my doctor at MMG uptown Dr. Wanda Robinson. I don't know what is happening to medicine patients appointments etc. all I know is I can almost always call when I'm in need and not be able to see my Dr.  Robinson of over 20 years. It makes me very unhappy. So at this time I cannot  any longer recommend any doctor at MMG uptown because if you get one of them you won't be able to get into see them so you will become frustrated and will be looking for new doctors after you've built a long history with your doctor. This saddens me to say. So now if someone has a very good primary doctor I am in need of One at this time.too.   If you could give me some heads up I sure would appreciate it thank you. "Horrible.  Come here only if you have plenty of time on your hands and nothing you really need attention for.  Also if you enjoy being promised ""we will call you right back"" and never hearing anything from them.  There is a reason this location has such bad reviews.  They have so many appointments from uptown residents they would rather get rid of patients than see them.  My last doctor just disappeared.. No notice of anything.  I had to spend a week just trying to re-explain the little progress we had made.  Apparently the emails I had been sending to my doctor were being redirected to someone else and they never even thought to tell me the doctor had moved on.  The front desk staff is the worst I've ever encountered.  There is only one girl who I've ever talked to there who seemed legitimately friendly on the phone.  Everyone else obviously hates their job and could care less about your medical problems.  Avoid uptown at all costs." Plan to be overbilled and plan to be a counselor to your provider that will spend the majority of your visit you're paying $$$ for to complain about the ACA and the coding reform." Because 0 isn't an option.   to let them know I was going to be running a few minutes late for my appointment due to the severity of the injury of my foot and my inability to walk fast enough to get there in time. I limped all the way inside and said I was there for my appointment but unfortunately Dr. Dare could not see me. Extremely poor customer service. Now I will go wait at the hospital for a couple hours and hope to be seen." I go because it's close and it's easy."  so take heed of the restrictions & meter rules around here! If I'm in the area and need to fit in a fast  all of the cardio and weightlifting equipment is within close proximity.  But hey  there tends to be a lot of younger folks here. I like that (makes me work-out harder) ****I miss my KB instructor but have really enjoyed taking the occasional Turbo Kick class.  The structure and queuing is different ...but can provide a good workout."  and are always willing to lend a hand.  I like this Y better than the other ones around Charlotte mostly because it's not always super crowded and you almost never have to wait to use a machine.  I really like the classes- especially spin - I forgot her name but my lady (she was pregnant at the time) was always motivating and kept me going!  It's a nice cozy little gym that is very convenient if you live within walking distance.  Parking is readily available too if you aren't." The member base of this gym is sometimes sort of blah. A ton of the BofA workers work out here after work or on their lunch break so there sometimes isn't a lot of variety or excitement.. but that's not why we go to a gym is it?! If you don't mind  and the crowd is laid back without the ""strutting"" that you can see at other gyms. I never see it packed or desolate This is now our go to Y during the week!" Be sure to look up the parking codes on their branch website so you can park in the parking lot right beside the Y after 4:30 each weeknight.  Otherwise you have to park in the parking deck up the street."  so I'm not familiar with specific parking for gateway YMCA. Just a heads up! Definitely recommend." "Try the new Crossfit classes with Coach Steffie! You will get your money's worth and then some. I see her almost 4 times a week and I'm fittest I've ever been in my life! The Y is clean Check the website for parking information (I walk there but there's a free lot [with access code] in the evenings and they validate up to 2 hours in the garage)."  everyone is super nice and the equipment is pretty new. The ladies locker room is cavernous with little side rooms for personal training and various nutritional council rooms. Downstairs is the classroom where you can participate in free classes.  The location is awesome for me The Gateway Village YMCA is well maintained and clean. Exercise machines are up to date and they recently got new machines. Will definitely check them out." The Dowd YMCA is a great place; with state of the art equipment  But it's still the best gym in town. By far." - My locked locker was broken into in 2006 and my gym bag was stolen from it."  but I'm a big proponent of a big papa lock on my locker. For the money and the friendly service "Oddly the best gym in Charlotte; although it is packed between 5-7:30 on a weekday.  Lots of equipment and free weights.  Staff can be a bit rude sometimes  this is definitely the best and the largest. Also has the most parking available too. Very welcoming 1 less star due to the gyms popularity.  Sometimes looking for a parking space can be a workout in itself.  Lately I've just been parking really far away and just jogging in with bag in tow... great warm up."  but you always get what you pay for and they offer Financial Aid to those who need it!" Overall great experience; I highly recommend this gym." I wish that they would get on the ball and start tweeting - especially when we had the snow ice delays last week!  Grrr!!!"  Dowd is still the nicest gym I've attended." b3u-GK6_xj2fJkinzLk_jQ  and it is a monthly draft. This $40 a month also includes the use of the OTHER 2 YMCA's in the uptown area as well! I definitely think this is a much better deal than the close competitor Sports and Fitness. $40 for a monthly gym membership is very reasonable for downtown in a larger city." Overall as a few people mentioned this place isn't completely perfect - parking's a B and  I feel they could amp up the AC in Keith gym but overall it really has exceeded my expectations!"  I guess I should talk about the actual gym component eh? I've been to different Y's in Charlotte and Y's in other cities and the Dowd has the most recent models of treadmills Crime is a problem!  I had my phone and keys stolen from me while I was in the pool at Dowd.  My babysitter had her car broken into in the Dowd parking lot as well. Both of these events took place within the last 2 months.  It is not worth working out at a place where you and your property are unsafe. Be sure to attend athletic conditioning classes conducted by Becky (if you're advanced) and Roy ( if you're not yet advanced).  They're fantastic and worth the time The best workout this gym provides is the walk back and forth from your car  I don't want to sit in the hot-tub with you while you're naked after you worked out-gross!  I understand a certain amount of undress is expected but some people (generally the older crowd I might add) take it to an extreme." What a wonderful place!  I will definitely be back!"  just make sure to sign up for a bike early - they will and always do fill up. Convenient location on Morehead  and would recommend anyone to go there! :)"  but it reads ""This is your year!"" which is great motivation every time you leave the gym!  I am hoping 2012 will be MY year and the Dowd will help me (in the words of my favorite Star Trek Captain) ""Make it so""...." Looking forward to the crowds thinning out and trying some of the other locations."  you'll spend $100 a month for 2 people.  That to me is a bit on the pricey side..."  people like to walk around naked at this y more than any other charlotte-area y i've been to."  while my fees helped pay for trashy people who don't know how to act in public....constant screaming and cussing.  The men's locker room is always nasty. The toilets are disgusting I love the dowd y . Love that it is so close to my office  making it easy to fit into my day. My favorite class is the roc it circuit training class. My goal is to do 3 supersprint triathalons. Just started the master swim  and I am learning lots. Great support for whatever you do.  Only down side parking if you go between 5-6  although I just received email  that they now have extra parking at surrounding office and church. I like checking in with Bryan on second floor if I don't see him in a while he notices and it keeps me accountable.  Great people working there keep me feeling like I belong  and supported in what ever my goal.  the parking can be challenging but after a while you can figure out when and where is the best.  Membership can be expensive but they now offer tier membership fees based on income. If you don't make much  I was there for a seminar.  I had to find my own way upstairs via the elevator to the room.  There were no signs and no one available to assist me.  Otherwise  you can't bring them to the Dowd Y on weekdays. I don't  there isn't much to complain about with Dowd... it doesn't provide the personal workout experience that Johnston or even Childress Klein does Tip: If you can go at non peak time (lunch This ymca is very large.  It has 4 floors to exercise.  Like 10 racket ball rooms.  Towel and rags are ease of access to shower and etc.  The downside is that most hours of the day it is crowded because it is located downtown.  but only to people who really honestly don't care about having strange women exhibitionists waving stuff around in their faces while in the locker room. As for me - I care - probably too much to return." They could take a hint from 24 Hour Fitness (which usually plays some pretty bad-ass house music)... or even the music their own group exercise classes play upstairs." fXo7RWiS-U8zr4zImqIfLA Love the Dowd. Love being a member here. That is all." While it would take me a few visits to become fully oriented with each floor and the location of everything  but since I'm committed to not missing a workout under for reason I came hear to take a make up class that I missed at Childress Klein.... the 6am athletic conditioning class was a great workout FYI: it's definitely worth looking for a parking spot!" Great facility! Amazing staff! Dion assisted me and he was so professional! I will be joining this gym! So much to do there! I simply loved racket ball!  even though the instructors are pushing my limits to the point where i almost cry :-)" Wait 20 mins to get a parking spot then wait 15 for a machine no thanks. Just cancelled and move to Fitness Connection for $10 bucks a month. For that price I can go to a swanky yoga studio on the weekends and still be cheaper than the Y. This place is seriously over sold. Stop selling more memberships when you don't have enough space or equipment to accommodate current members. Serious over crowding issue. "This is the best Y in Charlotte and that is saying something considering it's age. Every group class under the sun I am always recommending the Dowd to friends and family. It's a great place  going at non-peak hours saves me from the parking and crowding issues that others seem to face- ain't no crowds at 9:30 pm! I generally stay in the Women's Fitness Center  but the gym on the third floor is top notch. They have a piano! The staff is friendly and everyone seems to be smiling. I'm only not giving the facility 5 stars because their visitors policy is 3x per month Hope I didn't insult anyone. It's one of the great old institutions of Charlotte"  come all and get healthy!"  and if you time your arrival you can find people leaving. Not bad. It does get crowded during peak hours but that is to be expected. I can only imagine what the place will look like come January. It is nothing that would deter me bc as I said  free weight room is inadequate for the amount of members. Only 2 squat racks and very low ceilings make it seem even more packed than it is. Serviceable gym during non-peak hours but I would suggest finding another place to work out if you are really in to weight lifting."  great instructors. Hours are amazing and the equipment is newer up stairs. They've added a few more classes. Pools are fantastic. The juice spot is great! Staff is nice. The bad: parking is impossible.  Seriously if you plan to come at 4:30-7:00 monday-friday "Beautiful facilities- all the amenities you could ever need The Dowd has the largest selection of work out classes and their schedule is awesome. Parking can be a little tricky but waiting for a spot is worth it. I love how much space there is at this Y. Great gym! I love the spacious floors that this YMCA allows. I don't feel like anyone was judging me as I worked out. But then again I focus on myself and less with what's around me. But I would suggest you to avoid the bottom floor where all the intense weight training machines weights are located. It's where all the meat heads are located. If you're a female all they do is STARE."  I used to own a locker there and all the ladies are pretty cool. If you're a regular expect to strike up some conversations with some chicas... I mean if they see you everyday Overall I am glad I am a member here."  it has almost everything you need  high-volume Y so lots of whining people who demand alot. I give them credit for trying to make people happy.  I am smiling more when I workout as I'm less peeved about all the non-caring people  for a good price - especially because I get to go to any Charlotte Y. The only downside is that it gets VERY busy (get to class early!) and parking can be quite difficult at prime times."  there are many gyms in the area but this one is spacious and very reasonably priced."  the set up is super cool. But my issue is . It's a bit racist if your black they think your sneaking in trying to steal stuff . I had a woman tell me I look like a thief I can't come in this way to go to the locker room. If you do not come in there dress like a business savvy person  "This is the only YMCA that I've been to in the area. I'm unsure how this compares. However  and has been for months. It will take on average 20 minutes to find parking in the 5:30-7 pm timeframe. The gym suggested you avoid peak hours (before work and after work) but that is difficult because   love the classes. I think I'm getting a really good workout.  I joined because I literally pass the gym on my way home. But I hate that's it based on income. I pay a pretty penny and I'm thinking of cancelling because of that. It's like your punished for having a decent income  including athletic conditioning which they have almost every day. Stay away from going at peak times as it can be difficult to find a parking spot. Otherwise A+"  which is obviously something you'd want from a gym. Never too crowded  go to the front desk first and get a pass. The actual yoga room is down the last elevator bank and through the glass doors. You need a pass to get through security."  is the community of regulars who also make the daily pilgrimage to burn some calories before the sun rises.  There are some serious athletes who train like crazy and some desk jockeys who live for their exercise highs outside of the office (that's my hand raised in the back of the room).  In all  you'll have to exchange your Y scan card at the front desk for a special pass as it is across the hall and through security."  and the gateway location would be a hassle to jump on and off the trolley.  Everything you could ask for in a gym.....classes I'll definitely recommend this facility and will consider returning to it on my next Charlotte  and Shari's BODYFLOW on Monday and Thursday is by far the best yoga-type class I've ever taken.  She's a great teacher.  My only complaint is that they charge $10 per guest.  If I want to bring someone that is visiting me from out of town or something While this Y does have parking in the basement of the building But if you are in a time crunch and you work uptown you can get used to this tiny location.  Don't forget parking is free after 4:30PM!!!" Amazing service!  Now I wish I belonged to a YMCA back home.  Going to have to look into it for sure."  not much being offered with the current scheduled trainer there.  It's been so tough I've been advised by YMCA staff to actually go to another YMCA location to use their 3rd party vendor if I want to get quality comprehensive fitness coaching. Would like to see that service offered at this location."  it's less crowded. I also feel that people are a bit more ""real"" at CK... I don't feel underdressed when I'm working out and people actually talk to you -whereas at Dowd I feel a bit inferior because I don't own any Lululemon & I actually take my makeup off before working out. Don't get me wrong  the CK YMCA both amazes and fufills their duties in providing great services to their members and their community."  I could go on and on.  Make sure to avoid at your typical peak times to maximize the experience.  I like to block off an hour on my calendar mid-morning or afternoon and have the whole place to myself.  I always see one of our EVP's around these same times  and not feel like you are in the way. If you can deal with the hassle of parking (they validate within a very limited window of time) it's worth checking out." I usually go right at peak time and have never had to wait for a cardio machine. Sometimes the ab area behind the cardio is a bit full  I'd come back and probably will. Clean and well laid out facilities with decent staff makes this a winning place to get your sweat on in my book." "Great location and clean gym. Joined this YMCA when I began working uptown. They provide towels on the fitness floor for mopping away your sweat as well as full bath towels in the locker room. Fully equipped locker room offering convenient way to shower before heading back to the office. Great variety of machines and indoor pool. Can see basketball court and classes from machines. They offer a variety of classes The YMCA's as a whole in Charlotte are better than a lot of other gyms. If you didn't land that silver spoon job out of school and can't afford Crossfit Check it out if you're ever in need of an Uptown workout.  It's a great spot before or after work for persons that commute to the area daily."  she said that approx 20 people had to leave the class do to lack of bikes emphasizing that we should leave class if we were not up to fully participating.  I should mention the class was similar to Flywheel with a leader board with TV'S ovethead tracking each indiv bike. The class began with a 30 sec warm up and finished without a cool down or stretch and we were told to stretch off to the side to allow for the next class to begin. During the class there was no mention of proper form or the use of spin shoes to enhance the workout.  As a participant and cycle instructor I was surprised by the format and lack of proper warm up and cool down. I was also surprised that this was the atmosphere at the Y.  The facility was very nice and the equipment was good but I think they need to have a sign up sheet for the class and good decription of the intensity of the class." The best part of the YMCA is how clean it is. There is cleaning spray and a towel stationed at every machine and I noticed that people were very good about cleaning up after themselves."  even when it's ""busy."" Probably a convenient location only if you live downtown My friend has used Dr. Voci in the past for other procedures and was very pleased with the results. I met Dr. Voci before and after the procedure today and I really enjoyed meeting him. It is very apparent that he cares about his patients." Dr. Voci is a caring and competent surgeon. Patient safety is top on his list along with individualized patient care. The facility operates under the highest standards to insure positive outcomes. His staff members are well trained and exhibit expertise and professionalism.  I finally have mustered up the courage and of course saved up the money to attempt to revise this butcher's (Voci) work. It will cost me $13000 to have my revision. My nose looks like it was broken as one side of it is completely pulled up and crooked. It is so important to have this type of surgery done with a board certified surgeon who specializes in surgery of the face. Even then Rhinoplasty is a specialty within the realm of facial plastic surgery. Do your homework. What angers me I have been to Dr. Voci for a breast augmentation and have referred 2 others there for the same procedure and we are all extremely happy with our results!  Dr. Voci is extremely nice and really listens to his patients.  I recently went back to him for some facial filler (17 years later) and he is just as sweet as I remembered.  The entire staff was very accommodating and I will definitely be going back!  not least of all because I don't know actually who I'm speaking with. I'm still not entirely clear on how someone can be so rude to a scared patient  having previously had my charts from another physician sent over to help Dr Stephens understand what exactly is going on with my health... I would expect her to READ them. I was scheduled for a procedure I DIDNT need to have due to her not reading  the other records that I had sent over... and after all that   it's in my records...."" she cut me off acting like she knew exactly what pill I was taking.  Unbelievably angry. Do not go here  there aren't 20 doctors so you always know who you will see and who will deliver your baby!!!" Well after everything I came out a healthy mom to a healthy baby boy "Went today for the first time because of a referral by a friend. The facility is really nice and the personnel we're all extremely nice. Getting a ""physical"" is never a fun experience but doctor Yavorski was super quick and very gentle. She was very nice and asked thorough questions. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a new OBGYN!!" Kudos to everyone at Rankin Women's Center for standing above the rest!"  left the practice and I never got a notification. If seeking an office that cares (even just a little bit) I had been referred to Dr. Svendsen at Rankins Women's Center several years ago by a friend. I am so happy that I decided to switch to this practice and specifically to Dr. Svendsen. He is the only medical doctor that I have every been to who actually sits down and listens to your concerns and addresses each and every one before you leave.  Although there is often a wait time I'm confident it is because Dr. Svendsen is being as thorough as he can be with each and every patient which everyone deserves. To try to bypass the wait I try to make my appointments in the mornings when I can.  The receptionists and the nurses have always been very nice to me and very helpful and responsive when I have had questions about health insurance and coverage.  I am due March 2015 and very confident that I am receiving the best care possible. Now that my husband has met Dr. Svendsen he agrees that there are not many doctors out there that truly care like he does. I would recommend Dr. Svendsen to anyone looking for a new OBGYN.  and 7 ppl on the two basketball courts.  There is upstairs ""track"" which is more like a carpeted circle that goes around the gymnasium and a pool where they have classes.  Its smaller in size We were here on vacation and my daughter needed to train for a swim meet. It was only a 5.00 charge for her to get a day pass to use the pool. Everything was clean and new. The staff was very professional and friendly.  we are so glad they are here.  It has improved steadily over the years and they have unique programs for young people and seniors.  Hopefully the will expand the multi-purpose areas in the future.  overall My main favorite feature of this gym is the specialized childcare. My son had a bit of trouble letting go of me at first when I left him with the daycare area of the gym. However the childcare is so outstanding here at this YMCA in particular  the struggle is real in that department. I guess they don't believe that black folks swim since they only have 1 2 lanes available unless swim lessons are scheduled - it's a wrap." Very poor customer service in the contact lens department. Rude front desk staff. Will  not go back.  they will take good care of you!" The doctors that work here and the staff joke around with the kids and make them relaxed and try to relieve any anxiety that they might have.  They have a great bed side manner about them." The building is very clean and nice and all of the facilities (at least in Audiology) were new and state-of-the-art." THIS PLACE WAS AWFUL TO ME. I came in to get a scar on my nose fixed and the doctor told me he would take care of it but needed to do another surgery first. He screwed up the major surgery and I had to come in for a second surgery that I had to pay for. My scar ended up being WORSE than before I even came to them for help. They did NOTHING to correct this. Terrible. Really pleased with my experience here.  My doc is extremely helpful and nice and the staff and nurses are great as well!  the doctor finally saw me and he tells me I have hearing loss. He looks into my aching ear and bluntly tells me I have no infection but rather TMJ which really  was very disappointing.  The appointment was for my Mother who was previously told she could undergo a specific eye surgery and then upon arriving and pre-op review  travel with ease... its a miracle :)" Dr. Hoover is very personable and knowledgable and his staff members are very nice. The wait time is really challenging for a toddler...an hour past appointment time. I know wait time comes with specialists but this was a bit much. I plan on returning for a follow up with my daughter and have high hopes that it was just an off day. Billing sucks. We have been over paying for hearing aids for our daughter.  She got them in 2009 and both our insurance company and myself have paid more than the cost of the hearing aids and I just found out that they filed a collection. Noone at Ceenta can explain  the bill. We looking for a new Dr.  because they didn't think there was anything they could do to help. My frustration is that I waited a week for an appointment that was scheduled with the wrong doctor with a possibly serious medical condition for which I will now have to wait even longer to be seen for. When it comes to something which has already caused me so much anxiety and my desperate need for some answers My appointment was at 9. It's now 10 and I'm still waiting.  :-   everyone around me was here when I got here and are still waiting as well...  I would not return based on the lack or respect for my time.  When I finally got to see the dr at 10:30 she spent all of 4 minutes on me.  because they didn't think there was anything they could do to help. My frustration is that I waited a week for an appointment that was scheduled with the WRONG doctor with a possibly serious medical condition for which I will now have to wait even longer to be seen for. When it comes to something which has already caused me so much anxiety and my desperate need for some answers  and intense stomach pain. Now I am $100 plus down the drain from something that could have been prevented if I was given that simple information or a freaking laxative DAY 1. The nurse at the hospital told me I wasn't the only patient from there that has come to the hospital with the same exact symptoms due to the lack of information to the patient.THEY ARE MONEY HUNGRY!! THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT THE PATIENT.THEY CHARGED ME ANOTHER CO PAY FOR MY CT RESULTS! and another $25 to sign my Disability PAPERWORK. ( When they told me before if I filed it myself I wouldn't have to pay)  ARE YOU SERIOUS?!" Went back to CEENTA and they refused to refund my money. That is stealing!" Waited for 35 mins past appointment time. No respect for patients time. And still waiting. I gave these guys a one because I can't go below. Dr. Lovejoy promise to fix my nose with a septoplasty. My insurance was billed $28000 whereas the common cost of the procedure usually runs up to about six thousand. I am not pleased with the outcome as I continue to have nose bleeds and he keeps saying that it's normal after an entire year of surgery. The guy doesn't know what he is doing. I come here to get my annual eye exam and staff is so wonderful and helpful. I love all the convenient locations that they have. The selection of glasses to choose from is average but I always find a pair that I like. I would recommend making an appointment in a week or two advance because they fill up quickly. "Front receptionist was kind. After filling out new patient forms my son waited only five minutes to be seen by nurse. Nurse was friendly and kind. We waited for less than ten minutes to see doctor. The doctor took time to find out any concerns my son might have about school grades  stay away from this place. If they forgot to document something as simple as an eye exam The patient is not seen as an equal partner. Dr. Wyrick does not understand that she is employed by the parent and believes somehow that the parent must obey her commands. Three of my acquaintances feel the same about this woman. Dr. Lind and his Assistant made sure I understood my ""at-home"" post-surgical work to insure the best healing outcome!  The Receptionist was great too "I went to this practice after experiencing moderate to severe pain in my right ankle. When I made the appointment I told the person booking the appointment that it was related to my ankle (so they would hopefully assign me to a physician that was versed in that area).  When I went for my appointment "Went to this practice several times and saw Dr. Lind.  We were told that my son needed  an orthotic for planters fascia tis.  We purchased a lower priced orthotic to begin with. The first orthotic failed within a month so we returned and purchased a more expensive orthotic (more than $300) and told it had a 1 year warranty.  Unfortunately  and thorough.  The staff made me feel comfortable despite by broken foot.  The doctors and tech staff were willing and ready answer any questions I had.  They even gave me additional numbers to reach them at if I thought of any further questions.  I highly recommend Dr. Kaiser and Dr. Miller for all of your foot needs.  I was in Charlotte on vacation and needed immediate attention.  I was able to be scheduled quickly and get everything I needed." "Dr. Kaiser did a check up on my broken foot 5 weeks into recovery. Her instructions were very clear and concise.  Her nurse made me feel welcome and comfortable.  I will be sure to come back if I have any further needs- but with my new orthotics  but to give me about 30 min. to get home so that I could write it down.  Of course that part of the message didn't get through because he called me 10 min. later while I was drivng and could take down the name of the infection.  From what I could remember of the type of infection   I highly suggest you find another practice." My son was referred here from our family doctor. My son who is totally affraid of needles and the procedure did amazing. His ingrown and infected toenail was removed and no tears were shed.  In fact laughter and much joking around kept him very happy. Still very professional  even tho there was joking going on. I would recommend this office to anyone with a squeamish child! Dr. Molan is extremely friendly and professional. Takes all the edge out of going to the doctor. Dr. Hull is great but not great enough to overcome the poor treatment from the business office.  Don't ask for anything out of the ordinary like calling in a mail order script.  They are a well oiled machine and you are truly just a number there. I think she's the greatest MD I've ever had :)"  diagnose or prescribe things to me. I feel that the doctor I've been seeing is more than capable of doing those things. but I also believe that with healthcare providers there should be a certain level of warmth and care that goes along with the medical proficiency. And based upon my visits  friendly staff and techs . Dr. Olulade is da bomb! Nice to have a primary that actually cares about you and makes you feel comfy ."  I feel like I am viewed as a ""necessary evil"" for them to collect their money.  Don't go here - you will regret it." Don't waste your time at this office." siixOX00BhEkUlKg3n06tA "As a first time patient I was able to get a next day appointment. The wait was short siixOX00BhEkUlKg3n06tA  they feel that I should be obligated to pay a $170.00 bill for the doctor not doing anything. My thing is why can't they just admit that it was a misdiagnosis and remove the bill from my account.  But because they chose to make this difficult I have contacted the News station and my attorney." "I've been going to this office for 9 years. Today I saw my 4th doctor at the practice. They have all been amazing. Dr. Hull is fantastic! However  count me out - there's plenty of other places to get healthcare in this town." "Everyone has always been nice to me when i come here.  I have always been in and out very quickly  which means a lot when you're in pain and you just want someone to take care of you. His staff was also very kind and comforting. And after all the horror stories I had read about wisdom tooth extraction  just in case she had a reaction to the anesthesia or had problems breathing.  The pre-op and post-op care was was very good and thankfully there were no problems during the procedure.  The swelling afterwards was pretty minimal considering... and she had no bruising and no other issues.  We both felt that Dr M and his staff were very professional I'm not going to pretend that having tongue surgery was ""fun"" but under the circumstances I could have not expected better.  Thanks" Bottom line: I can't recommend this guy enough. I don't want to be put in a position where I need oral surgery again Maybe it was just an off day for them.  I hope so."  but today had a wonderful experience. I called with a bit of a panic and dr.roginsky med assistant called me back after hours and quickly gave me the feedback and the info I needed!!! Thank you!!!"  at least some sort of social skills would be nice instead of a robot.  That bummed  me out for weeks...I wanted to wait until after I  had my  child and make sure  I still felt the same and not hormonal. I  recommend getting a sonogram  else where especially  since you pay for it it should  be a happy  time. Overall I like the doctors  but the office is run so coldly and needs a desperate  revamp and clean of office staff." "I do not go to the blakeny office but I have dr walker over at the monroe office.  I have to say they are absolutely anazing... I could not have found a better dr or nurse like penny if I seached high and low....theu are personable I had my first visit today with Dr. Roginsky and arrived very early to my appointment by mistake (completely my fault) but ended up have to wait a while in the room as well. As soon as Dr. Roginsky came in she apologized for the delay. She is very sweet and made me feel super comfortable as a new patient. I set up a web portal through their online system while I was there and within a few hours after my appointment received a message on the portal from Dr. Roginsky to personally apologize again for the delay. Would definitely recommend Dr. Roginsky to anyone!! I love this practice!" "Can I start by saying I waited a month to see Dr. Mock for my annual exam and when I met her I understood why. Staff is amazing everyone from the front desk to the nurses. I was brought back immediately (another rare thing for most doctors)nurse pre screened me and soon after I met Dr. Mock  too.  Doctor appointments are usually last-minute things for me (because I'm dying or something) and they can always get me in when it's convenient for ME.  I appreciate that and that says a lot about their service." R-ff6qTsHb6HC7wQ2Wl5bg "I'm leaving Charlotte and dreading finding a new doctor because Dr. Larsen has been a fantastic doctor for the past 2 years. Making an appointment is easy Fantasic and very friendly staff! The best in Charlotte hands down! staff is friendly enough..drs are quick and dont really listen or ask any questions... ive changed drs since my last visit and am very happy. i had an appt that i had rescheduled here and they keep sending and will not stop sending a letter asking me to pay for a missed visit when i called to cancel a week before. found a way better dr...little better to drive but at least i feel like im getting the customer service i deserve... His office is 20 minutes from my home and 45 minutes from my work.  I gladly drive there and will continue to do so." "Northwest Family Physicians is the best!  I have been going there for about 10 years or more. Incredible service all around.   Dr. Larsen is my favorite physician ever. He is very personable Amazing staff and doctor.  I've been seeing Dr. Larsen for years and trust his diagnosis.  I was very thankful that I gave this practice a try and will continue to go back!"  asked me if I wanted an additional test for strep (versus just giving me one) and provided me with the appropriate medication. Being new to the area they also gave me a great doctor referral for a general practitioner. I am well on my way to recovery and never had such a great experience (if that is possible) at an urgent care in California or North Carolina. I would not recommend anywhere else "Nurses at the front counter are a little spacey and slow but otherwise this urgent care is just wonderful. I asked the front nurse for some tips on preventing an infection I keep dealing with and she just looked at me blank and said she didn't know. I'm sorry but you're a nurse Awful awful awful!!!!  I have never experienced such RUDE nurses or doctor in my life. I will never go back here again. I'm not sure how they have received positive reviews. "If I could give zero stars I would.  Waited almost a half hour for my number to be called to even be registered  but unfortunately my experience with the nurse means I will not return to that particular urgent care I went from wearing glasses my whole life to 20 20 vision now.  I would highly recommend that you check them out if you are considering LASIK as they do a free consultation."  and no worse than dealing with cutting an onion for a very brief period of time.  I opted for the mono-vision correction. It's a choice really well suited for older patients that are at an age where reading glasses will start to be needed.  So late 30's early 40's.  The procedure corrects the dominate eye for distance and the other eye for reading.  Your brains does the rest and it was seamless for me.  No more glasses and a very good chance I will never need reading glasses.  The procedure was about 10 seconds per eye and I walked out with perfect 20 20 vision.  At my one year visit my vision had even improved to a little better than 20 20.  The doctors at this practice gave me honest answers to my questions.  I never felt I was being sold a service but more guided to the best choice for my goal to never wear glasses again. If you are looking for a doctor that will not offer you a buy one eye get one free deal this is the place.  The cost is set and the value is well documented in the number of happy patients they have.  Don't look for the best deal.  Look for the best doctor that will give you an honest price for safe  and they were absolutely incredible. Everyone there was extremely patient and pleasant. They walked me through the entire process  Dr. Mozayeni will be my #1 recommendation for anyone considering LASIK surgery." "I could not be happier with the experience I had at Providence Eye & Laser Specialists. I already have 20-20 vision the day after the surgery and minimal dryness and disruption to my daily life. Dr. Mozayeni and his staff are incredibly good and knowledgable at every step you have to take in this process. They give you every confidence you need to be able to make the decision and get the best treatment and care during and after. I highly recommend them to anyone considering lasik. Thanks "I could not have asked for a better experience. They made the process so easy  and I'm extremely glad I chose Providence Eye & Laser Specialists versus the competition.  Ask yourself are you a Neiman Marcus person or a Walmart person?  I'm definitely a Neiman man." Highly recommend and have highly recommended them to all of my friends and family! 0 regrets deciding to have these procedure done  and caring. I went from wearing glasses with a - 6.00 prescription to being 20 15 the very next day. I highly recommend this business and I wouldn't trust anyone else. The cost is well worth the A+ service and I am extremely grateful for being able to be a patient at this facility. Thanks again to everyone at Providence Eye and Laser!"  so great. I just wish I did this sooner!" My mom has needed glasses for a while but was nervous to go on her own. She wanted to make sure we found the best place possible. I found this place on Yelp and it had great reviews. WAs not disappointed. Very nice staff and modern office. We were in and out quickly too. Not much of wait either at all. My mom was relaxed there and I know she will go back again.  definitely consider the Eye Care Center I should've returned them but I was giving them a chance and now I'm disappointed I did"  never received a call or text they were in but I did receive a bill in the mail so I went to pick them up. The lady at the front desk ordered 2 boxes accidentally and made a huge deal about filing with my insurance. She wanted me to pay out of pocket for my boxes and then re-schedule another exam. OK "I only had an hour break in my work schedule to get my annual eye exam and a contact prescription.  I called on a Tuesday and was able to get an appointment for the next day.  Unfortunately that is where the good news stops! I made it clear during the initial phone call that I would only have an hour for my appointment.  I had to wait 5 minutes to check in due to both receptionists being busy.  I checked in and asked the receptionist whether I would be able to get done with this appointment within less than an hour.  She said that shouldn't be a problem and someone should be with me shortly.  20 minutes later  I asked any and every mommy I came across who their pediatrician was and I consistently heard great things about Arboretum Peds.  I have been very pleased working with them!  They fit us in when our daughter was only two days old for her first appointment and we've never had trouble getting appointments.  Our doctor is knowledgeable "Best Pediatricians in Charlotte.  My children have been going here since we moved to Charlotte 20 years ago. Always wonderful  taking into account the amount of time we still spend in California. We are thrilled to have found such a wonderful practice to take our son to. I wish I could give them 10 stars. It is clear they have my son's best interest in mind. They're all so caring Absolutely over the moon for this practice and so thankful for everything they have done for our son. Happy customers here."  make sure you call and make an appointment. This is my go-to nonprofit to donate my precious O negative. Save three lives Now I donate whole blood. The staff is always friendly and there is never too long of a wait. Parking and easy and the facility is very clean. And since you can only donate whole blood every 8 weeks or so Courteous staff and volunteers. Safe and efficient. In and out quickly. Very clean. "My wife and I donate blood and platelets every 6 weeks.  This is where we go and the people that work here are friendly  painless  donation process.  I love the ARC and this is my absolute favorite place to donat" I always feel better after donating. I feel like it's cleansing." Read more: http:  www.drugs.com cdi tussionex-pennkinetic-extended-release-suspension.html"  which is nice for the times when you decide you need to get checked out right away but still want to go somewhere familiar." Takes three times (at least) if you leave a message asking for a call back.  and his bed side manner is superb. I'd never want to trust anyone else with my care." What really upsets me is I was told they charge a normal dr co pay. I now have two bills one for 350 from the first dr. And one for 750 from the second. Same practice same reason double the amount. I don't get it." "We love Dr. Gunter and Dr. Lakin as well as some of the others we've seen. I hate the location though...nurses are always friendly. We moved since my daughter was born 8 years ago  i recomwmd University Pedatrics. The nurses are all ways friendly. We are regualrs for Dr.White and she is fantastic. ALWAYS very helpfull with answers we may have.  Tamara is always really nice when we take our little one in.  The rest of the staff are great as well..with checking and and checking out. Even the after hours staff are extrwmly helpfull. Keep up the AWSOME WORK." Changed practices due to poor care and dysfunctional scheduling. Dr. White was to rough with my child when checking her for a sick appointment. Would not recommend!  reliable and does a great job! When I leave there I am ready to put my best face forward. I feel less like a client but more like a friend. Customer for life!" "Sheila is great! I have been going to her for about a year now. She is always very professional Sheila is awesome. She is kind and professional. I've been working with her for about 2 months and love the friendly atmosphere she provides in her office. Sheila is patient and I feel great after a session with her. She always keeps me laughing and distracted while she works. Going back again. Don't expect great results no matter how much money you spend.  Kim will only try to talk you in to more treatments and when you get little results there is always an excuse.  There are several places in the Madison area that offer similar services and actually spend time with you versus allocating the smallest amount of time possible in order to make the most money.  It's similar to an assembly line.  I recommend that you shop around.  when I complained I was informed that this was actually my fault for not following their recommended skin care regimen.  6 months later I went to a dermatologist who prescribed triluma.  1 10th the cost  and that's exactly what happened.  The results exceeded my expectations and I'm very happy with it.  The worst of the dark spots are completely gone.  I still have some lighter brown spots Always have great service.  Feel like my eyes are checked very thoroughly.  I have never had a problem with glasses I bought from Brandon Eyes.  Great customer service too!  The staff and opticians are knowledgeable and competent as well as good natured and helpful!"   and I have been seeing him for years.   I am a nurse and I know what makes a good doctor........." "I had to have minor surgery on my foot for an ingrown toenail that had been bothering me for months (two trips to urgent care and two rounds of antibiotics didn't solve it). It could have been a really unpleasant experience I really like that they offer Optomap as an alternative to dilating your eyes. It isn't covered under insurance but the cost is well worth avoiding dilation eye drops in my book."  Dr. Radke's recommendation on changing contacts has changed my life! I can make it through the whole day without feeling my contacts  but that was with a 1 2 year's supply of contacts). I deducted one star because I asked her to write out my glass and contact prescription (which optometrists are required to do by law) "Extremely competent staff. Got me into the right contact lenses on the first appt. Everyone was friendly and I interacted with every employee on my first visit. They have a Middleton clinic as well  whatever that contraption is to measure my eye pressure is awful. There is no puff of air but to say you are going to ""tickle my eye"" is the understatement of the year.  Instead of scarring the crap out of me with air this little contraption sticks something in it  Amy and Robyn were all very professional and personable.  They were much more thorough than my previous optometrist."  but they put some drops in afterward which was supposed to help the dilation go away faster. Dr. Maursetter was very nice and explained the purpose of all the tests she was running. It's always helpful when a professional is explaining what they are doing instead of just doing something and leaving you wondering why they are doing it. She gave me some daily contacts to try since I had complained of dryness with the two week contacts. After wearing those for a week  even if the teeth are healthy.  You can relive getting lectured by your parents as they talk about the finer points of proper brushing from your vulnerable position strapped in a chair.  Few survive getting a filling but it is rumored that the experience is as pleasant as hearing fingernails on a chalkboard.  They are very talented in manhandling delicate gum tissue and patients are guaranteed a sore mouth for the rest of the day.  Customer service is second to none.  The office has evening appointments and if you are fortunate to schedule one you will be offered a once in a life time opportunity to come in earlier.  However if you are not able to get off of work and have to decline coming in early do not be surprised to get a call back from the receptionist informing you that your evening appointment is canceled because something unexpected has come up.  They like to provide service the old fashioned way so do not expect any state of the art technology.  Yes this place is highly recommended  for those looking for crap dentistry." I had a very pleasant experience at this dental office.  Front office staff was friendly and helped me figure out my new insurance.  Had one filling done and it wasn't bad at all!  lady...it's life. I'm going to live it.  Relax a little."  but had to cancel after I received a message that they had quoted incorrectly and the price would be much higher and would take up to 6-8 weeks.  Good selection of frames  it was a breath of fresh air to be greeted by Susan at Wisconsin Vision. She helped me pick out my frames and helped me save 100$  on my frames at the register. It was very affordable and enjoyable. I will return there for my next pair."  the people working there were extremely helpful and had very constructive input when helping me choose my frames. This is been the best experience I've ever had shopping for new glasses. It is usually a terrible chore that I don't look forward to  but Wisconsin Vision made the experience actually somewhat enjoyable. I will definitely return next time I need a full eye exam." All in all a great place to get your vision needs taken care of.  I would definitely recommend them."  and had a made the whole experience an absolute pleasure. I had not been to the dentist in 8+ years so I was nervous... They made me feel comfortable and I will definitely be coming back for cleanings and any future dental work. Very impressive."  and I'm actually looking forward to coming back and getting a couple of minor things fixed. Just a great experience all around. Thanks I wished we could stay longer in Madison so would not need to worried about finding a good dental office as Dental Health Associates East Clinic somewhere else."  and was typically notified via letter before the appointment so I knew how much I would owe. I recently went for a cleaning and was told I was due for x-rays. I then get a bill in the mail for $206. WHAT?!  I called the billing department assuming there was some sort of mistake. The woman in the billing department (who was NOT friendly at all) told me that I met my insurance limit. I said that if I would have known that I would never have allowed xrays to be done. She then said very abruptly that it was not the clinic's responsibility to know when people have reached their limits and that is on the patient.  oh really? so when I needed a $2 I had a lot of respect for this place. I've been going here for years and trusted them. Just lost all respect and credibility for this place. If anything at all UW Health Monona is the worst clinic in the world. I finally left after waiting an hour to see my doctor. They are incompent and don't care how much of their patients time they waste  but got perfectly good service. Amazing how people can be so thoughtless as to expect medical personnel to work on a rigid schedule--think about it dude." "I've taken my kids there for lab work and the clinic personnel are always very nice and professional.  It is not as busy as the bigger clinics  if your even 5 minutes late your skipped and have to reschedule. I've been with uw system now for about 2 yrs since my employers plan switched us from Dean.  And I have to say I miss dean so much. Better service Don't go in there sick...they don't have any answers for you.  and felt that it wasn't right for them to charge my insurance as I didn't get the service that I deserved. They wrote back and said they were going to ""waive"" my co-pay for that day Everyone here is always very nice and professional. Wait times are about what to be expected. Building is newer and clean.  and knowledgeable.  There's a reason DCD was voted one of the best workplaces in Madison several times - the staff is so helpful and nice.  I highly highly recommend them for any time you need a dentist!" So the next day on 3/24/16 I visited oak park dental. My hygenist there was very gental and understanding. She reassured me that plaque and tartar build up is very common and nothing to be ashamed of or grossed out about. The best part was when she told me that my entire mouth did not require a deep cleaning.  The dentist concurred. She also told me that I could get a regular cleaning only if thats what I wanted Please don't blame me for turning your daughter on to the idea that she too can be sexually active and safe. We ARE living in 2007." Way to address the sexy white elephant in the room." It really pisses me off to hear that there are now protestors hanging outside the clinic. Yay unbelievable...I am considering a lawsuit. I have never seen more unprofessional behavior."  the Champaign clinic recently got a complete remodel.  It's now a beautiful  i still got birth control prescribed to me.  do doctors have bad days?  i am sure they do.  do they sometimes have to take jobs they don't want to just to pay the bills?  i'm also sure they do that as well.  it certainly felt like that was the sort of doctor i was sitting with on those two occasions.  one that didn't want this job and was perhaps having a bad day.  bottom line is... it's not super professional.  it happens "I have been here for various services over the years whenever I was without insurance.  The staff aren't always the most professional people I've ever met  coldest people I have ever met in my life. THE STAFF IN CHAMPAIGN IS AMAZING. By far the best gynecology people i have ever been to. They are very sweet and understanding. The nurse practitioner went very slow and explained everything as she did it. AND SHE MADE CONVERSATION! She made me feel completely comfortable and safe  the pharmacy and PP over the course of A MONTH (which I had to pay out-of-pocket for my prescription) I finally got a letter in the mail from my insurance company saying ""Cannot renew prescription. Request of renewal denied by doctor"".  Thanks for helping me out PP I have been going to this location for a couple of years now. I have always loved the staff they go above and beyond for people. They were able to help me get a last min dr appointment when I needed it. As well as help forward a prescription in a hurry. I am sad to be moving away from the awesome people here. "Excellent and knowledgeable staff. Clean and comfortable location. Easy to make an appointment. Wide array of services and the staff are ready to answer any questions. They don't open earlier than listed times This place is filthy.  The doctor I had was completely negligent in correcting a problem she had created.  I found a doctor in Bloomington and had to undergo surgery to correct what was done terribly wrong while I was a patient at Christie Clinic.  but there are TVs tuned to depressing daytime programming in case you do. Take care of biz w/ your doc and you're off. If you were given a script "I don't go to the doctor all that often but when I need convenient care and don't want to argue the efficacy of antibiotics this is the place. My primary is here too and no hassles there either. Watch out though because they run their employees through some weird Orwellian cult crap so they will do all they can to make the doctors rich. ""Building wealth"" is a frickin pillar of their values. Just an FYI."  told me to stop drinking sugary coffee drinks (I don't. I hate them. I drink my coffee black. She just assumed I drink 700 calorie frappes.). She didn't even perform a full physical on me. Then I got a bill for $130 for five minutes of being talked down to and a TPR. I found another doctor who actually listened to me "This is a horrible place. Doctors want to charge you more and do some unnecessary test like CT  and she does not care. She gives the cold shoulder and the only reason I contact her is because I do not have a choice. I don't know what crime I committed in the eyes of God to be forced to talk to such evil. I pray you do not get her." My previous review was for Carle Hospital. Not sure how it showed up here. Please fix.  they actually DIAGNOSE you with multiple sclerosis even when it has not been confirmed by testing. Make sure you ask for a summary of your office visit and double check what they have written on there! Better yet Today was the last straw.  I love Dr Z but I am moving on after I get this set of scripts right.  At this point There are lots of other places in CU that can take care of your injury! Just save yourself lots of follow-up problems with billing and go to another place!" "Updating because I have had a year of outstanding service from Dr Zabaneh and his staff. They are friendly and professional and Dr Z.  Is very knowledgeable.   I highly recommend he and his staff.   Just for the record They really get you in & out of there quick! I didn't even have the chance to describe all of my symptoms! At least the doctor seemed friendly. Hopefully their quick assessment will yield some solutions.  I'd definitely go back. Maybe I will for those Armani frames." Will be going back next year." I was recently at this location and the staff there was friendly and courteous.  They helped me in all aspects of getting my glasses.  I was impressed with the knowledge and experience they have.  The nice lady who helped me named Suanne was willing to help me and concentrated on helping me fulfill my needs in finding the perfect frame.  I highly recommend this eye care place.  especially Dr. Sanders. She did my eye exam and it turned out that my prescription had not changed much at all. Dr. Sanders was very honest and told me that it was really up to me if I wanted to get new glasses because it was not really necessary.  I did not get new glasses this time  Dr Sanders was a really nice lady who knew what she was doing. The first set of lens gave me some irritation and i requested for a different pair of lens the next day and she attended to me immediately. Definitely a great experience and I would highly recommend this place."  I feel like I overpaid for these name brand glasses with lenses that are still too heavy and thick.  I've been wearing the glasses for 7 months now and they are uncomfortable and heavy on my face.  This experience has been so horrendous and I hate my glasses so much that I am seriously considering lasik surgery so that I never have to wear glasses again or have to deal with the hassle of getting cheated on a pair of glasses in the future." Quick service.  Friendly for the most part.  Doctor ( I think Johnson) is very knowledgeable and explains everything quite well. Dr. Sanders is excellent.  She was able to explain to me things about my eyes that I had been asking both optometrists and opthamologists without being able to get a clear answer.  She explained things to me in a way that I could understand and was patient in doing so.  I really appreciated that. "Dr. Sanders and her whole staff are prompt & go above and beyond.  It's not usual that a trip to the eye doctor is actually an enjoyable experience  especially if you are making Google Glass with prescription glasses!" The Crizal lenses that they sell craze so quickly and so easily and they were not willing to do anything about that issue that I have. I spent m It was such bad luck that I went to the location. I wish I never had known about the place." I got my first ever pair of contacts here and was able to get in same-day. The doctor was patient with me and made sure to get me the right pair that were comfortable for me. Would highly recommend - will be back for my next exam! :)"  but it was impossible to do so with plastic frames. She hardly adjusted them at all and said it was all she could do (she still charged me the $5 fee too). When I went home to Chicago  I'm extremely happy!"  and open to any questions.  Her office really has a good system down pat - I've always been seen on time and have never been left waiting in the exam room for more than a couple of minutes. All of my appointments have lasted around 30-40 minutes.  I really appreciate doctors who respect my time!"  I've been considering heading down to Champaign the next time I'm in the Chicago area just to have an eye exam from her. Things get done right the first time  which was the cause of my headache. I went to Illini Eye Care before but they did not test for that. The only issue is that I have to wait for ~ a week to get my new glass. So the best thing to do in my opinion is to get the exam here  and they have a terrific selection of glasses and contacts. They are great at helping to find a flattering and fashionable pair of glasses. You will have to wait for glasses (~1 week or more) "I love this place!  They have a good selection of frames incl. some very unique ones.  I especially like ""Linda"" who has fitted me several times and has an INCREDIBLE eye for what looks good on you xUgj_KF0-XRv_DBj96Yiaw  are expensive even with eyemed insurance. Sure eyemed insurance has a $20 co pay for lenses and $20 for frames and that sounds cheap. But when you include ""extras"" (which are necessary IMO) like anti-reflective coating and polycarbonate lenses the price goes up by A LOT. This wouldn't be so bad because I can shop around  I found frames that I really liked and I'm pretty picky. The optician and I talked about brands for a while and she told me she won't carry any with poor customer service or frequent issues. She told me this after I had chosen my frames and I had asked about another brand. It was a little more informal than I am used to at an eye doctor. All of the employees were wearing a uniform that consisted of a t-shirt with the office graphic on it and come of the instruments in the exam room actually had a layer of dust on them--dust! In a medical office! Still since most of the optometrist's tools are optics and were designed decades ago (for the most part) this really didn't bother me. Overall R7oNZOg09xgqLzbqzVQxvg But what I like best is just their professional atmosphere and care for their customers. All the workers really seem to know what they are talking about and are willing to spend as much time with you until your glasses are fitting correctly - even if they were not bought at Lenscrafter. =)" Their location is a bit elusive - you have to get in from outside the mall between Bergner's and the food court."  because they do have capable employees and their manufacturer is probably more to blame for the missing glasses.  My biggest complaint is that this location obviously lacks sufficient staff to man the floor and adequately serve the number of people that come in."  just don't come there because they don't like adjusting glasses that are not bought from there." They CAN be busy at times. Do yourself a favor and go in the evening on a weekday."  I called back & spoke to another girl who told me that Heather had already left for the day (imagine that!) & that she was with a customer & would call me back in 10 minutes. 20 minutes later I got a call from a guy who apologized & said that my glasses have been in for more than a few days & someone must've forgot to call me. Unbelievable. So  I was told by another associate that I also needed the after surgery cards that confirmed my surgery dates. I had not been told that I needed these cards on my first visit so I thought I would have to make a third trip to get my glasses. Zach stepped in to help and called my ophthamologist to get the dates over the phone. He works in the lab but he was working in the front office because they were short staffed. He literally saved the day for me. I would suggest to anyone who has a problem with getting their new glasses to ask for him if he is available. He is professional After I left extremely frustrated I took my script to all about eyes and they immediately sent my frames out to their lab and installed new lenses in a week! All for a fraction of the price." "I have gone to Lense Crafters several times. I have always been happy with their service until recently. My son is playing sports in the fall and will need contacts. I scheduled an appointment "I highly recommend go to this place if you have any form of chronic illness. Chinese herbs are the best solution to treat them. I had hives for more than 3 months Dr Ge has helped me twice with my health.  Very fast and great results.  Highly recommended!  there is no reason you should have these problems. I will give you needles and herbs and you will get better."" That statement has always become true for me." So.. As wonderful as the NP and the doctor are.. I want to feel comfortable and excited to walk into an office. And it just doesn't do it for me there." Moral of my review: They have done an excellent job handling a high-matainance *update--I called to see why they hadn't called me back to schedule my ultrasound and they acted like I was dumb--saying that they gave me the order to schedule it somewhere else. They basically lost my order and are going to research my situation and see what happened. I HAVE A LUMP ON MY BREAST and this is how they treat situations like this. I'm very disappointed." I would definitely recommend Dr. Johnstone and her practice to anyone.  It is true sometimes they run behind and you need to wait to be taken back for your appointment a little late.  I am not put off by this as I worked for Social Security for approximately 8 years and I understand what it's like to fall behind when giving your full time and attention to each individual as they deserve.  Also I never imagined my labor experience would be so amazing. For that  but I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt because maybe she was having a bad day. After making my appointment I received a call a few days later that it needed to be rescheduled because the doctor was taking that day off. The lady on the phone was not apologetic about the inconvenience as I had already planned to take the day we had arranged off from work. I had an appointment scheduled at 5:30 pm however due to bad traffic I was running late. I called to let them know and no one answered so I left a message. When I arrived the receptionist at the desk was rude again and told me that because I was  little late the doctor could not see me. I tried to explain that when I called no one answered and she again was rude and unapologetic. I am currently looking for another OBGYN." "Not going to lie...my first trip here I was not impressed. I didn't like the medical assistants because they were not very friendly with you as well as the front desk. But when you get back with Dr.Johnstone you are good (: My first trip was for a new patient consult. My second and more enjoyable experience was for my well woman exam. Dr. Johstone is AMAZING. She makes you feel welcome  she is kind and asks questions about my family just to get to know me. I feel very comfortable going here and I would recommend it to anyone."  she was just taking notes on the Patient info sheet I filled out.  She breezed through a low quality ultrasound and I had to ask her for pics which were blurry and barely even worth printing when I saw them.  She explained that I would be going to a different facility in 2 weeks for the ultrasound and then go back to their office for the check up which I wasn't happy about having to go to multiple places but understood.  When she finished I had to ask her about the results of the UA since I told her I felt like I may have a UTI  ever have I been so appalled. A woman calls and says she has breast pain and isn't sure if she should come in and this is how the front desk responds!! I'm outraged and waiting for someone to call me back from the office. I think Dr. Johnstone has the right to know how the front desk is treating her patients." I rescheduled but after this I plan to never go back.  Most unpleasant service from the beginning and from the reviews  I admit it is very difficult to find doctors with great bed-side manners out here in Phoenix.  I can't pinpoint why doctors out in the west seem so irritated until I met Dr. Sharon Thompson.  She is down to earth I'm sad to say that the experience I mentioned in my review here at Central Phoenix was not the only one I had. Any time I called to make appt's or ask a question I was greeted with rudeness and uneducated answers. I don't think the staff here was equipped to answer medical questions nor had any idea who to direct the call to. They once billed an appointment to the wrong doctor and made me write a letter to my insurance to try and clear it up. Another time I asked to speak with someone regarding a medical question and the girl refused to let me talk with anyone. So glad this nightmare is behind me."  Dr. Thompson ran over and gave me a big hug and both her and Dr. Dern came over to comfort and reassure me. It was seriously the best experience at a doctor I've ever had I was assigned to a new doctor.  The lady that took over for her seemed nowhere near as caring and was more concerned with training the young lady observing her in the room than with answering my questions and taking care of me.  Keep in mind Overall- I refer everyone. Along with that I let them know that she's going to yell at you but instead of feeling insulted... laugh it's worth it." Be proactive in dealing with the staff (there are only two of them) and don't allow them to shift blame to you or others for their mistakes." That is old fashioned medical care and service. I haven't even been to the office yet and I am already giving five stars. Impressive."  if quality of care was the only component she would have 10 stars of out of 5 but scheduling is a misery.  When I can schedule an appointment at leisure I have resorted to fax a request since the voicemail is always full and it is so hard to get the staff to answer the phones.  The front office staff run hot and cold as well - sometimes caring and willing to go the extra mile for appointment coordination and at other times snarling.  I appreciate them as people and realize the stress they are under MR's review was spot-on. I've been seeing Dr. Shafran for almost (10) years. She will remind you of a Judge Judy. She may seem abrasive but she's a great doctor who does not like to see her patients in pain. Office staff work well together- what you see is what you get. Not for the meek at heart.  good luck reaching them on the phone. That I can live with though. What really upset me is the bill I received 2 months later for $7500 from an out of network urinalysis that Dr. Shafran had ordered without consulting me first. She asked me to pee in a cup which I thought was normal enough for a doctors visit. Next thing I know I'm getting billed for $7500 for around 30 drug tests off of about a shot glass of my piss. Luckily I had really good health insurance at the time and they ended up covering the cost even though it was out of network because I had no control over what had happened. I can't believe this office would send out a test that cost this much and was of absolutely no relevance to my case. Bottom line don't pee in the cup." I highly suggest him to anyone looking for a new doctor. He is routinely listed in Phoenix magazine's ""Top Docs"" issue and always has surpassed my expectations." "I can say nothing but good things about dr. Dedinksky and his staff. They are like no other dr that you normally go to. Their service is excellent. Easy to get appointments "I have been a patient of Dr Dedinsky for over 3 years now.  I really like the time he takes during physicals and visits.  He is thorough and practical in his approach.  His office staff are competent I have been a patient for over three years and have never been so satisfied with the service and care given to me. This is by far the best change a person could make regarding their health. Can you say 'COMPLETE' physical?? There's no greater comfort than knowing your health is in good hands and your Doctor has your back. Thanks Doc!!! "I have been a patient of Dr. Dedinsky's since 1997.  I wouldn't think of going anywhere else.  I told him that he can't ever retire!  He listens.  He remembers.  He cares.  And his diagnoses are always right on target.  I love his office staff (Tracy and Imelda).  Both are always so cheerful and helpful when I call in.  If I need to see Dr. Dedinsky immediately "I started visiting this place in summer of 2008. Folks are always professional and friendly. I never feel rushed at this place. I've been working with Dr. David Drewitz and he always greets with a smile  I receive a dang near $200 bill (after insurance pays their part and note how quickly THAT arrived vs. how slow the follow up was) and after paying $350 out of pocket for a CT scan. So $550 of my hard-earned- and- not- easily- come- by savings later "I made my first visit here in November 2013. I found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating. I was very happy with my visit with Dr. Mills. I can tell that he thinks critically about all the information I provide This place works with another doctor service (A2ZHome) and they made the appointment without any knowledge to my father (an 81 year old very sick man).  We got a nice little bill in the mail for $25 because we had no knowledge of this appointment only the robot call the day before that I then called the answering service and told them to leave a message that we would NOT be there.  My father was just to weak and sick to leave the home.  But I guess that doesn't matter.  I have been in the medical profession for 20 year and NEVER got a bill for a no show.  I guess they need lunch money.  Not quite sure how they are as doctors but I know they are not the ones we will ever see.  and thoroughly explains the different options you have available. Dr. Plotnik is a MUST-SEE for kids with eye issues!"  but the place is absolutely filthy. I want to sanitize my girl and not let her touch anything while in the waiting rooms.  The staff is a bit on the unprofessional side as well.  This is a professional medical office...not a gym."  individualizes every treatment plan which is a positive! One doctor said my son was too young for contacts  or clinic in town. If you need Cardio services this is where you should go."  walk this way"" walked so fast I had no Idea where she even went then came out of a room and says "" I said this way!"" Then she starts talking to me about my health problems while we were still in the hall... I almost felt like she was on drugs... The Doctor finally came into the room.  He had the worst bedside manner I have ever seen! He did not want to hear any of my symptoms. He wanted to run all sorts of test... how did he now what i needed? He was suppose to be one of the "" top docs' at the institute...  When we were done  one who actually listens and has the courtesy to at least wait until I leave to snort and laugh about whether or not you can believe this chick.  I would never ever return to this place  and getting yelled at later when you want your test results sent to your primary care doctor  reflux in the vein and blood clots.  Dr. Ravi was professional and took great care of me.  His entire staff was helpful and professional.  My wait times were never long.  I hope to never have these issues again but if it occurs I will be going back to the heart institute to be take care of." Wake up Dr. Moffitt..it's 2012 almost 2013!  I was surprised you were open to having an african american as a receptionist.  Very progressive!!" I went through IVF with Dr Moffitt at ARMS. He was Amazing! I got OHSS after my egg retrieval and Dr Moffitt called me every few hours on the weekend to check on me. We ended up waiting to do the transfer till the OHSS cleared. The transfer work on the first try and we are now 24 weeks pregnant with boy/girl Twins! I can not tell you how grateful we are to Dr Moffitt and the staff of ARMS "I found this provider on my BCBS of IL website where it showed he specialized in andrology (male hormone & infertility).  I called his office and his staff stated that he primarily treats women and couples "Dr. Ladin listened to my feedback and admitted to an initial misunderstanding of my situation.  He apologized several times (remarkable for a doctor).  Far to early to evaluate results or longer term care but he obviously knows his subject.  I am looking ahead with some  confidence.  Understandably I cannot expect a ""cure"" but only management which makes his work seem less successful."  and is an uncaring person. I had to go to ANOTHER doctor for treatment! He told me nothing was wrong with me. Then I read his dictation and I HAVE A HERNIATED DISC! But he hid it for a large corporation. Apparently that's what he does. They pay him to keep silent. I NEVER asked for pain medication yet was treated poorly. I would NEVER recommend ANYONE go here for help with their pain. This man cares NOTHING about your pain. Show up crying and telling him your symptoms. He speaks to you for 3 min (after you waited for an hour in the waiting room). He's all about charging your insurance to make a buck. He --DOES NOT-- care about the patients WHATSOEVER. DO NOT GO HERE!!!!! I would give him NO stars!" It's always funny when you're at a clinic or something and hear someone screaming in pain.  A guy down the hall was having some stitches taken out and was cussing up a storm.  :)  He walked out before me "Very friendly guy and great bedside manner.  Staff was nice...but never called me back about scheduling surgery.  That was probably a good thing since it pissed me off and I found someone else...and that doc told me what my real problem was...that I had foot deformities.  Dr. Harlan just chimed in with the same old thing podiatrists have been telling me since I was a pre-teen.  So "I am surprised by the reviews.  Dr. Harlan and his then partner saved my badly damaged ankle in 2006.  After recovery and until now I am pain free.  I have been back to see him on a couple of foot issues and after following his advice r1sLMV2DfDfJZ8HJMzKhow They have quality therapy people and many good and solid people working there that have a genuine concern and compassion for the clientele they serve. The problem is that it is not adaquetely staffed in numbers in the units. NURSES are more concerned with having power and control because they can rather than help. The administration is more concerned in the financial matrix rather than support their staff and that is both Nurses and Techs as well. Sadly there is a minority number of people on staff that are basically lacking of social skills and professionalism that bring down the quality of the work environment. I do not enjoy giving this rating and the caution to NOT work there but for the small minority that bring it down I have to give this low score. I hope that soon it can become a place that is a recommend work environment to work in. When I was released I looked like a totally different person. Like a beggar. I ran out of there as quick as possible. They tried to get me to fill out a survey but words cannot describe or a survey cannot say what a horrible experience I had in this place." Always had something condescending to say. He was arrogant as well and spoke down to every patient. He has NO business working with mentally ill patients. I am only brushing the surface here with this guy. I will never ever go back to this horrible place." Take the good with the bad.  A great doctor who will listen and take the time to get to know you personally...and the less than helpful staff."  professional.  And his Medical Assistant Kara is the perfect compliment.  Staff always helpful and considerate..." After some research we found Dr. Garn at the Dobson Location! All I can say is that we love him and we actually look forward to seeing him for our 6 month check ups. He spends a lot of quality time with us making sure we know exactly what the latest update is on Heather. He seems very thourough and doesn't want to just go in and do a ""heart cath"" which we are grateful for! Staff is great and wait times are minimal compared to otehr places."  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Dr. Stock.  We have the utmost confidence in him." "Good experience.  The dr was very detailed.  I wasn't 100% comfortable with the sonographer "Ditto on the sonographer!  She seemed super irritated because my 6 month old son was crying and upset the whole time.  We were all super nervous and uncomfortable and she did not help the situation at all.  The actual doctor and nurse (Kristy I think) were great but the sonographer lady really rubbed me the wrong way.  He's a baby with no shirt on laying in a cold room with a stranger messing with him!  Of course he's going to cry!  Learn some bedside manner and help console him not say things like ""can't you give him a binky or somethin?"" NO!  He doesn't take a binky!" Dr Stock is AMAZING! We are so glad that he branched out on his own so we don't have to pay the ridiculous faculty fees anymore. I have 100% confidence with him for my daughters cardiac care. He is so patient answering all my questions. You couldn't ask for a better cardiologist for your child. My only complaint is that I wish he could be my cardiologist too! "Dr. Stevens is a fantastic surgeon.  He has performed over 400 spinal surgeries and came highly recommended by volunteers and staff at Scottsdale Healthcare - Dr. Stevens corrected my 62 degree scoliosis curve.  The surgery was further complicated by the fact that I had severe osteoporosis in my lumbar spine.  If Dr. Stevens was not as experienced and knowledgeable as he is Dr Stevens is arrogant:   i was extremely ill when I had a consultation with him. I had quite a few questions to ask about my situation.  Dr. Stevens kept writing and wouldn't look me in the eye when he deigned to answer my questions.  He kept looking at his notepad.  Damn it:  stop writing  and disrespectful.  Her direct quotation when I asked about arthritis was "" the only way to stop arthritis is to die"".  I am a very experienced health care provider and she acted annoyed with my questions JTiqc8D0MJpYbnObHuNA9w It's $22 people. Think customer service." I've been mis-diagnosed many times by Dr. Austin. The wait is ALWAYS an hour or two and you have to keep calling the office to get results. If you are looking for a great doctor  she's an amazing caring Dr. Only see her a couple times a year but it's always a pleasant visit. Thank you Dr. Austin!" "Dr Austin is wonderful! i'm so glad i found her and that she diagnosed my ""anxiety"" as me being thyrotoxic and saved me from what could've been a very scary situation"  takes her time and doesn't rush you out the door but at the same time doesn't keep you waiting in the waiting room. She's courteous and kind but professional and knowledgeable at the same time. She's always willing to look things up when she isn't sure and not just make  snap judgments and stick to them  she takes the time to listen and does not rush you out the door.  I would and have recommended her practice to others.  She truly cares about her patients." One small complaint...they take the whole thanksgiving weekend off. Although there is someone always on call Excellent group of physicians!  they had me wait an hour to get the shot and then tell me I should have peed in a cup (nobody told me that???). I go to pee in a cup and then have me wait another 20 minutes to make sure I'm not a leper. Get it together!" There is no way I would let someone who can't even take the time to make sure basic documents are completed properly deliver my child.  An expectant mother needs someone who pays attention to details. If this is how they handle the little parts of pregnancy then I don't even want to think about how they handle the bigger parts. I urge ALL mothers to reflect upon this information when considering Southwest Women's Care as their OB of choice."  care or follow up and I am really unhappy that it did not work and if I want to try it again I have to pay another 3400. They should charge half so you can have it done twice just in case and they should let you rest after instead of okay your done get out." The quality of the care at SWCWC is unparalleled. I highly recommend this practice." Love this group of practitioners and the care provided. Can't imagine actually being sick or super preggo and dealing with these types of issues!  Thus "After taking the glucose test I was recently diagnosed with gestational diabetes.  The day I found out I had missed a call from the office on my cell phone.  They had not left a message so I was curious and called back.  I was transferred to the triage nurse because my doctor and assistant were not available to speak.  The triage nurse informed me that I had gestational diabetes and needed to go to a class..  I asked if I could speak with a doctor regarding the results because I was very upset.  I was informed a doctor would call me back.. The doctor never called My appointment was at 3:30 pm. I've arrived at 3 pm. Now its 3:53 pm and they are busy. I wouldnt consider this a horrible place. The place is clean and they have enough admins to clear the guest area for paperwork but its going slow today.  and explained everything that was going on. I don't know why nobody at Southwest could do this for me. feel much more comfortable and confident in my new OBGYN's care. My new OBGYN informed me that I did have other options  and took her time in explaining what I needed and wanted to know. I was initially skeptical about not seeing an actual MD at first It has been almost three years and I am still haunted by the awful experience I had with this group. Please please please consider looking elsewhere." I love love love my doctor! This a great clinic! Dr. Wilson is the BEST!! He sits down and really listens to you and cares about each person! He sees a lot of cousins and my sister in law as well and we all LOVE him! Happy with the care received. Nice clean office. Nice friendly staff. They allow kids in the visits which was great for me.  both during my pregnancy and hysterectomy. I am still a patient and recommend others to Southwest as well."  it was like I was being talked at. I had a lot of questions because this was my first pregnancy and she made me feel stupid. On top of that she was very insensitive. I was given two completely different answers which made me not trust these people. A few days later I miscarried. I never used more than 2 pads in a day "This is seriously the best experience I've had coming to a new doctor in a long time! The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The environment of the office was very nice and comfortable. Once the nurse practitioner came in  I met a guy from my highschool there and we are best-o-friends still. (15yrs later) We were the only ones there that were not drunk  but in reality its just another stunt by the government to rob people of their money and time. Most everyone assigned to this program cant even afford it which puts them in a even worse situation. The goverment pulls this crap cuz they know they can and piss people off more which in turn makes most situations worse. For the people who can relate for getting in ""trouble"" for the smallest thing and have to at least pay $1 I went to a different facility where they are professional and where they test every few months at their expense."  no ticket and now I have to jump through hoops to avoid a class 6 felony on my record.  FUCK AZ AND FUCK TASC"  MBI.  However any lawyer will  tell you TASC can do no wrong in the courts eyes. Their ""non profit"" status I'm  guessing. But as I said I had .2 of weed in my car. ($5) my option was either be tried with a class 6 felony or do this and have NOTHING on my record. Either pay the government 1000$ and have no record or be a felon with a record. Totally makes sense right? Government corruption at it's worst.  they will refuse service to you. That includes people who were required to test by the courts  they completely botched it.  The lazy ""dr"" or evaluator (whatever credentials they have to fill out forms that could possibly ruin lives) well she just filled in the blanks on someone else's form instead of starting a new one.  So half the info on there was someone else's.  I'm a 30 yr old white female w no kids and have been sober for quite some time.  The eval said I was a pregnant black male for starters.  Not to mention a bunch of resent drug abuse that was not true. This got sent to a judge which assumed I was the incompetent one and had to pay for a second eval somewhere else outta state! Ok great people make mistakes.  All down hill from there.  Rude staff and years after I took the classes needed for probation they call and say they never set my completed classes to my po.  Which could put me prison.  So I had to come down and fill out release forms for something that should have been handled.  Very disappointing our lives are left in the hands of people who only care about the $ and not rehabilitation.  If they cared about the people they would t have said to me ""if I don't send you to any classes  it is no surprise that they have so many repeat offenders - this program is nothing more than a formality and complete joke. They do not care about your recovery This location is way better than the new location and 32nd St. and Greenway. 32nd St. and Greenway location is wide open there's no barrier between you and the person and there was a crackhead talking the whole time and I just cannot P this idiot talking so for privacy reasons this location is way better and is way more comfortable "I love this doctor.  He was so thorough.  He took his time and asked all kinds of questions. He diagnosed my problem and solved my issues when my regular doctor could not.   His office is old school.  Charts are paper  no credit/debit cards (and the receptionist may or may not tell you when you make your first appointment). Everything is on paper  post and during :)  This practice has been around for 20+ years and has had a great reputation for quailty care for many years."  I basically had to beg the central scheduling office to find me an appointment quickly because their next opening was way later than I wanted... she was mildly helpful but eventually got me in to a farther location after another person cancelled their appointment." This place is amazing and the service they provide is top notch. Staff is very sweet and the 3D pictures you get of your baby are amazing. The price is very affordable and if your thinking about going..... Do it! Review is based on a billing issue.  I called PNA before going in for blood work and an NT scan to get a quote on the price. I was quoted around $400 for both and the girl said they are not too expensive.  When I received my bill it was for $786.00.  I am very upset that I was billed almost twice what they quoted me.  I would not have gotten the procedure done if I had been quoted the actual price I was charged.  The actual appointment and procedure was a positive experience.  dr and nurses take the time to really get to know you. The wait times aren't that bad. They tell you your appointment time as the check in time so you are not late which is awesome. I'm having to come here twice a week for monitoring of my baby. I have never waited longer than 15/20 minutes. Everyone is so friendly and helpful. I would recommend this high risk dr office to anyone that needs to see a high risk dr." We have been here twice now and we have left both times with huge smiles on our faces! The wait times were minimal and the entire staff was amazing! The tech took her time with us and never once made us feel rushed and was very informative. i am a talker and she listened and answered all my  questions and was very sweet to us. We had the pleasure of having her both times too!!! She had remembered us from our last appt from 6 weeks previous and was referring to things we had talked about last time. She even tired to get us specific pics for a cute frame we had bought. She was GREAT!!! I would def recommend PPA to everyone! They have been nothing but wonderful to us.  I would never recommend it to anyone. Their doctors are smarts but that is about it. Don't rely on them scheduling you correctly. Very Very disappointing." ""A life is a life no matter how small"" and as mothers we need to fight and advocate for our babies."  me and my partner were shocked. Nobody needs surprises when they're going through a loss late in the second trimester. I would never place trust into the awful PPA again. ( I've been to 3 locations and the doctors at each have been incompetent )"  takes whatever time the patient needs.  He never seem to be in a hurry to move on to the next patient if YOU need more time or explanation.  He is available for questions  but am now no longer exited. I gave them a memory stick of thousands of pages of records and waited 3 weeks for them to review and help my very ill partner. I dragged him in there and sat down to see the nurse practitioner who didn't know how to open the files and after wasting an hour of our time she says. "" I need one of the drs to look at this and that was over a week ago and still no word. It really really sucks that there is no urgency in healthcare for all the money on the planet and that's very sad and disturbing." Why hire someone to work your front desk when they're 1) Rude 2) Don't know anything about insurance?!?" "Dr. Harry S. Tamm is my FAVORITE doctor. He got to the root of my mysterious headaches by really listening to me. He gave me time to ask questions and he answered them in detail with patience and friendly wit. I knew I had been repeatedly misdiagnosed (FYI - I am a former front office receptionist in a doctor's office.)" "I love these people. I see Stacy the physicians assistant most of the time. She is wonderful and is a great listener. I do not have insurance and they give generous discounts for self pay patience. The staff is wonderful . And the man who takes my money at the end makes me feel good about it "My husband and I visited them recently because he was experiencing chest pains.  It felt great to speak with someone who listened patiently and not make us feel like they're ready to bolt out the door the second they walk in the room.  We felt like we were important.  And all are questions were answered to a satisfaction.  Now Good job Pulmonary Associates !" "My husband had an appointment for 10:40 am for a shape test. We waited for over an hour before he finally was called!! He asked what was going on after 45 minutes and was told"" you know you are here for only a breathing test."" What did that have to do with anything.??? When he finally got called after we were ready to leave  if nothing more than for the hair dryer and anti fungal powder tip.  I don't believe my hemorrhoids will ever be so out of control painful that I'll need surgery again." AAazGTDRjpQubRQlgn2q7g  professional & efficient! The doctor that performed my surgery was amazing. I had issues with my deductible & they worked out a payment plan with me with no issues. My nurse Lauren was amazing! I hope I never have to go here again lol but if the situation ever arises I would not hesitate to contact them! Keep up the great work!!!!" Visited the Mesa location. Dr Nguyen was great but his staff not so much. The nurse had to mention to my son that his sister was his half sister. That did not have to be stated at all! That's irrelevant. Now I have to explain to an 8 year old how and why his sister is a half sister. That is really unacceptable!!! My son has seen Dr Ritchey since birth. Everyday we are thankful that he came into our life.  We are confident with his abilities and consistently have seen his extraordinary care and dedication (to patients and parents as well!).  He honestly changed our lives!  and that has been planned out for a future date. I'm not looking forward to it TxbagW2dooKp_MIMQEAmpA  has been completely unresponsive to my requests to speak with her. I have been calling about once a week for a month and even tried and a fax and letter via snail mail but have yet to get any kind of response to my billing question. Unfortunately this experience has soured my overall view of the practice."  i was seen by Dr. Michael Esmay.  Everyone had great customer service and generally positive attitudes.  I was very impressed and everyone was polite with great bedside manner."  and about 90 minutes of something to do while you wait for the appointment they so aggressively compelled you to show up for 20 minutes early."  the service was great but the billing process I've gone through after going here has been confusing and is disappointing."  all the paperwork was in order and made sense. I was given an estimate as to how much I would end up paying after everything is done and what all the different bills would be. The staff was so friendly and caring and made sure I had everything I needed before getting my endoscopy. Dr. David was great and it took no time at all." Dr Comption is the most unprofessional Dr he is so uninterested in his pachents care. He did work on my leg and did not follow up. When i saw him he told me to go to another douctor. My only thought was why did he take me on and charge me for something he could not do. He is so cold and the office is like a zoo. Do not use him. He should be taken out of the medicsl professionan  BAD NEWS MAN  60's) in this center and we should have taken our first impressions and avoided them forever. The doctors are way too busy to provide any real patient care. After a visit Travis is very nice and helpful Won't recommend this place to anyone." Dr. Salyer was my doctor and he was great!  He took the time to explain why I was having shoulder problems.  I had x-rays and the x-ray techs were nice and friendly.  I had two cortisone injections and it fixed me right up.  I would recommend Dr. Salyer for anyone looking for a good orthopedic doctor.  caring and professional. If you have to have an outpatient surgery or procedure The staff wasn't that courteous."   I'm so grateful for people who dedicate their lives to helping folks.  God bless em all!  What can I say Took my brother here for a surgery a few months back. Very friendly staff without having to weight very long. He was in and out in no time. Nurses and surgeons did a great job. Not a bad place to be taken care of in.  if you're there as a trauma patient you'll be well taken care of. This is definitely the old style of hospitals though newly remodeled. lots of parking! Also known as county.  if not the best hospital in Phoenix! Before discharging him the doctors made follow up appointments for him to make things simpler for us. Thanks to the nursing staff and doctors at MIHS." "The Burn center is top tier in the nation. Staff works hard. Very compassionate Very professional. Don't let the title ""County Hospital"". Get in the way of forming an opinion. They are VERY GOOD at what they do. Patients are in very good hands there."  but with that in mind I still say that they give the best service that they can and they do care. MIHS is a nice hospital and trauma center. All things considered So i  will do my best on avoiding the ED"  doctors and administrative staff. Amanda and Katie are THE BEST nurses I could have ever imagined having. Hannah and Renee in therapy are the sweetest and most helpful and encouraging people. I still have a long road to recovery ahead of me  the nurse that was helped me during her shift made me feel comfortable as possible. I'll never forget how sensitive she was and cared for me. I highly recommend this hospital ."  it was not a nurse it was a DOCTOR. I really liked that. I told her that I had gallstones so she order a ultrasound. They took me to the ultrasound shortly after she left. I didn't have to wait more than 30 minutes or so until she came in with the results. She told me I had to do surgery immediately because so many stones were blocking the tube and that could cause a serious infection. She then send the surgeons so they could talk to me. They gave me the option of choosing weather to do the surgery the next day or book an appointment He is a specialist.  Very professional & in my case it  wasn't easy to fix me but he does not give up.  I used two other Urologist's plus the Mayo Clinic.  I do remember Dr. Swanson from the Mayo Clinic but for me he was a joke.  Nothing like The  Expertise of Dr. Brito.  I use to go to downtown Phoenix & North Scottsdale to see Dr. Brito.  I live in Queen Creek.  If I need him again I will drive far it doesn't matter when you find a great Doctor.  would recommend him to anyone."  and told that if I needed to talk with her or the Doctor I'd need to make an appointment...Needless to say after being treated so badly by the staff  I'm following her. She's the best Crotch Doctor I've ever had!"  I was hoping to establish a relationship with an OBGYN here in the Valley so that I already have a trusting relationship with a doctor when my husband and I decide to have a baby. I was a happy patient of my last doctor for 12 years.  I scheduled my first appointment at this practice as a new patient and was seen by Whitney Padgett. It has always been my understanding that standards of care require doctors to actually see a patient if it is his or her first time going to a specialist. I was a bit shocked that I was seen only by Whitney and never a doctor at all  and told me i probably have a pituitary tumor!!!!!! WTF!!! who does that?? she hadnt even done a routine exam at that point. and then told me i didnt know what i was talking about. such a rude rude rude woman. they more interested in doing more labs to make money than anything. so after my horrible experience with that hag i had to deal with the car dealer finance lady who decided to then charge me new patient prices which is more than existing and more than what was agreed upon on the phone. they new and admitted they told me one thing and then made me pay another . they really are rotten people and i hate when people get into any kind of health care knowing people are ailing but they dont have the temperment to deal with it long term so they walk around like a bunch of grumpy sourpusses in the office and make patients coming in with issues feel like we're a burden! isn't that what they signed up for??? try to be a little kinder rude ladies  I think I want to have a baby with Dr. Cyr now. Wait.. that's not quite what I meant... anyway  etc. Whitney did the bare minimum for my history and exam.  I was seen for a preventative exam and also had a small issue at the time. When I was billed it was for a comprehensive preventative exam as well as a level 4 visit. I didn't think one little test and prescription constituted a high-level office visit. When I called to get clarification "I feel like this place doesn't have as good of reviews as it should so I figured I would add in my two cents. I love Central Phx Women's Health. More specifically The building is not well-marked from the Osborn side so go a bit early the 1st time." My sister was treated so rude. I called the front desk in a very professional manner to address the issue and see what was going on and how to resolve it.  Instead of her treating me like a human being she decided to be VERY rude and unprofessional with me as well. Every question I would ask she would say she's not gonna argue to me. I didn't think we were arguing. She was so rude that I had to ask if I could speak to someone else who could speak with me professionally (I thought this was automatic at a business. Why did I have to ask?) There was NO MANAGER available until Monday so I guess until then they can treat people however they want. I've never been to the office but the way I was treated only over the phone is a good enough reason for me to never step foot in this office. If you want to be treated disrespectfully and not like a  human being then go there. Otherwise go somewhere else. I still can't believe there was no manager to speak with. I would give zero stars if given the option. Whitney is by far the best I have every had as far as doctors go. She answered all my questions and made what is usually an awkward visit seem comfortable and quick. The office staff are very nice. I would recommend them to anyone looking for an obgyn . I wouldn't trust anyone else in Pho with my gyn needs"   since the office gets busy.  Dr. Cyr  booked my follow-up appointment next month over her lunch so that I don't have to take another day off of work (school holiday).  Seriously  all of the staff were very friendly and professional.  I never had a bad experience there!" 4/5/2016- I'd like to add an update: The ""Office Manager"" called me after my loss and told me that my insurance would cover my procedure. I explained to her that Arizona State law does not allow ANY insurance provider to cover a D & E procedure under any circumstance  they create one with the rudeness. Its happened one too many times and we are now looking for new OBGYN. Somebody needs to talk some sense into the staff(front desk  she's a wonderful gynecologist. She makes you feel comfortable in a not so comfortable situation. She's very knowledgeable and helpful. I would definitely recommend her. Glad to have found someone who I can count on for years to come!" This place is so great! The staff is very knowledgeable and super friendly. Dr. Gibson is honestly one of the best doctors I have ever encountered. She is really personable and genuinely cares about you and your baby. I can't express how much I truly have enjoyed my experience at this establishment. Oh and have a question about billing? No problem. Just walk down the hall and talk to someone face to face and get a thorough explanation and help with any of your questions. Love it! Can't wait to meet my little boy! Thank you everyone at Central Phoenix Women's Healthcare... "I moved to the area at about 25 weeks pregnant and starting looking for a new OB right away. My first appointment at a different clinic wasn't exactly what I wanted. A friend of a friend raved about Dr Cyr and I made an appointment to get in the very next day and have loved going there ever since! The billing department has been great to work with me during my insurance complications. Dr Cyr is exactly what I wanted in an OB  since I am a bit of a skeptic. I have another appointment for one week and I can't wait!" I also looked into the herbal medicine side for some other issues and this is very impressive.  I received my first herbal formula It was definitely a very professional and informative visit.  I waited 55 minutes in the outer office to have a 5 minute examination. Wonder how much they charged my insurance for that?" "Thank you to the amazing staff at Phoenix Skin for taking such amazing care of my Dad. My Dad had questionable moles and was referred to Phoenix Skin by his Primary Physician. Dr. Laris and his staff were professional yet comforting. Dr. Laris took his time with the examination. He explained what he was doing every step of the way and then walked us through what the next steps would be. My father  as well as an artistic and cutting edge approach to keeping your skin young and beautiful "I have held out for awhile going to the dermatologist because of some bad experience's in the past. I found this place online and decided to take the risk. I ended up with Dr. Fermento and I couldn't have had a better experience. She listened to all of my questions/concerns and I felt very comfortable. The staff was very polite 1_ksgP_VSwFx0yBUAV3T4A  I recently lost my job and Dr lee did everything she could and helped me accomplish my goals without having to hound in the insurance company! It has been a week since my procedure and you would never known the improfections were there! Thank you soo much! THE results are SO greatt and truly appreciate your help!"  but would like to get rid of some scarring and big pores). Since I'm not getting any cosmetic services like botox or restylane I only see a PA. My PA is Katherine Haworthe and she is amazing. She worked with me to find the right regimen for my sensitive face. I also religiously come every 5 weeks to get a chemical face peel to help minimize my acne scarring and huge pores. Haworthe takes the time to answer questions I have and is always on time when I come in. I recently got my moles checked and she did a great job recording and taking pictures of every mole I have to monitor it. The office staff is great and it is really easy to make an appointment in person or over the phone. Will be a customer here for years to come :)" "I was referred to this office by my general doctor to have a cyst removed on my arm. After THREE visits  Ultherapy (amazing results) and recently filler.  I was very reluctant and nervous to have filler but he was conservative and skillful.  I am thrilled with the results.  Between the Ultherapy and filler I feel like 7 years have come off.  I highly  surgical coordinator  in phoenix skin care. I tried to schedule an appointment with her but when ever I tried to call her all the time it went to voicemail and even called the help desk to schedule an appointment with her but of no help.  I went to phoenix skin after lot of research and good reviews but of no use. If they won't care about their patients why would I recommend phoenix skin care please avoid Phoenix skin care."  explained to me the face wash and moisturizers that I should be using... And I can not believe the difference.  I was over washing my face and using too many products drying out my skin causing more breakouts.  The extra 5 minutes he spent with me going over the basics made a world of difference in my skin.... The staff here is always great as well!!  I only get one face don't go here for tattoo removal because their technician knows not what she does. :( :(" I've been going here for treatments for the past four years. Appointments are always on time! "I received thorough a consultation on the available options for my melasma.  I am so happy to have found a decent dermatologist office after a horrendous experience elsewhere .  I went from a wicked witch and her ugly henchman to a bit more pleasant office setting. Yay!  One thing that I was turned off by is when they do the chemical peel  the dr. didn't really get into detail of why it's happening and possible treatments (I have melasma on my face). The dr. just sort of prescribed me the medication and sent me on my way "Phoenix skin has been the best place for me. The service is great and I go each month for my laser hair removal on my legs. I have received 6 sessions so far and I have noticed a huge difference. McKenzie is great and so caring! If you need laser hair removal "Been there as an adolescent. Attempted to make an appointment and I wouldn't even go past the receptionists bad attitude problem. When asked a question that you know the client is not going to be happy with When the session was over my skin felt amazing and softer and it looked brighter and clearer.  When we were done she recommended a product to help me with a pigmentation issue and explained how to use it and how to care for my skin afterwards.  I'll definitely be back for more microdermabrasion sessions with McKenzie." The absolute best! First off the staff here are amazing! Blanca walked me through the entire procedure and made me comfortable from day one. Dr. Laris is an artist! I was so impressed with the fact that not one person tried to sell additional services to me and I was given realistic expectations. I was told the mini lift would send me back 7-10 years but it turned out to be at least 10 years! Thank you Dr. Laris! I can not even begin to express my gratitude!  I was expecting a long wait and a long process but nope not what happened here. I checked in for my appointment got seen right away  and was very talented in removing a mystery lesion. Her MA Candice was also the best performance I've ever seen from an MA. There was no sales pitch at any time Front office is very unprofessional and rude. This definitely reflects on the work they do since they don't treat their patients with respect... They charge for negative tattoo space so it's double the price. Aka they are charging for non existing ink in a tattoo area. Delete tattoo has picosure laser and prices are half the price and they don't charge for negative space. Called to see if they stopped charging this way and they told me no they still are charging for negative space. Makes NO sense. Just trying to get more money.  I recommend Phoenix Skin to all of my friends and family. My mother had skin cancer removed from her lip by Dr. Laris and countless friends of mine (including my husband) have been getting their once-thought-it-was-the-best-idea-ever tattoo removal done by Caitlin and their state-of-the-art PicoSure laser. I would highly recommend this practice to you and your loved ones  friendly and professional staff.  They put out enough sunblock to coat / protect your face after a peel.  Very pleasant experience :) thank you Phoenix Skin!" Really great place for professional skin care. I am so impressed with the entire team and process here. I initially liked Phoenix Skin and was planning on doing additional services after my PicoSure treatments were done. Now I am steering clear because of the lack of proper care I've received as a result of this practice."  I seem to have aged exponentially. Probably from having two beautiful children that siphon my life force. Current estimates predict that I will look like a more weathered version of Death Wish franchise actor Charles Bronson within 18-24 months. But for some reason Dr. Laris and MIke are somehow unaffected by the normal aging process. There are two plausible explanations for this. A) They are a member of some tribe of vampire/lycanthrope hybrids that leapfrog through time and remain young "Dr. Laris and all at Phoenix Skin are most professional and uber - caring. I am a 63 year old man who thought he needed a full face lift. After a consultation "If you are ok with Never actually seeing the doctor and having almost all the procedures done by very nice young Physician Assistants then this is your place. If your concerns are cosmetics maybe this place is good but I went for mole checks and basal cell carcinoma removal and it was done by a PA and the results were awful. Infection  with a vengeance. I wasn't expecting to have to ever go through this again. At least not with the same one? I called for a consultation. I was told that I had to have a Dr.'s referral before I could book an appointment. I just get the very distinct feeling that I am being put-off by an aloof I will not return to this office nor would I ever recommend someone to visit this office" "I went to see Dr. Laris today for Restylane eye filler and I must say I'm extremely satisfied with the results. I noticed a huge difference right after treatment. Blanca was amazing I had a neck lift and a Y Lift at Phoenix Skin by Dr. Laris.  I am very pleased with the results and impressed by the facility and his very competent staff.  They listened carefully to what I was looking for and got it exactly right!  I highly recommend Dr. Laris and his surgical team. (Including Blanca and Denise) "Extremely disappointed with the results of my mini face lift and brow lift. It has been a little over a year and initially I was fairly happy. But now you can't even tell I had anything done. My neck is awful I have had nothing but the best experiences with Phoenix Skin! I had my lips enhanced with Dr. Laris using Juvederm. The results are very very natural and beautiful! Dr. Laris is very skilled at his work and is so gentle during the procedure you can barely feel anything! I've only seen the PA Tana F. I'm not going back. They charged hundreds of dollars to spray a mole but did not inform me how expensive it would be to do it. Stephanie in Billing is quite hard-nosed. Also Tana said a lump in my armpit was in the skin layer when clearly it isn't . It's not worth it to go to this place. There are other reputable dermatologists in Central Phoenix.  again she reassured me that the way it looked was normal and that the healing process could take a long time.  So I walked out off the office to which my husband was in the waiting room and looked super complexed that I was only back there for no longer than 1 min.  I went home and continued to care for it with the cream they gave me and another month went by and the symptoms were still the same so I called the office again and explained my situation. The girl on the phone was really nice to me and told me to come back in and this time they would make sure a physician looked at it.  So I went in the following day and the physician barely had to look at my scar and said ""yep that's a keloid and the area is definitely irritated and not healing correctly"" I was appalled and told her my whole background story and she barely had any sympathy.  I specifically came in and asked if this thing looked right and the first girl (really wish I remembered her name) said ""no it looks great"".  I'm so mad it's not fair to me  I would NEVER trust anyone else to touch my skin besides Dr. Laris and his team. Denise and Blanca are wonderful as they've been with Dr. Laris and Phoenix Skin for as long as I can remember. Dr. Laris truly is an artist when it comes to the face. For those of you searching for an amazing Doc for skin care needs and cosmetic procedures So glad I found Phoenix Sun and Ha Pham!" "I came in last year to schedule an otoplasty. I had to schedule it months in advance and had it done in August 2015. After the surgery I was unhappy and told them that. They were very kind to redo the surgery in December This morning I drove my wife there and waited while she had her appointment. The receptionists treated me poorly. When my wife came out I simply can not say how much Friendship means to me personally.  It is there for you or someone you love as well." "I spent three days looking for a place for my sister. I found myself frustrated because AHCCS does not offer a lot of options and most of the places covered are less than satisfactory. I called Megan at Friendship and right away I knew this was the place for my sister. Megan was professional and caring. The only thing I can say is go in  I still give Friendship five stars.  I can still recommend it and do.  I have been back there myself.  It doesn't get much better than what this organization does for you.  Yes it's a lot of work but when it comes to improving the quality of your life One bit of information I will approach this time that I didn't in the first review.  Most insurance plans do cover treatment at Friendship so if you need it take advantage of that fact." 3KwmkeqyC-STUvTcPOxsCw I definitely recommend this walk-in clinic and plan to return and see Dr. Corrigan as my primary care physician."  and gets right to the point. Although sometimes it can get annoying with his medical students." 7Y5HNCtQGCIP_28QfjfihA Today i went to visit Dr. Corrigan as he is my family dr and was surprised when i got there and saw the building completely empty ... upon investigation i was told that the dr either retired or just simply quit practicing ... there was a merger with East Valley Family Practice and all of Dr. Corrigans patients files were sent to the 3rd st and Earle location ... when i called there i was told this info was correct and the gentleman i spoke with was very helpful in setting up an appt for me at a new location ... No go there if you love that person ..nice people but they have no knowledge how to take care of people ...if you love them fight to go somewhere other then here  caring and loving. They know what they are doing and do it well. The doctor she has been seeing has been very involved in her care and progress. He has great bedside manner and has not left any stone unturned with her. The staff has been friendly and welcoming to my family when we visit. I don't have a single regret about bringing my mom to Camelback. Today she can walk the entire facility. She looks forward to the therapy sessions and feels 200% better than she has in a very long time. The only draw back is the food is not all that great." There are some CNAs who are really good however the bad apples are the ones that give this supposedly five star facility a very bad reputation." Rude lazy people who don't care. If you complain your going to regret it!! Don't go call the state bored The biggest complaint I have is that they sent my family member home with no warning (alone)."  and most of them are not even equipped to handle people who might be disabled or handicapped. They hadn't even mentioned anything about breakfast when my family member finally decided she was getting out of there the morning after her one night stay. It was so noisy too and smelled like animals! DEFINITELY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND."  I will be seeking another dermatologist as well as another clinic to have this done. The while I can not speak to the other dermatologists associated with AAD  but spent time explaining the regimen that I would be following until our follow-up appointment. I mentioned that my grandfather had melanoma and without hesitation she did a full body scan. I love how proactive and informative she was. I was able to notice drastic improvements after only a week of the regimen ( Back breaking out) This is something I have had to deal with for years and for the first time I can say my back looks great! I will definitely be coming back here in the future." They tell me they have a 1:45 availabe though. I'm filling out papers when a gentleman started acting upset  they were annoyed with my incessant questioning like I shouldn't be asking questions about my health. They made me feel really insignificant and uncomfortable asking about my health complications  and had also been told they had confirmed my insurance and all co-pays at time of visit. It is obvious this practice has a lack of follow through as well as organization skills. I will NOT be returning. Many other dermatologists in the valley are far superior and have satisfactory staff."  and am currently using several topical retin A treatments. Jessica and her staff are always very knowledgeable and attentive to my needs. Jessica always gives me great tips about my skincare and always patiently and thoroughly explains any questions I have. I've referred several work colleagues to see her and they also enjoy her service."  I just think the price should have been discussed up front. $250?? For a mole removal? Note to self: never having moles removed again "Had a horrendous experience with the male PA here.  He walked in and immediately ""diagnosed"" me based - I can only assume- on his first impression of me.  Told me there was nothing wrong with me and literally patted me on my head and sent me on my way.  He was incredibly condescending The PA Jenna gave me the perfect combination of ointments to cure the growing rash on my finger. It's been working like magic. The office staff was nice and the office itself looked and felt appropriately clean. Its location is convenient yet discrete. It's rare that I feel so satisfied with a visit to the doctor. This is incredibly frustrating as I cannot get relief from the problem I saw them for because they are not resending a prescription. Would not recommend this office to anyone." "Wonderful experience; I got seen so quickly and efficiently that the paperwork took longer than the procedure!  Great Love this place I have been to so many places in the last two years for sun damage and have spent so much money on the things the Dr.s have told me to do and buy. Came here the Dr heard everything id done said even they were waisting money. He prescribed tri luma and its amazing. I'm happy that it works Amma he didn't just try and shove products on me that didn't work. If I ever need a dermatologist ill only come here My appointment lasted about less than 10 minutes and was not very thorough. They gave me orders for blood work but bypassed because I felt like they honestly didn't address my concerns. Complete waste of my money. "Clients Beware!  My 8year old son was referred to go to this facility by our dermatologist since my son was not responding well to his wart treatments.  Apparently this place has a pretty powerful laser to treat warts.  Upon arriving (after a one hour drive)  I had to check the address a couple times to verify that I was in the right place( very ghetto)  Once checking in and filling out all the paperwork  and has gone above and beyond to try and help with my crazy post-Peace Corps skin stuff. The staff has always been helpful as well. I always ask about cost up front  this has been the WORST experience and care ever. I was told by PA. Rod Hood that I was a ""gold mine"" as he found 6 basal cell carcinoma growths. I was 6 months pregnant at the time and he was very condescending towards me. After I had them removed I returned to see a different doctor for a follow up. She found a few more growths then referred me to a new surgeon to have them removed. After weeks of getting the run around from the surgeons office stating they hadn't received a referral for me. It turned out that they don't take my insurance. So after a few more weeks of going back and forth with Arizona Advanced Dermatology to find someone who can perform the surgery and accept my insurance they refer me to a new surgeon. After waiting in his office for an hour and half I find out that AAD wrote the referral for him to close up the wound instead of him performing the actual surgery. So I had to leave and wait for the referral to be fixed. Then when I returned to AAD for my scheduled appointment they said that my referral had expired and I needed to reschedule. After 6 months of being diagnosed with Basal Cell carcinoma I am rearranging my schedule to wait in their offices and not be seen  then we went for a follow up visit about a week later. The surgeon was IN THE MIDDLE of treating my mom when one of the other staff members came in and stopped her because they supposedly don't take her insurance anymore. I'm pretty sure they were lying. The office is old and seems dingy and dirty. I would NOT recommend this place to my worst enemy. I found someone else in my Mom's network that will be a much better fit."  I would have gladly given 5+ stars for Dr. Halmi and his assorted staffs and partner Drs."  but trust that this review will encourage others to find another provider for their dermatology needs." I should have read reviews before! ughh sitting in exam room super nervous now.  I can tell you staff is not pleasant at all!!! P.S. Please note I accidentally  pressed on- screen button indicating they do not accept insurance I have had over 3 moles removed and each time the office usually gives you a shot and then bam its removed. When I tried to take me daughter they decided that she needed two appointments. One to determine if they would remove it then a second to actually remove it. All while having to pay $65 each time to see them. Never again will I visit this office again.  give Central Phoenix Eye Care a call... it's painless and as pleasant as it can be to go to the doctor!"  but I don't...and they broke twice and the Central Phoenix folks found new stems and replaced them immediately - at no charge.  They were super warm I have NO IDEA how this was all supposed to go down but it was seamless. Great attentive service. Nothing to complain about."  and friendly. I will probably go back to Central Phoenix Eye Care because the time I spent with the doctor was definitely what I was hoping for when I chose this office. I sure wish those grumpy opticians would just buck up! It would make everyone's experience much more enjoyable!" I highly recommend Dr Frank." gztTQsgq6FJwIoV4P4RNIw  and I didn't have a wait at all!  They also have a decent variety of frames to choose from.  If you're in need of an eye doctor  well organized staff went out of their way to schedule me for an early morning appointment and then asked the lab to rush the glasses."  down to earth and very knowledgable. The office staff are super sweet and very helpful. The Optical staff are very helpful when ordering glasses Last year when my mother visited us she was having some problems with the pressure in her eye.  She's diabetic as well and she suffers from eye damage as a result.  Dr Thompson made time to see her and check the pressure in her eyes to confirm that the medicine she was using was working properly and that the pressure was returning to a normal level.  She went out of her way to provide my mom with extra care and I really appreciate that"  and found this place.  I made an appointment and was seen within a few days.  Dr. Thompson and her staff gave me the most thorough vision exam I've ever had in my life!  She actually recommended some brand new contacts because she said my old ones didn't fit me that well (I had no idea).  Wow After going in and experiencing a very friendly staff and a knowledgeable doc with good ""bedside manner"" who addressed my concerns and questions I knew I lucked out in picking the right place to go. Dr. Thompson and her staff definitely go out of their way to help you with anything you need. I would refer CPEC to anyone." "Superior customer service. Dr. Thompson did a great Job The staff is very friendly... All this examination plus the glasses cost only a little over $100 with insurance.  I thought that was pretty good!   I definitely would recommend this practice to anyone!" Thanks for a great experience and excellent customer service - I'll be back even though you're not in my network!" I'm disappointed to have to report that Dr Thompson left the practice.  The staff has always been professional and courteous so I'm sure this will continue to be an excellent practice. They could use better signage out by the road in front of their building. They're in a taller building on Seventh Street I found this office through Yelp and am so happy with the whole experience.  Thanks all around! "This was my first visit to Central Phoenix Eye Care since moving to Phoenix - and I'm glad I found them.  The office staff are very friendly and helpful.  I had an appointment with Dr. Stephanie Mastores - I didn't have to wait later than my appointment time  it's the best eye exam I've ever had! I was seen immediately and did not have to wait. This is a huge plus in my book. I am very happy I have found a competent eye provider. I always use Yelp to find my doctors  now.  No kidding!  Perhaps upwards of 30 years or more.  I have received excellent care and personal attention all through these years from 3 of the doctors that I have seen there.  Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for most of this time.  Due to his ever burgeoning workload  They get my highest praise and recommendation!!" "Back to wearing glasses after 11 years and all I have to say is ""Thank You"" to Central Phoenix Eye Care. You made the experience the best possible. And Dr. Stephanie Mastores is incredible. I can see clearly now and am looking fashionable as well. This is the only optometrist I will ever recommend. Thanks again and Go Buckeyes!!" I have been going to Dr. Kantor for years and have always gotten extraordinary eye care at his office.  He and the staff are simply wonderful !!!  This practice is the only one I will recommend to my friends.  which I am at risk for.  I feel very secure that my eyes are in great hands.  They also have an extensive selection of frames and are ready and willing to help with choosing that perfect pair.  Thanks Central Phoenix Eye Care for years of great service!" "Another fantastic visit and eye exams with Dr. Kantor for my son and I - none better than him (don't let him know I said that). I've been a patient of his since he took over this practice. I started with them in 1970 when it was Dr. Cartledge "The best eye doctor facility I've ever been to.  They were so thorough I was astonished.  Staff is pleasant and knowledgeable.  They take Federal spending account cards.  They utilized computer imaging to look into my eyes which was just amazing to look at while he explained the health of my eyes.  When asking about eye surgery because I'm slightly vain  but even better was knowing that I received a high level of care! I definitely recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care!"  i.e. a new prescription.  Central Phoenix Eye Care is well staffed with competent professionals many of whom I've known for many years.  Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for nearly 30 years and I can attest to his competence  I converted him over soon after we started dating. It was so easy...the service and the one stop shopping.  Just stop in and say Hello and you won't want to leave." They seemed to be very detailed and organized and  after going through a horrible situation at another optimologist (3 tries and could still not get glasses right!!!) I came to Central Phoenix Eye Care through Yelp. My appointment was within a couple of days which was great because I was desperate. The tech and Dr Mastores were informative and thorough which I grealty appreciate. My glasses eneded up being costly but they are wonderful. The eyeglass guy was full of information helping me to make the right choices. Great place~I am here to stay!" I plan on setting appointments for my husband and son next week. Our family is all-in." "The doctors are great.   The staff is ALWAYS helpful and I've been extremely satisifed with the selection of frames and lens options.    I used to work right down the street from their office  I recently developed an allergy to my contact lens solution. Dr. Mastores diagnosed me accurately and then prescribed a course of treatment (corticosteroid drops  I've now switched over to Dr Mastores and she is equally as wonderful!  I love the staff here and their selection is great.  When my insurance switched and I had to try a new office And I got some adorable glasses - that arrived at the office earlier than anticipated." "I really like Central Phoenix Eye Care. They have a clean office with new equipment; they're front office staff is super friendly and helpful (I brought my workday lunch into the appointment because it would get so hot sitting in my car  and I get in and out within 45 minutes. They're great with scheduling and the office staff is very nice and personable." Great staff!  On time service!!  Dr Frank answered all of my questions.  I would refer them to anyone. I went there because of the YELP reviews and I had to YELP myself.  They are THE eye-care center I would recommend above all." "Went here for a much needed and long over due eye exam. I felt like Dr Mastores and her staff did a very thorough exam and were not rushed. She took the time to answer all of my questions and there was no attempt to ""up sell"" me on any additional services or even glasses for that matter. The office staff is friendly Highly recommend to anyone in need of glasses and wants to support our local businesses.  Thanks guys!!!" Excellent staff and care.  Highly recommended.  knowledgeable and thorough. I had my toddler child along for his first appointment and they were awesome with him. They were patient and let him play with all sorts of their devices to keep him happy. Everything was explained to me in detail regarding both my own vision and my child's. Their frames selection was fantastic for anyone  I tried a ton of different colors and I never felt rushed or like he was trying to get rid of me.  In fact he was suggesting more for me to try!  At the end of the appointment when I went to check out I was a bit taken aback by the total  saved me money by informing me that my sons glasses where still had a another year warranty on them. Great Place to go to."  in Goodyear and it is well worth the excellent service!"  extremely thorough and do a great job. I travel from Gilbert and they are well worth it!"  as well. I would recommend this practice to anyone living in Phoenix who needs a reliable "Took my son here because of my past experience with Dr Mastores for a comprehensive eye exam after he broke his glasses while playing basketball. Wouldn't change a thing in my last review. Staff was friendly  acted just as professional as any other eyecare facility I've ever been to (and I've been wearing contacts since 1975)... charged me $95... and I can buy my contacts online at half price now.  FWIW "I was so sad to leave my eye doc when we moved from Idaho. I never thought if find a place as wonderful as I had at home. Let me tell you They were very patient and great to work with "Great staff and very knowledgeable doctors. They took care of me even when I was being difficult with trying to figure out what prescription strength works best for me. Their prices aren't the cheapest  but also the quality of their staff and customer service! This is a wonderful office and I highly recommend them!" Wonderful experience! All the staff is beyond helpful and great to work with from start to finish.  They're very thorough and knowledgeable.  by far. They even take a picture of the inside of your eyeball and show it to you on a computer screen. It's pretty cool if you're into human anatomy." Dr. Steven Kantor is a great Dr and person. Our family has known him for over 30 years but we now live far away. If your in need of a great man to help with your eyes go to him today. "I have been going to see Dr. Kantor for maybe 15 years or so.  He is great! A couple of times I have had issues with my eyes or my contacts and he is great about doing whatever it takes to make things better.  Very "I have limited central vision due to the eye disease retinitis pigmentosa.  As such going to the eye doctor is always a bit challenging for me LOVE going to the eye doctor now!  They can get me in and out in no time.  Extremely friendly staff! Best optician clinic in town hands down! I decided to try this place out through yelp because of their ratings and I had a very awesome experience. The staff here are VERY fast and friendly. Came here for an eye exam and it was appealing. I would recommend this place to anyone! "The front desk people are so amazing every time I go in. They're always upfront with what will cost extra and not pushy to sell extra examinations on you. Dr. Uselman is so laid back and honest in trying to help me see the best I can (another eye doctor I went to in AZ was awful and just wanted me in and out). I'm from a small town and have had the same eye doctor since I was little. After 3 years of searching  then called around and found an optometrist nearby willing to give me a sample pack at no charge. Many thanks to her for going out of her way to make sure I was taken care of in a stressful situation. This place has an amazing staff!" Our insurance changed... So that meant we had to look for new doctors. I was happy at the place we were at and felt a bit anxious looking for a new place. I found Central Phoenix Eye Care thru our vision insurance website and then the reviews on Yelp. I have no regrets! This place is awesome! Everyone is so helpful and friendly! Dr. Mastores is amazing and is very patient. I have never had such a thorough examination. I guess I never knew what I was missing. If you are like me and unsure about a new place for your eyes... Look no further! This place is it. Very friendly staff.  Dr Usleman was extremely courteous and excellent bedside manners.  Great selection of glasses that are quick to have filled.  NO WAIT!. Dr Usleman was great. He explained everything in terms that I understood and at no point did I ever feel rushed.  Overall the staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I was very impressed. I have found a new eye doctor. A great experience!!!!!!!" DrHei8dBcbGNNyhP5qjBYQ  and truly care about making the patient happy.  I have gotten 3 pairs of glasses here and always have a great time picking them out with the staff.  Matt is especially great and entertains my annoying ways of picking out glasses... It takes me forever!! I love how all the staff gives their honest opinions on what looks best on me.  I will come here time and time again and will refer everyone I know to Central Phoenix Eye Care.  In a day where excellent customer service has been taking a back seat "I found this place on Yelp and saw the great reviews.  Needless to say I expected a lot.  And everyone of my expectations were met over and above.  What a great staff and Doctors.  I can't say enough about this group; their attitudes I brought my daughter in for an eye exam. Dr Kantor was very thorough and the office staff were all very friendly.  I ended up making an appointment for myself.  I saw Dr Frank. He took the time to help me understand the exam and what was going on with my vision. He was also very thorough. I had a lot of questions and he patiently spent his time explaining all the answers.  Then when it was time to pick out glasses I received even better service.  Matt was able to help me find the right frame for my face. I have a hard time deciding what looks good. I am confident that he helped me make the right choice. They treat you like a member of the Family great friendly staff  I turned to Yelp.  Central Phoenix Eye Care had received several 5 star ratings and much positive feedback from prior patients.  I was treated with the utmost professionalism and care by all of the staff in which I interacted - very friendly and welcoming environment.  I am happy to say I have found my new eye doctor." "I remember walking out of my eye exam thinking 'Wow I had a lovely visit!'. How crazy is that thought coming after an optometrist appointment?! Dr. Mastores was so friendly and informative (and bonus  it just seems the guys running the glass frame ands contact ordering portion of the business are quite lacking in their customer service and follow through." This is the best eye care anywhere. Whether you go for a check up or an emergency they are  highly competent. My whole family goes here  with wonderful results.  the office was quiet. Dr. Steven Kantor was very friendly and clearly answered any questions I had. I highly recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care." "I never thought I would actually enjoy a Dr's visit.  Dr. Mastores is wonderful.  Enthusiastic and caring. The staff is all great "I have been a patient of Central Phoenix Eye Care for more than 45 years and have always been satisfied with the level of care that I have received.  All of the optometrists affiliated with this facility that I have been examined by have been extremely professional in their field of expertise.  Recently  friendly Dr and staff.  They also have a eyeglass/ frames in house which is nice touch. Both my husband and I will continue our eye care with Dr Matores @the phx eye center." Dr. Mastores recommended new contact lenses that were less expensive and more comfortable than any I have used in the past.  I was very pleased!  with a great selection of kid and adult glasses. Dr. Usleman and Dr. Mastores are both enthusiastic and love what they do which carries over into the atmosphere in the office. They explained to us what was covered and what wasn't regarding our insurance and we didn't feel any pressure in having to purchase our eye glasses there Overall this place is great!"  but she was repeatedly apologizing yet didn't give us an estimate on time...there is really nothing to do around the complex....and had I known we would have waited over 90 minutes just to see the dr. I would have taken her to lunch or on a walk. Just disappointing that the communication isn't better when the Dr. is backed up." "I've been seeing Dr. Mastores  2 - 3 years and I am completely satisfied. I went to a few different eye doctors around the valley before I settled on her. She is friendly  need or are curious about. Now that is not something you will find everywhere!"  ROCK! This is definately my new eye care facility.  I highly recommend this office for any eye care needs." I've been going here for a number of years and have always very satisfied with the experience.  The staff and technicians are always friendly and professional and very good at their jobs. Dr. Mastores always takes the time to explain changes in my eyesight and answers any question that I have.  he made me feel comfortable knowing that fact. Really takes the time to help me understand and doesn't act like he's trying to run off to the next room." My first experience here. Was so busy. But the doctor was great and staff was friendly. Took me as a last minute client. Will be back.  efficient and take care of all insurance queries quickly. The back office staff are pleasantly conversant while taking care of all their duties in a way that is quick but thorough and Dr. Mastores who I saw is just an absolute peach. She is personable I saw Dr. Frank.  He is extremely knowledgeable...and friendly as well.  Staff is great! Everyone is very friendly and efficient.  I would recommend them highly.  caring doctors. Dr. Frank goes beyond thorough. Very impressed!" Dr. Mastores is wonderful. Highly recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care. A DAY LATE AND A DOLLAR SHORT."  the staff is very friendly and smart. I got right in for my exam and the tech quickly took me through all the various tests and was very friendly. I only waited about five minutes for the doctor to come complete my exam. Dr. Stephanie was very friendly and knowledgeable and very compassionate which I appreciate very much. This is a great Eye care facility and I will definitely come back and recommend to friends."  I didn't realize I would receive those forms online and downloaded the PDFs from their site to print and fill out. I also think there should be an option to book on the site (I didn't see anywhere) and download to your calendar. Those are minor things though!"  I see Dr Stephanie and she's great."  caring and understanding eye doctor I have ever been too!!! The staff was awesome and Dr Usleman was very compassionate to my eye issues and explained everything that was going on and how to fix it!!!" gztTQsgq6FJwIoV4P4RNIw Fantastic Doctors and Staff. I would not hesitate to recommend this office anyone. Dr. Stephanie M. Mastores is the best!  I decided on Central Phoenix based on the yelp reviews and I was so happy I did.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable I've used two different insurance plans at this facility Heather greeted me and took me back to a very clean and well laid out office and for some background on me. She was very helpful and personable and made me feel totally at ease. Dr. Usleman was VERY knowledgeable and informative and explained in great detail the differences between different contacts and why some were recommended over others. He listened to MY concerns and what I wanted the contacts for and made two great recommendations for me. I was shown how to put them in and take them out by another very sweet girl (I think her name was Amy) and left with TWO different trial contact options. I will try them out for a week or so and then go back for a follow up to decide which I want to go with. All in all a great experience !! I have already referred a friend !!" Over the years I have worked with many excellent eye care professionals but I have never worked with any whom I would recommend over Dr. Mastores and Central Phoenix Eye Care."  and navigated crazy Phoenix traffic for 60 minutes during rush hour only to have them tell me they made a mistake and didn't have me on their schedule. Now they can't get me in for another month! Ugh! I don't think I will be going back. They did apologize  I jokingly told someone that the therapy session helped in its own way because the woman I saw was so curt and unpleasant that it made me feel like a better person."  or that the policies of this office are such that they care more about being paid and being punitive than they do about helping people. What if I had been a suicidal caller? They have no idea what kind of problems I might have. They didn't care. Just categorically accused me of daring to ""no-show"" to an appointment and then wanting some compassionate care. Alright. Good luck as a business. Apologies for my arrogance."  I don't think I am the first to have this experience. I will never get close to this office again Counseling and psychiatry are two legs on my stool of life. The third leg is faith. There's days when prayer and the words of The Ancients are the final piece keeping my tricycle running down the road of a productive life."  and I have often left his office laughing.  He diagnosed my problem quickly on my first visit.  I have had many sessions with Karen Bischoff from his office.  She has a wonderful method of treating PTSD  I've decided to move on to another psychiatrist. The receptionist has always been extremely rude but today she pushed me to my limit. I had an afternoon appointment and when I arrived was told the doctor was not in - that he had a doctor's appointment. I used the last of my accrued sick time to go to today's appointment so I found this unacceptable. The receptionist then informed me that the number they called to notify me that my appointment was cancelled was a bad number and disconnected. I checked the number they had on file and told her that's been my correct number for as long as I can remember and it's never been disconnected. She looked at me with doubt and I asked her to call me. My cell phone dutiful rang as it always does when somebody calls me.. I went ahead and rescheduled the appointment but have since decided that I will cancel it on Monday and find a new doctor. Oh....and as I walked out  NOT BECAUSE OF DR HICKS but because the staff are miserable."  my two daughters and my baby boy. I have dealt with two different office staff members and both got us in. One member does seem standoffish but I'm not there to make friends My husband was very comfortable with Dr. Rockwell but sadly he will need to find another doctor."  and they have really great frames! I always enjoy getting fitted for frames by Corina who is a lovely person. She gives great advice that you can trust if you are choosing between a few pairs. I always recommend Optical Expressions to my friends. Their frames and selection are great I couldn't be happier with this place. It's easy for a Dr in this field to make their money off people "These guys are beyond awesome. I was in Scottsdale/Phoenix from Mpls for the Rock and Roll 1/2. I ripped my contact and had no spare lenses. Upon contacting Optical Expressions they said to just fax my scrip and theyd help. Help they did and at NO COST. Plus they validated my parking. Service like this is sometimes lost in the 21 century They had a very nice selection of designer frames and even current season sunglasses. They told me they do the individual buying for the office- they know what fits faces well." I for one will not be a patron of a place that keeps so much hidden from their customers ever again.  Even if you have money to throw away The staff was friendly and accommodating. They got me in for an eye injury within the hour despite my not being a current patient. Dr. Wilken was knowledgable and helpful. Would definitely recommend to others! It's totally unfortunate Dr Wilken and Dr Ryan are awesome but their receptionists could use a little support in customer service and training." I believe that I got a good exam from the Dr.  I believe that he can charge whatever he wants for his services. This bad experience could have been avoided if these two women were not so busy fleecing me. Or at least TRYING to."  then a dude showed up. I waited almost 1/2 hr before being seen and i was first! The dude that got there after me got right in and out! I didn't like that. Aside from that the lady doc was great and they have a candy bowl:)"  which was scheduled for 9:30 am. How do you get that behind after being open for half an hour? Don't come here unless you have plenty of time and a good book!"  my sister asked if they carried Prada and another woman sitting at the desk waved her hand at us as if she was shooing us away from the counter and said we have whatever is out. I asked if she could order a particular style as we had a style number with us and she said in a very annoyed tone ""I'm busy and I'll let you know when I'm free"". Did I mention we were the only customers in the store? We were both shocked at her tone and lack of care/customer service and decided to take our business elsewhere. I wouldn't recommend this business." "I used to go to Optical Expressions in Scottsdale but this location is more conveniently located for me. I am giving a 5 star mostly because of Tracy. She works in the front and helps you pick your lenses or contacts The less expensive ones that worked the First Time were not designer.  But They Worked The First Time.  I will not be doing business with this company again with the exception of having them spend another few months to repair their latest mistake.  Over priced ...hope I won't need to go back :)" I have not visited other doctors at the clinic I've been to 3 other orthopedic surgeons over the years in the valley and none with as poorly managed office as this. Do yourself a favor and find a smaller office where you'll be treated like a person rather than a number." I think the address listed here on Yelp is wrong. It's actually SOUTH of Baseline." These physicians at TOCA are terrible. I hope you take my story as advice and do not see them. The time i wasted with them only caused my scoliosis These physicians at TOCA are terrible. I hope you take my story as advice and do not see them. The time i wasted with them only caused my scoliosis I HIGHLY recommend TOCA for your orthopedic concerns and specifically Dr. Cummings especially if you're a high level athlete. Don't mess around; go to the best."  and that's only because I had the nurse bring him back into the room to spend more time with me. Got the bill today...$399 for 10 minutes! Unbelievable! I'm in the wrong industry if a specialist can literally not even examine a patient and make hundreds. Shameful." If you can find another clinic." Too big for their own good. You will feel like a commodity and not a patient." Love Dr. Chhabra....location of this new Tempe building is good. PARKING SUCKS! Bring an extra 10 minutes or you may be late because you can't find a spot to park. I ended up having to park on the street behind their building and walk around to their front door. Wish I could give them no Stars "Did not get too far into the BS. Was on hold for more than 45 mins to make an appointment. Just want to remind you all that this is a ""For-Profit"" organization. Treat them like you would any business that serves you. They do NOT have any special product or service that warrants such crappy service."  Loni).   They were all knowledgeable and friendly.  Even the other ""patients"" were interesting.  I definitely didn't dread going there."  the staff and everyone involved with my experience continue to be nothing more than helpful on my road to recovery."  not the top notch service they provided at one time. Had me see a doctor (as mine was on vacation) who really couldn't give me any answers so I still had to make another appointment as well! Billed my old insurance (even though they had my new card) and sent me a bill for money I did not owe. Time to find a new orthopedic clinic. Good doctors but a mess." "I want everyone to know that Dr ballie treated me like a person he's kind and caring always listens about my concerns  he is the first doctor since my injury that has cared  they treat you like a commodity. Wish I had never called them." After reading the other reviews on here about the lack of thorough patient care and attentiveness- everything I experienced seems to be pretty typical at this office.  I strongly urge others to seek care elsewhere." Go to Dr Leber....he is what you would expect from pro. Az hand and wrist."  but I waited an hour and a half to see a doctor once I was in the patient room. This is unacceptable. What is the point of making an appointment. Also  he was a complete ASS!  He recommended that I come back in 1 month for a followup to check the healing process of my broken arm. The staff could not have been more RUDE and UNHELPFUL in making a follow up! I actually work for a large group of physicians myself in a large practice and I have never heard any staff treat patients like this! If we did we would be out of a job! Worst customer service ever! Do n yourself a favor and find a different group ! Needless to say oZdqBEQLwl85jEQKL6XMPQ  always explain what's going on.  Highly recommend him for any orthopedic problems.  Thank you dr Z...."  my daughter was sent to a pain clinic again saying she was too young for the surgery and rehab would be hard. Shots in the shoulder and neck did not relieve the pain. Then she was prescribed with pain meds. This went on another few years. She was crying in pain everyday and in the night too. I massaged her up to ten times a day and bought every pain topical solution I could find besides taking the pain meds. She cried and  ""begged"" me to cut off her arm several times. We finally went back to Lederman again. This time my daughter refused to take no for an answer...she wanted the surgery. Dr Lederman left the room and came back in saying ""I'm not the man for job. Myself or my staff is not accustomed to working with someone with a TBI."" Then he walked out. Like he did not already know her condition from day one. My daughter suffered terribly for these years of delaying the surgery then refusing to do it. He did refer us to another doctor who turned out to be a blessing with a very caring heart. Dr Dana Seltzer. The surgery WAS difficult and the rehab WAS difficult This group is going to have a rude awakening as provider assessments become more frequent. Time to get a clue on customer service! Next time....Mayo!" "Zoltan DOES NOT rock. Waited over an hour on 2 appointments. The first time I gave him the benefit of the doubt but the second time an hour went by and I got up and left with a knee I could not walk on.  I had to see him due to my great doctor leaving to go to Mayo which was farther for me to drive. I could have taken the drive and still saved myself the time I has to waste waiting for him. Save yourself the time and go somewhere else. I did have a great experience with their PT facility Heather was awesome  all I did was strengthen to no avail.  Bobby from Texas was the only hustler of that group in Tempe  his PA and the rest of the staff were very helpful. The knee replacement was a success and I wish I'd done it sooner."  and post surgery rehab follow-ups. Dr. Carter is an excellent orthopedic surgeon. I found him to be professional yet funny and witty at the same time. I've read other review about him and TOCA and can say that I didn't see one negative thing mentioned in those other reviews. Dr. Carter took the time to explain the procedure and the type of rehab follow-up that might be included depending on the severity of the injury and findings during surgery. First class all the way around and my knee feels great!"  I was back to 100% within six months of this huge procedure! He's a wonderful doctor and has great bedside manner. I would highly recommend him to anyone who has hip problems!"  neither the doc or the anesthesiologist came to see how I was in the recovery room. I felt like they rushed me out so they could use the bed for someone else and they didn't have my pain level under control.  I will never go here again. I'd switch doctors if I had to before using this facility ever again. If i ever need surgery again  our co-pay should have only been $327. Biltmore refuses to refund us the difference and has even denied a request from Blue Cross Blue Shield to refund the difference. This place is a financial RIPOFF and I would not recommend anyone to go there."  our co-pay should have only been $327. Biltmore refuses to refund us the difference and has even denied a request from Blue Cross Blue Shield to refund the difference. This place is a financial RIPOFF and I would not recommend anyone to go there. Five months after they tried to over bill Blue Cross Blue Shield with incorrect medical codes to receive more money than they entitled to  when I got pregnant with my second baby  she just wanted to butcher me for her financial sake. As if she had a ballon payment due & I could've been her ticket. It's been 5 months since she & her hospital team threatened I would die. Makes me wonder how many others she has victimized." Both Dr. Doris and his wife (who is also a doc there) were educated in Britain and take their time with each patient instead of rushing them in and out in five minutes like a lot of doctors.  They're part of the John C. Lincoln Hospital network...if they take your insurance I would recommend them."  shouldn't I be informed to keep the rest of the world uninfected??"  and BTW probably the  first time  I haven't gotten a  huge bruise  in my  life!  I saw the  negative reviews  on Yelp but  I am going  to  give  them 5 stars and could not be more pleased with my new  doctor. I tend to only write reviews  if  I really like a. business. The  negative  reviews on this clinic could  have made  me choose another doctor  so  I am going to  highly recommend this office." "Dr. Bowey is fabulous and makes you feel like you are her only patient. The downside is that if you don't have an appt first thing in the AM or right after their lunch break I was looking for a new doctor and came across Arcadia Family Clinic. I called to make my appointment on a Monday. They verified my insurance while I was on the phone and I was excited to hear there was an open appointment the next day! When I went for my appointment I had my insurance card and ID ready as they had asked the day before. When I was called up to the desk ( 10 min after arriving) I was told immediately that they don't take my insurance! I told the woman at the desk that they had just verified it the day before. She looked in a folder and said sorry we don't take this. I don't understand how I can sit on a phone call for 7 minutes the day before and be told to come in only to be turned away immediately! I wasted my time at this clinic and they weren't even apologetic about the situation. I hope the next doctor I try is at least compassionate! Too bad I can't give less than 1 star for this specific doctor" I called for an appointment at 8am and was told it was a walk in basis today. So I walk in at 10:50 and there were four other people here 5 more walked in after me. Everyone has been back to see the Doctor but I am still here. I asked if everyone had an appointment and was told no they were all walk ins. So be prepared to sit and watch the walk ins walk right in while you continue to sit. This isn't the first time I have had to wait. My first visit I had an appointment and I waited for over an hour. As I sit here 3 more people have walked in. Let's see if they all go in before me. Urgent care would be a better option if you need to see the dr. I don't recommend this place and after today I am pretty sure I am going to find a new doctor. He's got a very down to earth demeanor (maybe a midwestern thing?) as well as a very friendly and personable assistant.  I've referred many a friend and family member to him. Children are in my future and they'll be his patients as well."  he has open wireless in his office for the convenience of waiting patients who need to work while waiting."  but he does care and he does take the time to talk to you about your medical concerns and issues. I feel extremely comfortable and confident in his abilities to ascertain and diagnose accurately. He is honest  not something you see much anymore.  He always has a student along with him and his manner of teaching combined with his dry sense of humor is refreshing.  The only reason I did not give him a 5 star review is because he usually is running behind quite a bit  I will not be returning to Dr. Kramer. If you simply want to give your money away I suggest an organization like PAWS (pets are worth saving) because Dr. Kramer ripped me off and had the nerve to try to do it a second time."  she has a rude tone and makes you feel like you are annoying her.  I only cone here cus I'm leaving in a couple months but lawd this place needs a new crew not to mention dr. Kramer can be a rude one! I can tell he got irritated when he knew I had to be refered out..... read riviews in the end we make him business and his staff gets paid because we the patients bring business.... hmmm maybe they should think about this"  his eyes were. glued to the computer screen and I think he only glanced my way f or a second.  after rhe entered some stuff into the computer and asked me a few questions  from taking three weeks to send me to a specialist (I had to fax the manager the list of specialists taking my insurance  and show up in the office to get an appointment) to not calling me for test results after the doctor warned me that I could be diabetic." I had read reviews on another website of Dr. Day and they pretty much said the same thing. But I figured  it will come back in 6 weeks. It has now been 4 months and I still do not have full feeling restored. I was sent to collections without even getting my last bill in the mail. Please save your FACE and yourself major aggravation."  finding him pleasant and professional and NOT arrogant as stated in another review.  The only real issue I have ever had (in 3 procedures) is an employee who says things like ""I need you to""  as I am HIGHLY allergic to penicillin. Had I not read the label and taken it I would have ended up in the hospital. (Point three will circle back to number two)   3) They will call you non stop for ""final photos"" I agreed to finally go in only because I still have no feeling on my bottom teeth and I am still congested.  I wanted to discuss it with him Even the desk attendants were pushy about the surgery saying I should have them all removed in one session vs having them done in two sessions.  Clearly this office is money hungry and they don't care about the patient's well being post surgery." oQpq9f0HkS-_8RXlcsMiUg Exceptional and professional in everyway. Staff were friendly and Dr. Day explained everything. If you could refer an Oral and Facial doctor - he would be it! Thanks. Gail Z The ONLY saving grace in that practice is his kind and attentive staff.  Everyone in that office is an asset to him." After 6 months I need another surgery  and also recommend that they fly to see him from where they live. He is the best in his profession." If you have ANY problems with your jaw I am telling you go see Dr Day you will not be sorry!!!"  so be prepared to pay far more than you're quoted.  I've never written a review about a physician or dental office -- because I've never felt so scammed by a medical service provider."  gave me a very long consultation so I could make an informed decision.  He promised he could do the work without challenge and he did.  Billing was fast and efficient I would suggest you ask for a different referral if your dentist's office tries to send you here. Dr. Day and his staff are competent at best  call Perfect Teeth (see my review) and ask for a caring professional like Dr. Salb." I would definitely recommend Dr. Day and his staff - they're super nice." I confidently recommend Dr. Day and team!  You will be in good hands."  but I can laugh without fear of dislocation and I haven't had a migraine since before my surgery. I honestly would recommend Dr Day to anyone. He and his staff are bar none the BEST!!!!"  2014 and within 2 weeks was walking with a cane and after week 3 was walking fine by myself and actively working.  His office staff is friendly and communicates well.  He is a great surgeon that is proud of his work and is concerned with your health..  I highly recommend this Doctor!" The actual office was very nice though. Zero stars for the ""doctor"" but one for the nice office."  if you are scheduled for an Ime with him get your lawyer to change it . HE gets paid by the insurance company to lie. He did one on me and said my shoulder was stable and I ended up having surgery for a torn rotator cuff. He's rude and had me wait in a cold room for an hour and read my report during that time without saying a word. Had to go back a second ime a year later and  basically did the same thing but was even ruder. He would not give me a copy of the papers I brought in and even changed what I wrote down and answered himsel. He Dawgs other doctors and thinks he's the only one who is right because he's getting paid to lie for insurance companies to go against you." I needed to find a great surgeon and I believe I found him. I will need shoulder surgery soon and possibly knee surgery in a decade or so."  though Dr Smith the most.  My girlfriend thinks it's awesome to actually have a young black female doctor as it makes her feel so much more relatable.  I love that they are so informative  I didn't have to go to another level of the building to receive my blood work." Without a doubt I recommend Dr. Bauer and her assistant 110%."  as the problem seemed to be with the muscles and bones of my ribcage.  Dr. Mansfield prescribed some low-key meds (ibuprofen and a muscle relaxer) and referred me to an awesome chiropractor right next door.  I got the best night's sleep in recent memory p.s. Dr. Collins doesn't accept new patients but if you call and ask her medical assistant they usually can fit you in..."  Mountain View is home to several doctors so we should always be able to get in the same day or the day after we get sick. The waiting room felt clean and comfortable too  making time to talk to you about all your concerns.  I can't say enough about her and highly recommend her!"  but are missing the most important part." I love this place!! I moved here 7 months ago and made an apt with Dr. Mansfield. She is awesome and so is her assistant!!  She's easy to talk to and will do anything to help! I've been a few times and will return again and again!  and they've all been great. The front desk staff is very friendly and quick with processing people through. You never have to wait long with an appointment and they have a streamlined process to get people through to a doc quick I love this doctors office.  Dr. Mansfield is always willing to listen and is very compassionate.  She is genuinely concerned about her patients and their health.  Whenever you have an urgent matter the office goes above and beyond to make sure you get to see a doctor immediately.  I've been a patient here for about three years and am so glad to have found this doctor.  and what she wanted to 'discuss' with me was................................................ nothing.  The ultrasounds were all  normal and everything looked fine and dandy.  What?!  Why did I have to come in for that???  So I can pay another office visit fee?  I was really disappointed Dr. Bauer and the staff are great and I hope when and if I need anything more serious I can prove them right even further as to how good they are. Hopefully that's not the case but I can already tell they will be awesome." I highly recommend her and Mountain View as a solid PCP/Home Physician office."  anywhere else.  The homeless guy on the corner would probably give you better care. He'd be cheaper thats for sure!"  then you should defiantly trust dr Mansfield to give you the care you deserve." The office itself is ok.  I've had them mess up my appointments a few times which is frustrating but the dr. has always made sure I can still get in to see him."   he took his time and paid attention to every detail. He gave me great alternatives to medications and other options to think about. They also give you a online patient portal to access your medications "Dr. Mansfield is amazing. She listens and provides valuable feedback and resources. I just moved t the area Good luck if you decide to go with them.  I'm sure all the doctors are fine...that's really all that should matter... but I just can't take the hassle of their slow office."  but I believe it was worth it for the treatment I received! Wonderful staff that was very friendly and concerned with everything I mentioned. Dr. Bell was amazing. He really explained everything too me. I didn't feel lost once!" Over $100 out of pocket later I returned for my check up.  Not sure if it is a racket they usually pull to get you to come more than once but I don't trust them. On the positive side the staff was friendly and both appointments were on time.  Cindy is a wonderful doctor's assistant."  but having said that the office operation is not good. Last year they called me said it was my time for a yearly exam. Went in late after work about 4:30 appointment. The waiting room was nearly empty. They called me in I waited in the exam room for 50 minutes it's 1/4 to 6. The noise in the hallway outside the room is dying down. I come out and ask around find hardly anyone except one person up in the front office. She is very surprised to see me I'm fairly sure they forgot I was even in there. I was getting upset I told her I can't wait around for an hour in a room. She didn't know what to say to me I could tell they knew darn well what happened. They ran around and I told her I was leaving and Dr bell came out said he would take care of me in a few minutes. The exam was about 10 minutes listen to my heart and said sounds okay. He asked me If I need to have a finger up my butt I laughed but was thinking to my self what a strange thing to say to a patent. I told him forget it had to go. I wasted 3 hours it was the last time I went there."  but the doctor put on his latex glove and felt my glands and wrote me a refill? Really? No blood work? I have not had my thryoid levels checked in over a year. Okay After another appointment I am still so happy with this staff! They are more then happy help you in anyway that they can. Still love Dr. Bell!  she takes her time to get to know you and to teach you about your disease process and explains all medications she prescribes. She encourages you to ask questions. Other docs in the practice also give the same quality care if my doctor can't see me. Minimal wait times "I love Dr. Mansfield and her nurse Cindy! They made me feel so welcomed on my first visit and they actually CARE. They were very professional  I give this place a solid gold 5-stars.  Great people.  I think I have finally found a doctor and staff I can live with." Dr.Bell is the best pcp I've ever seen. He takes his time with you and explains why it is or is not a particular diagnosis. The only reason I don't want to sing praises for him is because I don't want to make it harder to get in to see him! He's wonderful and I very much appreciate his bedside manners. yS6tXY9skBQ4eLZLQaDlEg Note: they are opthalmologists not optometrists." "When I unexpectedly began feeling pain in my right eye a friend recommended that I go see Dr. Bob Bollington.  Dr. Bollington is an amazing ophthalmologist.   He is knowledgeable  I am going back to them from now on.  Please don't tell too many people.  I have looked very long and hard for a trustworthy and accomplished eye doctor.  Go see for yourself dr Villarreal is awesome. if you want a full assessment and every detail examined go see her. she's awesome and will refer out if you need additional services. I recommend this place. Specially doctor Bullington."  performs all the exams himself and he has a fabulous bed side manner. You do not find physicians like Dr. Bob anymore. I trust him implicitly. I have referred several people to him and they all have had a great experience at Biltmore Ophthamology. I would not trust my eyes to anyone else! A rare find indeed!" I see Dr. Bob and he is great! Everyone is very friendly and this place was recommended by a friend. Highly recommend. Lasik itself is great but obviously I'm not reviewing a surgery. This place deserves five stars for four major reasons. 1.) They were overwhelmingly friendly from the minute I walked through the door. 2.) They did a fantastic job preparing me for what to expect. 3.) I arrived at their office at 2:15 pm today and was done w/ surgery by 3. I know some people might think that sounds a little cold and impersonal but it wasn't. The doctor was extremely friendly and as soon as I shook his hand I relaxed completely. 4.) This surgery cost me 700 DOLLARS TOTAL! I responded to a banner ad they were running on Google for 299 per eye. I assumed it was a bait and switch. For me Thank you Lasik Vision Institute!" I was blind as a bat now I have 15/20 vision. It's been a year since my operation. Very happy with this place. The staff is amazing! I had an awesome experience with perfect results! I am now a year out from my surgery and it's as good as the first day. I have and will keep recommending LVI to anyone!  when I had my consultation they quoted me about $8-900 per eye for traditional LASIK. (I can't remember the exact price they quoted). My contact prescription was -2.50 in both eyes. I was a little bummed and decided that I didn't want to continue and I left. I was already starting to regret that I didn't just get it over with One nice thing they did was call me before my 2 week appt to ask if I wanted to reschedule. The day I chose was going to be a surgery day which would mean longer wait times. I appreciated that they would be proactive to give me the option and gladly took it to change the date!" "I had lasik this afternoon.  It all started last week when I went to visit this office for the exam to see if I was a candidate.  Everyone was so nice and friendly.  I was a little anxious and they were very patient with me.  They took lots of one on one time with me answering my questions and just letting me freak out a bit.  Everyone I saw asked if I needed anything when I was there.  I was offered lots of snacks  I am so happy with the surgery and the benefit of not having to wear glasses. I highly recommend this place and have had no issues so far. Just know that you will have to invest in natural tears eye drops for a while." I would absolutely recommend the entire team What a great place they used to be in a old stop mall  this is amazing the staff fist class glad we went back for check up helpful and professional. I recommend ANYONE to get this procedure done here. Thanks lasik vision institute for changing my life. Wooohooo!!!! My vision before was horrible. Today 11days later my vision is 20/20 still not 100% but it is very close to being there."  since I really only cared about what the surgeon had to say).  She said asking her my questions/concerns was ""one in the same"".  I think not.  That was the first red flag.  The second one came after she said I would not be meeting the surgeon at all prior to the day of surgery.  Who in their right mind agrees to an elective surgery without meeting the surgeon prior to the day of surgery?  I have never heard of such a thing!  I'm assuming after you pay in full you are then allowed to meet the surgeon.  The third and final red flag came after she said she would schedule me an appointment with the surgeon at another time and then revoked that offer I still recommend this place to EVERYONE."  but the Dr prescribed an eye drop that seems to be helping."  she made sure to give me EVERY detail and even gave me a packet with all the financing information and such. She even quoted me the student prices and wrote them down for me. We concluded our meet and she walked me to the door and shook my hand. I said I was very interested in the procedure and would consult my grandfather about it before scheduling another appointment. All-in-all it was the absolute best experience I could imagine and the only time I have ever left a business feeling more intelligent than when I arrived. I would have given it a four and a half just for the wait times "I brought my mother in here a couple of weeks ago to see if she was a candidate for lasik. Every single person there was extremely nice and helpful. Their prices were very affordable and they even offered us 20% off due to us being referred by a friend. My mother ended up needing a procedure that they do not offer but they quickly referred us to another center. As you can tell from my five star rating I know there are a lot of horror stories out there. I read a ton of reviews before deciding to go through with the procedure. The consent forms I signed at the office also caused my stomach to churn. However  vision has been 20/15 since. This was the best $2k I have spent anywhere. Only issue I have is I wish I had seen their ad sooner. The breaking point for me to get Lasik was that LensCrafters kept screwing up my last prescription!"  I was seeing at better than 20/20 vision after Lasik and they said additional improvement is still possible and that the clarity will probably get better after done applying the medicated eye drops. I'm ecstatic now. I can't imagine if it gets better....Are there negatives? Well perhaps the initial recovery. My eyes were a little scratchy/irritated after It's been two years and I am still over joyed at the eyesight I have because of the doctors and staff. They cared about me and my eyes. Don't want any longer get your best eye sight now call them today! Everyone is very professional and has your best interest as a priority. The worst part for me was trying to sleep that night with constant tears flowing down my face but I dont believe everyone reacts the way I do. I have always had sensitive eyes and allergies. There is nothing better than waking up in the morning and being able to see everything clearly (the few hours i was uncomfortable is worth it). It did take the full 2-4 hours but they do tell you the time limits and personally I wouldn't want to go somewhere that makes me feel rushed with something as important as my eyes. "I have to dock a point because of the wait times (often 2-3 hours) and their computers seem to always be lagging and they book way too many people for the amoun of staff. However  my experience was great.  The day after the surgery I was already seeing 20/20 (I previously was seeing about 20/200 or so).  The doctors believe I can achieve better than 20/20 vision once my eyes stabilize.  Recovery after PRK takes longer than lasik 11/1/15:  Just over 5 weeks since my lasik.  Still waiting for vision to improve.  5 weeks and blurry and hard to focus.  Wishing I didn't do it but going to be patient!!!" I'll be posting an additional review after my surgery "Me and my Husband had the best experience with The LASIK Vision Institute! From the very start the whole staff was super nice and courteous. At one point when my husband was having second thought about the surgery  how long you'll feel it for. I couldn't have asked to be treated better than I was. I can't wait to get up tomorrow & reach for my glasses  a final exam and completion of my payment. The surgery itself was only10 min. My follow-ups have been pretty quick also. It is just the initial consultation that can be very frustrating to just wait around for several hours to be seen." I had surgery just yesterday afternoon and woke up this morning and was amazed about how well I could see. I 100% recommend anyone getting this done." They do a 2 week and 3 month follow-up care and as needed. Things for me were pretty typical. I started off not being able to see the big E and now I have 20/20 "**Be prepared for the up-sell!** Husband and I had $1700 to burn on our flexible spending account.  Came across a Groupon deal for this place that included the wavelength LASIK procedure at $1799 (great deal!). The only catch was that my flexible spending account company (ADP) required a doctor's note be completed IN ADDITION to the invoice in order for the procedure to be considered for reimbursement. When husband and I went for the consultation and I asked about getting the note signed  for some of my follow ups I was in and out in 15 minutes.  The surgery was painless and I was done in 10 minuted. Dr. K. told me everything to expect so I was not worried at all. If I could give more stars I will post an update once my vision clears up!" Update: Just over a week from surgery and my vision is perfect! Sometime I have a little blurring but that usually means I need to use my artificial tears drops. Love my results!" I am so stoked about Alex Optical that I'm telling everyone in the surrounding area! No *charlie brown sighs*..."  from purchase to repair I trust Alex Optical.  Located conveniently at Thomas and 44th street in Phoenix.  I""m surprised to see only one review  so my rave review applies only to this wonderful location on Thomas. The prices are GREAT. I can usually get two pairs of glasses filled for about a hundred bucks."  but the selection is dated and not attractive." "I broke my glasses and had already been to a place recommended by COSTCO.  I felt I needed a second opinion because I did not see what the other place had seen.  I checked reviews and decided on Alex Optical and sure glad I did.  I would definitely recommend this place.  When I need new glasses in a few months I visited Alex Optical today and had a great experience.  The exam was quick and professional.  Everyone was super nice and helpful.  The woman who helped me pick out glasses was patient and did not rush me.  Their prices were great and I love the glasses I picked out.  definitely...when I need another eye exam."  he wanted to make sure I knew how the lenses would look when completed.  He asked if I could come in and let him look at my current Rx.  I went to the Thomas location and met with him and Jessie.  They both worked with me to insure that when the lenses were made and put into the frame that I would have a look I was proud of.  So many places us the one size fits all approach. But ALEX Optical took the time and made the effort to see that I would be a satisfied customer.  It is hard to find this kind of customer service.  I highly recommend them."  I brought my glasses in to repair the spring in the arm and was referred to another store. I noticed the sign that says eye exams for $49 with dialation. I'll take advantage of that on my next visit." But I did a week later. This time I could see with both my eyes  much of the stock seemed old and pricing was higher than expected. My prior glasses had lasted for six years. The ones purchased here were just over one year old when the left hinge became loose. Took them in to have the hinge repaired. A guy took them to the back and a different guy came out with the left temple completely separated from the glasses. He said they did not guarantee glasses for more than a year and no longer had the frames. To his credit he did find frames that the existing lenses could go into  I felt that we were partnering to find what I was paying them for Clear sight!!! My glasses were made within an hour. Reasonably priced for someone who had to pay out of pocket.  I will return!" Very shady people and hard to deal with. DO NOT go in there Affordable prices and great customer service.  I have had several eyeglasses made at Christown location with no problems. My girlfriend recently had an exam and eyeglasses made at Thomas location and is so happy she will never go to Walmart for eyeglasses again Thank you for wasting my time today Dr. Chasby." His office and surgical staff compliment Dr Sacks professional practice." "Do your homework people - Dr. Chasby Sacks is NOT a Board Certified Plastic Surgeon.  ""Board Certified Cosmetic Surgeon"" - there is no such specialty as far as the American Medical Board is concerned. So beware. American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery is a body that is NOT recognized by the ABMS. There are many wonderful BC Plastic surgeons in this town - spend the extra few bucks and go to one of them.  If there is a complication or a further ""tweak"" is needed Everything from start to finish was great. I love his method and experience. He gave me good input and advice about getting my breast enlarged. I am very happy with my results. Dr. Sacks and staff were very professional and caring through the whole process. I would definitely recommend him to any of my friends." Please spend the extra money on an actual plastic surgeon. Sacs will damage your body and not give it a second thought." S6xbqP4m7s5zgxX8souN4w "I had gone to see Dr. Sacks for larger implants in 1998 and then he redid them in 2010.  He is the best boob guy out there and I've seen some of my friend's after surgery.  I haven't used him for anything else  if you are in need of a new Doctor I highly recommend Dr. Riley.  I think they also take most insurances as well!"  when he didn't just tell me I could pick up my prescription at the counter on my way out.  He actually TALKED with me.  He asked questions.  He didn't make a mad dash for the door!  Miraculous!!  And the good news is that this has not changed in all these years.  I don't have insurance His office is small and you can usually get an appointment the same day or next."  competent doctor - I can't imagine going to any other medical practices.  His staff is very nice and really good about working with your schedule to get you in as soon as possible.   I really appreciate all he has done for our family.  And I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great doctor!"  and was turned down. Receptionist said they take one new patient a day and as of 6/14 they are already booked until July. What? No sense of urgency."  the ladies facilitating his office are kind and friendly; and have been very helpful during my past two visits." I have been going to DR. Riley for a couple years and I would recommend him to anyone that wants a doctor that is very handles on. He is always the one that sees you unlike some offices that have PA ect. he always takes time to call me about my lab results. I have always had great service and experience  nothing had been called in.  I followed up and was again told it was called in.  Went to the pharmacy (verified location) and they had received nothing.  I went back a few months later for stomach virus symptoms.  The initial visit and mishap was totally disregarded and not even ""remembered"" for that matter.  I had to pay another visit shortly after because my symptoms were not getting better.  Nothing was done Thank You To Dr Riley and all the staff at Biltmore healthcare!!!" Been seeing Dr Riley for years. He recently moved to Banner Healthcare. I like him. He has called me at home a couple of times to check on me. I was pretty ill but how often have you had that happen?!  He is a great doctor and a compassionate human being. And he loves fly fishing!  great listener and keeps current on medical trends. Very well read and has an incredible bedside manner. I would recommend him to anyone." "Highly recommend Dr. Riley. He's very knowledgeable Dr. Riley himself only kept me waiting for maybe two minutes before opening a dialogue with me. He has an excellent way of communicating symptoms and issues. I'm very glad I decided to go."  competent doctor - I can't imagine going to any other practices.  His staff is very nice and really good about working with your schedule & theirs to get you in as soon as possible.   I really appreciate all he has done for us.  And would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great doctor!" This practice is all about money!!" An unexpected bonus Dr. Wilson and Deborah don't just provide generic specialist referrals either.  They provide exceptional specialist recommendations.  Which I discovered when I had breast cancer and then again when I needed arthroscopic knee surgery."  he is the first one to make that recommendation.  There is no ""ego"" involved.  I think the most telling thing I can share with you is a memory of something that happened in his waiting room when I happened to be there - many years ago.  The waiting room was full.  He was running late.  Suddenly the door opened  so I highly recommend giving this office a call if you're ""apple a day"" isn't enough to keep the doctor away!"  but when people are going to the doctor which can be emotional for some people depending on what's going on  understanding staff coupled with incredibly smart doctors. They make you want to be a better patient. I look forward to my follow-up visit.  Who ever says they like going to the doctor's office.  I do now!  I feel like my life is in good hands with Dr. Tamara Lieberman." Literally my whole family goes to see her so absolutely we would recommend her to those closest to us."  I would strongly recommend this women's clinic.  Everyone is extremely friendly from the Front Desk to the MA's  I explored all options extensively and visited multiple organizations for all 3 options.  Acacia was the most caring and compassionate and I never felt pressured like I did at the crisis pregnancy center or with adoption agencies. Acacia makes sure you are well informed and commited to the decision before proceeding.  At the free consultation "An extremely caring facility. From the minute you call to request information until the moment you leave the clinic they take care of you I'm in disbelief right now and if I had my car I'd definitely be driving down to tear them a new @$$hole." "The entire staff is extremely compassionate and  understanding. There is no judgement. Dr. Yunis is a visionary. He is so real and straight forward which I found to be very comforting. You are in good hands here. This isn't just an office filled with doctors that perform abortions I write this review in part because I was amazed at no one had wrote one before- especially consider all the folks that I know that go to this office."  clean modern office and nice staff... And a nice view of Camelback mountain. I'm new to the valley  and they do all they can do to help you obtain a healthy mouth and a good outcome.  I recommend Dr. Belden and his staff to anyone who is looking for a great dentist!  Smile!" Simply the best dentist I have ever had in my life!  The whole office staff is excellent as well.  No other dental office I would ever go to.  (And I've been with him since he bought the practice quite a few years ago.)  however I was immediately put at ease with the staff and Dr. Matloff's professionalism and true care for my well-being. I would recommend this office to anyone! I drove over an hour to this appointment because he's the best... I'm so glad I did!" Dr Matloff and his staff are FANTASTIC!! This was my second root canal procedure with him. He was able to fit me in late in the afternoon. Mine was a difficult procedure and with only a 50-50% chance of success. He worked almost 2.5 hours but was able to save the tooth where the only other alternative was to extract the tooth and have an implant. The whole procedure was completely painless. I highly recommend him. Dr. Matloff and his staff are excellent. I broke a teeth and he fit me in same day with less than an hours notice. Walked me through the procedure and explained everything. Would definitely recommend?  gentle and knowledgeable. This dentist's office is made up of an awesome team. They made me feel comfortable and cared for Hopefully I won't need another root canal but if I do "Dr. Matlaw and his staff are fabulous! Just had my root canal and he saved my tooth from having to be pulled. Root canal was completely pain free! I actually was falling asleep during the procedure; I was so comfortable. Great experience  even though my dentist strongly recommended Dr. Matloff. The staff puts you at ease immediately I went to see Dr Cherkuri for an initial visit. I found him to be knowledgeable and empathetic. They looked busy but not rushed. The staff was overall very friendly and seemed to want genuinely talk to you. Overall it was a good experience. gVEtYzzezWoy1Jfvtv3ZLg I am going back for my 7 day checkup for the new contacts and pick up my frames.  Will check back in." "The two stars are for the young lady that helped us purchase the glasses. The doctor barely said 5 words to me  I couldn't see very clearly. I've been wearing contacts for years. Discovered that on top of all the waiting the doctor and staff are incompetent because they incorrectly ordered my contacts for me and changed my -2.75 prescription to a +2.75.  Do not go here! They suck! This is for the location at 4280 E Indian School." Good job Nationwide!  Holly" The Worst Customer Service Experience in a long time.  Long wait times while giving off lots of attitude while you wait.  Amazed at the consistency of the poor attitude of every single employee in the place.  Do yourself a favor and stay away!  when I was here long before them and I had an appointment FIRST or reschedule and come back another day. This is ridiculous.  Unacceptable.  Thank you for wasting 2 hours of my Saturday." Never again!!!!  The worst customer service and communication I've ever experienced. They should all be fired and start fresh or I can guarantee this location will be gone in less than a year. HORRIBLE!! "The doctor was great and one lady was hospitable but the rest of the staff seemed completely incompetent.  They couldn't seem to give me a proper quote on how much an eye exam would cost.  A week after my exam they still didn't have my trial contacts and weren't willing to call other locations to see if I could pick up a pair at another Nationwide.  I won't be returning Very friendly staff! Got me in and out fairly quickly for my eye exam. The doctor was completely knowledgable and answered every question I had. Left with several free pairs of contacts. Thank you!!! I Ps. Did I mention his current ones are also broken?? He's been wearing taped glasses for months  and inquisitive which is important in his practice. Overall my experience with Dr. Saavedra and Allergy Associates is that it's a good medical office that is able to meet a person's needs in terms of allergies." vDftL4Exl7ZcMVx2aPY8mQ  DON'T TAKE YOUR CHILDREN!!!  My daughter was misdiagnosed and spent two years on a medication she didn't need!  Words cannot describe how angry I was when I found this out through a reputable allergist.  I suspect that they are receiving kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies They have no courtesy or manners what so ever." This place was the only place to tell me what my chest tightness actually was. And no it was not simple asthma. They take their time with you in the room and listen to all symptoms not the ones that just they deal with all day. Everyone is helpful even the staff.  don't bother going here. My wife has been here several times and it can take her hours to get through a appointment.  Find another doctor."  literally haha ($90 for an allergy test with good insurance). I researched it after and the intradermal test they used to diagnose me is miserably inaccurate (they definitely didn't mention it though). I was falsely diagnosed positive and was given further treatment recommendations. Also abysmally long wait times. If you really need a test that will accurately show what you are allergic to you truly need to do a blood test at a well reviewed and reputable health clinic  but whenever I have to deal with the front window it's aggravating.  They have you fill out a document for a change as simple as a phone number.  My insurance administrator changed She saw my til 1208. At 1215 I went to the front and told them I had to leave. The front desk lady told me that ""she's a specialist so you have to expect she'll take a while."" My thought: then you better schedule like she takes a while." Overall I've had worse experiences at the doctor and overall find this office to be efficient and generally pleasant."  especially since the wait time was so long.   I expected better quality of service during my visit but was very disappointed."  and they prescribe topicals and send you out the door. No education about possible causes & possible preventatives (other than their topical meds). This past experience with PA Kenan was ridiculous. He wouldn't prescribe oral meds  and the other doctors assistants that work there are terrible. I went in to ask about an acne prescription and was told to eat more vegetables and wash my face regularly. Note Unbelievable.  I would highly recommend staying away from this place." What a wonderful experience!  These days it is a miracle to even get 2 minutes with the doctor.  Here I was able to ask questions and actually get some insightful answers.  I never felt uncomfortable or rushed.  I highly recommend this office.  The PAs are wonderful and Dr. Romine was very attentive! "I have been seeing Dr. Romine for a while and find her and her staff to be friendly and attentive for the most part.  I do somewhat agree that the receptionist is less than bubbly otherwise rating would be a 5  I never had a nervous moment. I required 8 stitiches in my forehead  which even the DR could not find on my recheck 6 weeks later: she did such an awesome job! The entire staff is friendly  I was referred here for a mole patrol last year and went here for a follow up a year after.  On my follow up 15 minutes later  rub the lotion on and the swelling and hives and pain get worse. I ended up driving myself to the ER the same night (last night) and was given iv fluids and benedryl which did not help. The dr.s there were convinced I had an autoimmune issue and to see a specialist. I went today to my PCP and was told I have had a severe allergic reaction to Solodyn (which contains Tetracycline) and that I have Steven's Johnson Syndrome and dermagraphism. Google it  and was optimistic for some new treatment as well as to get a prescription for a topical I had already been using.  I knew going into it I would be seeing a PA first and then meet the doctor.  I made it clear on both the written forms they have you fill out as a new patient and verbally stated to the PA that I have an autoimmune disorder and cannot take certain medications with antibiotics.  I met the doctor for only 5 minutes.  i was still given a prescription for a topical with an antibiotic in it and when i got home  and left without ever asking me if I had any questions. She was concerned with staying on schedule (she was already late) rather than treating me. The room I waited in was FILTHY--dirty dressing gowns overflowing the wastebasket and on the floor." Doctors are great but the wait is loooooong... "I've never had a great experience with Dr. Romine's staff--they're always rude. I've only seen Dr. Romine once--for only a few seconds--in all the years I've gone to her office. She's conveniently located and usually has availability Friendly professional staff PA was great talked to us not down to us. Made my daughter feel at ease and comfortable. The Dr. Came in gave her opinion told us what to expect IF it had to be removed felt confident there wasn't cause for alarm. Biopsy was done to make sure all was ok.  but apparently their clocks don't work. Just sat there for 60 minutes past my 8:45 am appointment time no complaints - i would recommend." "I saw Dr. Romine's office for a few years for acne maintenance. Eventually I decided to see one of her aestheticians for a light chemical peel.  This light peel ended up scabbing over most of my face mainly on the sides near my cheeks. I went back to  them after it started to get more severe and was told by Dr. Romine that I was actually lucky because I was getting the result of a more aggressive Laser hair removal to injections to normal up keep." I liked the office and will certainly go back  I waited over a month and a half for an appointment with her. I reconfirmed my appointment with her the week before when I called to check the address.  I arrived this morning 20 minutes early to fill out paperwork.  When I was finally brought back a PA was going to ask me questions before my visit with the Dr.....not Dr. Romine.  I said that my appointment was with Dr. Romine and she said I was scheduled with a different Dr.  This must be their normal procedure because the same thing happened to my friend there a few weeks ago. I was told Dr. Romine was booked.  When I objected and said I wouldn't meet with the other Dr. The PA left and said she'd see what she could do.  After 10 minutes I went to the desk and asked for all of the paperwork I filled out to be returned.  At this time I was told they would try to work me in.  I decided I couldn't stay at a facility with such poor customer service and underhanded practices. I also called my primary Dr. "Referred to Dr. Romine for MOH surgery to remove a basal cell carcinoma. First time so I had no idea what to expect. The staff were all excellent I spoke with most of the Dermatologist's in Phoenix who perform the procedure I wanted. They were the most competent on the phone and turned out to be just as professional and qualified once I arrived at my appointment. From the gal at the desk to the folks at check out they were nothing short of fabulous. Dr. Romine and her staff were all extremely knowledgeable and generous with their time and expertise. I will use Dr. Romine as long as I live in the area. "There's so much I could say....Long story short: DO NOT COME HERE FOR ACNE TREATMENT. I came here because I was having issues applying makeup. My skin was too dry and I wanted to have a smoother texture on my skin. I left here 4 months later with horrible  surely I can trust them to simply be straight with me about the cost of the procedure.  We're all adults here.  What other industry lacks transparency as much as healthcare?????"  no details to treatment plan at hand...save yourself frustration and time....look elsewhere!!!"  make sure you plan on an extra 30-60 minutes of waiting time past your appointment "I am so grateful to have found this office! I needed to see a Dermatologist for my rosacea. The care regimen and creams they prescribed have really helped. Everyone there was very nice and I waited only 3 minutes to be seen. The office is beautiful. The Doctor really listened to everything I said. I couldn't be happier UPDATE: I just received a return call from my primary care provider giving me a list of three excellent dermatologists in my area. After speaking with them Not impressed for all the good reviews. Main doc next to impossible to see & assistants not very good &/or engaged. Too many other good docs in town... Amazing practice. I love working with Dr Amena DeLuca. She listens carefully and provides skin care for all my family members. Including my young Daughter with severe Ezcema. Easy to schedule appointments and thorough exams. I'm so impressed with Dr DeLuca because of her time studying skin cancer at Johns Hopkins. I will definitely be coming back to this dermatologist. I saw doctor Dr. Romanes assistant and he was very thorough and friendly. He prescribed exactly what I needed. The whole staff is friendly and welcoming. I was seen quickly which is surprising for a doctor's appointment!  but would do it by making sure we had the information needed to make sure the proposed choice was a good one with some additional blood tests.  She knew about the medication I wanted to switch to and provided me with well rounded information.  Unlike previous practices This post is probably more about the billing dept Exceptional doctors that are extremely personable and take plenty of time to discuss your issues... Highly recommend Family Practice Specialists!  it's like a credit card annual fee.  This year 2012 it's $60.  I'm not one to pay annual fees at my bank  we still get pretty gnarly notices on bright yellow paper threatening to kick us out of the practice if they're not paid immediately.  Dr. Wyse is the best doctor I have ever had  etc. processing.  Really?  even couldn't be grandfathered in after i complained for being a long standing patient.  he moved from 40th & bell to camelback and i continued to see him.  i didn't ask him for more gas??!!!  i continued to make the much longer trip & nvr complained.  this took the cake.  a drs. office charging an adm fee?  argh! i have since gotten a very nice doctor around the corner i'm happy with but decided since apparently i'm still good enough for their email list and had a yelp link I also want to note that Carmen his Nurse/P.A. Is wonderful and give the same quality service as Dr. Wyse."  including Women's care issues.  Which will turn out to be very convenient in the future. I recommend!" I will finding another Doctor that is not so judgmental. If I were you Our Dr. is great but the administration fee is completely inappropriate.  They charged my wife an annual 49 fee and myself a 49 fee.  We are not going to pay $98 a year to be seen at this facility when they collect our co pay and bill our insurance company.  We will find another provider.  honest and informative.  I am never rushed and he answers all of my questions.  He is a Dr. that takes his time and listens to you.  I highly recommend him."  2/23/2013- I changed Drs because of the admin fee and the office is still trying to charge another ""administration fee"".  Soooo that pretty much means there is a bi-annual admin fee charged.  Was forced to pay the first fee because I was a patient  friendly and helpful staff... Worth the admin fee every day of the week!"  but from the feedback that I get I never have any reservation in recommending Dr. Wyse and his team of doctors and staff to any patient looking for a new PCP that doesn't treat you like a number and takes his/her time to address all your concerns."  EMR and Patient Portal cost.  I'm not sure what Lab they are referring to because every time I have blood drawn they send it off to some place called LabCorp.  Isn't this the cost of doing business?  So should I start deducting a set amount for the employees that work for me for the cost of internet and the payroll system we use?  I don't think so." "Did new sign/graphic install here and the people were very friendly and accessible. The office was busy the day we were there for this install  is not one of them. I find it very arrogant when anyone feels their time is more important than yours."  I've had to contact them several times to have the correctly coded for insurance.  The biggest problem for us was not getting refills on our medication and our medication being held hostage for regular visits every 3 to 4 months whether we are ill or not.  Most people only get 3 sick visits per year with their insurance  you want me to pay $49 a month so you can send me infomercial voicemails to spend more money at your practice?!?!  I am generally a healthy person and maybe visit the doctor once or twice a year.  They already bill my insurance up the wazoo and also charge me a co-pay every visit  intuitive and really takes the time to listen to your complaints.  I really appreciated how much time he took with me.  I've had doctors that took a rushed 5 minuted to ""listen"" to my concerns and then just wrote me a script and sent me on my way.  Dr. Francyk was different.  He looked me in the eye when I spoke to him and I knew he was really hearing me.  He spent quite a bit of time explaining possible treatment options and I finally feel like I have a doctor that cares and knows what he's doing!!!  I've seen a lot of complaints about the admin fee of $49/year....but if I need to pay a small fee to have a great doctor and staff on my side I have been to different doctors in the past and I have to say I am so pleased that I have found Jennifer Francyk P.a. She takes the time to listen and find out what's wrong. You can tell her and the other P.a. and Physicians are passionate about their jobs and they care about their patients. I have had doctors that don't follow up with me and see how I am feeling. But Jennifer cares and she will follow up with me even when she is not at the office. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Jennifer and the people at her office. I promise u wont be disappointed with them and their practice. "This office charges an annual FEE of approximately  $50 to all of their patients.  Insurance companies do not pay the fee.  It is paid by the patient.  Some at this office have tried to compare it to and equating the $50 yearly fee to a ""gym membership"" when it is really nothing but pure Greed.  I also know of one Doctor in this office who has bad mouthed other doctors within the same office.  Wonder if they have any kind of ""code of ethics?""  I highly suggest you find a different medical/doctor's office." She just wasn't pleasant at all and I would never see her again. They also charge an annual fee for having you in their system that isnt covered by insurance. There are so many better practices out there I don't think Ill be going back to this one."  telling me I haven't paid my bill!  I have spoken to the office to no avail. The calls are more like I would think a collection agency would make  I should have too. I won't mention the other doctors I saw because I never had a negative experience with them. Great doctors. I moved to Florida last May and called them in September to have my medical records faxed over. Then they decide to charge me the annual patient fee!? I'm not even a patient anymore and I am being charge for a fax? Very upset that the practice charges a ridiculous fee." This place is garbage and their doctors are garbage too. Two different doctors haven't been able to do anything for me but send me huge bills...thieves. I have read that many patients now use online tools to explore treatments because they don't feel that physicians explain all aspects of treatment. Dr. Tyler Southwell goes above and beyond by explaining the diagnosis  Dr. Southwell. He is the most understanding and kind doctor I think I have ever met. He listens and doesn't judge me for the meds and conditions that I have. He doesn't belittle me because of my age and has honestly changed my life by helping me improve more than i thought possible. My family couldn't be more grateful for what he's done and everyone has seen a difference in my health and emotional well being. The other doctor that is so per sweet and nice is Dr. Wyse. He's kind gentle and understanding and listens to his patients. I only have this place 4 stars because of the other doctors in the practice. I won't give specific names but there are 2 other doctors and a nurse practitioner that I have seen that are rude "my 2 yr old granddaughter was restrained without her mother's permission to put a cap back on her molar. Twenty five minutes had passed since the assistant took the baby back... so I asked where she was and was told she was in the xray room... She was finally brought out and her face was beat red and she was all sweaty and still sobbing.. the assistant admitted that they had her in a ""quiet room"" instead they should have brought me or mom to calm her down. The baby kept telling me that ""they"" tied her down and gave her a boo boo. We will be filing a complaint with the american dental association. ..."  very professional and helped ease my nervous children to becoming calm about having their cavities filled.  I could not believe how good and patient he was with the children.  Thank you so much for helping my children with their dental care Kidz Connextion!"  and the office looked so kid friendly.  The whole experience really helped my 3 children feel comfortable going to the dentist.  I certainly would recommend them to my friends and family." And when they try again one of those animals told him "" if u do it again u will clean the mess"" . they are lucky he just told me until now after months"  and had to walk out at least 3 times to look at them as I kept asking questions. The management has been HORRIBLE in dealing with an insurance issue I have been having. Not returning calls and being extremely uncooperative when I do get them on the phone. The only thing that gives this place even 1 star is the dental assistants "I see Dr Clark and Dr Corcoran here as my primary physicians and have since high school. They're both very efficient and warm people - ideal doctors.  It's an older neighborhood near their office so I'm usually a LOT younger than the patients waiting Additionally the staff there act as if they are doing you a favor by taking your money. I have never witnessed such nonchalant behavior at a doctors office. Ridiculous" 5 stars for the doctors but not happy about the 1-2+ hour wait time EVERY. SINGLE. VISIT. Finding a new doctor because of this unfortunately. So disappointing! I was very disappointed and won't be sending any of my friends to this doctor." I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews.  I've never had a bad experience here-  Not that I'm here often.  But I've gone in for an annual checkup and follow up.  The office staff was friendly.  Dr Corcoran was quite personable.  The team that did blood work was friendly.  They have an app that lets you view your results and helped me register.  You can also schedule your visit from the app.  The whole process was pretty efficient. What a great Plastic Surgeon!!!!  Dr Meger and his staff are the best!!! Family like atmosphere!!! I wouldn't go anywhere else "I absolutely loved everything about my experience with Dr. Meger. I was very nervous about my surgery and he answered every last question I had- he even let me come in for a second consultation so I felt comfortable. His staff is super professional and friendly- Jovita is amazing! Not only is the care top notch but I felt his prices were very reasonable  Dr. Meger and his amazing staff provided me with the best care possible! If you are looking for the best you should call them now!! Prepare to have amazing results  I think this practice has a knowledgeable staff and I really felt at ease and that I was in good hands. I am very pleased with my experience and plan to use them in the future if I need another procedure."  Dr. Meger and the staff are very professional and they treat you with personal care and service.  The procedure was quick and my healing only lasted a few days I highly recommend Dr. Meger and his staff to take amazing care of your needs." "He has now done both of breast augmentations surgeries.  I have traveled to him from out of state for both.  His contour and breast shape is hands down top of the line.  They are supportive and answer all questions  but I felt the need to write my first online review due to this negative experience."  I felt loved and well taken care of. Dr Meger was so thorough and the outcome has been excellent. (I had 15 yr old implants changed.) I have already recommended Dr Meger to a few friends. One of whom had a procedure and was also ecstatic. If you're on this site looking to make the right decision on a surgeon  he would not respond to my letters or phone calls. He wouldn't even do the right thing! Maybe he just needs to stick with breasts! Don't let him touch your face!!! Even if he's received one good review Everytime I go to Dr Meger's office I feel like I am among my friends. It's hard to tell someone your insecure and then what you need help with. This is a group of people that are 100% professional all while being your best friend! I highly recommend that you set up a consult and you will be impressed like I was. Great staff and Dr. Merger does excellent work. So happy with my results and I felt comfortable the whole time. My wife is absolutely tickled pink and while I have always thought her beautiful Absolutely amazing! From the moment I walked into the door for my consultation to my post op appointments they have been awesome! My mommy makeover results are fabulous and I'm only a few weeks post op. I am constantly getting compliments on how good I look already and Minot even close to being completely healed yet! highly recommend them to everyone!  professionalism and  amazing customer service. I have finally made my decision and will have Dr. Meger do my Mommy Makeover. I'm scheduled to have my procedure done in July 2016 and I can't wait." Dr. Meger does a great job with whatever you might need. He and his staff are very friendly and take great care of each patient. I will update my post after my surgery." "Dr. Meger was recommended by a friend and I'm so glad she did!   I am impressed and LOVE the results from my surgery on 5/31.  Everyone in the office is professional and caring. After my procedure Terrible place where the people make you feel like sh*t about yourself. But then again it's a place run by the church. They weren't supportive and almost made things worse with lies filled with fear. Not recommended at all. This place is AWESOME! They really help women! I felt all my questions were answered. I didn't have any insurance and this was affordable. "Life Choices is always my choice for my well woman check. I have referred them to my friends and clients. The staff is always friendly and have given me great referrals for other services. I chose Life Choices because their fees were less than half the cost of my Previous Doctor but they are not just affordable  I have a huge issue with divulging ""why I'm here"" at the front window while there are other present. I don't appreciate that I fill out a lengthly form and still have to announce why I'm here. That's personal information. So improvements are: Ensure staff are there because they care and not just for a job and don't ask me what I'm there for in the open. Otherwise this clinic is clean "If I could give less than 1 star I would. I went to Dr. Kwark for the first 5 months of my first pregnancy and it was probably the worst experience of my life. As I said it is my FIRST pregnancy so... maybe for people on baby 3 or 4 she might be a good choice but for me it was awful. She never explained ANYTHING that was happening or that she was doing to me. I never even got information on what I could eat! I had a really really rough start and she never tried to work out what was wrong or help me in any way. She would make vague statements about things being abnormal or odd and I should see this or that specialist and set me to panicking  but I can tell you that what she had is definitely not normal. I and several people I know go to this doctor and she's absolutely wonderful." Its a blissful visits always .. very good at giving suggestions and time to new moms and dads Doctor was nice and staff is nice but I would have taken the wait a lot better if they just said - hey the Doctor is running late."  calming my fears and helping us understand everything that was going on.  He helped us make choices about the pregnancy and how we wished to deliver.  He listened to my concerns and made me feel like he was taking me seriously "I saw Dr. Kaufman for my first 2 pregnancies. He's very understanding & even talked with me about struggles outside of pregnancy "I've been in health care for a decade and THIS is the only pediatrician office I know of that is open 6 days a week year round and 7 days a week during the cold/flu season! Not only was my kid's appointment honored ON TIME but I was in and out in half an hour! Oh  not to mention my son was given unnecessary x rays of his brain and prescribed harsh mrsa antibiotics he never needed  they're open on the weekends! Who does that? I feel 100% confident about recommending them." "I feel very lucky to have found Pediatric Associates. I've heard horror stories from other friends about experiences with their pediatricians so I know how rough finding the right doctor can be. A friend recommended Dr. Padrez so I decided to give him a shot. From our first visit I have felt nothing but confidence in him. He has a great demeanor with my son and I have so far had a very healthy little boy. What I like most about the office is how efficiently they get you in and out on time. There is no need to get there more than fifteen minutes prior to your appointment. Having waited over an hour at other doctor's offices  kind and willing to answer any questions. I've never had a bad experience here and that says something because I am very picky with Dr.'s offices especially if they are caring for my daughter."  false promises to send to referral dr.s and finally a decision Dr Lersch would not support a referral to a speech therapist even though he diagnosed him as tongue tied. What a run around!" "We have been going to Dr. Lersch for 12 years and we love him.  I don't love the PA they have there.  She has been rude and not very helpful every time I have seen her.  The first time I saw her was the first time my baby was sick enough to bring her to the doctor   she would have to see another dr. Because he was always booked. My daughters 16 months and she's seen her dr. Only about 3 times out of the 10 she's been to the drs. Not to mention everytime they have another dr look at her it was another 76 patient establishment charge I had to pay.  That was ridiculous.  When I called in to ask if I should bring my daughter in asap  but apparently this office believes so. Without being offered a reasonable explanation I can only assume that this office enjoys a nice financial backslapping arrangement with the hospitals that refer the patient whom they are accepting." I am never returning and would advise if your child is really sick Doctor Lococo is Great... secretaries are pretty unfriendly :( they should hire friendlier staff  then a girl takes me back to a dark room with ""roller"" machines and ""tens"" units are placed in tight areas for loosening up before my adjustment.  If you are looking for a great deep tissue massage I highly recommend scheduling an appointment with Journey." I'm finally on the road to recovery! My only regret is that I didn't come to see her sooner!!  She genuinely cares about her patients  but it doesn't matter at all. So don't judge.  You'll never go anywhere else.  The receptionist is always lovely to interact with as well."  a couple suggestions are provided by the doctor to support a healthy spine.  The office has chiropractic service as well as acupuncture and therapeutic message services.  Lisa does very well with the therapeutic message but she is hard get an appointment for since I typically drop in on the fly. The upfront administrators are nice and greet you by your first name. They are also open on Saturday with Dr. Frank and he has a more traditional type of technique." Dr Patti and Lana are amazing and truly care about their patients. I've known Dr Patti for 15 years and she remembers everything about you and what works for you. I don't want to even write a review because if she's to busy I won't be able to get in! This place is amazing and u wish there wetter more chiropractor's offices like this  he is awesome. The entire staff is outstanding!"  but I just think this place is the absolute pits when it comes to their business practices. Not a lot of integrity. I can't speak for the entire Holiday organization  my mom loves the food and All Care Services have been very nice and helpful with managing my mom's medications." The managers Tracy and Carl are awesome! They are genuinely great caring individuals. The faciltiy is very nice. The staff is always pleasant. Office is pleasant and organized. Great experience with new doc - Dr. Joshua Millstein. He took the time to listen and explain things. I love Dr. Millstein! He is the best! He is very kind and compassionate. When I'm sick and feel vulnerable and upset it helps to know that I'm in good hands with my doctor. The ladies at the front are very sweet as well. Dr. Joshua Millstein is AMAZING! He is a wonderful doctor and a kind man. He is the kind of doctor that legitimately cares. If you want a great doctor he is the one!  he actually listens to what you have to say.  He follows up on his patient's. He saved my husband's life. If it were not for Dr Millstein _SZwP-ddcBpw7aZsCQKSww please contact me! Lawyers too! This man must account for his actions and inactions and must be stopped!"  please help me (and all of us affected)!" I was very impressed with my visit and would recommend their services to anyone."  I decided Moon Valley Chiropractic is no longer for me." j43AVGhTlo0daQi_r4_8iQ  accommodating and always a joy to be around. Dr. Riechow took the time to thoroughly examine and understand my issues prior to and during any ongoing treatment. I highly recommend him and his team for massages and chiropractic adjustments!" "Dr. Reichow is caring and works really hard to get to the root of problems. I've been suffering from neck problems for years 7aGRXdKyjhAilq3XnzZkiw Life long loyal patient :)"  but make it quick because this office is efficient and punctual! Dr. Ortale is a dentist who goes above and beyond to be sure his patients receive his focused care and attention to their needs. He is extremely thorough and is absolute about providing the best dental care possible.  Whether he is treating me or my small children I can only hope to find as good of a dentist after our next move. I highly recommend this practice!"  always had the answers to all my questions. Always made sure I was comfortable and at ease! I will not hesitate next time Dr Ortale is great with my son who is physically and mentally disabled. He treats him with respect and has won him over. My son does not like to lay back and have water sprayed in his mouth let alone have someone mess with cleaning his teeth. Dr Ortale is patient and reassuring so my son lets him clean his teeth.  Wouldn't go anywhere else. There are also 2 offices. One is on the NE corner of 56th Street and Bell and the other is on 7th Street  who immediately put my daughter at ease and explained her injury then did a set of xrays.  Dr. Gruber then came in and let us know the course of treatment. Orders were sent out then and there and the nurses were also fabulous!!!  I cannot say enough good things about this office and the way we were treated. Thank you Arizona Bone & Joint Specialists for restoring my faith in the medical profession!!" "I saw Dr Tindall for a knee issue that hasn't been resolved.  I usually sit for anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour each time  I met with PA (I believe her name was Kelly) and she took quite a while with me trying to understand symptoms and possible causes.  She relayed the info to Dr. Bruns saving me the trouble of repeating myself."  Dr. Schafer sent me to the best PT around-Aris.  And Dr. To went to school and studied with the same surgeons as my hand MD in Orange County  not just billing and works harder on me when I'm in his office than any other Dr. I have seen. He is a guy who seems to be aware that he is providing a SERVICE - and delivers it with great skill and compassion. Take it from a reformed skeptic like me and see him for help when you need it. I have also bought massage gift certicicates as gifts with 5 star reviews. He treated me after some stupid cow slammed into me at full speed while I was stopped at a red light and helped reduce chronic and agonizing pain pain I suffered for almost a year." I highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a fantastic chiropractor.  I wouldn't consider going to any other chiropractor."  acupressure and chiropractic work together fixed me right up." "Dr. Nick Warner always does a great job! He is always professional and has a clean I was afraid of going to a chiropractor because I know that they do adjustments and I had already been injured by more than one physical therapist. A friend who has been a patient of dr. Warner's for over 10 years kept telling me that I needed to go see him. After 10 years I finally went  ""How is your day?"" or ""How have you been?"" Worst patient treatment. They never seem to keep things on record for the life of them. I came with my mom only for a referral for a skin doctor and have already waited 20 mins to get taken back "worst doctor's office I have ever been too. They let the  answering machine answer calls for days on end and never call back! Left 5 messages. Prescribed me a medicine my insurance doesnt cover and 3 weeks later still have not changed it  the Dr is a great dentist and is also very caring. They did a great job and made me feel at ease." Dr rick is by far the best dentist my son has seen in 6years. I recommend anyone to take thier little ones. Wee care dental has been taking care of my children for the last twelve years! They are kind considerate they listen and are very friendly! The office is always clean and welcoming. Dr. Rick and his friendly staff are always there to answer any questions and always have a smile on their faces. Most people fear going to the dentist when I tell my children it's dentist day you would think we were going to Disneyland. We recently went for our 6 month cleaning and before we left my son asked when we could come back! If you have ever had a bad experience with a dentist or are looking for a dentist please go to wee care. 5 stars aren't enough.  love Wee Care Dental.  In our house nicknamed 'The Koala Doctor'.  We have been going here since my kids were toddlers and they are now teenagers.  I can't say one negative thing about these guys.  My daughter is 16 and I mentioned maybe going to a 'grownup' dentist and she said no way.  She wants to stay with Dr. Rick until they kick her out.  Not one negative thing to say about these guys." We have been coming to Dr. Rick Meyers for almost 10 years now and their staff has been amazing to us!  They treat us like family even when they only see us twice a year.    Any time we have any questions or concerns they make sure we are satisfied with our care.  My two boys will grow up NEVER having a fear of going to the dentist because of Dr. Meyers and his staff!  Is it possible for kids to love going to the dentist?! Yes!  for anyone out there looking for a podiatrist Thank you yelp. Thank you Gabi. For this foot friendly find!"  so I took a chance and went to see him.  I was impressed with his courteous staff and knowledgeable nurses.  I went to see him because I had an ingrown toenail.  I was nervous because I would soon be going on vacation and wanted to make sure it wouldn't hinder my ability to walk.  He did an excellent job and I was back walking in a day with no problems afterwards.  Not only are his skills superb Dr. Lowry was awesome. Great bedsides manner and more than willing to answer any question I had. He worked wonders with my foot Spurs. Wouldn't recommend anyone else!  this time to treat an ingrown toenail.  I really like Dr. Lowy and the procedure went very smoothly. My only complaint : I had the procedure right before a long weekend the night of my procedure was the hardest because when the numbing wore off it did burn. but I woke i love you the next morning with absolutely no pain! I had one day off and back to work the next and I've been wearing my nikes and everything has been great. I'm so glad I got this done. please go to Dr. Lowy if you have foot and ankle problems. you will be taken care of and you will be problem free afterwards. if you are getting something done like me or need this done He will not take anything but checks or cash and you can still file your insurance claims but if you don't have it Dr Mc Junkin is the best Chiropractor I've. Ever known. If he can't cure your pain in 1 to 3 sessions then it can't be done!!! He also utilizes accupuncture and other techniques. And he is a super nice man. Prices are so reasonable. He should ask for more! "I have been seeing Dr. McJunkin off and on for years. When exercise and regular massages do not help "The doctor is very experienced and was recommended by my MD for terrible lower back pain I was experiencing. I never went to a chiropractor before.  He did Acupunture for 15 mins and made two quick chiropractic adjustments to my back.  Within one day I was feeling much better Wonderful staff and Dr. Meek is a great vision specialist.  if you can't do stairs. It's to the left as you look at the building." I have been wearing glasses for 36 years and this was by far the worst experience that I have ever had and recommend you pay a little more for better service and quality." "This was my first time getting glasses at this place and my last time for sure. The doctor was very nice and professional but his staff is the anchor that will sink that ship. I went in did the full exam with the upgraded digital eye test etc. come to find out I need reading glasses to which I knew already. They recommended transitional lenses with no bifocal lines Q383iRdm4xwGeuLbj9Qjgw  is one of those rare finds in a chiropractic clinic. She is an experienced and talented massage therapist whom I highly recommend." Will definitely return!" UiWPs9YknUZk7R6POM80og "I've been seeing Dr. Keightley ever since my family moved here in 1990.  He is simply the best.  His office provides allergy shots in addition to their normal services and I would definitely recommend them to anyone who struggles with allergies Dr. Keightley is a hidden jewel in the valley. Very smart and knowledgable.  Small office with staff. You are actually seen on time!!!!! My 4 year old and Myself are going through allergy shots and the nurse does a great job with both of us.  because the lady forgot to do the other testing. My total bill was over $500 and mind you I have insurance through a Fortune 500 company. I called and left a message for Gina which she never called after two weeks so I finally called back. She was rude and said she had been doing this for 15 years and would barely let me get a word in. I don't recommend this allergist at all. They said that as an adult it's hard to detect allergies through the blood (which would have been one visit) so they had me do the tests on site. No wonder  runny nose and all and the doctor chuckles and says ""I'm trying to figure out why you are here to see me."" Literally those were his words. I blew it off. He advised that they would do one set of tests on day one and I had to come back to do a second set of tests on day two. This is because they only test on the arms and there wasn't enough arm space. When I asked the doctor why he doesn't test anywhere else on the body he told me it was simply so his patients could see the results  friendly and very thorough.  Ingrid and Celeste really get to know the patients and are wonderful with children who might be frightened when it come to shots.  I'm prone to sinus infections and when i could not get into see my primary care physician he had no problem checking me out that day and got me started on anti-biotics." I would not recommend this office to anyone. I have met several other pregnant women who have also switched doctors after visiting them." I will say that the nurses I've experienced there are a little short and lacking personality  how I felt and to answer my questions.  His nurse is a doll and she always takes the time to get to know me and where I am at emotionally on the process.  This office is dedicated to the goals of the patient and focused on real care.  While there is a bit of a wait nEaJwY77drRqQkJqcd9LRg  and I will now have to wait until my next menstruation to discover more information about my ovarian cysts and polyps due to their oversight."  but that doctor basically beat around the bush to tell me I was miscarrying instead of telling me flat out.  My husband literally played 20 questions with that doc to get a simple answer.  It was ridiculous.  Also in Novemeber I had the office call me on two different ocassions to reschedule because they made a ""scheduling error"".  As far as I'm concerned thats something they should fix since people take time off to make appts in the first place.  Fast forward to today  has always made me feel comfortable during an uncomfortable moment. Sometimes the wait is really really long which makes it tough for work. Stick with early AM appts and the wait shouldn't be too long."  who also enjoy seeing her. Two thumbs up to Julie and the staff at Camelback Women's Health!"  he managed to get her out and keep me calm at the same time. He genuinely cares about seeing the baby and having ultrasounds. Unlike many other doctors he doesn't hold back on ultrasounds This place is a mess.  Expect to wait an hour after your appointment time.  The front office personnel is incompetent.  Very disappointing. Over all this place is extremely unprofessional and is not a good choice for a first time mom or any mom. They obviously do not have the bedside manner to deal with a difficult pregnancy or with a woman who has to deal with a difficult decision." nEaJwY77drRqQkJqcd9LRg I would recommend Dr. Nelson and the Camelback Women's Health group to women of all ages.  My experience there was 5 star and Dr. Nelson is my doctor from here on out!  Dr. Nelson rocks!" I went into labor at the hospital at 8pm and dilated until about 4 am that morning. Dr. O'sullivan didn't show up until almost 6am. My daughter sat in the birth canal so long that when she was born she was not breathing. My heart dropped when I didn't hear my baby crying. What did the doctor do? Nothing! Absolutely nothing. She stood there looking so confused. The nurses ran the baby over to the table and called a code. Other nurses literally ran in and revived my daughter getting her to breathe. Dr . O'sullivan did not even touch my daughter once while all that happened she just watched. If it wasnt for the amazing staff at good Sam my daughter would not be here or may have had long term effects. Even worse is that the same thing happened to my cousin. Dr O'sullivan was her OB and took a very long time to show up at the hospital as well. My cousin had already had two children so she knew the risks of waiting and told the hospital she's not waiting anymore so go get the doctor on staff. The dr at the hospital delivered her baby with no problems but just imagine if she had waited for Dr. O'sullivan to show up what could have happened." As pleased as punch I had a very negative experience with my first health care center but now I could not be more pleased. Dr. Nelson is Amazing and so kind. I started coming here on the recommendation of a good Friend. Everything is handled in a completely professional manner. Only one time did I have an extra long wait time but it was explained to me when I checked in. the entire staff is professional and warm. they remember you ever time you return and are always smiling. I would recommend this office to any of my friends!!!!  she just wanted to butcher me for her financial sake. As if she had a ballon payment due & I could've been her ticket. It's been 5 months since she & her hospital team threatened I would die. Makes me wonder how many others she has victimized."  even though I was extremely clear about what I was coming in for. I demanded my copay be refunded and left. I do not recommend this practice at all!" Dr. Nelson is awesome! I strongly recommend him. He's very direct and to the point which I'm sure some people don't like but that's my kind of doctor. I had my daughter in January and now he is my go to gyno. I was very pleased with him. I am a first time mom so I had lots of questions and he always answered them. "This place will make u upset every time u come because the wait times are excruciatingly long and nobody here gives a crap about it. The front desk is defensive and rude from the start. I have come here multiple times and waited upwards of two hours. Not exaggerating Lousy! You're a file number.  but she is extremely knowledgable and takes excellent care of her patients. The MA's and all of the N.P's are wonderful as well. I can say that everyone I encountered throughout my pregnancy and postpartum time truly enjoyed their job."  but am torn between letting it go and moving on. At least I can warn others to make a better decision about their healthcare. She is too busy for you at the very least and incompetent at best. Please consider my story in your decision. Thank you."  I finally am seeing a high risk specialist and after the treatment I   received I would recommend that pregnant women find a different office it will save you a lot of stress." Another amazing delivery by Dr. Nelson. I feel blessed to have had such a great Dr. deliver my two babies. I will be back for number three.  Lisa nurse)but the all the staff are just so unprofessional and not here to help. Hope the staff get there stuff together."  ""I already waited four hours and took two trips to see you and you're very unprofessional I was told to leave when I was on time for my appointment but you can make me wait for four hours and two trips for a referral.  That is so self-fish and uncaring!  I called to tell him it would be great for wasting my time and disrespecting a single mom whom gets NO child support or government help that since he wasted fours hours of my time at Christmas he could waive the $75.00 co pay since my insurance paid him.  He can't remember.  Well....guess what!  I do!  He also said when my results came since my tumors in my uterus were so bad he would call as soon as he received results.  HE NEVER CALLED EITHER!  DO NOT GO HERE!  BEWARE!"  and you're ruining it because you wouldn't listen to his instructions. It's your fault you had a C-section and I don't think it's right that it's going to reflect badly on him. "" She said something along those lines and left. Her only intention for coming into our room was to spite my wife. I don't think I've ever experienced anything as rude or unprofessional as the actions of Dr. O'Sullivan that night. It was awful." I think working in the medical field is increasingly challenging.  I am grateful for the high quality care we receive in this country.  It's such a better experience if you feel someone actually cares about you.  You will have to do some work to consistently find that experience here."  so they go and have sex with some guy whose slept with 300+ women while you've (she's) been married all those years. And they end up with herpes."" And then she follows that lovely story by telling me ""The only people who are dumber than my teenagers are the 40-something divorced women."" I'm pretty much in shock at this point. So she goes on to say ""... So just be sure and protect yourself and use a condom when you're out there sowing your wild oats"". I could not believe my ears. My family life is falling apart  she recommended I get an ultrasound for my heavy cycles and cramping her office called me and said I needed a biopsy and to make an appointment. I said I was not going to make an appointment for something that serious until I A) know the results of my ultrasound and B) I speak to Erin 0'Sullivan. They proceeded to tell me that she would speak to me at my appointment.  What...?? I've have never been treated that way by a doctor ever. I think the courtesy of a call from her was warranted. I have moved on to Mayo Clinic and I am so happy! There was no need for a biopsy! And "This is a horrible clinic with unscrupulous doctors and impolite staff. I was lucky enough that I found out how terrible Dr. Kathleen Schwartz was before my delivery. They are extremely unethical  the receptionist was talking to someone else in the background and not paying attention to me. She was short and rude. I get you are busy but this is the type of place where you want to feel important especially because this will be my first pregnancy. If I can't even get through now Wanted to go here because it's so convenient location wise but definitely worth the drive to find a staff that still treats their patients with courtesy and respect." I will continue to stay with this practice because of the great care from the physicians and NPs I am forever grateful for Dr Schwartz being so respected in the hospital and so knowledgeable. I truly believe that my delivery would have been high risk if it wasn't for her. I will never go to another doctor."  horrible acne and horrible mood swings). She also wanted to argue with me on this one. My primary back home for eight years has NEVER done this or made me feel inept at choosing my birth control. She certainly did not deny me the option to be on it. I needed to schedule a follow-up appointment (it took them a day to call me back) and I scheduled this. I asked if prior to that appointment (in two weeks) if I could come get on some form of birth control. To my surprise  and kind. I came in for my yearly pap and to discuss birth control. Britney and Jen were amazing! The woman at the front desk was also very sweet and clear in her directions. After having a really bad experience at my first OBGYN that I found after moving to Phoenix ZcaBYLRDDY4ecAPDGWBQzA ZcaBYLRDDY4ecAPDGWBQzA  but now I wish I was completely done with them. The nurses are rude and complain about actually doing their jobs. They find filling out maternity paperwork to be a hassle and don't fill it out correctly. When your company calls you to inform you of this the nurse becomes even ruder to you and explain that your not their patient. Well I feel i shouldn't have to babysit and make sure paperwork that was sent back twice now should be completed properly and not blow me off. To top it off my doctor seems to now be a complete space case lately and cant seem to keep up with what week I'm on "This review is for the Camelback office. This office has been very difficult since I started going there last month for my pregnancy.  I was referred by a friend to Dr O'Sullivan and because of an emergency I was only able to get in with Dr De Santo.  I have had about 3 about in a 6 week time.  The three appointments I had made were made to my convenience PS  I see someone seems to have something against my Dr but we can tell your reviewS are fake.  :p" "Went to Julie for Botox injections today. I had picked her because of her training by Allergan the maker of Botox. She is very professional and you can tell that she is an expert in Botox injections. Very pleasant atmosphere I went to see Julie at Camelback Women's Aesthetics 2 weeks ago for some Botox. I have had Botox before and am very familiar with it's use. But I found Julie to be outstanding! I wrote a review soon after receiving the injections but am not sure if it posted. I'm so impressed with Julie that I decided to write a followup to make sure that it got posted. Julie is an Allergan certified trainer for Botox injections and it shows. She is super friendly but more importantly she knows what she is doing. Does not try to oversell the product and is very honest on how much you need. The injections were painless and no bruising. I will return when needed and look forward to it.  she is very personable and makes you feel like an old friend when you come to see her. I would highly recommend her if you are looking to try Botox." I asked if since I lived up the street if I could come back in an hour and was  told ""no"" they would take me back right away.  To do what?  Sit there naked in a gown for an hour and a half?  No thanks!  Will be going elsewhere from now on."  I am always told that someone will be in touch when the results are back.  That has yet to happen.  Usually I wait way past the date someone is supposed to be in touch and then have to call.  Half the time they say they don't have the results back yet but it later turns out that they did.  The left hand doesn't seem to know what the right hand is doing.  I'll keep going there for the quality of the care but they could really use a kick-ass practice manager." The office is conveniently located on Tatum near Paradise Valley. The people who work here are always very nice. Sometimes you have to wait a little while to be seen but at what doctor's office do you not? Last time around my appointment was accidentally scheduled for the other office but they were able to see me here on time anyway.  this was my 2nd c-section so Dr. De Santo cleaned up my previous scar and tissue and left me looking flawless! He truly cares about your overall health as well and will make life improving suggestions to you. Great practice OH his nurse Esther is pretty awesome as well! Don't let being put on h" Looking for another obgyn now." I love the fact that I found this office after having a horrendous experience with another OBGYN (Tara brodkin). I don't know how people complain about the waiting time. I've always been helped in time. The ladies in the front desk are very nice and every time I call I've never been put on hold. They ALWAYS answer your questions. I see Dr. De Santo and he's just simply AMAZIG. I trust him a lot because you can tell how knowledgeable he is. He answers all your questions and gives you a lot of ultrasounds to check on baby. I'm so happy I found a doctor I feel I can trust with my first pregnancy. I wouldn't go anywhere else! Even the lady that draws your blood is such a pro. I'm always scared to death to have my blood taken but I swear she takes like 2 seconds and makes it so quick it's impressive.  and most importantly Dr. Nelson was the best doctor I could have ever asked for. He always listened to my concerns and is extremely knowledgeable and reassuring. I wouldn't have anyone else deliver my babies."  and very over priced.  They tell you that you have to get all these things before you can get what you actually even need to come in for." Love Dr DeSanto and his MA Esther. Lab Corp lady in here is great too! All the NPs I've come across have been wonderful too. Been coming for 4+ years. Also want to say Tracy Innes is awesome.  Thanks!"  and they frequently change insurance policies without contacting their patients about having to find a new office. I have never been so disgruntled with an office experience in my life and I would highly recommend finding absolutely anywhere else to take your business." "I was pregnant and my new dr was O'sullivan. It was my first pregnancy so I was so excited.  The staff was nice buti was always waiting 30 mins to an hourafter my scheduled appointment.  Dr. O'sullivan was always very short with me and made me feel dumb for asking questions.  When I gave birth I was referred to Camelback Women's by my primary doctor. I called to schedule an appointment and the office receptionist was not friendly at all. She also had a tone like she was annoyed that I was asking questions... long story short I did not schedule my appointment with them and I can see that others have had a similar experience. "Been going here 17 years. Can't say enough good things about them. Great practice. Docs Nelson and DeSanto are so good. Very real and take their role in your life seriously. Every NP has been great. Recently saw Stefanie Davis and was again impressed with the level of care this practice keeps providing. From the phone ppl  cancelled on my first appointment about 30 minutes before I was supposed to arrive.  I rescheduled with her and patiently waited 4 more weeks.  When I arrived to my second appointment "I give the office 4 stars because I like Dr. DeSanto.  He answers my questions thoroughly.  He seems to be very calming.  The front desk can be unfriendly at times I see Dawn and she is just wonderful."  I still had a lot of discomfort with vaginal drying.  So I was intrigued with this new procedure. I spoke with the staff about this new procedure and decided to set up my first appointment with Dr. Nelson.  Not really knowing what to expect at the first appointment  however will gladly take my business elsewhere when they could care less about their patients. Look at all the other reviews and go somewhere else where the staff cares about you." I plan to use CWH for more professional and medical services in the future. Keep up the excellent work!" she is the absolute best. I would not go anywhere else. Highly recommend her !!"  he exhibits genuine care and compassion for his patients.  I had a lot of fears regarding a laparoscopic surgery that I needed and Dr. DeSanto was patiently persistent with helping me go through with it.  He performed the surgery yesterday and I am absolutely relieved.  He did not pressure me into having anything done that wasn't absolutely medically necessary and I appreciate that.  My scarring is minimal  here's an update! just had to call for my lab results as instructed by Jodie. The receptionist I spoke to was such a ..... Jodie adv me that it's mandatory I have the results today.! I'm pregnant & need to make sure my hormone levels are where they need to be. The woman on the phone couldn't provide me with the information needed. She was extremely rude. Said she would leave a message for someone to call me & couldn't guarantee that id get a call back today. I have half a mind to just go up there considering this is involving the well being of my child but I'll wait a few hours for the call back."  go elsewhere if you don't want headaches caused by the billing department." I saw Dr Lykin and thought he was very professional. He'll take the extra time needed to answer any questions and he's very friendly. He took the time to checkup on me at the hospital the day after the surgery. The scar after my surgery was very small and other medical professionals have commented on how good it looks. The office does offer forms on their website that you can fill out prior to your visit which is great way to save time. The biggest surprise was the refund I received because I was overcharged for my surgery. The office probably could have kept the amount which was over $100 and I wouldn't have known. So I think their name is fitting.  suppose to have surgery in two days and I canceled both!   The office insisted that I had to pay before the surgery (to the tune of $35)...but they hadn't billed for the kids last appointment.  If they had we would be at our deductible and owe NOTHING!  The lady argued with me about it...I was so upset Complete rip off. They should be ashamed It's too soon to tell how successful this will be in addressing the chronic issues I've been having but all in all  only their wallets.  Take your business and hard earned cash somewhere else.  I know I will." Office staff sucks! The pdf online was not even fillable and the lady behind the desk tried to argue with me about it. They want you to come in every time just so that they can get paid by the insurance company and the rip-off copay of $40. to be in and out in 5 minutes. Also they had the nerve to invite a student doctor without asking me in advance. Stay away from this place.  my son was a good candidate and that I could order the $200+ treatment for 3 months (not covered by insurance) and pay with my credit card over the phone. I did call back (at least twice) to order the treatment and was told I would get another call to pick-up the treatment. My credit card was promptly charged e0B-vLvKxGiGV_pTT7vwcg  I thought Dr. Bailey was good based on my brief encounter with him (which is why I'm willing to give this place a 2nd star). However  the pain in my throat is far worse than the painful tonsillitis I suffered from prior to the surgery.  When I went back and told the doctor about my pain  they asked me to arrive 15 minutes early. I did. It is now 54 minutes past my appointment time and still waiting to be seen. Hopefully He was highly recommended by my doctor but too much hassle and too far for me to drive."  I made 2 phone calls to the office manager and she has yet to return the phone calls. I suppose they are only at their jobs to collect their paychecks as they run the Doctors business with potential patients into the ground. I would not recommend going to this office only because of the lazy office staff. I feel sorry for the doctors that will and have lost patients due to the carelessness of employees." SO MANY MISTAKES!!!  Stay away from this place and it's doctors!  Don't risk your health and well being! I was referred to Dr. Lykins by my dentist for a parotidectomy.  I had seen another Doctor prior and wanted to get a second opinion.  I appreciated the professionalism; the time taken to explain the surgery to me and the follow through after the surgery.  The only negative was the difficulty scheduling an appointment.  I had some concerns about a week and a half after surgery.  I felt like I needed to come into the office or at least have Dr. Lykins call.  I started calling at 8am on a Friday and called 3 more times that day.  No return call until 5pm that night.  I was told I would need to come in Monday at 8am or it would be another week before I could get an appointment.  I ended up going to the Monday appointment but worried the whole weekend.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Lykins! I've tried other ENT's only to be disappointed and see no results for my issue. Within 15 min of visiting with Dr. Lykins I felt I was in the right spot. He diagnosed my symptoms and had a plan by the second visit. I highly recommend Dr. Lykins. I went to several ENT's without relief before trying this one. I was diagnosed and provided options by my second visit. I no longer have the breathing problems I once had. On a side note I never had any issues with the staff.  the staff is not friendly and or attentive. The lack of customer service and willingness to work with you is what will prevent me from returning. They sent my statements to the incorrect address after I requested the address to be updated and never once called or emailed me regarding my bill simply decided to send it to collections." Bottom line;  if you need to see an ENT specialist and want to see a doctor that will actually listen and pay attention to you explaining your symptoms who is very kind and caring Extremely dissapointed doesn't begin to describe my feelings at this point." "Entergrety is a great place and the doctors there are always incredible. They are very hands on and they are always in contact with the patient to make sure that they are always understanding. The office staff has also gotten much better. Trisha on fancy furnishings and decor"  five months later I get an infection and find out I have very large stones in my salivary glands. I am so upset I have been living like this even though it could have been resolved months ago when I went to see him for this very issue. It was a waste of time and money and I would never recommend Dr. Dyer to anyone." Doctors gave a total bs diagnosis so they could basically charge a super expensive surgery. DO NOT USE THIS PLACE an appointment and was seen immediately with respect and not made to feel like an imposition. The results were even better than promised  as a side note: For those of you who get caught up in the suffix of M.D.'s and D.O.'s please don't. I know the old school way was MD's and there is this prestigious entitlement around MDs 0-KOpYSe9aQTAfM38f47HQ "Dr. Chad Campbell is a star among other family practice physicians. He has a caring nature about him and has a very open communication style.  His nurse is fantastic- very very caring and always a good sense of humor. I have had many doctors previously  that I moved my kids from their pediatrician to him while they were in middle school.  His PA is just as wonderful.  They have take great care of my family."  usually replies same day  ( if it were an emergency I would just call)"  and I am overall very happy with Paradise Valley Family Medicine." Lucky Mesa people to have him." I really like this practice.  Dr. Lindsay was very pleasant and honest with me.  My blood pressure was reading higher than it normally has but I have history of high blood pressure on both sides of my family.  I'm extremely active in CrossFit and eat well so she did not jump to the conclusion of putting me on a high amount of medication.  I liked that she wanted to monitor me by putting me on a different diet.  I'm glad that I went with this practice and I plan on making this primary care.  never makes us wait long to see him and listens. He has a good bedside manner and is extremely intelligent. We have always been pleased with his front office staff Looks like I'll be requesting a copy of my medical records and going elsewhere."  and so I will.  I've got an appointment with a new doctor tomorrow afternoon :-).  Maybe it's nothing.  Maybe it's something  it did prompt me to find another practice - ironically in the same complex - at Grayhawk Medical who have turned out to be great."  his advice on all facets of our health is wise and up-to-date  and gave me a very complete exam.  She was very hands on and wanted to be sure I was comfortable with everything we discussed.  I found her to be compassionate and patient.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Paar at Paradise Valley Family Medicine." "I've been trying to call all day and am getting a busy signal. Is this normal? I'm new to the area and am looking for a physician  both personally and professionally. Their online portal is convenient and easy to use  invest your money in seeing a doctor! Your a lot more likely to solve the problem the right way and quicker." 6r8KHqgmlM3PWVZ7suyQ6w  then I had my husband come here for a mole check and I wish I hadn't! He has two super large scars from where she removed the moles--it looks hacked :(  I feel terrible and to top it off  friendly and knowledgeable. I was pleased with my experience." 6r8KHqgmlM3PWVZ7suyQ6w "I agree with the other reviewers. I came in for a mole check and they ended up removing 3 moles  They didn't inform me how much it would be to remove them. I told her my insurance isn't great and I was worried about the cost. I ended up paying almost $1  kind and caring. Many of the dermatologist I have gone to (before meeting Dr. Holy) were more concerned with selling you Botox or the latest facial rejuvenation fad. Dr. Holy cares about Skin Cancer and the only way to be sure is to biopsy a questionable mole.  So ugly scar for a mole that was questionable - too bad - I've had real scars from my melanoma surgeries I have had absolutely fabulous experiences with Dr. Holy. She and her staff are awesome. I had the liquid magic facelift and I feel amazing. Results walking out the door. I totally recommend her for a procedure or even just a full body check. Dr. Holy is a Harvard grad with a huge emphasis on the healthiest approach to looking beautiful and staying beautiful.  She will recommend products that are organic and pure and tell you about the prescription too and give you options.  In my industry you see a lot of Dermatologists and in my opinion Adriana Holy is possibly the best in the Valley."  but am suffering with embarrassing atrophy one year after receiving a cortisone injection. Other professionals have mentioned another means of relieving treatments would have been more helpful and would not have left such a mark :( I guess I am writing this as a reminder to please make sure cortisone is properly diluted  but her office professionalism is horrible. Yesterday her office phoned me to say the PA misread my lab work and I would need to come in to discuss it. Her billing office came over and said they made a mistake accepting my insurance and basically I would need to pay up before getting lab information. They could have told me over the phone of the insurance problem and I would need to pay. I did everything I could to ensure they accepted by insurance I'm really happy that I found this place. I'm amazed about the work I look much younger I recommend it to anyone I'm definitely going to be a reoccurring customer. I love this place and the people. The price everyone can afford. "Thanks to Dr Holy for a wonderful experience!   As an Arizona native who has spent many hours in the sun during the ""pre sunscreen"" era skin changes can be very concerning.  Dr Holy's thorough examination and educational discussion put me at ease and gave me the confidence to help her monitor my skin health.   Caring  doesn't try to sell you something she knows you don't want.  Never feel any pressure to purchase products.  Dr. Holy is so skilled in cosmetic dermatology....AND  he was professional and put my boyfriend who has an intense fear of needles at ease. I would definitely recommend him to friends and family." EXCELLENT patient care here! Would recommend him to anyone." This doctor and his staff rocks! I have severe dentist anxiety and they did everything to make my experience anxiety free and comfortable! Thank you to Dr. Ingersoll and your amazing staff! :)  because you just had to stand in line and wait.  This new process is fantastic!"  and she will call you to collect your lab slip and insurance card (usually an hour or so later after you sign in). Then you have to wait another 15- 25 minutes before they will call you back. The waiting room is super small and being confined with sick people coughing for an hour and a half will bring out anyone's inner hypochondriac. Out of frustration  in and out very quickly!" Also not this office takes a lunch break from 1:00pm to 2:00pm so the office is closed at this time."  and they forward test results quickly to the requesting physician. They do take walk-ins as a courtesy but give priority to & do not delay the patients with scheduled appointments. Keep up the good work SQL." Apparently this location is invisible because we drove around for 15 minutes trying to find it including calling. When you're nervous about blood work I don't need to try and find a hidden lab. "I been a client of Dr. Larsen and staff at Shea Chiropratic for nearly 13 years.  They have done wonders for my back and neck This is not your assembly line come back 10 times a week because I want to milk you  for all your money chiro. Dr. Larson listens and adjusts accordingly Dr Larson at Shea Chiropractic can really get you straightened out with a minimal amount of visits. I was referred to Shea Chiro over 5 years ago by an associate. I am so glad to have such a great place in our neighborhood. I know people that drive all the way from Goodyear to use there services. "I can't speak highly enough of the personal care you receive from Dr. Larson. He always greets you with a smile and takes the time to hear your concerns. I've had a few sports related injuries that my trainers struggled with fixing that Dr. Larson fixed within a few visits with his methods. He is a very active Doctor and I feel that's part of why he really understands the problems we go through as athletes. I drive 40 miles across town to see him  he really knows his stuff. My back pain was better in no time and I've even brought my 10-year-old son there"  I would recommend Dr Larson to anyone with back pain. He really cares about his patients and goes above and beyond to help."  who will explain to you what he is doing  then Dr Solbel always fits the bill. He recognizes symptom and correctly diagnoses every time and on even very little information. His arrobance is annoying My husband had never had any issues with his care during all those years "Absolutely horrible!!!!! A family member and I were treated hostilely and unprofessionally for their mistakes and discrepancies!!!! His assistant Richard called screamed Highly dislike this office. Dr Taylor rocks and so does Summer Marshall but their office staff and polices/procedures are horrible. I could go into detail about a couple issues but would rather just say stay away. Can't even get records without a $1.00 per page fee. Also if you have a deductible they make you pay up front before they will even process labs at there lab machine in office. Those are just two little examples. I do not recommend this office to anyone. Dr.Taylor was the last straw---now I am GONE. It is getting tough to find good doctors Dr. Keith is awesome.  i have used him for a year now and I feel so much better with my posture and back.  He is so uninvasive with his corrections to my spine.  I never leave sore and always feel better.  i highly recommend him to all my friends and family. "The best chiro I have ever been too.  He has really helped me with lower back pain "I bring my whole family to Dr. Smigiel.  My son received his first adjustment when he was 2 days old.  Dr. Smigiel is very gentle and has allievated all my back ailments.  I highly recommend him as he is not only extremely knowledgable in regards to chiropratic care but also nutrition OMG I had chronic back pain for years--he is totally awesome.  Im so happy to finally be pain free!!! "Dr. Smigiel is the best Network Chiropractor in the Phoenix metro area. He has a fantastic technique and he treats his patients like family. I drive a lot for work and I exercise a great deal putting much pressure on my lower back disc degenerative disease DDD L4-5. Dr.Smigiel continues to maintain and improve not only my spinal health I was in and out of here so quickly!  They made me feel welcomed  when the needle entered and on top of that when it was over I really could not see where she went into my arm. Even in the following days (where sometimes in the past have been a little sore or have seen a small area of bruising where the needle entered -- there was NOTHING."  and was always ushered in and out very quickly. It's very convenient. I also enjoy that I can schedule my lab appointments online." "Dr.Ric Rios is the best;  he has prescribed contacts and glasses for me and my family for many years. I just wish the office  wasn't so far away from my frequent destinations. It would also be great to see if he has more updated frames My family has been going to PV Eyecare for many years. We have never had any issue with the staff or Dr. Rios who is the best! Appointments are flexible and prices are competetive. This is a no pressure place- unlike other places. You can buy your frames/contacts  there or they will give you your prescription and you can go elsewhere. I am not familiar with any of the other doctors that are there but if you need a great eye doctor- try Dr. Rios.  especially to those who have eye insurance coverage.  I think the office is ran very competently and very efficiently."  have never had quite the success in fitting a contact lens. I have a hard lens in the right eye and a hybrid in my left. The hybrid has me seeing better than 20/20 out of it. AMAZING! I will soon have a hybrid put into my right has well. The only regret  but he was able to determine the perfect brand. I agree with several of the other posters regarding the facility being a bit dated and the office staff not always being the most professional and pleasant; however  horrible customer service and a place I highly recommend on not using. The office had several opportunities to show great customer service in all of my times that I went back to the office-but they severely failed every time!" I will never recommend this to anyone!"  and called it $200.  Deal with it.  Why doen't $200 cover for a glasses script?  What lobbyist out there wanted a STATE LAW to renew eyeglass scripts annually?  Can you say ""Special Interests""???  Blackmail?  Where do you see blackmail? That statement about blackmail alone makes me think you are wacko.  I got my lenses duplicated and that is perfectly within the law of the State of Arizona to do so.  I am completely satisfied with my new glasses and I see great.  Thanks for your concern about the health of my eyes Easy to find. The staff was friendly. They had all the necessary equipment on sight to do any exams/tests needed. Dr Hollenbach was great and explained every test and my results with me as we went through them. I would recommend Paradise Valley Eye Care to anyone!:)  courteous and professional.  They do seem a bit expensive for glasses  then why make the appointments in the first place???? And even then they couldn't give me another date that would work with me. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE. THEY ARE UNRELIABLE! !!"  were really nice and professional. The reason I am giving them three stars is because I was told by my optometrist that paying for my high index lenses in my prescription (-10.00/-8.50) would not be worth the cost. I appreciate that she didn't push the sale  even pointed out and old scar on my eye that I had never been alerted to previously! Didn't get the actual hardware there (kinda pricey). Would recommend to anyone!" The second pair came in a few days later...from initial appointment to final pickup  I call (almost a month after ordering my eyeglasses) to inquire about my eyeglass order and they refuse to return my calls.  I want to like/recommend them 7hmTTGJHKfAw82uT4kIxvQ  it has been found at its earliest stages. My previous optometrist just wanted to get me out the door and buy some glasses. Guess that's the difference between going to a national chain and a private clinic. They also have gone above and beyond to make sure I am happy with my experience. They were very patient with me when I was having a very hard time finding the perfect frames. Thanks to their help and many suggestions I found them! Unfortunately when I got my lenses  if you can get them to wait on you. The customer service for adjustments is terrible.  It more often than not I just give up and leave rather than wait. Today I stopped by at a few minutes before 2:00 and signed in for an adjustment. Both techs were wandering in and out off the floor to the back room but I sat patiently waiting for someone to call me and get it taken care of. 15 minutes became 30 as I sat all by myself because no other customers were there and at 35 minutes I got up and walked out the door. The two ladies sitting at the front desk watching me this whole time (who also checked me in) not only watched me leave without my adjustment but told me to have a nice day. I want to give my business to someone who wants my business. It's clearly time to just go elsewhere and get new glasses that actually fit." "Dr Rios is the best. I've been his patient for over 5 years. I have really really bad astigmatism and my eyes have been difficult to work with. Growing up I've had to wear hard contacts which they are painful to wear (especially in Arizona). Any eye Dr. before coming here wouldn't be able to get my perception with astigmatism to fit soft contacts. I was always told no and turned down by prior eye Dr's. My eyes are so bad I can't even have lasik eye surgery. Another eye Dr. referred me here and said Dr. Rios will for sure be able to help you. Dr. Rios was determined to figure out a solution and fit me into soft contacts. After months and patience on both sides he was able to not only work with my astigmatism Always late!! Have never had an appt that I did not wait for over an hour. They have wasted my time for the last time.  you will have to call multiple times to get that done.  The staff is rude and inattentive." I've been a patient for over ten years and I started out with Dr Drury and liked him a lot but because of my diabetes is started seeing Dr Kelly and I like him! He got my A1C from a high 13 to 7.1! I also really like Mary tann and tammy O'Reilly I would recommend them to anyone with special issues and there is a wait but that seems to be a problem with most dr offices!  So cut them a break only one dr there i refuse to see Mario he's awful! Kpl6cUmrYMczTDY_2RnctA I love this guy! He's old school and a very competent Dr.!  then I highly recommend him as an excellent practitioner. Make sure you don't let the office staff and other practitioners mis code your visits. It is all about money now that the corporation is running the show!" Dr. Druary seems to be a competent doctor and sometimes rushes through appointments. He tried to change a therapy for me that cost less than $1.00 per day (covered by insurance) to one that cost around $10.00 per day and NOT covered by insurance. I had a side effect from a drug he prescibed. He told me that was not one of the main side effects. Several drug sites list this side effict I experienced as 3 on their lists. He is also dropping my insurance this March. I fired him anyway back in August 2014...he just doesn't know it. Dr. Drury and his PA (Mary Tan) overprescribe narcotics.  We have approached this doctor and his PA several times about this reoccurring issue for my mother who has been hospitalized several times over the past two years for near over-dose. They are all Hispanic and they are wonderful."  I feel like this place deserves one. I am a fairly new patient here and I have to say I'm completely disappointed. Customer service is horrible from the time you walk in to the time you leave. The most disorganized Clinic I've been too. You get called up by a number not even bother saying your name. I was kept waiting in a small hallway before I was even given a room. Not good.  Waited over an hour to be seen. When I finally go the chance to see the doctor I felt like he was in such a rush not really paid attention to my reason for office visit. I needed to come back because he had ordered blood work. When I saw the doctor again he looked completely clueless. He treated me as of I had never been here before did not know my reason for visit again!! Basically just read off the computer things I already knew. I had to tell the doctor what he had prescribed me last time I was here because he did not know! Really he's the one who have it to me. There's so much to say Waited an hour and still didn't see the Dr. Really bad management. I've never seen a doctor office ran this way and I hope to never again. This place doesn't even deserve a start. I had called to make an appointment and still waited over an hours to get seen. Everyone is very rude and after I got up twice to go check when I was going to be see. The receptionist didn't seem to care she went right back to what she was doing and was no help at all. After your taken into a room you still wait there for another 20 min to actually talk to the doc which will only take 10min if that. I don't recommend this place at all they are horrible. This is the last time I go there! Even with an appointment I have waited about 2 hours to be seen.  This place is not professional at all.  The girl at the front desk is very rude (the one with the curly hair that sits on the left) rolled her eyes at me as if I was a bother.  One time I called on a holiday and some guy answered with his music really loud and said the office was closed.  I will be switching Doctors office... I'm scared even to do my blood work there since they don't even wear gloves when taking out your blood.... An inspector should look into this clinic.  I called & was told I would get a call back with the info on Monday. Nothing. I then researched and found a place myself. I was seen there and everything went well. I then set up the surgery. After the successful surgery  and they were there for my mom when before she had to head into surgery. For all their small faults Worst place to receive medical care. Unprofessional individuals that lack of knowledge. I had to wait hour and half after my appt time because the Dr was at lunch according to the assistant. Air conditioning wasnt working in the patient room. Dr. didnt take the time to acknowledge our concerns instead prescribed antibiotic without further examination.  then an intern asked me a few unecessary questions. When I finally did see the doctor he rushed through some questions for about 5 minutes. There business model seems to overbook people and make them wait like cattle. They feel like they can get away with it because most of their patients are Mexicanos who speak English poorly or don't know how to complain. I cancelled my follow up appointment and switched doctors because I don't fee like being treated like a second class citizen. Son una desgracia."  sugar and sodium. Set up an appointment for a physical at 11:20. Arrived 10 minutes early. 2 hours spent waiting and still haven't been called. This place is a joke. Never again." I have to say a lot of the reviews are true as far as the wait but I love my doctor. Dr Alejandro Lopez is wonderful. I have been going here for almost 2 years and despite the inconvenience of the wait I stay. Dr Lopez is caring and spends the time it takes to help me. Everyone at the front desk and elsewhere has always been kind and caring. I believe they do the best they can and try to help as many as they can. It is not always possible to have an appointment when you need medical care. A star is not even necessary.  If you can afford to go see a better doctor Yes it's affordable. But waiting two hrs for very minimal contact w the Doctor seems a lil ridiculous. They told me to call to get my results and now the girl is saying to go pick them up. Pretty unprofessional environment. You'd think they would set an appt so you'd have to wait an hour tops. Wish the doctor wasn't in such a rush to get me out of their it did feel stressful and unpleasant. I'm not happy with them but it's hard to beat the price w no insurance.  they do not pay for LabCorp.  They use Sonora Quest.  I talked to three different agents and they all said the same thing.  They will not pay for LabCorp.  It's clear that the clinic used the wrong lab and now I'm responsible for over $800 in medical bills.  If they used the correct lab But overall Dr Gloria i see is a great doctor ! Worth the hassle" "I needed just a quick eye exam for my contact prescription and this place satisfied that need.  The least expensive of what I could find in a 10 mile radius as I wasn't willing to spend a ton.  The staff was disorganized but friendly.  Overall The moral of the story: no one will help you if you are standing by the $79 frames." If you are looking for decent quality & variety of frames and want prompt service - do yourself a favor and go elsewhere!!!"  the girl simply asks for my credit card instead of apologizing for her error. A few days later I get a bill in the mail for $75 for a routine lens fitting which I already paid the copay for! The insurance rep that helped me resolve this expressed her frustration to me as well after she apparently spoke to the same stubborn woman. needless to say It's pretty cool! :) Big smiles :)"  you are lucky if you see (pun intended) the doctor for more than 30 seconds.  Everything in this eye/cataract factory is handled by clerks and techs in training.  I went to another cataract surgeon's office for my other eye and the billing was complete with no surprises and IT WAS LESS.  The doctor was supportive and communicated at length."  I was given a prescription that was way too strong. I had to throw my new expensive glasses away. I ended up going to Q Vision for LASIK. Couldn't be happier. Go here and expect a robocall every day at 5:05."  you know the feeling of wondering if you will ever see again like you used to.  Southwestern Eye Center immediately made me confident that my vision would be fine and they were right.  My family and I will be forever thankful for Southwestern Eye Center." Nice.  I hope they're great eye doctors because they're not so good at the basics of running a business."  and finally see the doctor. Figure at least 45 minutes from the scheduled time of your appt to the time you actually see the doctor. They have no respect for the patient's time." -1 star because their lobby is small and their lovely flat-screen tv only loops mind-numbing healthcare ""infomercials""."  not sure if that a good or a bad thing.  Anyways it was much better than the one I had from Sonora Quest who left a bruise my arm and scar that lasted 2 weeks. Bastard!" "I've only been here a couple of times and I'm not planning on going back due the the rudeness at the front desk.  Make an appointment Extremely understaffed and they don't give a crap if your a fasting diabetic. Any health care place should be caring this place doesn't give a crap wish there were other options plan on being there at leat an hour or two "So slow...  We waited an hour and a half.  The staff were lovely Had a severe reaction after a blood draw. Called customer service and was advised the supervisor of this location received the email from customer service representative and would call me. No call. I waited 2 hours and 15 minutes to get a blood draw today. This location is way understaffed considering the traffic it receives. This is the third time I've been there in 2 months and I've never seen it run efficiently. It is just too understaffed. "Scam. It's unfortunate that some companies will do anything to try to make a buck. I went in and got fitted for contacts but didn't buy any right away. I was pregnant and honestly glasses were just easier. Besides I had a ton of dailies left and my prescription hadn't changed. Fast forward a few months and I finally ordered acuvue oasys lenses and from day one HATED them. I assumed that my eyes just needed time to adjust to long term wear. I was used to throwing them out every night with the dailies. So I tried EVERYTHING "I am updating my review from a 1 to a 5. I've been going to this location for years and always received great service. I recently ran into an issue with a bill and the assistant manger  like 'what do you want'. This is the second Nationwide location I have been to. I think I'm done giving them a chance and my money. Save your money and go to Lens Crafters instead. Much friendlier service. At least there they don't make you feel like they're doing you a favor." North Valley Family Dentistry did pay for ALL of my treatment to have my tooth rectified... as they should have!" I also had a similar experience as I.B but got a second opinion before I let them do anything saving me a lot of pain  but this staff always makes it much easier to go to the dentist. They are all very friendly and professional. Dr. E Bigos  has been my dentist now for six years and she is awesome. They have done my crowns and a root canal and did an excellent job on all occasions. I highly recommend North Valley Family Dentistry and all of their staff."  but I was assured that I would be in good hands. I went in for routine cleaning and realized that lack of upkeep on my part I had a few cavities.  I returned to have them filled and sealed "Dr. Biggos has been my primary dentist for many years.  I have always been impressed with her and the staff at North Valley Family Dentistry.  The office is clean and neat. They have done root canals Had my teeth cleaned today and was very impressed by the work done by Dana! She's the BEST!! Must be that Midwest living!!  she performs miracles and makes you feel completely comfortable the entire time.  I'm so grateful we found her! Go see her!"  she was tapping me on the shoulder telling me we were finished.. I was shocked and so pleased!! I now go to her for preventive check ups instead of waiting until I have no other choice!! Her staff is awesome and just as calm and pleasant.. The office is nice and welcoming.. I have nothing but GREAT things to say about 'the doc' (dr.Erica Bigos) and her staff .. Except  excellent staff!  Everything is explained in detail so I was able to understand what was happening. Dr. Bigos is the best dentist I have found in my 52 years." "I was initially introduced to Dr Holemon by a family member and have been seeing him as well as other doctors in his office for the past 4-5 years.  Dr Holemon delivered my daughter and I could not recommend anyone better than who he has on his staff.  The office is warm and inviting and not to mention friendly.  If you are in the market for a new OB-GYN Staff was rude. Couldn't even see the doctor  and supportive. Both my sisters chose him because of my excellent experience and they were happy as well. Dr. Holemon has retired from baby delivery but still does Gyn and I would never leave him. If you get a chance to see Dr. Holmon I highly recommend him. His knowledge Why not  a 5-star?  The front office staff could have been a little friendlier.  They were efficient but I felt like I was barked at Great office! I recommend them to anyone who asks!" "I agree with Kirstin's entire review! I too followed them from their old location & have been going here for about 8 years now. The current location is very nice & clean. The girls up front are nice but Rosie is by far the sweetest. I used to see Dr. Silvia Castro for my annual but I think she has been pretty busy with her new baby & other patients I have lived in Scottsdale for about 3 years now and I have had such a hard time finding good doctors. I have had bad experiences at almost ever doctor's office I've been to. When I went to Cornerstone Women's Health I was so pleased. The office staff were so nice and efficient. I got lost and showed up late but I didn't have to wait at all and they weren't rude about my late arrival. I saw Dr. Pelopida and I thought she was wonderful. She didn't act rushed and she listened to me thoroughly. She was very personable and knowledgeable. I was very pleased with the entire experience and I absolutely recommend this practice. I had to go back in order to complete the reason for my first visit which was to change birth control methods. Now that this is done I am looking for a new doctor as we plan to have kids next year and I would like to know and trust the doctor who will help us through that journey. I would love any suggestions!" Positives: They have a new NP on board who does nothing but step in when others are running behind. I always opt to wait for Gretchen or Dr. Pelopida though so I haven't met her yet. Gretchen is the sweetest  but certainly substandard.  Coming to the lady-doctor isn't my favorite thing to do. It's not comfortable or enjoyable. A good practice in my opinion would compensate with outstanding customer service. Cornerstone could use a little...er a lot...of training in the way of customer service." The appointment ran much longer than expected but there were a lot of steps. So just as a forewarning - this first appointment for me ran 2 1/2 hours!"  I called in to make a pregnancy appointment... Your FIRST appointment is with a Nurse practicioner!!! And than it's 4 weeks till you see a doctor... Im 8 weeks and I have been VERY high risk in that past. Eff that noise! no no no way!!!" "I have been with Cornerstone for over 5 years.  I was newly pregnant with my daughter and Dr Castro was the best!  The NP is so caring and the front office is pleasant.  I continue going and as long as I plan ahead Bottom line: I'd look elsewhere." "I was recommended by my Dr. here. I waited 3 weeks for my appointment because of The paperwork for first Appointment. I get to my Appointment and they tell me a different time ""we would have to re-schedule"" If it were't for the other assistant she wouldn't have even asked the Dr. To try to see me. She was very rude and acted very immature. I wish I would have gotten names I have been very happy going here.  This is my first child and I was referred here by a friend who also goes there.  They have all been very pleasant.  but no wifi really sucks when you are stuck here for a 3-4 hour glucose tolerance test!!!!" Bye bye Cornerstone :(" Thank you Cornerstone staff for helping me feel solidified in my decision to transfer to a new better office/Dr. I will not miss your attitude or your lack of common sense. CHEERS!"  but no doctor is worth how horrible this front office and billing staff is.  I have been here for 6 years and they all have a huge attitude and are incredibly difficult to communicate with about anything!  They are rude from the second you walk in - no warm welcome for sure.  They put a prison wall up around the physician  I was extremely comfortable and at ease.  He actually took the time to talk with me (which some doctors do not make a priortity) so that he can explain his background and to get to know me and my concerns.  He is extremely knowledgeable and gave me very important information that I need to know as a woman at my age (38).  I highly recommend Dr. Holemon for his experience as a doctor HORRIBLE.  I have been a patient here for 3 months and each time I have an appointment there has been a huge inconvenience at the office.  The Dr.'s and nurses are great it's the rest of the office that needs to get it together.  On two separate occasions I have had appointments set and have had to leave the office and come back due to them not being organized.I Thought That Was The Point Of An Appointment.  Then they have this automated system that calls and tells you test  results and reminds about upcoming appointments and the system would be great except the office staff keyed my social security number in wrong so it calls and calls me all day long and I can't review the message.  I've asked the staff numerous times to correct my number in the system or take my out completely and they have yet to do so. I do not recommend this place to anyone.  because the PATIENTS before you were late. Try to get a morning or right after lunch appointment if you want to reduce your wait time! Be patient & kind to them  I got them the information and the procedure scheduled. When the day finally came for my 4:00pm appointment I got there at 3:55. I get told my appointment was at 3:40 and they won't see me because they filled the time with another patient. I let them know I had this scheduled for the time that was arranged and that I didn't even get a confirmation call. The office manager didn't do anything to fix the situation and the doctor said she wouldn't see me even though it was their error. The best thing they have done for me was give me a records release form. Let's see if they can get that right." 9xpYUYI4wbNA4XufvVfKzQ I'm a fan because of the doctor and if she changed centers I would probably follow her. There could be areas of improvement for the center but because of how close they are to my house and hospital  and she hung up on me. I started to call back and I asked myself ""why""? Called my my doctors office and they recommended me to another fantastic doctor with a lovely receptionist that got me in stat. The doctor might be great if you could get past the rude staff." I will always be thankful to Dr tina pelopida." Love my doctor and most of the nurses. Can't stand Trina. And the front desk is horrible. All the women that work there just sit and talk poorly about people they're dealing with on the phone. The wait is always excessive and it doesn't matter if you're early or on time. And if you're late by even a few minutes you can bet that you'll wait at least an hour. If it weren't for my doctor I wouldn't come back because I hate dealing with Ashley at the front desk. She never has a smile and always has an attitude whether it's in person or on the phone. I've been coming here 10 years and seriously if not for my doctor I would find somewhere new.  without the arrogance. She will give you piece on mind and confidence. We moved 25 miles away and you bet I'm going back to her this time as well. She did such a fantastic job with my emergency c section last time "I was a patient of Dr. Castro. 7 months into my pregnancy I developed a severe case of pelvic gurdle pain and carpal tunnel in my left hand (diagnosed by another physician) to the point where my bed had become our downstairs couch and  I couldn't even get up to use the restroom unless I used a walker my family wasn't home to help me.  Dr. Castro not once asked me about my symptoms and was already gone out of the room   before I was able to explain it to her and just referred me to a Physical Therapist to diagnose and treat me. I found out from their receptionist that they had only seen two pregnant patients within then past few months. They had me lay on a heating pad the entire time. After the two visits that she partially suggested and two copays later I saw no reason to keep going back there. When the time came for me to submit the paperwork for my short term disability claim to be excused from work with half of my pay Dr. Castro wanted me to come back to the office a little over a week after I had just seen her He can be very straight forward and sometimes a bit blunt even.  He does seem to care about his patients and comes across as very knowledgeable as he has pointed out things that no other doctor has.  I am rather impressed so far.  I look forward to seeing you soon." If you are looking for a good PCP then I suggest you check out DC Ranch Family Medicine." This is my doctor and he is the BEST. He listens and does not push medication down your throat. He is involved and truly cares. Seeing a psychiatrist is new for me as I've only had one prior to Dr. Bueno due to moving. I heard Dr. Bueno was great; he is! He and my prior Doctor are like night and day. If you want off your medication; Dr. Bueno wants you off your medication too and he will help you along the way! Horrible! My son was referred to this guy and he seemed ok at first but then when my son called to get another appointment the dr wouldn't see him and they would give no reason and waited until only a few days prior to the appointment instead of letting him know at the time he called or soon after.  it says so in their on call service and I could hear someone in the background saying ""I'll fax in their prescription."" Yet they REFUSE to fax it simply because it is an online ordering service rather than a brick and mortar one. Absolutely disgusted with this practice and will be encouraging my wife to go elsewhere." This place has apparently been open for 20ish years. My first visit was this morning. I stopped in on my way to the gym for a pre-workout drink to go. The lady behind the counter was the best. Knowledgable on all products I expressed interest in. Smoothies can be made as sweet or as clean as you want them to be. Prices on everything run from average to some really great discounts. I will definitely be visiting again. Great nutritious smoothies  power peanut butter and even a variety of healthy nut and trail mix combinations. The place really lives up to the name ""One Stop"" because if your trying to make health conscious choices it is the only stop you need to make. One stop earns 5 stars from me because in my extensive search for fast and healthy meal solutions I haven't found anything like it. Anytime a business can satisfy an unfulfilled need and do it fast and at reasonable cost it will get 5 stars from me. One Stop hits all those marks and they just earned a repeat customer." Very quick and helpful. The gal who usually makes my smoothies is kind and knows her stuff! They also have almond milk upon request :) Other items (besides smoothies) a little lover priced but I will only come here if I need a great after workout protein shake!! "I was nervous going in the first time...... Kinda like not knowing how to order at Starbucks for the first time. The girl working the counter ( Jamie) was on top of her game. Nice """pb and j in a cup. 60g of protein and load up on your bars and supps."" Haha I sound like a meat head. Actually really good stuff for guys trying to add some weight. Haven't found a good one for the lady yet.  Maybe we will go with strawberry-banana yogurt style. That's a sure fire right? Really clean and has a cool bar top too." I just went into the shop hoping to get a delicious shake when I was approached by my employee telling me that shakes don't help his bonus. Saying he wasn't available to make a shake for me even though the store is clearly open. Once I got the shake it was extremely warm. Very disappointed in the customer service I had. Will not be going back to this store. If I do it will not be with this employee. Wasn't a good experience by any means. I been going to Dr. Fauer for over 25 years. He is an amazing doctor. He explains things well and takes time with his patients. "Dr. Fauer is in my lifetime - the best doctor I have had.  I've NEVER felt rushed or insignificant.  This is the doctor that you want in your corner when something is wrong because he is like a Sherlock Holmes - he doesn't leave a stone unturned and is extremely thorough.  He is very down to earth.  I walk out feeling like I saw a doctor that ""practices"" exceptionally.  His staff follows up in a timely manor with results as needed." "Every time I come in I wait for more than 15 minutes from my appointment time. I arrive 10 minutes prior to my appointment to see if I get called back early or on time but that never happens. And on top of that I wait another 15-30 minutes. One time I left the room to ask how much longer I had to wait and I saw one of the doctors chatting in the hallway. They are nice doctors but the wait time is horrible. I have tried to go at different times of the day to see if the wait time is less  the office atmosphere is very tense and not too friendly.  They are not organized at all.  I have been waiting since last week for them to fax a copy of my son's lab results to the new doctor's office.  I have called multiple times and they still have not done it  and I never feel rushed.  He takes his time explaining everything and makes sure all my questions are answered.  We interviewed several pediatricians when we were pregnant with our first child and no one even compared with Dr. Dorame.  Highly  will refuse to see anyone else as we continue to be misdiagnosed by any other doctor. Really frustrated and at the point of taking our family to another provider all together as it is nearly impossible to be seen by the one good doctor on staff. Front desk is nice and courteous but my children's health is our priority and we are not happy." Dr Berg is THEE BEST! AWESOME person! And George is probably the best receptionist Ive ever come across. Very tight knit family environment! Dr. Berg is an excellent physician and is highly trained and experienced. If you are seeking acupuncture he is the go-to-guy! Dr. Berg is wonderful! Has really helped me with my MS using acupuncture. I went in to do some SEO work for the Doc and traded him my SEO site development for acupuncture on my back and it really worked great for pain relief. Painless except for one needle but it really fixed my back. Dr. Scott Carmachel did the work and was very gentle and professional. I highly recommend this practice as they are friendly "A pleasant surprise for an optical practice that I only found by going through my vision plan directory! Great staff (Claire especially was very knowledgeable and professional) If you are looking for a really good Optometrist then give him a try. Also "My family and I have been going to optical illusions forever. Dr. Fuller is honest  all at very affordable prices.  I highly recommend this practice for your family's eyecare needs!!!" Five stars for lily. Her service was awesome!. They had the glasses I wanted and accepted my insurance. It was a very pleasant experience Great new frames/lenses for $30 copay in just 10 days." "Awesome staff!! They got us in and out quickly! I took my four year old in for his first exam and Dr Brian F was both patient and funny. He determined my son had good vision but astigmatism Dr. Brian F. was very genuine and took his time. The staff was very welcoming and accommodating . My whole family will be coming here.  she was shown by your actions that your not. If you can't show customers respect because you lack professional integrity and think we don't have money because of our race. We can spend our money else where and not only that we can write review's to ensure it changes. Now as I have all your names this review isn't the last you'll hear from me its the first. Clean up your act no matter the customer in the store as my wife made it clear that she along with myself didn't appreciate the office bully tatics and unprofessional ways in which you all carried yourselves. The joke if that what it was "I recently attempted to transfer to this location from the Mesa location. I requested my files be transferred on a Tuesday since it is the only day I have off that matches with their office hours. I called the next week Tuesday to confirm that I could now pick up my birth control pills from this new location. They said that they did not have my records at the new location... Ok... so  and they refuse to do the test. Then they wouldn't allow me back there with her for her appointment. They  also forced her to recount events that happened several years ago  appointment was quick an painless. I got my prescription so I could send it off to my insurance only to find out that the lady dated the prescription wrong by putting 2013 when it was 2014. So after jumping through hoops I finally received a new prescription in a different format than the first and my insurance rejected it because the doctor did not sign it. My insurance and I have both been trying to get ahold of the office for over a week now and nothing has been fixed. I would not recommend going to this clinic  but it was very unprofessional. There is also a language barrier and poor communication. I was asked to sit and wait until the bathroom was available before giving a urine sample. I had no way of knowing if the bathroom was vacant because it was down the hall and out of sight from the waiting area. So I basically waited for no reason. This place is a dump and not anything like a professional doctor's office. The only reason why I came here is because my doctor's office had a two week wait Dont waste your time with this place." and if you want an abortion go somewhere honest at least."  and I was not offered any pain relief. About 3 weeks later I was told by a well respected doctor in Scottsdale that my IUD was not placed correctly via ultrasound. It then had to be removed because it was literally hanging out of my cervix causing excessive bleeding and anemia. Do not go to this place!! They are ghetto  welcoming and helpful. The woman from the front who took my blood pressure chatted with me about Doctor Who and then the Doctor and her observer talked to me about when they worked in trauma which was super interesting. Everyone was very professional and sweet  RUN from Planned Parenthood. I came here because I was all that is described above and this was the absolute worst place for me to go. First walking in I noticed it was dingy and then the front desk girl was rude. The whole tone and atmosphere was oppressive and silent. Then I was called back and the ""professional"" was visibly annoyed. She kept sighing and asked me what my issue was. I explained and was close to tears when she actually rolled her eyes at me. SERIOUSLY?! She proceeded to give me some ""information"" that basically said ""Well if you hadn't done this and that What's the point of an appointment if they call you in over an hour later? Expect to be here you're entire day. Pay the extra money and go to a real doctor. This place is a joke." Extremely slow. They will not work with you for times to come in but they will take an hour to two hours to even get you in. They tried making me pay a copay twice . Super unprofessional. This place is truly awful." "What a nice experience!  This office offers free WiFi for your short wait time.  I went for a routine skin check and had the pleasure of meeting dermatologist Dr S. Sasha Jazayeri. He was wonderful.  Very friendly  everything was very rushed. The whole exam was done in less than 1 minute. Also 3 other people came into the room during the exam which was uncomfortable. I did not feel like I got proper care and pushed out of the office. I will never return to this office." When the doctor finally came in the room an hour past the appointment time he rushed through a two minute conversation where he made assumptions and was missing pertinent information about my medical history. He then hastily through a bunch of prescriptions my way and told me it was great to see me again even though this was my first visit. I was then scheduled a follow up visit although I If you are looking for a Dermatologist in the North Scottsdale or Phoenix area I highly recommend this office." Stay away from this ""SALES"" clinic......................  A Complete Rip-Off AND they make you wait for such a LONG LONG LONG LONG LONG Time. I kid you not." I've been here twice. First time I waited 30 minutes for the doc who spent like two minutes talking and not asking/listening to what was going on. Second time I've been here an hour and haven't seen the doc. Something to note is the ever present treatment and cost posters everywhere. My first time here I saw two pharmaceutical reps being really cozy with the office staff. It feels like a bad dental office. My original reason for coming hasn't been resolved. It's crazy that they spend so much time waiting and so little time treating patients. It's not like everyone is working like crazy. I hear laughing and joking in the halls so it's annoying to have waited so long. Love this place. We've been taking our boy here for about 9 months now (since he was born.) They didn't offer services to the hospital I was at (but that should have changed by now.) We tried a majority of the doctors there and settled on Dr Gutman. She's amazing with our boy and very down to earth. The staff here are always friendly and helpful.  they truly do like what they do and they do a great job." We've recently worked with Jennifer Valentine and she was amazing!" The location is actually out of the way for me  instead of ask generic questions and check boxes without even looking at your child which was my experience at a past practice. I highly recommend them!!"  but she loves Dr's Curley and Golner.  They have a great way with kids!" The receptionist is rude and should really consider setting a better tone for the patients.  left a message. I needed records for alternate care for Monday. We went to the office at 8am on Monday and requested the records again. After a little wait I was told the lady won't be getting around to it that day. I told them I was in a bind. They didn't care. Had the care provider fax a request. No response. It's now Wednesday - no response. Terrible customer care." Good response from office staff as well as the doctor. They treated our kid really well and the medicine shot given to my kid really worked.  I've complained to my insurance company and plan to file a complaint with my credit card company to get a refund "Love Dr. Duong!  Have been seeing her for years.  It is like seeing a close friend- she remembers everything from year to year and has a very laid back beside manner.  She has recommended labwork every year since I was 25 "Eh. I had selected Shannan Murphy for my new PCP. She doesn't take the time to learn about her patients "I arrived 10 minutes early for my daughter's wisdom teeth extraction consultation figuring that there would be paper work to fill out. About 30 minutes into my wait I overheard the receptionist say to a kindly octogenarian woman that it would be another half hour for her appointment. A full 50 minutes after arriving we were brought back to the exam room after a brief X-ray. We were told to watch a video about wisdom teeth and left alone. Another 50 minutes passed making it a full hour and 40 minutes after arriving and we still hadn't seen the doctor. Figuring that they obviously had plenty of patients and clearly didn't need our business  the office resolved our very unsatisfactory experience in a very impressive manner."  only to be told that my issue was something that had to be taken care of by an oral surgeon. Well I was in pain and it was 4:00 in the afternoon. Figured I was out of luck to get my problem taken care that day. My dentist called 3 other places about getting me in that day and when they called Dr. Goldenstein's office they agreed to see me! I was suprised Been to Dr. Goldenstein a few times. He is a genuinely nice man who will make a situation right if need be. I cant say the same for his rude receptionist. I would recommend people to come see him for sure. Hes taken me in last minute a few times when I was in extreme pain. He doesn't like to see people in pain.  staff and office.  I don't need to see a glitzy office with multiple locations and staff that are high fashion and everyone pushing expensive procedures. Dr Goldenstein explains all procedures and provides a detailed cost outline. He is quiet and obviously enjoys providing good dental care. The staff is personable and professional and must enjoy their employment/employer as the staff does not change."  once I sat waiting for over and hour in the waiting room. What's worse is that the tricked me into having a procedure. I came only to have one tooth pulled  an absolutely positive experience!" "I never had even a good experience at the dentist until now. Dr. Goldenstein is professional and friendly. He makes sure you understand everything that you will have done  anyone who knows what it is like to to have to drive to a lab for your doctor knows what I mean. Although I hate going to the doctor I have been very happy with this office Minor annoyances aside  do NOT schedule with Dr. Luis M Irizarry.  He doesn't care about anything but herding cattle in and out the door so he can make as much money as possible in a given day." Dr Rebbelke is the worst doctor ever. Very rude and suggests hippy alternatives. No one goes to doctors for hippy alternatives. Front staff also pushed multiple people in front of me extending my wait to an hour past my appointment time. Why bother having appointments if your walk ins get priority. I have a new born and see Dr Berkowitz. The staff has been great with placing me in an exam room right away so I do not have to wait in the lobby. So far I am very happy here  weight and cholesterol.  Dr. Walter Kmiecik not only required me to schedule a follow up visit in order to get the form completed (two office visits for one form) but he ordered every single blood test imaginable which cost me $400 in lab work not required by my insurance company.  Then Terrible place . Said my issue wasn't an emergency that the Dr . (Dr. Banuelos) Would see a patient. Upfront lady (Tamara) was not caring nor worried about my needs. I don't recommend this place to anyone and I feel sorry for anyone who is seen here !! "I am new to Arizona so my family and I need to find a new doctor. I am so pleased to say the office woman was so patient PS... she said that she was ""not at all concerned about me or my safety"" and was only worried about me blacking out because I might hurt someone else if I black out while driving... even though I told her that I only black out after standing for a long time "Horrible family practice. Dr Shilpa Gujrathi is a terrible physician who ignores your symptoms. You will end up waiting to be seen for nearly an hour and then receive subpar care. My suggestion- find a more reputable family practice. This one is terrible. You'll die if you truly have something that is terminal because they will not care enough to figure out what is wrong with you. Protect yourself  rapid shallow breathing and dehydrated was diagnosed as kidney infection. Sent to ER for rehydration. ER diagnosed significant pneumonia (no kidney or urinary problem) and admitted patient after reviewing blood work." "Wow. Where do I begin? I've been sitting in the waiting room here for AT LEAST 20 minutes and the fact that Ive had so much time to even write this review is ridiculous. the man in front of me just asked what's taking so long for his appointment The doctor never even introduced herself or asked my name.  didn't listen at all.  seemed like she was just reciting from a textbook.  most days the entire staff seems irritable and overburdened. My regular physician S Walter Kmiecik is fantastic and very helpful but beware if you have to do a walk-in to see a random doctor. I was seen by ""Judy Ann Duran"" recently and she was extremely uncaring and tried to get me through the door as quickly as possible. She only looked at my chart and refused to engage in any actual conversation whatsoever. She even responded in a visibly annoyed way when I asked one additional question and stated that I'd have to come back and see my primary doctor before I could even finish my sentence. While I was walking myself out I decided that I'm going to try some place better." I am beyond disgusted with this situation and would advise any prospective patient against getting involved with Dr. Williams."  but it's because he takes the time needed with each patient. I just take something to read because it's worth the occasional wait to fix issues that I have been to numerous doctors and specialists to fix. His ability to dial in the acupuncture needed is amazing." 