sGSTIYyYXaYl9XDWfxbEeQ Call Lakewood..NOT STAAB AND SONS!!!"  they're ""all business."" Got our seasonal service contract in January ... but couldn't get service until June. Requested an estimate for a leaking bathtub ... But got the invoice three days before I got the estimate. And then got a past due ""dunning notice"" 6 days after the service call. Truly the good news is that now that we have the internet companies like this won't be able to get away with it forever....." "This company was better when the father (William Wessner) owned and managed it. I bought both an AC system and high efficiency furnace from them. Since his two sons have taken over the business I would use them again." i never had any problems with Metro and the former owner.  We picked this company to put in the air conditioner we have.  This was done 12 years ago.  They installed n efficient furnace about 8 years ago.  The service people were always well trained and prompt. Now there seems to be a change as the management has changed.  Service maintence is seemingly not a priority and I don't know if I will call them if we have a problem.  I called around to several places in the South Hills area.  The rep I spoke with at Boehmer was friendly and very professional.  She took all my information and called my back within the hour to give me a quote.  The quote they gave me was among the lowest and it involved a new part with a warranty (another company was trying to sell me a used part w out a warranty).  The part they had to order ended up getting delayed a day but they called me and kept me informed  and I agree after seeing how much this part actually costs.  The moral of the story here is call around for estimates.  Get the diagnosis and get several estimates to compare.  It seems like all these HVAC guys are out to take advantage."  knowledgeable and professional. He diagnosed the problem and got the furnace up and running in less than an hour! (It needed a new part.) I thought the price for the diagnostics & personable. They always arrive within the timeframe that is give to me. I get my furnace checked once a year and I get my air conditioning checked once a year I have a maintenance agreement with the company. I also had my furnace and air conditioning system installed by this company. I'd recommend them to my friends and family." I am very satisfied with this company. We had a furnace break down in one of our rental houses. The time from the initial phone call until the problem was fixed was less than 3 hours.  Excellent customer service. highly professional employees. We will definitely use this company again for all of our properties. Thanks you! I have used Boehmer many times for the past twenty years and am always pleased with their service and reliability.  Very dependable and prompt.  Any technician I've had has been knowledgeable and professional.  I have purchased new air conditioner and furnace from Boehmer. "We have used this company for years and find them very reliable  then said I would not have to pay if I signed an expensive contract with them on the spot without getting other quotes.  Did not  put the top back on my air conditioner after he was done with the assessment.  Asked the employee to look at my water tank and he said I was ""stupid"" if I got a water tank the size I currently have.  FYI I have a whirlpool tub that requires a large water tank.  DO NOT USE  reliable AC guy is as important as having a mechanic with these attributes. Ed Overly is that guy.  I have been using Boehmer Heating & Cooling for years now I have used them ever since for furnace and air conditioner repair.  The technician is always prompt and very courteous.  Their service is excellent. I have recommended them to others."  & based on my experience I will absolutely call them again. I called to get my furnace serviced  cleaned & I was expecting to schedule an appointment for the following week. To my surprise they were able to squeeze me in later that afternoon. The technician Ed Overly was awesome & I highly recommend him. He was friendly I looked as best I could to find the crack where he said it was and so far couldn't find it. It has none of the signs of a cracked heat exchanger. I can't prove absolutely there is no crack but I can't figure why he wouldn't at least try to show me. In fact he seemed to push me away from looking. He collected is $89 and left. He was there for approximately 15 minutes. I feel ripped off."  smaller heater. It took them 2 and a half days to finish and they were very professional the entire time - always on time and kept a good pace. We were also mailed a box of cookies a week later as a thank you for our business... That was a surprisingly nice gesture. If you are in the market for a Nest thermostat I also find it odd that the reviews are all either 5 stars or 1 star. Very unusual for reviews. Maybe friends  and super reasonable.  When our A C broke they actually tried to help us fix it over the phone.  When they came These guys wanted a PAYMENT upfront of $129 just to come out and tell me what the problem is.....So if I didn't like their quote or wanted to get a second opinion---it would cost me $129.....TERRIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICE There prices are very reasonable and the service is GREAT!" "We moved to Matthews in 1987 and bought a new house. The heating and air conditioning units had been installed by Custom Comfort. Whenever we have needed repairs or replacements we have used them. They are prompt  NC.  Custom Comfort has serviced our home for over ten years.  This company provides wonderful service to their customers.  The company operates with ethics and integrity.  You can trust this company and be assured of their best with every service call!" "Purchased a home in June. To my surprise there was no air conditioning on the second floor of my home. Due to the age of the home there were no easy solutions to remedy the problem. After calling on approx. 13 different HVAC companies  these are your guys. Was told by David they'd send some one over. No return call either. Don't bother."  but their apparent competence and great communication from the get-go made the small price difference more than worth it.   They also accepted payment over the phone and didn't expect any payment until the job was completed and passed inspection."  have only needed their services for bi-annual preventive maintenance routine checkup but they have been very pleasant to work with."  thru a willing merchant; installed myself and all is well for a year now." "I called McClintock when my upstairs unit stopped cooling. They came out on a Sunday which is much appreciated. The tech told me that the unit was 3 lbs low on freon. He filled it up and left. One week later it was empty again. Again I call McClintok back and this time I'm told the Coil is dead and must be replaced. Theres not point in putting freon in unless I replace the coil  upfront and provide the most superior installation from true craftsmen installers!  I feel so confident in my new Trane system.  The energy efficient 18 SEER AC unit is so efficient and the 98% Furnace is amazing!  Again A BIG Thank you to Patterson Heating & A C and all of the staff!" A $50 gift card toward future services was eventually mailed to Mom and upper management has been supportive in working together moving forward."  and York brand.  They offered the best brand available for a gas pack unit. Our old unit needed work and after a couple of quote from others we decided to go with Patterson. So glad we did. Rick 180.00 at 2:30 and informed me that they charge flat rate and not hourly.  If it is always flat rate then they should never try to justify costs by labor time. They should just say its a flat rate charge.  The fact that their dispatcher consistently used labor time as a justification for why it took so long to return to do the repair only reinforces my feeling of being overcharged. They have a knowledgeable staff and other than this experience had been happy with their service and felt like I had been treated fairly. Patterson installed these units in 2007."  I feel I was being pressured into purchasing a new unit rather than having the old one repaired. After consideration and consultation with a different company I decided to go with the repairs rather than replacement. When I called the next day I was quoted a price $60 lower than the actual bill. However when I questioned this I was told that they had it written down what they had told me and the quote was the same as the invoice. I had also written down what I was told and it was not the same. I paid the invoice because I felt I had no choice  so you'll need to find another provider for that service."  and friendly.  Have used them many times for HVAC and electrical needs and they consistently deliver in BOTH areas.  They also provide mold remediation and will be using them for that need soon.  HIGHLY recommend!" Always professional.  Consistently great service!  courteous and knowledgeable.  He performed the routine service I requested and suggested the replacement of a drain sensor to a more reliable type of sensor.   Based on his explanation  it's the same). I was given a quote on a service  (to fix our clogged basement sink) but then given an honest opinion that a Roto Rooter service would be better equipped and more cost-effective. I was very impressed with how nice the plumber was  and then the quote was for $1150 and was told to replace my entire AC system instead of fixing it.  Got a second opinion from another place and they said it was just a $400 fix including a recharge.  All Comfort Services quoted me $500 in refrigerant alone."  the technician was very helpful and explained the issue. He checked out the entire system and gave advise as to how to address the issue in the future.  Explained that an expensive part could be replaced but it seemed to be working after he made some adjustments and stated we might get several more years out of it.  We were pleased with him and the documentation he provided in case we have further problems." Jay was very professional and knowledgeable about which products would give us the most ""bang for the buck"" considering our house size and heating/AC needs. Feel very good about the decision to go with All Comfort Services." Conclusion: I've decided to recharge the freon in my system through another HVAC company and they will come out in 2 months (free of charge) to test my pressure again. My honest opinion is that All Comfort Services uses their technicians to generate leads to replace full HVAC systems. In the future I will not be using All Comfort Services and taking my business somewhere else."  informative and helpful. They all covered their shoes and Brandon laid down tarps when he came to install the new furnace. They also gave me some energy saving rebates. I am very pleased with the customer service and the furnace." "Quoted me over $1000 to replace an ignition switch that cost $300 from another vendor. Quoted me $500-1000 more to replace my furnace as well. Basically Thank you Karl!  I'm lucky to have the same person servicing my furnice for about 8 years now!" Both Tom C. And Rob R. we're very prompt and friendly. Would recommend services to others.  and efficient. All Comfort Services was able to get him out fast as well. I would recommend."  manually pressed the contactor and said the unit was fine and it wasn't getting 24 volts. He then looked at the circuit board inside and said it wasn't wired right and voltage wasn't getting out to the outside unit. Huh? it was working just fine for 13 years? Anyway he rewired it and luckily it fired up. And didn't again after he left. He was in a hurry to get out too. As it turned out the problem was a time delay circuit they used to put in outside units when thermostats didn't perform the equipment wait function. It was faulty. Another company came out and fixed in 10 seconds as it was the first thing they checked! It cost me 1/4 of what I paid All Comfort for nothing! Their technician didn't know a condensing unit from a toaster!"  what happened afterwards was amazing. The company reached out to me and has promised to return my payment in full because they felt poorly for what had happened. Now that is what I call really stepping up and taking ownership of a problem. While a mistake was originally made All Comfort Services totally ""made it right"" which in and of itself calls for 5 stars! My faith has been restored in this company and I would recommend All Comfort Services in the future as an honest and reliable company committed to doing things right. Well done!" We've always been able to find a coupon to apply to these furnace check-ups."  just before the cold snap hit. They arrived as planned and finished on schedule. They walked through the repairs with me and explained what work was done. Good people to work with." Billy T recently serviced our 6 year old furnace purchased and installed by All Comfort.  He was comprehensive and nice. He took the time to review the data from the burner and checked the entire list.  Highly recommended.  they sent an apology letter with an All Comfort clock that didn't work because the battery they included was dead."  which is fine. Their team arrived on time and they were very helpful in helping us choose a new place outside to set the  air conditioner (we only had to dig up a couple of bulbs/plants). Nice and flexible payment service and love the new ""super high tech"" thermostat. It's a nice addition and will save us money in the future. All Comfort Services made our worrisome situation very comfortable without any issues. We would recommend them to anyone seeking excellent service." "Billy T and Matt C did a superb job replacing 2 furnaces and AC units to boot! Showed up on time Great work and came out very fast to fix our issue! Rob of All Comfort Services had to come to my home twice in the past 10 days concerning a kitchen faucet leak. He was very personable and professional. He fully explained that I could replace the faucet but he thought he could fix the leak and save me the expense of a new one. I would not hesitate to recommend Rob of All Comfort Services to anyone looking for help. and Drew for the excellent service of installing our new furnace and air conditioner. It was a hot day and we are very happy to have a cool home with an energy efficient system. Great clean up and timely installation." zjvhOPocFPsImtJMWV55WA  efficient and courteous."  was very professional and had my dishwasher fixed in less than 20 minutes.  His prices are reasonable and his work was top rate.  I would highly recommend his company and will definitely use them again." "John is warm and trustworthy! He is reasonably priced and does reliable work. He repaired our refrigerator and was able to repair it right away. I would welcome him in my home anytime  he had everything and got'er done! The time he was here I could hear his phone ringing and he never answered it! He made sure I was his concern while he was here. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND calling John if you are in need of some repair for your appliances! I did read the few reviews on Yelp while he was here and all of the positive comments where spot on! In short if you need a repair guy and don't call John you are doing yourself a huge disservice!" John came over on the same day that I contacted him and he kindly explained to me why my dryer wasn't drying as it normally does. He then advised me on how I can easily fix it on my own! Amazing. I will be calling him when a real repair is needed!  and they still give the same care to their work that one would have expected back in the day. A small-town outfit that can hook you up with a nice efficiency AC unit."  both old and new. They installed our A/C system  about 12 years ago- and continue to check it out prior to each summer cooling season. Very experienced  it quit working that evening and they were closed for the weekend.  Had to call in another company who did fix the furnace.  Was still charged full amount by Ray's." "I just had air duct cleaning for my home and they did a great job.  They explained everything before and after.  They were done in the time that they alloted.  They also cleaned 2 chiminies.  They did so good that I had them come 3 days later and do air duct cleaning at my commercial building.  The a/c feels so much better and the building cools down faster.  They were a little bit more expensive in their quote than other companies  it clear that they care greatly about the end result of a project and customer satisfaction!" This place from phone call to service. The guy on the phone explained everything which actually sealed the deal. I was going to search around but after he gave his shpeal it was done. My air quality improved exponentially and I recommended to my friends. We had this company come out today to clean our air ducts and dryer vent. They showed up earlier than expected and did a thorough and efficient job! I highly recommend this company. They really know what they're doing and the guys doing the work were so nice! My house feels & smells different (in a good way!).  I am extremely happy with their service and would highly recommend them to everyone." Ok so my neighbor had a little fire and well the smoke came into my place and I had smoke damage. I was living out of hotels and my mom's house for 4 months trying to get someone to clean up the soot. I had initially called Top Hatter when this started but for some reason I passed them over. 4 months later I called again and scheduled something with Steve. I was very impressed because I let Steve know my situation and he got me the best deal on everything I needed done. These guys did an amazing job and we're just so professional. They cleaned up before they left and even impressed my parents who both now want services done. You should absolutely call these guys if you need your ducts cleaned. Please tell them I sent you. Happy customer here.  They showed up.  Covered things up and went to work.  Pretty thorough.  Price is on the higher end but I believe in You get what you pay for.  Those companies that offer the job for 100-200 dollars I would stay away from.  Mike suggested a revisit every three years. I think that's an excellent suggestion."  courteous and overall awesome. They thoroughly explained the process from start to finish and when I told them I was hoping to get rid of the smoke smell in my air ducts Best customer service that I have experienced in a long time.  AND the job was done neatly and with precision.  The technicians were very professional and friendly.  I cannot say enough good things about my experience with this company!!  informative. Did not make or leave any mess. I will definitely call them next time I need my fireplace cleaned and will call them in the near future to get my air ducts cleaned too."  but we thought it was time to clean it.  The technicians were very professional.  Thank you again for the awesome job.  Paz T."  funny and respectful! I can not stress how much I would recommend this company. Thank you guys so much AMAZING!" My property management company used Top Hatter for bulk dryer vent cleanings on our homes in Tempe. They knocked the jobs out and performed quality service. Also gave us good pricing. Invoicing system needs work but overall good company to deal with. Scheduling an appointment was easy and I was able to get an appointment for the day I wanted. The crew showed up on time and did an amazing job. I really appreciate that they are conscientious with their clean up. The price was the same as quoted -- no upsell I can't give you a review on their service because I called another A/C repair company."  who came out himself to fix it. 2 stars for the initial hassle of not getting it repaired and one of the service reps for not even showing up." Do absolutely everything in your power to avoid this company." 500. It never worked correctly and my renter always complained about her high bill and no cold AC. Finally a new tech from another AZ company realized it was installed wrong. The air duct returns. So thats why the bill has been high and no cold AC with brand new unit. I'm not sure they know what they are doing. Sorry Lee but all true." Ken told me he had a shop at his house and could fabricate a custom made bracket and fit it to a new motor and bring it back the next day. We had managed to borrow a portable AC unit in the meantime so another day without our main AC wasn't going to kill us. When he showed up the next day he had actually found a four bracket part that fit at his shop and had it installed and cooling the house in no time. Ken was going to spend his evening in his shop welding a new bracket if he couldn't find one....this was really going above and beyond." "This company put the wrong size fan motor in our air conditioner because he didn't want to drive across town to get the correct one. Lazy  prompt & very reasonably priced. They just left my house after I called them early on a Saturday morning  our technician showed up on time. He had the problem diagnosed in 20 minutes and fixed in another 10 minutes. He took the time to explain what happened and offer a little education. I would definitely use Lee Collins again. Ask for Ken." I did a referral to a friend who in the middle of the summer season have an AC problem. Her warranty company told her it would be several days before they could get the part for the repair.  I told her to call Ken. He went immediately and she had AC by the next day.  She had her warranty company reimburse her since they could not get it done as quickly and as efficiently."  on a last minute request because my unit had stopped heating.)" "This has been one of the worst customer experiences I have had!!!! AC went out in beginning of JUNE...they had to order a part....that has been replaced 2 times already. I have called numerous times to ask if they had the part I get the same answer every time "" part still on order"" today is the 28th of July I call today and she can schedule me. When asked why I had not been called or notified ??? She rudly said ""I CAN HAVE KEN CALL YOU"". NEVER AGAIN  will I use this place."  watch their every move so that you will not have to call a repairman afterwards."  it turns out I worried about nothing.  I called at 4:30pm and made an appointment for 9am the next day. I received a call at 6am advising a tech was in the area if I wanted someone to come early. The technician stopped by shortly thereafter and had my unit up and running in 30 minutes.  Very happy with the service!"  but it turns out that servicing my A/C coil was not covered by warranty. Fair enough. When I called them on Friday afternoon to schedule out of warranty service  Pete came out and got our heater working. We discussed whether the unit was worth fixing a known problem or replacing.  There was absolutely no pressure to replace  Lee Collins did not install it correctly. He left out the ""p-trap"" so the  coil sat in water and rotted. the coil alone is over 2K!   Really think twice before using this company.  Plus their service is terrible."  but it describes Reliance. Thank you Dalen for the great service you provided. Two years ago another company suggested we needed to buy a new unit and you saved the day. It's still going strong two years later (a 15 year old unit) and your honesty and great service are much appreciated." I have been doing business with Reliance Refrigeration for over 20 years.Dalen is prompt and honest.He has gone beyond my expectations by providing timely and exceptional service when service is needed.His prices are fair and reasonable.My air conditioning unit had lasted over 19 years because of proper maintenance during that time period. I highly recommend Daylan and crew. Have used them personally and recommended them professionally. "I recently had my AC unit downstairs stop cooling. I contacted another company and they came out and told me I had a refrigeration leak in the attic and that it would cost me almost $2  etc. We left a message in the evening after they were closed and received a call back the next morning right when they opened.  They were able to come to our house a few hours later and repaired the unit within an hour. We will definitely use them again." This is also a local & family owned business."  measured. I was very impressed at the care they take in working up options/solutions. I had obtained another quote beforehand and that individual was not as scientific in his craft as Reliance. Dalen told me about all of my options but also suggested blowing more insulation as a less drastic solution to see if that helped. Although I have not purchased anything form Reliance  but I am very careful who I recommend because it becomes a personal reflection of my business. I am happy to enthusiastically endorse Reliance Heating and Air. I have used them in transactions and personally in my own home for many years. Dalen is a great person to work with  and told us what to watch out for in the future. What a pleasure to find someone both competent and kind. Palm Aire has done the same for many members of my family over the years. Thanks Call them first...you'll never need to call any other A/C company again." I would absolutely recommend Integrity!" I realize that price mark-up is how a lot of companies make their money but this is truly gross misconduct and really uncalled for. Now I want to be clear the staff is awesome and this is why I gave them 2 stars but in this economy and with a Rosie rating I am very disappointed." I can't stand companies that try to make money off of nickel/dime items. I guess that's a pet peeve of mine. I will never be using these guys in the future and the only reason I used them to begin with is because they were referred by SRP. Stay away from this poorly run company!" The irony here is their name:  Integrity.  Based on my experience  and we stayed in the house for a little more than a year after having it installed. Integrity is quick This is a great company and I won't be using anyone else or recommending any other place to family and friends."  ""Rosie certified"". You need look no further then their name to know what your going to get as far as work ethic and quality are concerned. Integrity will be first on my list in the future for any of my cooling and heating needs."  diagnosed the problem with my Carrier AC unit (air handler) and charged a fair price.  Before he came out the AC was not working and when he left it was blowing very cold.  I am very happy.   Integrity is a great AC service provider."  all 5 people that I was in contact with for my job were very attentive to my questions and taught me how my old system worked and how the new system will work differently. They work together as a very"" well oiled "" team and left my house as clean as it was before they started this messy job. Thank you for your expertise and professionalism. I will 100% refer them to anyone in need of a trustworthy air and hearing company." Also Rosie certified." "My A/C went out on the hottest day of the year.  I asked a couple of people for a referral and friend of mine gave me Jimmy's number. He was at my house the next day at 7AM.  The compressor went out. I decided I was due for a new unit anyways and Jimmy completed the job the next day and I was completely happy and impressed with the job. New Trane unit and cool air. Would recommend to anyone The Meyers' have been servicing our AC unit for over 30 years.  I couldn't imagine calling anyone else. "We have used Meyer's as long as we've had our house - almost four years. We got their name from our housing inspector and wouldn't think of calling anyone else. They are reliable ZA3Bkz4VXOTzqSs4yobheA I am a real estate broker and have worked with a lot of HVAC companies over the last 27 years.  Sun State is one of the best!  They are a family owned & operated business & they give tremendous service.  They will work till the job is done and will not try to overbill or do unnecessary work.  Top notch company!!! "I found Sun State Refrigeration and appliance company a top notch company. I had Home Protect Warranty company and they were the ones that recommended Sun State refrigeration. I was very impressed by the prompt professional service I received from Sun State Refrigeration. The office people worked great with my Home Protect Warranty company and the service technician was on time These folks are terrific. I had been having a problem with my AC unit - and had tried to figure out the problem after consulting two other well-known HVAC companies. Sun was the only one who figured it out right away and corrected the problem. They are amazing to work with. I'd highly recommend them. And - they show up on time. I will definitely call Sun State Refrigeration with any future A/C needs." I would recommend Sun State Refrigeration to everyone who wants an honest "These guys were great! They came over and fixed the issue quickly. They even looked over a repair we had done on a different part of the unit a couple months before from another company  I called Sun State. I asked them if they could quote me prices for the repairs the other company recommended. It wasn't even close! Sun State's prices were a third of the other company. Sun State came out the next day and did the repairs. They even recommended an additional repair and it was still way less than the other company. I am very impressed with the service and responsiveness of Sun State. I highly recommend them very honest and professional!  meant you were the end of the line customer and repairs on anything could take awhile.  Not the case with Sunstate!  They called immediately on the work order  excellent workmanship (they said the old one's installation was pretty bad  given the other reviews on here. I don't post reviews often or bother to say bad things about others or companies "FANTASTIC! These guys are great and they are honest! We were experiencing major issues with our A/C unit and they were able to come right away to inspect the unit. In a matter of 5-10 mins they were able to tell us the problem and alternative solutions to fix it. Once we decided on which plan of action to take My AC unit was having troubles on a 100+ degree day. At first I called a major brand that advertises on TV. After looking at them on yelp the reviews were horrible.  I saw Sun State reviews were a perfect 5 stars and close to my home. I was also happy to hear they were a family owned and operated company.  I decided to wait and have Sun State come to my house even though the temperature was rising inside.  I am so happy I did too. The team was really professional and fixed the problem quick. If you need to have your AC unit check there is no one else to call. "I've had four different ac people give my ac a tune up and everyone took 5 mins to look at it and then all wanted to up sell me afterwards "I had an issue installing a programmable thermostat. I called several places including Sunstate.  Had to leave messages with most.  Sunstate gave me a phone estimate for installation I had Rob from Sun State come out to my home and check out my AC unit that wasn't producing cold air anymore. Upon first visit we thought we found the problem but after coming home from work my house was still 85degrees. They came right back out the next day and fixed it. Came home today to a crisp 72 degree home. They were professional and produced. Very happy with the them.  kept me informed every step of the way until everything was fixed.  Very pleased with the service from the time I called to set up the appt to when Mark ( I let him know I was going to mention him) finished the job." "I am very impressed with the stellar customer service that Sunstate provided. Dorena called to set up our appointment (came to fix our ac the same day as the call) and was very friendly. She was also compassionate to our situation of our house being over 100 degrees inside due to the broken ac. Rob and another gentleman came out and were very friendly and explained everything. They even had the courtesy of wearing protective booties on their shoes so as to not track dirt in the house. They got our ac working and we could not be more appreciative-a broken ac in the Phoenix summer is miserable. From beginning to end  they were completely booked. They still tried to maintain a level of professionalism but a repair that only lasted for an hour is unacceptable - because of the circumstances I think the company should have fit us in but they refused. So 