1 10 08: I just rec'd my Aquasana waterfilter and all of a sudden find myself less and less reliant on Home Economist." But the topper on all of this is the fact that the people here are so helpful.  If you have a question about which herbs and supplements are good for what  I realized I could go back. I haven't made the leap yet  seeds and seasonings as I believe their prices are fair and their presentation is less pretentious than major chains. The staff is always willing to help and I learn helpful things from the other shoppers as I stroll the isles. I like the free lectures they give to educate the community. And I like their book and magazine selection. I am used to a prettier broader selection of products to choose from Prices could be more competitive I have to deduct a start here because the store does get a little crowded-feeling and just has the appearance of being somewhat rundown (like most of its neighboring businesses) which is far below the standard at any of the other speciality grocers in town.  Still  I'd recommend hitting up the location on South. If running in for a quick ingredient or two It would be nice if HHM would open a store somewhere out on the I-485 perimeter between Pineville & Matthews. I  believe that this area can support several more healthy stores.  Even though consolidation through mergers & acquisitions is the name of the game in corporate America these days Offers the same great items the one on South Blvd does the only downside to this location is the lack of deli and smoothie juice stand.  it's going to be hell to get back on 74W during most times of the day(less busting a U down by Conference)"  they know they have me suckered for their bulk bins and can continue to treat customers poorly. Imagine how well they could do if they didn't have such a piss poor attitude towards customer service."  so when faced with that I've-never-been-to-this-store-and-I-have-no-idea-where-anything-is feeling they're happy to show where to find what you need."  they have let themselves go downhill. The people are quite possibly the rudest I have ever met. I have not met anyone there with a personality yet. The only reason I went there is because it was closer than the one off Sardis Road. But the Sardis location will get all my business from now on. I am very sure that they could care less about one disgruntled customer This place has improved so much. The people are way friendlier. They are nice and easy to talk to. Not rude at all. They are store is clean. The vegetables look fresher. I will start going to this store again.  healthy food. If you have a strict diet for any reason this store is your saving grace." "A little shop on the triangle where Neil Street and Walnut Streets converge.  They made great use of the space.  Lots of teas of course I've been going here since I was literally a wee one. I used to go for the Walker's shortbread but still go for the teas and other treats. The owner is awesome (and even remembered me on my last visit). It's a great little shop.  know that the ""secret hour"" exists if you have that craving for Gustav's soft licorice drops at 4:30 on a Saturday." "Cute shop. Lost a star for having tea that expired A YEAR AGO! Check the date before you buy it! I did buy some tea still  it's hard to not compare WSTCo to some of the fantastic tea supply shops I've found in the world.   Places with much better and more varied stock  this place may not be all that impressive in the products they carry  tea is light sensitive. The teas I bought from the jar taste stale and bad."  but I liked this place a lot. The store alone has a ton of character and it's just charming in itself. I also loved the array of chocolate they had. It would make a great place to go to find some uniquely delicious gifts. Mmm!" bmGEYg9Xw9XmCQXgeZ_Pyw  and avoid teas and other herbs that are sold in clear glass jars.  This shop does have a sale table for the out of date foods and teas with awesome sale prices which I often take advantage of Really cool place with lots of delicious tea! The staff is really friendly and they seem to know what they are talking about."  home made goods and my favorite tea made this one of my new favorite shops in the area. The selection of teas was nice but I agree with the other reviewers that the storage of it was a bit off. I bought a couple ounces and can't wait to try it! They lost a star with me because of the crowded feeling I got"" there were maybe 5 customers other then my boyfriend and I in the store. There was an employee blocking a good deal of stuff I wanted to see stocking stuff on shelves and overall I just felt squished. Pleased with everything else tho!!!" So many options of tea to choose from. The shop isn't crowded most of the time but when it is crowded it is hard to move around the shop because there isn't much space to move around in. They do have coffee but just like the tea it doesn't seem to be stored correctly. This is a great little shop to get gifts for your mom or grandmother. The items might be a little overpriced but if you like tea you are sure to find something here you like. A pleasant shop that expresses a great interest in the complex and ancient art of tea. The Walnut Street Tea Company offers a surprising plethora of unique and special teas that are sure to keep you absorbed in your explorations. You should be able to find  what you're looking for in the realm of tea and the prices are as they should be.  just a little bit for sampling. Drinking one of them right now - superb quality  though I myself stayed in the tea section. Just tried a cup of their raspberry mint tea and I'm love. I wish I lived closer so I could come here more often!"  the woman who I always see behind the counter (I assume she is the owner) has always been super friendly and sweet. I hope this adorable corner teashop is around for a long "A wonderful shop with wonderful customer service. Fabulous variety of loose teas & coffees. Quaint tea pots  the woman who I always see behind the counter (I assume she is the owner) has always been super friendly and sweet. I hope this adorable corner teashop is around for a long 