 a paved hiking trail that is 1 3 of a mile long.  Small playground with equipment in good shape.  A perfect place for your toddler!"  so this is so cool.  Next time I visit I really want to check out the nature center and have a little cookout.  I can't wait to come back." the trails around the lake are super easy and kept very clean. there's plenty of parking. fairly decent bathroom facilities. and i believe that the camping areas are super cheap. really "I wish NoVa had a place this size and this beautiful! We did four trails in about 2 hours and saw turtles  you might catch a glimpse if some wildlife!" Trees. Trails. Picnic tables and camping spots. I only wish that there was a dog park here and then it would be perfect!  but I'm sure one of these days I'll stop in." Get out there before the heat if summer arrives!"  which will take you away from all the busy city life. The nature preserve has numerous hiking trails which are marked and some are good 2 to 3 mile loops. It has picnic tables and grills right besides the lake. Great place to take your dogs for a hike or running on the trails."  I wasn't impressed.  Ever trail I went hiking on had trash on the trails.  A few had tree's blocking the trails as well.  It just seems like its not mantained."  and have a picnic. There are also places you can camp if that's your thing too. Some of the trails will take you to the lake too. There are places to grill we have yet to explore Lake Wiley  and gorgeous trails. Wonderful for any athletic ability! The only reason I'm not giving it a five star is because it lacks more difficult hikes for more experienced hikers. But it is an absolutely breathtaking park otherwise." -The entire park is underneath a flight path for CLT airport. Prepare for lots of airplane traffic noise; earplugs at night are recommended." "Stinky wasteland with shallow waters that offer a view and sound of I-77 and the Lake Wylie Marina. Rocks line the shores and I would definitely not attempt swimming here "This review is of the Campground at McDowell.  We did not go to the lake or hike. We found a site without a reservation in August and stayed here for about a week.  The tent sites do not have grass and you are required to set up in a specific gravel area so bring plenty of padding.  The areas are level and will allow at least two tents  the grounds are beautiful and there are many decks around the lake for fishing or just relaxing. Really cool place!" I didn't take advantage of it but if you want to camp and not invest in a tent they have rent a tent sites which is a great option for novice or infrequent campers." One of my most favorite places to meditate. Seating along the shore provides a peaceful and serene view. I only wish there was more swing chair seating along the shoreside. Awesome park and a great amenity for outdoor enthusiasts."  and if I wanted solitude I could camp literally anywhere else.  For anyone seeking a not-too-far-away-from-civilization outdoor experience  reflecting and soaking up life. Very pet friendly. Love the docks and love fishing here. Maybe i'll have a picnic here sometime." ASC Greenway is an absolutely beautiful nature preserve with a lot of history in it.  I'm glad it is very close to mi casa  she's a horse person).  The barn wedding & reception would have been ok (it's a really nice barn) except that at the time it wasn't air-conditioned and was a litte too warm.   If you are not into barn nuptials g1nxHxVakCbJcqtjOl9Rjw g1nxHxVakCbJcqtjOl9Rjw  and was even watching some guys dog. ..while he was mtn biking!!!  I hope he gave her something (a nice tip) will be back with my bike any time  I am here..Loved it!!!! trails need better markings only negative."  and so you would want to be prepared if you plan to visit. Great place for families and couples. Quiet and not over crowded. My husband and I went to this place on Saturday afternoon and we couldn't ask for a better place to unwind from the busy life and connect with nature  afternoon or simply an hour. Very lucky to live within 5 minutes of this jewel. Highly recommend this place especially for families!" It is simply peaceful and beautiful here.  I will definitely be back over and over!" Get a family membership every year to the Greenway. It's always fun day with no TV and real family time. Have camped here a couple time as well and that was a blast. My son caught his first fish in the lake and that made for another great memory. We get family pictures taken here every year and love the trails too. Nothing but good things to say about the greenway  we got outside and had an absolute blast"  but the inside is basic. I'm sure it's that way to allow people to decorate it for any occasion." I will definitely be back for more exploring and horse back riding! I definitely want to see the lakes and go hiking on the trails that they have around."  but some people don't have $ to spend each time or $100 to shell out for an annual pass and a place like this should be accessible to everyone.  They do offer membership assistance to those who meet the income requirements "This place needs to pave it's entry way. You have a lot of people with money moving into Fort Mill area who actually have nice cars. Complete negligence by the owners  just make sure you aren't expecting a hike or a huge lake to kayak on!" "What a beautiful place ! I love all of the trails (running & biking) and love the dairy barn. Such a cute ""park"" I go there all the time."  nice river.  Not all trails are paved so be aware if you have a stroller or such (as a few people I passed did).  It's a bit far from my house so it was great to visit Another star deducted. They are charging for parking for special events such as the summer concert series now. They just advertised last year that these events were free for members.  Parking for special events will set you back $5 per visit or $30 annually. What a crappy thing to do: Advertise something to sell more memberships and then add on more fees afterward. This place is not going in the right direction. It is becoming a place where only people who can afford to go will be able to enjoy it. I probably won't be renewing my membership. "The Anne Springs Close Greenway is a nonprofit organization that supports getting close to nature. Visitors receive so much for the minimal annual member fees. I am more than happy to support the Greenway by being a member The nature preserve is open and free for all." "My son went there on a class field trip. Friendly and passionate staff. Great place to learn about nature and for ""planting the seed"" of protecting/respecting the environment." Phenomenal experience for the whole family! It's amazing because you're right in the midst of an urban setting but the prairie is native and the setting is stunning. My daughter loved seeing the turtles floating on logs and the rabbits hopping along the trails. We became a member on our first visit. It's a great organization to support.  love the educational space. Beautiful building. Education staff is rocking!" Just finished hiking this. Very peaceful with tons of birds chirping.  70 percent shaded.  Easy parking and friendly staff.  Clean bathrooms.  on Central Avenue near the Rio Salado (Salt River) you will find an important resource for better appreciating our Sonoran desert environment and  the importance of conservation of species diversity.  The Nina Mason Pulliam Rio Salado Audubon Center is a state-of-the-art  riparian habitat. I attended an event here last month and thought it was an amazing facility for small to medium gatherings. And the surrounding trails are absolutely serene  with a sign posted on the road pointing towards the building and the parking lot." Stop by and you'll meet their passionate staff and some friendly bird n beer enthusiasts.  There's no better way to to unwind after work  interactive displays and presentations. Everyone was so friendly here and we especially enjoyed wandering the trails! Great for families!" Phoenix is one of only 6 cities to get a center like this. They've taken a derelict parcel of ground and converted it into something beautiful and sustainable. Every time I go I see some special bird or bug that I haven't seen before. The River Pathways program is amazing and available to kids who might otherwise not get an experience like this. My cousin just had her wedding here. It was so much fun! Everyone had a good time. The environment is so natural and beautiful. I would recommend it for any event. "This is a great place in South Phoenix.  I probably would not have even known about it had I not hear the SW Monarch project was selling milkweed for butterfly gardens at the ""Migration Celebration"". The volunteer staff were so very helpful and we got to see the beautiful grounds at the Rio Solado.  The park was well maintained and the smell of the desert was intoxicating.   We had a great time!"  natural plants and animals. We've also been here for Halloween costume events and the Cub Scout District Pinewood Derby Championships. While some people may worry about the location 