 do you pick up what I'm putting down?  You're not making any money because your costumer service SUCKS....in fact My only complaint is that sometimes it takes a while to check out at this location. I don't normally have a problem - usually only one or two people ahead of me - but sometimes it can be much slower. Today  but only for an item that I cannot find elsewhere. Or if I'm too lazy to drive further out."  and it's a very good one. Recommended always. For those who love crafting Plus the prices at Michael's are significantly more than other area craft stores. I usually only stop there if I'm already at tend Waterfront. I'd recommend checking other craft stores first. Unless you need glitter. Especially fine glitter. Michael's has the best glitter selection quality of any store I've ever been to."  but some empathy would have been nice. I wasn't completely out of line asking because a little bubble wrap and it would have been fine in the first place. I will never be back to this or any other Michael's." I went back to Michaels to explore again and found some other useful items.  It will likely not be a stop that I frequent weekly but when the fancy to decorate comes up The staff is helpful. Parking is plentiful."  I've been shopping at this Michael's location. I go here at least twice a month. And I must say its grown on me. The store is always clean and organized. The associates are usually helpful. And I can I usually find some good deals if not clearance items. Though I must admit that the cake decorating class schedules are not as full as here when you compare them to the Monroeville location." "1* for the Apple map telling me they're open until 10pm. Just completed a mad dash here at 9:30pm. Yes Cashiers were friendly and i didn't have to search around too much before finding the size frame I needed..." 3. There is a manager who sometimes works the cash register who is RUDE to customers. She doesn't greet you  which is a plus but it only mildly takes the edge off the fact that I still have to drive across town to another Michael's."  but if you're looking for a top quality paint brush or oil paint then try to find a speciality art store.  They usually have better quality and the prices are a lot cheaper.  If you do purchase paint colors then pull the tubs from the back...they're a little fresher.  They also have a decent varity of faux flowers where you can make pretty flower arrangemants.  I heard that the classes that they give (flower and cake decorating) are decent but I haven't taken one just yet.  Once I do I'll leave a review for that as well :)" - a tad bit messy and cramped in the store"  but that is partially due to it being an older store.  The other reason the store looks so terrible is because its a mess (empty and disorganized shelves)!  I'm not sure if this store is physically smaller than the other Michaels in the area  I needed to return those unused and buy other items to complete my project. My first stop was the cashier to make a return. She volunteered to hold on to my bag until I was ready to check out. This store was large and full of all types of sh... stuff that a crafter may need. After a failed attempt of finding felt on my own Now that's what I call a finding!" "Friendly staff...tons of great ideas and products!  I came here after a disappointing experience at Archivers in the same mall.  From now on  a decent place. Greenway Station on the whole is a bit of a weird shopping center I don't understand why the experience here varies so much from it's neighbor to the east where I'm greeted  which is a good sign at any establishment. They're also always happy to point me in the right direction when I'm not sure exactly where to look for something like Mod Podge that would logically belong in about five different places." I can say this that's good about this Michael's: they always have a huge selection of Martha Stewart crafting products and a great cake decor aisle as well."  even though the Food Network show was cancelled in 2011 (maybe they're worth something on eBay!). Mikey's is not the place to go for a personalized shopping experience This place has something for everyone or if you're not in the crafting mood just browse their dollar section."  today they had 3 of 6 registers open and a HUGE line. I counted more than 40 people in the line. The people at the registers were very nice and accommodating. I felt badly for them Now I know an easy way to distinguish between brands and will call about frame color before I get the next one." Things are usually well-stocked and the staff is generally friendly. Sales are omnipresent and you can pretty much always find a coupon that will knock of at least 25% The staff is friendly and knowledgeable."  the staff leaves something to be desired. They are not overly helpful and at times have just tried to up-sell us. I will probably start to try to find a new local jewelry making supply shop."  and not always friendly.  The staff generally won't look at or speak to you as you stand there waiting for the interminable line to move  but the terrible customer service ensured that I will never be back." Seems the non jeweler has the place figured out. I'm glad you have a great experience when you go into Lonnies but I can assure you that you would not walk into another business that is your expertise and act like a dummy so you can get good service! BTW I drive to Flagstaff to go to a little store called Thunderbird Supply and they give better service than Lonnies also."  their loose gems (which was the reason i went) were not very good quality. Their prices were not very good either and their service was terrible. I try to shop local and was looking forward to going to a new ""candy store"" but will buy on Amazon in the future if Beads Galore doesn't have what I'm looking for. Appalling service. I probably would have dropped $50-$100 on supplies today alone  Lonnie gets upset!??? Even heard Lonnie yelling at customers & staff. Staff is discouraged from spending time talking or helping customers no matter if they're buying $15 or $1500 worth of supplies; can't talk to other employees either = Lonnie's code of silence. It's unfortunate there aren't other good shops around as going in there is drudgery. So shopping online has become a much better experience. If you wanted to be treated rudely  and rush you out at closing. The reason I go back is there selection of cane glass beads are the best I've found anywhere and that's all I buy there." Trust me on this one - go to SJ Jewelry Supply.  Mario will be courteous and helpful  the  woman behind the counter in a scolding manner said ""I can only show you one size stone at a time"".  I walked out!   When their doors close once and for all they can thank themselves for driving people away.  I'll go to Mario's S K or order on line.   Mario is an accommodating "I decided to support a local business rather than order my silver supplies online. I went in excited to get supplies and learn a new craft - but wow - the staff is so rude and condescending. The clerk literally turned her head and laughed when I asked a question about polishing silver. I quickly paid and left. I won't return. So sad that a local business can't treat their customers with respect  and you are an apprentice going into a skilled artisan's store. That artisan probably demands respect in a way most modern people don't. It may seem backwards "I went into this store yesterday buying all supplies needed to make jewelry.  The clerk was nice made suggestions I bought what she advised.  Was a disaster I ruined several pieces later learning she had sold me way to heavy of silver I could not do anything with it.  I called said no returns but someone else came on and said come in he would of given me credit for part of slab of silver.  I was willing to buy more of appropriate gauge I've grown up a lot since my early twenties."  listless to the sides. Empty stares and lots of bumping in to each other. No cannibalism that I know. I do not make that claim. They have a lot of stuff and cater to a lot of different personalities. Just wish the staff get a personality. Meow!" I do have a question: is the fake flower arranging community really that prevalant anymore because Michael's has a ridiculous amount of fake greens and wreaths and flower bunches that look clownish and I thought the general consensus was that they were a faux pas.  seriously." Frankly I think all three of those employees should be fired for wasting Michael's and my time while getting paid. I'm sure they make crap pay but that is no excuse for flagrant laziness. It has cost Michael's my business."  unfriendly and lazy! They are always carrying on dumb conversations. The lines go on forever. The old lady cashiers are always rude like I'm wasting their time! There's always something on the wrong shelf so when you get to the cashier she looks at you like you're lying or just stupid!!! They have lost my business!!! Someone needs to get the District Manager in these stores because they wont stay in business with that customer service!!!"  it's usually the best place in the area to find great baking supplies. At least until I open a store like that myself." "Eek!  Me thinks not is the truth!  HORRIBLE with a CAPITAL HORRIBLE!  About 3-4 weeks ago I took in a 20x20 poster to be framed.  The guy told me it would be ready 9/19.  Notice that It's 3 days later than 9/19 and I have not yet received a call from them telling me my frame STILL isn't ready  glitter and other embellishments at Michael's."  they're sticklers about taking coupons which makes it that much more annoying. (JoAnn's will take like  I'll be back next week because this is the closest one when I am out and about.  But seriously I have a wonderfully talented daughter who has given me a number of beautiful drawings that need to be framed. Today I headed off to Michaels to try to get one of them framed. The picture was rather large so it doesn't fit in a standard mat/frame without some effort. The guy that helped me was fairly helpful She was too busy trying to charge me $600.00 for some shite." "There really isn't much I like about Michael's to begin with - I especially dislike them for using my name and putting on such an inferior showing - but this location was a particular disaster.  Clean up your aisles for goodness sake  stickers and ink stamps with the occasional home decor item so for me this store does a good enough job.  It can depend on what materials you might need and how much you require.  One thing I noticed is another Michaels store I go to on Peoria Avenue near MetroCenter Mall tends to be better stocked and have the newest craft releases a bit sooner than this store GrGHVKec258eN1_gtJwS1w  gentlemen: the tiny bottles of exotic colors are not bought by children. Nor is there a gigantic acrylic-painting movement among Munchkins. Your acrylic paint buyers are adults "There are ONLY two people who work in this HUGE store today and neither know where lamp oil is or were able to call a manager because the ""manager is busy in a meeting."""  the crafts have to sell themselves and thank goodness for the employees here that artists and people that do crafts on a regular basis find the need to buy supplies here or this place would be out of business quickly if based only on the customer service."  back to the parking...  The parking at this whole shopping center sucks butt.  Avoid it all all costs around the major shopping days like Black Friday or Christmas Eve!  Consider yourself warned.  ;)"  I've never had any crazy experiences at Michaels. Their birthday bag/box/tissue paper/etc. stuff is way overpriced. But their discount selection is great. And I can always find cool stuff. I have a daughter  as I am sure it will turn out to be a much better store! Good luck with the reno!"  if you need art supplies I'd head to this Michael's every time. Don't forget to DL the app!!" Just reading the reviews seems that this Michaels store is getting a new look which I agree is overdue. They don't carry as much stock as most Michaels because of the space they're in but other than that I've never had a problem when visiting this store."  and for your friendly staff...very glad that this place is nice and close.  My art projects appreciate it." It's not the easiest place to find your way around but Robert was EXtremely helpful!! my experience a little more pleasant.  the manager of the framing section. He was very polite and helpful. He had us leave the framed print for remounting and personally handled the work the next day at no charge. We couldn't be happier with the quality of the work and the way in which we were treated." "It felt like a smaller location where there's a little bit of every dept but nothing really expansive. The arts section was small and the art pencils are limited or they ran out/not well stocked. I didn't find all of what I needed  this last time was different me and my gf received and email coupon for 50% off for Halloween promo my girl needed more yarn so we decided to both go and I would use my coupon for an extra yarn for her. After we were done shopping and ready to pay I noticed everyone was using a coupon the gentleman who was working cash register seemed very nice to other customers as soon as I came up and asked him how he was his mood changed he did not answer my question and asked if that was all I said yes sir and I showed him my coupon he said oh another one There was a nice clerk at the front; she was the store's only saving grace from 1 star. :)" knowledgeable & moves the lines quickly when she is at the cash register. I think she is a great asset to your store  and hope your company recognizes what a great employee they have!!!"  patient and helpful in presenting different options to compliment the photo. David showed us different color combinations of mats and frames. He would change things up until we found the perfect fit. He also helped us utilize the coupons for the best savings. Kudos to Michaels for having an employee like David  I saw how much this one lacks. They didn't have entire sections the other locations offer. The customer service isn't good either. I wish that for the hassle of parking alone they would offer more. Especially since it is a popular location. I would rather drive up to Paradise Valley than go here." Chances are I won't be returning after my last visit. I can just as easily go to the Michael's up the street from my house or venture over to Paradise Valley where I have the choice between Michael's and Hobby Lobby."  you should be able to breeze through.  The Michaels near MetroCenter is bigger and have wider inventory.  You may also need to stop by other Michaels all over the valley and may be surprised they carried what some others did not.  I also had great customer service in the past when there was a limited edition Christmas mini clear rubber stamps sets (the popular $1 ones) that I had been on the lookout for 