is impeccable! ALL of my clocks are running at peak performance;they even took the time to look at my ""Black Forest"" cuckoo clocks and passed on valuable advice as to how I should maintain them. I graciously appreciate their time "Can't say enough good things about Paul's Clock Repair.  We inherited an old clock from my parents that had not worked for some time.  For a very reasonable price  which was given to me by my mother who had recently passed away.  I needed it done on a short time line since I live out-of-town and was leaving soon.  It is next to impossible to find anyone who can actually fix that type of clock especially anywhere close to where I live.  They were so accommodating and really really helped me out during a hard time.  Much thanks to Lisa for spending the time to teach my about the clock & how to take care of it and her dad for fixing it up!  My Atmos clock is now working great and looks wonderful on my mantle!" Very kind and knowledgeable. Thank you for helping us with my grandmother's grandchild clock. We appreciate your tips and got ourselves the right screws. Now it beautifully adorns our living room. Thanks again! Worth a visiting at least once every few months however!" Their selection of OLD items is great and their prices are decent. The staff is always really nice and they are open on Sundays This is hands down my favorite antique shop. I've been to most of the shops in phoenix and this one always stands out to me. I always seem to find something that I have to have wether it be some old black and white photos or a bear rug! The staff is friendly and will help you find what your looking for if you require something specific. They will also call the booth owner if you would like to make an offer on a piece. Everything is reasonably priced for the most part and the content stays filtered. I mean I have nothing against people who collect toys and beetles memorabilia but I'm just glad that at this store I don't have to sift through it.  2 thumbs up for sure! 9ryGi1IxglgxuZEmfDQfAg  but someone will help if you ask. It's like any other store...some prices are more than fair and some are very high. You don't find much junk here...it goes from high end glass items to collectibles of any price. It's true about being watched Great place to fine unique pieces of furniture. I bought 3 end tables and an english Edwardian desk from them and I'll go more and look for other stuff. The elegant lady with the short black hair in the front is very nice and she will do anything to help. Thank you ! 9XmZiDDXs7OPLyaDz4Z4Vg "I love this store! I have been to most of the antique shops in Phoenix and out of all of them this place is my favorite. The best thing about it is that it is somewhat regulated as to what is sold there. No plastic 80's/90's toys  I've started to add this place to one of my favorites. The staff always is always nice to me and I've found quite a few fantastic pieces for my house. The prices seem reasonable and there's a couple booths that always have something fun to look at." Major negative: it's exceedingly more expensive than other antique shops in the valley."  weird wall hangings to furniture that you can't sit on unless you buy (makes sense). One can easily spend hours  & right away a lady showed me afew pieces around the store.  Ive purchased a few items from here love browsing around the store"  they don't know you from Adam. Anybody that is going to get they're feelings hurt about it might need to stay home and shop on eBay. Just sayin'. Having said all that Bottom Line: Do your self a favor and don't stop by here."  I felt I needed to come in and defend my staff.  A few weeks ago a one star review was left by a young lady named Bianca.  I plan to address her concerns privately The gals at the counter always greet us and never hover.  Last time I was fortunate enough to make an offer on 3 items from the same dealer and got 20% off because of it!  Thank you Pat!"  but I stated we would not be returning and would spend our money elsewhere.  She retorted  ""that's fine!""  what happened to good customer service? If she would have been polite it would have been a totally different experience and we probably would've returned... Not the case!  With this economy customers have many choices of where to spend or in this case NOT spend their money. We will never go back to this establishment!"  in general are pleasant & helpful.  Of course you can expect them to ""check on you""...every store does that. I don't take offense.   I purchased a big item that had to be delivered and the staff could not have been nicer & more helpful.  Thanks!" 