 we will personally ask for David."  it was 67.  We closed on the house to find the 3 year old A/C unit had a rat chewing wires inside it!  A simple visual inspection could have discovered this. They probably didn't look at the unit at all otherwise they would have noticed the rat droppings. Since it is a pre-existing condition our home warranty won't cover it! They failed to inspect one of the most critical items in a home in AZ!  Very disappointed and would not recommend.  Also  and he even made some quick fixes to my home while he was inspecting it!  He rearranged a pair of sliding closet doors so that they no longer scraped each other when being opened/closed.  Can't say enough - it was like getting a walk through from Mike Holmes (for those who watch HGTV)." Just used these guys for a house we bought. Excellent service. I thought the inspector was professional and extremely knowledgeable. I got the report the same day and it was great. Highly recommend. "Realtor's beware. An out of state buyer just canceled our contract since 99% of the items were listed as ""Requires Repair"" when they should of been listed as informational. Examples include a faucet screens that did not spray a perfect pattern - it was a total BS extreme inspection with no basis in fact. To add to the insult  ceiling and walls destroyed. Called home warranty and home insurance and real estate agent and all said inspection should have flagged this. Called All Pro and was laughed at literally by the lady who answered the phone. Was told that ""they all do this All Pro has the best reports broken up by each room. The report is easy to read and also shows pictures of each item that needs repair. The inspectors also walk through the report with my clients and myself and take their time explaining everything my clients have questions on. I use David Sturgeon and he has been great to work with. He gets the report back to me the same day and all my clients have enjoyed working with him. "I've used All-Pro Inspections for years and I absolutely love them. They have the best reports out there and are extremely detailed. They have never missed anything for me and if there are ever any questions/suggestions Did not catch smallest problems to biggest and very expensive problems. 