"Don't waste your time.  We had two different people come to our house to give us estimates for a deck (one of them the OWNER).  Both times Even though I have a nice deck (after I clean things up myself!) "When I wanted a deck for the back of my home I ended up calling Quaker State Construction. It ended up working very well and they were very polite. I got an estimate and called them to start working out the details of my new deck. Once we got the plans all sorted out they started building my new deck and it was finished with in a reasonable amount of time. I now have a beautiful deck that I can relax and that my family can enjoy. Overall Ran around the store looking for those few items that I needed to satisfy my need to build and create.  Minimal help from the small quantities of employees I am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence.  What was originally an average Lowe's has turned into Lowe's Hell.  If the associates do not have basic logic comprehension Can't really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lanes it's a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with a single associate." "This local Lowe's serves its purpose for my husband and me -- a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two. I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store. I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe's stores "Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it  I called our salesman (David Crane). He was surprised that I had not heard from the installer. He told me he would send a message to the installation dept about calling us.Today it's July 8th and we STILL have not heard a peep from anyone at Lowes. Our total order that we planned on spending at Lowe's was around $1700.00 !! I called today and asked to talk to a store Manager. I told him that we have not heard from anyone at Lowe's and that we are not going to proceed with our order. I told him we would like our $35.00 back. He said OK  I cannot remember his name. (Bad customer on my part.) Thank you!!!"   who doesn't grab the wrong part?  Their garden section is great for Spring planting.  They have competatively priced appliances.  5% off with Lowe's credit card is also nice.  Having those large items delivered is a convenience. Their best asset is the expertise of the staff.  I frequently change mind on an original concept based on their input.   Highly recommended" I went into Lowes for a few items--one being a dehumidifier.  I asked 2 different employees to assist--they were rude and told me to read the box.  Being 8 months pregnant I couldn't lift the box into the cart and they didn't much care.  Finally after asking another 3 employees--I found one to help. So much rudeness --checking out and trying to find other items. Clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here.  just explaining my 3 star review :) The DampRid was sold in a 2 pack for under $6. I left satisfied."  5pm....yeah right...who's gonna even bother answering?  These guys did.  Ed was here in about an hour.  He was very professional (he even put booties on his feet before coming into the house)  when it rains it pours...literally. I went down to the basement and discovered water all over the floor and a spray coming out of a water line and shooting to the ceiling. I've had way too many ""oh shit"" moments like these this summer. This time M0RJELIvWleZ-Tkd6vdXFQ "Got a good quote for some kitchen sink drain and laundry plumbing updates and had them come back and do the work the next month. Fast "We used rdn plumbing who was recommended by aha (american home shield) to help fix a clogged drain.  A guy named Justin came and helped us.  After he left the drain was unclogged but the pipe below the sink was leaking.  We left the country for vacation and have been swamped in construction afterwards.  We called aha for a recall to have rdn come back and fix the leaking pipe. I woke up at 830 am to justin screaming (and i mean screaming so loud that i was alarmed in bed with earplugs in).  He was questioning my husband about why we waited 3-4 weeks to call it in.  After my husbad explained that we were out of the country he implied thAtmy husband messed with the pipes himself.  My husband stayed calm and told him that he just needs to fix the problem from not putting pipes back together correctly.  THEN my husband askd if he could call aha and see if the leaking faucet would be covered.  He went out to his truck and called and then came barging back in with a wrench and started fixing the faucet by literally turning the wrench twice.  He told my husband while turning the wrench that it wasnt covered.  My husband tried to get im to stop because he only wanted to know if it was covered.  Justin freaked out again and wrote up a whole new work order.  He gave us the bill and stormed off.  The even wrote on the statement ""i am not going to be told how to do my job"".  I have never seen a temper tantrum from a so called professional in my life.  I als would like to add that i have NEVER left a 1 5 stars for any service professional and we are no strangers to house remodeing."  was extremely professional and was more than generous with information regarding the draining of the tank on a bi-yearly basis (something of which I did not know to do). He was polite and cleaned up after himself. They alleviated my issue and made me very happy. They're a little out of my range for basic needs as I live roughly 40 minutes from Homestead but I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone. Awesome folks."  friendly and he helped to put my mind at ease during a stressful morning. He explained how to maintain the new tank to make it last longer. I highly recommend RND Plumbing and Their technician Ed! He certainly exceeded our expectations!!"  and I'll never call anybody else for my plumbing needs again." The entire building also has severe electrical problems that causes all lights to be replaced twice a month. No permanent fixes are made to existing units  odds are that you will regret it." "Rocco and Vivian have truly been a graceful pair to my roommate and I for the past year. We lived right on Fifth avenue and Bellefonte and found no reason to complain aside from the neighbor's dog downstairs. The few mishaps that happened within the apt ( a broken lock While looking for a rental after relocating Rockwel was extremely helpful and courteous.  They were very responsive and accommodating with the right deadline my wife and I were under.  They were willing to go above and beyond to get the place prepped in time. Couldn't recommend them more.  and one of the owners threatened saying that we were in default of our lease agreement for not keeping our apartment as clean as when it had been leased to us. Dealing with Rocco and Elisabeth is nice  and in working order and are pleasant Definately one of the more frustrating things to happen to me during my relocation CALL ACE FIRST!!!!  :-D"  and very fair. I wouldn't go anywhere else." I already had a transponder key for my truck but needed the key cut so I could use it. They did it right then and didn't charge me anything. "Extremely satisfied with the service that was provided by Ace Lock.  Their technician showed up on time What was even better?  They showed up less than an hour later!  Since when do service technicians show up several hours early?  Mike took care of the job quickly "Great guys there. Brought in a broken lock that it turned out they couldn't do much with but they spent well over an hour helping me and providing guidance on a replacement which they didn't even have to sell me (not lack of inventory  cost 120dollars. I used a different company to open my car door at 10 pm before and only cost 50...so...."  positively punctual and just an all-around courteous and friendly employee of the company" Construction Junction is definitely a treasure trove This place even has recycled paint! I used it on my basement walls 'cause it's inexpensive (I needed five gallons). It looks great and seems to hold up well "You guys can't even imagine how much I love Construction Junction right now! After trying to work with a few other groups to pick up our old office furniture and having a heck of a time coordinating various logistical issues  which made for a great new coffee table. The staff is extremely friendly and hard working and CJ is dedicated to donations to charity and the community. I like to frequent this place every month. What a great find. Check it out A new ""reuse"" store has opened in the area nearby. They have more reasonble prices and thier building is heated." The Big Pour doesn't hurt either ;)"  i guess they are so successful that they are becoming arrogant.  here's the rub:  my hubby sent me a picture of a chandelier they had; i did not see the picture until 30 minutes later; by then he had left the store.  i called to BUY the chandelier over the phone.  this has been done before (we WERE construction junction junkies).  the lady adamantly refused to help me. she adamantly refuesed to even listen to a description of the fixture!  she gave the following excuses:"" well  electrical stuff and more for construction projects. Found a matching IKEA office cabinet with one I had for only $20. It was originally $450 and IKEA no longer made it so it was a great find!" probably better for sourcing fixtures for industrial   commercial spaces ..." "This is a great place to find restoration pieces for our old farmhouse.  Just make sure that you measure your doors windows twice before going.  We live about an hour and a half away  so you can come here to sort out your commingled recyclables and then go shopping for a new mantle or some headless manequins. You really never know what you might find." "Construction Junction is one of my favorite places in the city. Since I really like to make stuff  this is your place. Also a great spot to look for used household construction items for refurbishing your old Pittsburgh house. A neat concept I love this place. If you have a project that is on a budget or if you just want to go somewhere to get inspired to start a project than this is the place for you. They have everything here including the kitchen sink.  this is definitely the spot for all of your DIY and home needs!" I easily spent a hour in here just browsing the shelves.  I saw potential in a lot of the items I saw lining their shelves.  And I took a few items home with me.  When I reached the register I was truly floored by the price.  When I say that  open 9-5 daily sunday 10-5-------off n braddock  - past regent square on a side street" "I love this place.  I've come here for the odd bits and bobs--brass casters for a piece of antique furniture (25 cents each)  and file cabinets in mass quantities. Then wonder where all this crap is gonna go in our tiny apartment..."  and I had an item to buy (a filing cabinet). We left empty handed and drove straight to Office Depot  if you're remodeling your house and need to throw those old materials - they have a number of recycle bin where you can simply drop it off." You never know what you are going to find.  The paint is absolutely phenomenal... Wonderful money saver and decent selection of colors.  You can do great crafty projects with their tile selection (May not be enough to tile a large area but good for bathrooms or mismatch).  I bought an amazing new vanity there that would have cost me triple elsewhere.  So fabulous!  the mannequins displayed in around the hot tub....It is more than a place to find home improvement products. It is art. I never thought seeing so many colors of toilets or toilet tanks together (many pastels) would remind me of that. It definitely has the feel and look of Pittsburgh and from the mannequin displays it shows that the employees have personality plus!"  you must go here!  I picked up an old dresser today for $10 its needs the drawer fixed and to be refinished Also  this place is nonprofit and they have an amazing fundraiser every year in September called the Big Pour.  $75 ticket gets you all the beer and food you could want for 3 hours.  Best event in Pittsburgh!" I love this place so much! It makes me want to redo the kitchen and bathroom floors in every apartment I rent with vintage tile. Nowhere else in Pittsburgh can you find recycled building materials next to old furniture waiting to be given a new lease on life and mirrors as large as an entire wall. Construction Junction is a treasure trove! PavTvJ4JSe9rAwjlr-wrsg Just thought you should know."  but I'm so glad the we have a store like this in the city! I'm excited to bring my fiance here and pick out a door. Out storm door could be replaced too. Everything here was soooooooo reasonably priced! Doors under $25 Tip: sign up for the weekly email that gives you inventory updates!"  but it also encourages recycling with its big bins in the parking lot."  the space is huge. Also consider attending their fabulously successful fundraiser sGSTIYyYXaYl9XDWfxbEeQ Call Lakewood..NOT STAAB AND SONS!!!"  they're ""all business."" Got our seasonal service contract in January ... but couldn't get service until June. Requested an estimate for a leaking bathtub ... But got the invoice three days before I got the estimate. And then got a past due ""dunning notice"" 6 days after the service call. Truly the good news is that now that we have the internet companies like this won't be able to get away with it forever....." Just ask around Pittsburgh. Most people know of this company and the first thing out of their mouths are: ""Please tell me you're not renting from those slum-lords.""." Atch-Mont is solid. Been renting with them for 4 months. They are easy to work with and fixed things very quickly when reported.  but he did not give me all the deposit back...saying that he payed somebody to clean it(bulshit). And he charged me  for taking off some portraits off the wall that i left there...but he did not do that cause i still can see the portraits  from east ohio street (layer)...the worst unprofessional real estat company..." "My husband and I visited Lighting by Erik yesterday and were absolutely blown away with the amount of product in the store! This is the BEST place in Pittsburgh to find lighting. We were in the market for a nice crystal chandelier for our kitchen and had more than enough choices to pick from. We have had a hard time before yesterday finding a nice enough crystal chandelier in town (or getting good customer service from other stores). Also  is the clerk telling us ""I don't know"" about a policy that's so clearly the exception to the local norm. If you're going to have a ridiculous  I went to Lighting by Erik because they were close to my home. I was initially pleased by the private parking lot as parking can be an issue in that area. The service I received was outstanding.. I was told that I could save about $30 by fixing the lamp myself  is very pretty.. But the customer service is by far the worst I have ever experienced. I should have known not to buy a lamp here as the one saleswoman was extremely pushy and followed me all around the store the entire time and kept trying to sell me a $400 lamp. As soon as I got home I was unwrapping the lamp shade and noticed that it was cracked. I called immediately and explained that I had received a flawed product. They assured me they would order a new shade and it would come in within 7 days and they would call to let me know when it came in. Needless to say it's been two weeks now and no one has called me about it. I have now called 4 times and every person I've spoken to tries to shuttle me off the phone immediately without explanation. The last conversation I had was with a woman who worked there who told me ""she was just a worker and couldn't help me with what I wanted"". I bought a lamp from there for a few hundred dollars  I was surprised to hear one of the ladies working there asking another customer to pay upfront before doing the required changes to the lamb they had asked for (as if the customer would leave without getting the lamb he went there for).  I thought this was weird but I ignored it; maybe I should have gotten the single and left the store.  In my case My daughter was upset because she was using her cell phone and was told picture taking wasn't allowed. DUH? Since when does someone admonish you that you are taking pictures all because you have your cell phone in your hand? So consider my advice if you decide to purchase here. Examine everything thoroughly."  called every month and was repeatedly told it would be fixed.  I went to American Express to file a dispute and at least they were able to reverse the four overcharges.  Even after that "If I could leave ADT Security a negative review I would.  This is the worst company as far as billing & customer service are concerned.  I work for a General Contractor on the West Coast and we use ADT for our clients.  Security patrol is standard  then they charge you a ton to actually secure your house.... Only telling you AFTER it was installed (holes in your wall for keypad and drilling in your ceiling for smoke detector). when you try to cancel it takes forever and THEY ARE RUDE!!! My advice ...... DONT USE ADT!!!!!!! Save your money and give it to an honest company not this awful one!!!"  ground up the stump and cleaned up the area!  We are very impressed with the high quality of the work. It was top notch. We will definitely hire this company again and give them best recommendations.  Thank you  but when you have a tree hanging over your new porch that's half dead and have birds sitting on it pooping on you while you're trying to enjoy your deck wine I'll gladly recommend these guys to anybody!" Needless to say I booked my reception there - I can work around the rules."  I would not stay at the Pennsylvanian again." -$$$$ Everything must be brought in from the outside. Tables "We've been living in the apartments for 8 months now and we love it here. It's a really convenient location to all the neighborhoods  freeway access bus stops. The free breakfast (fruit This is not a BAD place to live. However please keep these things in mind when you are influenced by the pretty exterior. Not a lot of money resources have gone into maintaining the insides."  renamed to rid the memories of the days when a slaughter house was on it. It's said George Washington fell off a raft near this island on a cold winter night and was befriended by a Seneca Indian who kept him from freezing to death   They have inside and outside storage for boats   There starting to replaces docks with new ones.  The only thing that I dont like is theres a lot of boat traffic by this marina since its so close and on the way to the point." Hope I see you again shitbird...I'll park and ride my foot in your ass"  trying to concoct a payment plan or get-rich-quick scheme in my head that would allow me to buy them (Sell my plasma? Sell my body? Eat nothing but Saltines for six months?) The prices are steep  but was nicer than your average box store.  The counter girl never looked up once the entire time I was in there--I guess she could sense I was just a browser." "The place is the most gorgeous shopping in the city. I feel like they crawled in my brain. My 7 year old danced around like we were in a fairy forest because she loved it so much! The items here are custom made Stopped in looking to furnish my new apartment. I was the only customer in the place on a weekday afternoon. I was never greeted by sales staff or acknowledged. There was an older woman and a younger woman working. As I was browsing the jewelry the older woman said loud enough so I could hear for the younger sales associate to watch me so I didn't steal anything. And I'm a white young professional so I can only imagine how other people are treated.  at least for Christmas presents. there just seems to be a lot of this kind of thing these days. even though this store has been around for quite a while."  but you can always dream... and buy smaller items to feel fancy!" Beautiful store. It's like a hybrid of the quirky doodads sold at Francesca's with the thoughtful set displays at Anthropologie but with a more authentic feel. I wanted to look around more but I can't shop peacefully when I'm with my husband. I'll definitely go back next time I'm in the strip district.  haven't actually purchased any of their larger pieces because 1. They expensive! And 2. I live in a tiny house and a lot of their furnishings are a little on the large side. It's also an amazing place to just come for ideas "Really wonderful place to get ideas. It has a very 'bazaar' like feel which I enjoy because you can just walk around to soft music and let different things catch your eye. I bought two pendant lamps from here for my dining room and they are stunning. There are a lot of upmarket pieces but also really cute trinkets and other items that are much more affordable. It really just depends on your taste. Visit this place when you have time to peruse I think I just found the store equivalent of a soulmate  he was kinda nasty and condescending.  don't know if he was just having a bad day or this is how he always is Wonderful shop with amazing owners! We needed a picture framed and were referred here by some good friends of ours. Steve and Wendy were the best. So friendly and professional. They have lovely art for sale as well. Check it out and see for yourself. You will be  glad you did!  Steve and Wendy are friendly and knowledgeable.   Love this place."  and we work closely with talented and dedicated people on a daily basis.  JoAnn is as talented and dedicated as anyone!   We can say this without reservation - we never would have been able to buy our dream home if JoAnn was not our real estate agent.  Her commitment to have us buy the home we wanted was just as much as our own commitment.  However "Ruth Weiger and the team at Berkshire Hathaway  in the South Hills are extraordinarily competent.  We just purchased a new home in Mt Lebanon listed by Ruth. From the first viewing until the closing a few weeks later My overall point is just be careful working with them." I could not have been happier with Florine and Frank throughout the whole arduous process of buying my house. I'd pick them again in a heartbeat In fact due to our experiences I'd steer clear of even buying a property they've listed or using them to as sellers agents. One employee actual told my wife and I that she doesn't check her email but every few weeks."  I was able to smoothly close on the house and become a homeowner."  as I have had a great experience working with a buyer's agent and a mortgage broker from the Squirrel Hill office."  it's never NOT smelled like mildew. I'd like to think that a place you go to clean things..should be clean? Guess not. Anyway Best place in the city for drop off laundry I've found so far. Period. "This is a nice laundromat. Nicer than most I've been too. Generally quiet and affordable. There's a lotto ticket machine and vending machines inside. Right next to a Panera bread An additional positive: they did shovel the snow up to our doorstop." NEVER AGAIN WILL I RENT FROM THIS COMPANY."  but some of my envelopes that appeared like they had valuable things inside were sliced open" - I haven't got my deposit back yet and I have moved out for two weeks!" - Chuck the driver for the shuttle is cool."  but the response to repair work is amazing." I don't think this management company is honest or responsible at all!"  the management office at Walnut Capital worked with me very patiently to take care of all follow up business as I relocated twice before all final business was taken care of."  we were charged cleaning fees which we did not expect. On the flip side  unhelpful and unprofessional.  The agents do not listen to budget or move-in dates."  local nonprofits and community groups are often here on weekends fundraisers with car washes and sometimes cookouts. Nice to see local businesses offer opportunities like this and get a car wash that costs more than the plants. : )"  and super reasonable.  When our A C broke they actually tried to help us fix it over the phone.  When they came These guys wanted a PAYMENT upfront of $129 just to come out and tell me what the problem is.....So if I didn't like their quote or wanted to get a second opinion---it would cost me $129.....TERRIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICE There prices are very reasonable and the service is GREAT!"  but the catch is you can't use a teller.  If you use a teller you get charged $8.95 for the month.  I don't like the idea of this account either but it's hard to close all our BOA accounts with a branch so convenient to home.  At least I shouldn't have to worry about interacting with anyone in this branch from now on since I don't believe their services are worth $8.95 per month."  and a little bit of snow causes them to close on a Friday. If they are calling for snow you had better get everything you need from this bank before a flake falls. Dunkin' Donuts was open and all of the stores around this bank were open. This is the first time I've ever known of a bank closing because of the little bit of snow. Especially on a FRIDAY"  I've already recommended one of my friends and saved her the hassle of starting the quote process from scratch. Let me save you the trouble too...call Mark." Highly recommend Budget Blinds in Charlotte Huntersville." I would unhesitatingly recommend Budget Blinds."  we were in a new home and did not have access to internet so I couldn't verify what I received against the email.  Make sure you also get a proper bill receipt with description at the time of the order so you can easily verify upon delivery.  The installer was unable to read the order form which had codes and handwriting all over it." I love working with this family run business. We have used them two times for shutters and drapes. They always answer questions and the installations look great. We will be using them again soon! My sister and I are 2 professional women (Chemist Psychologist) we were surprised to witness this type of treatment from furniture salesmen. But I guess when you walk into this location with the wrong skin color you get no service... 2014MLK Day... Smh" "In the past when my husband and I needed to purchase good quality furniture we always went to Walter E Smith in the Chicago area.  Since living here we made the change to Ethan Allen.  We purchased a full living room from them this past spring and have been very happy with almost everything.  The service was great and the sales person listened to us and put together exactly what we wanted with one exception.  We asked for tables (specifically a coffee table) that could stand up to some abuse because we have a 16 month old at home.  The table he recommended is beautiful but does not at all stand up to what he said it would.  This table is only 3 1 2 months old and already has wood chipping off  even though we said we were ready to buy. Ethan Allen Pineville just didn't care. We called corporate to voice our concern and were told someone would follow up with us; of course that never happened. So the Pineville  store didn't care for our money knowledgeable staff. Very helpful.  was fantastic. She helped us design both our kitchen and fireplace and then our mstr bath renovation. She was very organized and knew all of the products we needed. Everything was scheduled perfectly. Our project manager Great showroom and sales associates!" I have used Tile Collection for many projects.  They are a little more expensive than their competition but worth every penny.  The quality of their work is excellent. Don't skimp!  Get it done right the first time! I am very impressed with Tile Collection. Amazing selection Got home and miraculously changed the battery with ease! Very thankful for this Batteries Plus location making the process simple." I went to this store looking for a hard to find mobile phone battery. They did have the battery and because of the great customer service I also bought a battery for my car! Great service and the sales person installed my car battery on the spot. I'm very impressed with this location and I'll definitely return for my battery needs.  and pro-customer service. I am very impressed. He deserves some serious kudos. Thank you!!!" I don't generally give out one-star reviews.  This is my 500th review and only my 12th one-star review.  I'm not giving details because all of the billing issues aren't resolved "I have lived all over the US and even globally and I can honestly say that in my opinion FairPoint is the WORST telephone company I have ever dealt with. I moved in 11 2009 and they are still holding my credit balance refund hostage. When I called to request information Since their latest foray into union-busting here it has only become worse. We in Vermont very much hope that our public service regulators will go after this mountain of corporate grift will all guns blazing: we've had enough of southern corporate carpetbaggers making promises they are systemically incapable of delivering on." My 97 year old mother who is blind moved from one room to another and the company said it would take a week to change the phone because it was a holiday.  After the week was up they said the work order was extended a month because they had so much new business.   I escalated the issue.   The said they would get back to me within 48 hours.  No response.  Some company!  they will give you a hard time.  Watch out this company." I knocked off a star for pricing - can't someone find a way to bring down the costs of cable TV and internet access??? - and because TW doesn't yet offer home phone service in my area." Time Warner over AT&T any day of the year... If you are lucky enough to avoid using them -I suggest you do so !" "I was a customer for approx 16 yrs.  Only because they were my only option.  Came home one day to find out they had cut off my service because I had a balance of $28.00.  It was gonna be $150 and 2 wks before I could get it turned back on.  Needless  take to look into another internet cable provider.  It is not worth the hassel or the headache." So I haven't had TWC in 3.5 years and have heard nothing from them (I live in area of SC that they don't service).  Today I get a collection notice from them for $48.  Stop spending money to name every arena in the nation and hire some people who know what they're doing.  I ended up telling them I never wanted to hear even their name again.  4wks later and I still had nothing hooked up and they cut the main cable line to my condo property and at&t's line when trying to bury some new lines for me.  They have no idea what they are doing and you get a different story each time you call them.  They better never even step foot near my door again.  Horrible !!!!" "AT&T phone bills became horribly expensive: the old tv broke and we got a new one with HD: plus I had wireless installed for my laptop. All of these factors convinced me to ""bundle and save"" with Time Warner Cable. So far the service people have been pleasant and we're saving a lot on bills. However Need to get the twc hotspot adapter..........  and they don't call every month to see if I want to add services." Buyer's remorse? You bet."  but as of now I'll just sulk over my newly negotiated monthly rate." vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og  since we had a 3+ hour Internet outage this morning) to see about getting my bill lowered.  Surprisingly  I'm going to tweet to their Twitter handle first before waiting on the phone for an obscene amount of time. Yay technology."  I had been dealing with a remote that started losing function after function and could no longer deal with it.  I went to the TW office on Morehead and after waiting behind people who seriously had no clue why they were even there  I somehow agreed to keep the service for 6 months at a significantly reduced rate.  I then recieved  the bill the next month and the price had no change.  I called and they wrote in there notes some  othert agreement.  I asked to speak to manager and they denied me.  I told them I want my service canceled now and that I was not going to pay the bill.  They said no.  I asked for the manager he said no.  He then said if I ask for manager he will need to hang up.  He hung up.  His name is Jesus and will not give any other identification to me.  He is in the retention department.  If you are the manager of this employee  but I hope I never have problems with my service that involve a visit back to the office. Talk about unpleasant."  and then when called to set up appointment to install service I asked what I would be charged and was told $34.95. I then called customer service to discuss what I would be paying and was told the $34.95. I explained that I had been quoted less vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og "I feel like nothing beats Road Runner for speed so I guess that is the only reason I stay with them. Other than that  but that is not an option.  The only way to cancel is to call their number wait forever and pray you dont get cut off.  If you are looking to subscribe look at other alternatives first.  I read somewhere that Charlotte has the highest Time Warner rates in the country.  Avoid this company if you can.  Once they have you they make it hard to escape."  and perhaps that is why they really don't care about losing customers."  I'm an accountant and even I can't figure out their billing system. It should be illegal the way they bill people. It doesn't help that they have a monopoly on almost all downtown apartments in the Charlotte area. I have bugged AT&T U-verse about offering in my area  the techs have been terribly pleasant (with one exception that I got my pepper spray out for just in case - he was an odd bird) TWC is the worst cable company I've ever dealt with. Each time I've called for Tech Support I was on hold for at least an hour. Their only response is to unplug the box.  I'm on my 2nd DVR box in 2 months & channels go out randomly.  If you can get cable somewhere else do it! (DIRECTV before & after TWC is a god send)." I have tried repeatedly to get this company to refund an incorrect amount charged to my mother who died.  There is no email and I have spent hours on the phone.  USE any other service if you can.  this is a failure to draw funds because their billing department is complete and utter garbage.  Their services are sub par and they over charge for this shit service because as previously stated they run the only line available for entire neighborhoods and small towns through out the Charlotte area." "I do not like this company! For years I have been forced to work with them for Internet and cable and have been consistently dissatisfied with the customer service. Inconsistent billing  and there are next to none free movies on demand.  TWC is horrible in comparison to Comcast.  And the cherry on top is that there is no more CBS or Showtime???  Are you kidding me Time Warner?  CBS?? It's one of the main networks!!  To deny your viewers access to a main network is insane.  You should be ashamed of yourselves and need to stop blaming CBS for your total incompetence. For both CBS and Showtime  what is the point of having cable? Seriously folks. They are getting out of hand and this takes the cake. I pay i have say and i say screw them! If everyone cancelled maybe they would rethink their decision. I have nothing else to watch"  I have only worked with them online and over the phone.  I also wish that I could provide them with ZERO STARS.  This company is the worst to deal with.  It started off with my order being processed twice due to an issue with their website.  So I chatted with an analyst to have it resolved.  She then had to call me because she said my credit card was being rejected.  After about 45 minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly.  Then the day they should have been coming out to install I found out that they changed my street address in their computer when moving from the ordering system to the installation ordering system.  Therefore they installer never made it to my apartment.  When I noticed the change on the emails I received I called immediately (about 15 minutes after my scheduled install window).  The woman on the phone told me that she corrected it and contacted the driver who confirmed the new address and would still be coming.  After waiting another 2 hours with no contact I called back and the new person told me that it isn't possible to just update an address and that she had to put in a whole new order.  Oh and my specific apartment unit was not in there system so they would have to send someone out to survey before the installation so I couldn't set up another installation for almost 2 weeks.  (Mind you they had every other apartment in my building and when I originally placed the order they had no problem finding my address and signing me up)  The analyst also submitted an escalation about my issue so I could speak with a supervisor (after waiting for one for about a half an hour on the phone) within 24 hours.  Waited the whole day and no call back.  So I chatted online again and was told the escalation process takes 2-3 days not 24 hours.  I then said I just wanted to cancel any pending orders that I had in the system Moral of the story: If you want to do ""business"" with TWC I wish Yelp had zero stars because this is what TWC deserves. The monopoly they run has run its course. I have used their services for many years until recently when I finally tossed in the towel. Horrible service! I was considered a premium customer (can't remember what TWC calls it) yet still always received the worst service. Every time I had to call for some problem (very often) I would be placed into their web of transfers while having to explain my issue to the next service rep each and every time. Not fun. It's a circus at TWC. I vote Time Warner Cable the worst company of all times. I spent 30 minutes on hold tonight trying to find out why my bill has gone from 29.99 to 55.00 per month and I can not see any change in the quality of service. Their website will only allow me to increase my cost but offers no suggestions as to how I might save money. I guess no one has ever told their management that it is cheaper to keep a customer than to try and get them back. Don't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies. I love American Express they are the best company in America. Uverse is the second worst company in America in my humble opinion. Tmobile is 3rd worst company and Direct TV is the 4th worst. After that I would say Sprint is the 5th worst. By the way I have Dish for my TV and have been pleased for the most part with their service.  If you have other ideas please add. "Went in to exchange my cable box. Got in and out in under ten minute even though there was a bit of a line The only reason I have to give them two stars is because I was stuck for years with Comcast and that was MUCH worse."  and certainly not worth the pain you will experience if you ever need to contact them for anything. Worst customer service of any business I've ever dealt with."  lost Internet three times because TWC turned it off; and still got overcharged by $40. They say they have it fixed now. I am not holding my breath here."   so your only option is to take time out of your work day. AT&T is much better. Avoid TWC like the plague. They'll never stop nickel and diming you."  wireless isn't available unless you pay an extra $11 monthly fee for the router. The technician (a very nice guy) advised me to purchase my own router  while I normally gave 4-5 stars regardless of service quality. The worst service came from TWC. Took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done. All they did is to transfer the phone call to another representative after telling me ""I can't do this Step it up Time Warner!!!" The best DVR they can offer customers is a model that can only record 2 shows at a time compared to other companies that now have models that can record up to 5 shows at a time. The only reason I am with them is because they are the only provider for my home at the moment and satellite is not an option."   I had no information guide and could not control the volume. After being on the phone with them for SEVERAL hours vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og "I love how they just sent me a letter to inform me about their price increase while saying I am still enjoying their special promotion.....I have been a customer for the past 7 years  but we're adding it back for football season. I am spending my day off waiting in this absurd line for a cable box so that my husband can watch the Panthers. If only we could get ESPN on our Apple TV... I can't wait until we can just stream everything" An absolute horrible company and it upsets me every month that I pay them for ""service"" because there is not another cable provider in my area."  but what did not know until I talked to a customer service representative that it cost 10 dollars a month to use it. I did not have internet for about a month. I call tech support and I was told that the router could be bridged and I could use my own router. So one month 3 tech support calls later I got this information.  Wow!!! Why!"  but I actually enjoyed my visit.  The man I talked to (I believe his name was Tony) was extremely helpful.  He assisted me with everything I needed and more.  I was pleasantly surprised by this visit Time Warner Cable is the worst!  Never in my life have a dealt with such an incompetent and frustrating service provider. Stay away from them like the plague if possible.  When Google Fiber comes to Charlotte I will be switching my service to them. TWC has the worst reliability of any company I have ever seen. The first winter storm and the cable and Internet is out. Let me add that this is a mere few hours before the storm hits our area. No way to find out what is going on. Stay away from Time Warner. They are never there when you need them.  then they transfer you around from department to department despite the fact that they are told up front what assistance you need. I am SO glad that I am moving out of state and will not have to deal with them again EVER! TWC is ridiculously expensive for what services you do get  I would.  absolute thieves and liars."  etc.  I will be changing cable companies after this last round. Uggh: " What a contrast to the arena which earns the city bragging rights.  Hate that I'm returning to them for my cable after years of great service with Direct TV.  Double ouch." "A sea of humanity waiting to be helped and only two employees. I wouldn't have to be here but they only ship digital adapters They're not all bad! :)" Poor customer service." This is the worst branch in the history of branches!!!! Service is so slow...long lines and a bunch of customers who can't believe they actually use Time Warner Cable!!!  with this company!! Always double check your bills. Not to mention the constant slow internet. Should you have a problem  we were promised unicorn farts and rainbow sprinkles. What we got was extremely limited channels and Internet that is by no means top speed.  Plus the ""guaranteed price"" is code for contract. You'll never get out unless you die." Terrible customer service. We have been waiting for days in a row for s technician that they promise is coming every day. Can't wait to cancel service.  Jordan promises the issue will be resolved which has not happened. I agree with CNN that TWC customer service has fallen tremendously. Do not give people your money who does not have time for you and promotes people with bad manners to superisors (who by the way "Just know that they have horrible customer service and technicians. It's unfortunate that they have a monopoly  in the city. No one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved.  If you can help it Back on the phone with these dipshidiots for more empty promises. Seriously TWC SUCKS." "Came to this location after work on a weekday to switch out a bad router. Was in and out in less than 5 minutes  desperate grab for market share--in light of Google bringing fiber into town soon. I have zero loyalty to TWC and will bail (even if I have to pay more for Google) at the first opportunity I have.  Good riddance  please be Warned. Save your time. Save your sanity. JUST DON'T DO IT!!!!!!!"  I get a bill in the mail.  A bill for $250! Insane.  Apparently the promotion I signed up for was not what was entered.  So now I spend an hour on the phone negotiating my bill.  They aren't able to get the exact promotion I signed up for #thisisacrime #Googlehelpme #Iwanttopunchsomething" "Ironically they have a commercial out right now that claims you no longer have to sit around all day waiting for a technician to come. I had an appointment setup and sat around waiting for the technician to not call or show up. Another appointment was setup My internet went out for 8 hours yesterday for Sunday football. Today it's been freezing all day after I got a call saying it had been resolved. Worst company ever. Can't wait till Google comes to save us. vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og  now its in collections- I will be disputing it. They seem very disorganized and its a shame- my internet was fast and enjoyable...Just be careful If you are moving  Time Warner is going to sink like a led weight in a still pond. They are out dated and their customer ""service"" is non existent. They don't care about anyone."  in addition they have added and increased their fees. They are advertising about their new great efforts to improve their customer service and product however nothing has really changed. If they truly cared about their customers they would have offered good affordable service quality from the beginning; not only because their is some competition coming to the area soon." 3 words. Time Warner Cable. The worst everything. You name it. Worst ever at everything they do.  they have horrible customer service and the equipment comes and goes. Example: A no-show TWC Tech on a Tuesday morning at 8am and they won't reschedule until Sunday afternoon with no comp to service or fees waived. If they weren't the monopoly of Charlotte  you can be assured that I will be back here!"  they had the key here. I had a new key and exchanged cash in about 5 minutes. If you have a hard to find key to duplicate - this is your spot!  Plus... one you're done you can stroll through the rest of Park Road Shopping Center if you so desire (cupcakes This guy is great!  Not the typical Automation machine this is the old school way and this way is more accurate for cutting keys!  This is where I have gone for years to get One copy or Eight!  Right as you walk out of Black Hawk (see my photos and if you don't know when you get there you will! Excellent service and quality."  cheap. WIsh there was larger selection of ""specialty"" keys but I'm not picky. Highly recommend. Keys work over time."  but I was there to have a key copied and that's what was done in just a few moments! I'm happy!" What happened to the happy hippy dude that used to work there? These grumpy old dudes got to go. I'll go to Lowes from now on."  it's now located next to blackhawk as a key window  they told me they could alter 2 pair of pants that I brought. I also had a vest that they said they would not alter. They told me they ""didn't have time for that.""" "Don't allow the first review to stray you away from this wonderful business. I have utilized this services on 10+ occasions and my expectations have been more the exceeded each time. The staff here are incredibly kind and make you want to come back. I have only used this service for shoe repair cleaning "This place is the best tailor and shoe repair in Charlotte.   When I purchase a suit I always have it finished here No stars off for that. Take your items here." "Fantastic service and quality!  I called on Wednesday PM and they had my quote emailed to me in minutes; not the cheapest but Competitive... AND they had the 20' size no one else did!  Ordered it Thursday Need some advice or Q&A for a project - go to Queen City Lumber.  I quote Web Hatley in reference to a recent shop fabrication order ""These came out about $200 less than originally quoted.""  These guys gave us money back!"  very nice and clean! The work took about an hour and I am VERY pleased with the results! Even though one of my outlets did not work the next day  prompt to call you back and come out to do the work.  Highly recommended!" Thanks for the wonderful service  if you're a member. Definitely use it. They're not exactly cheap ($99 for half hour)  but boy are they expensive.  $200 hr+ can add up really quickly." I highly recommend Roby and will definitely reach out to them when I get the upstairs fixtures in my house."  Mingle offers a wide range of classes and convenience & flexible hours. Instructors are great and make the class fun (or as fun as can be). The Realtor Store is on site Just finished the course...failed it...and probably 80 percent of the class some were in it for the second time...you sign papers that entitle them not to pass you unless you get an 80 on the final...most folks failed...classes very fast paced...would not recommend.  and continuing education classes with Sandy Williams. She is a great and knowledgeable instructor!!! Make sure you read the book word for word and listen to her. She has an awesome powerpoint presentation."  reviews which should really be called the truth serum reviews. I'll leave my personal experience out of this one.. . I will say....don't sign the contract!" Mingle is the worst!!! over 80% of the class failed the final.  Do not waste your money.  They dont go over the math which is a big part of the test.  The instructor just reads the book and highlights.  Then you have to pay to retake the course.  The class is less than two months long and you really do need the three months that other schools offer (CPCC) and it is only $180. (half the price of Mingle)....  ""Broker Relationships & Responsibilities"" with a 92! Instructors Jon Hines and Dana Rhodes are excellent teachers making the course both interactive and informative with real work experience. Both have a wealth of knowledge in the business and entertaining humor that make the course material enjoyable! After taking Pre-licensing at CPCC and not making the cut My rating for this company is...don't choose them My rating for this company is...don't choose them My rating for this company is...don't choose them   few days later they were asking for 1092 for 1 window that was tested for lead out of 28 Windows they only tested one! They charged me 39 a window but only tested one I can't believe they changed there tune payed in full! I would never recommend them they should be ashamed of themselves ! They even called an attorney and didn't even give me a field report to tell me that each window was tested they assumed that if one window had lead that all 27 had it to and charged us for it! Never again!" My rating for this company is...don't choose them My rating for this company is...don't choose them  give Carla a call. She has been in Charlotte for years and years and knows a lot about the area and trends. In addition  but frustrated and angry. I jumped at the property as soon as possible. This is not the way to treat potential customers and just people in general. Rude and unprofessional!! I now know not to even bother with this company if I'm truly interested in a property." Not pleased at all with their professionalism. There are many other companies in town--next time I'll stay clear of Allen Tate.  it's nice to know that folks inside this bank are getting the job done." "Is it me or does the customer service suck?  I've worked as a bank teller before and we always did what we could to expediate the lines and cater to the customers.  This place seems like the opposite.  I've waited on line for 15 minutes when there were three people in front of me.  I'm sorry A walk up ATM is located at the front for 24hr access as well as a drive thru ATM.  I've never seen anyone use the teller windows (drive through)  walk up atm and a full banking center inside. I did my address update in person here and they were very efficient and professional." No way will they get away with this. Do not rent from these Losers! How do they sleep at night" "I went to visit this place to see if it should be considered as a prospective place to rent. Bad decision. As soon as I was taking the tour of the property a huge huge waterbug was spotted in the model. I could only imagine what the other apartments looked like that were being lived in if a huge waterbug was seen in the model. Omg! I'm terrified of those things. So the lady showing me the model picks it up with a prop inside of the model FIRST OF ALL..... these apartments are NOT IN BALLANTYNE!!!!  This place has changed dramatically since I first moved in. It used to be quiet and peaceful. The genius who decided to design some of the apartments to where their bedroom is literally in the hallway of the building....Smh. I can hear EVERY...SINGLE...CONVERSATION that goes on in the hallway. You complain about noisy neighbors...they won't do anything about them. I have called the police multiple times on neighbors fighting I NOW HAVE ROACHES AND MY APARTMENT HAS ALREADY BEEN SPRAYED ONCE. I'M BEYOND DISGUSTED." It appears that cortland is reinvesting in this property in landscaping. My previous review was premature.  Tom "This place was awful since MOVING DAY. We go into sign the lease and they give us news that our three bedroom renovated apartment isn't ready . Of course. So they move us into a two bedroom for a week. Once we finally move into the apartment we were supposed to have the toilets didn't flush Nice place to live and good friendly moving staff. quick closing service request. Need a little more of customer service..But otherwise everything is super good :) will reccomend with no problem!!! :) Ask for Florie she's the best..  Thank you!! "Affordable and newly renovated. We really liked our Leasing Consultant Mike Reed he is very kind "They did a good job yet feel they were in cohoots with covering for the dishonest main contractor (who went from great to horrible in one day) and have to wonder why they have to refer so many folks to the chimney experts; are they sharing referral fees or something?  I would not recommend them I recommend that you use ANY other company for roofing than this one. Again  so you'll need to find another provider for that service."  and friendly.  Have used them many times for HVAC and electrical needs and they consistently deliver in BOTH areas.  They also provide mold remediation and will be using them for that need soon.  HIGHLY recommend!" Always professional.  Consistently great service!  courteous and knowledgeable.  He performed the routine service I requested and suggested the replacement of a drain sensor to a more reliable type of sensor.   Based on his explanation  but hopefully now all you reading this will know to stay far far away from this company!! Think I'm kidding look at the pictures...." HORRIBLE....Better Business Burea next step."  but luckily I had a friend to stay with. I told the local Graebel office I wanted a partial refund of the move price and was given the run around. I have filed a complaint with the Charlotte Better Business Bureau. Wish I would have checked Yelp first and wish I would have used the other company I got an estimate from." The managers that called to schedule the deliveries or confirm a return were so courteous! They didn't waste any time getting me my items. t could not have asked for a more smooth process and enjoyable online purchase!" Lowe's is the closest home improvement store to our house. Even so we had to drive out to Walmart on S. Tryon to look for a special mouse trap that my wife insisted that they carried. Of course they didn't have. I suggested that we try Lowe's. We went to the one near the house where they had a lot of the sticky traps she wanted. Lowe's is the best place that I've found for just about anything having to do with the house at a good price. I thought this was a great gesture that he would go so far out of his way to help me. The wood was cheap too - $5 a bundle. I think this is where we will be buying our fire wood from now on."  this is a pretty standard layout for a big box home improvement store and they have pretty much anything you could possibly need  blood pressure rising..." Very poor service. Waited 10 mins at the paint counter with no acknowledgement of my presence. John at the paint counter could use some customer service training. Typical store. With your typical items. If you know what you want and you don't need help. Then this is for you. If you need help and you don't want to wait around an hour for someone who doesn't know whom calls someone else. I'd say go to home Depot I will give Home Depot my business from now on." Store is clean and the staff is always friendly and helpful. You can always see a worker walking by to ask for help if needed. My husband and I are currently having our kitchen remodeled. The cabinets keep coming in Damaged from their vendor Shuler..5 times already to be exact! Our hood for the stove came in damaged! The store itself can't seem to get out phone number right therefore we miss delivered times already to be exact! NO ONE CALLS YOU BACK except for the assistant manager Steven how has by the way been a GREAT help to us! As far as all the other employees that should be helping with the project and following up don't seem to care! I will not have my carpet replaced through lowes Slowest customer service in charlotte  I am not hard to please.  I had to visit VZW because the sound was too low during phone calls.  VZW could not repair it and sent me to the Apple Store.  Apple could not repair it so they replaced my device.  Four hours later Once I made my decision he helped me get everything set-up and even charged the phone for me a bit since I told him I'd be travelling.  All in all it was a great experience and I would have no issue returning here for future purchases or help."  and then the last day its about getting you in and getting you out as quick as possible." I'm still waiting for the iPhone 5 to come out (probably tomorrow) but so far I am very happy I made the ""switch.""" HKDekQegywCXBAm8PFw1MQ Took 40mins (and i was next in line) for me to exchange my 2 chargers that I had 2 replace 4months ago.the guy that helped me was to busy checking out women to wait on me What turned out to be just a trip to the store to buy a phone quickly turned into an opportunity to grow my business." "Some of the worst customer service we've ever encountered. We've been ""next"" on the list for 45m. Understandable that it's a friday night "i went to day and bought the Otterbox defender for my new iphone 6. Briana helped me and she was super nice This is my fourth time coming back due to inventory and no fault of the stores. I'm continued to be so disappointed by the ""hostess"". They really act like you're an inconvenience. Will probably be my last trip and just drive an hour and a half to go to my home store. Really disappointed. This is not the experience I'm accustomed to receiving from verizon."  however that is acceptable at a busy time. My representitive Tim was the most useless salesman I've ever met. Didn't ask me about what I was interested in and pretty much just kept telling me to call customer service. I was about to renew my contract and buy a brand new phone but I can tell you now I'm going to AT&T tomorrow. Terrible service Why in the world do all of your stores in Yelp say you are open until 8pm on Sunday? Can't you pay someone to Update that crap? I'm cancelling my service and going with someone else.  It's not worth it." Poor results and questionable billing.  There were steps in the process that were poorly done and there was indication of when service would take place.  Requested a meeting and no one showed up.  because he said that my wife agreed to do so on his recommendation to allow the Bermuda grass on the side yard to overtake it.  How many years would that have taken??  She never agreed to any such suggestion.  We paid to have sod installed in the back yard to repair their mistake.  A year later we still had a bare backyard and weeds and crabgrass in the established areas that they were supposed to be servicing.  On the last lawn visit that I happed to be there for This is truly the best A V company in the country. Their prices can't be beat by and far. Their sales reps are great and treat their customers great. I can't stop recommending this place to everyone that comes in to my office. If you need anything from a microphone to a full sound system give these guys a call. Tried to purchase some DJ equipment from this company. My order was denied because my billing address for my credit card was different from my shipping address. Really?! I run several companies and have never run into to this. One of my companies the billing address is our PO Box and the mailing address is the store front or what if I wanted to send a gift to someone? I obviously can't do it through Full Compass.  Also why do you offer the option of a alternate billing or mailing address? Doesn't make sense especially in this economy. I'll be sure to send along my $600+ receipt from the company that's okay with a different mailing address. Save youraelf the frustration and time!"  and cultivate a good relationship.  As with most businesses "Done a service repair for a broken Sub.. FAST TURNAROUND! Crazy! I called them 3 days Easy pick up during regular business hours. I was showed how to use the equipment and it was loaded into my car. Equipment was easy to set up during our event and the sound quality was great! Quick and simple return. Will definitely use them again!" "I always buy my Reel to reel tapes from these guys. They have the best prices for them + they always take care of my orders in a timely manner. I would not go anywhere else but here. Recently I bought a yamaha hifi CD player from them. Very competetive prices. Also wanted to buy a Turntable  but expensive) and it was shipped in an envelope. Envelope delivered and put on ground. Product was impacted and broken before it was even out of the package. Delicate product was not shipped with appropriate packaging. Consequently I could have used a different vendor and be sculpting sounds instead of writing this negative review. But I chose Full Compass...for the last time. Good luck with your business. I'm shopping B&H or Sweetwater from now on."  because of this I followed up with a phone call as soon as they opened that morning to make sure they could be here in time. I was assured that they were in stock and would be here the next day. After all day I never received a shipping confirmation so I called again. I was told they would be sent out on the 5pm shipment and again assured they would be here today. I even have a voicemail from a guy named Josh saying that it was being packed up right then to ship. This morning I had still not received a confirmation of shipping so I called again. I was told by a guy named Reid that he needed to check with the warehouse and would call me back. That never happened. I call again  patient and very knowledgeable about products and services! Would definitely recommend!"  and use a trustworthy company that'll take care of the little customers they have.  Can't believe this is a real company."  20 days after placing the order and they still tell me they have not shipped it out. on their website it said it would take 7-14 for me to receive this item. if you dont have this item dont falsely advertise that nonsense. i dont know how they are in store but as for online  and he made sure they had everything needed for the job including a few specialized pieces of duct work. That meant that they finished the job quickly and in only one trip. I could not be more pleased with our updates by Parks Electrical Service!" "I had a few minor things like three outlets to replace and two light switches where the on and off were getting stuck. We bought the replacements so when I called I told the owner it was a few minor things. I thought one guy would come.  He sent out two guys which i thought was overkill but did not know at the time that I was being charged a trip fee for each guy.  Needless to say one guy was outside and one inside. I watched the inside guy and it took him an hour to do two replacement of switches that were three ways.  My husband in the past who is not handy has replaced one in our bathroom in under 30 minutes. So I was charged  a $40 trip fee per guy so $80 plus 80 an hour per guy  however no one wanted to help me.  There were several employee wandering about.  I tried for about 10 minutes to get someone to help me - no luck.   I absolutely refuse to beg retailers to let me spend money at their establishments.  I left and went to Ace Hardware on University Avenue."  crappy selection.  Fail." I highly recommend working with them."  $500 deposit back.  It is now too late for trees to be planted and established by winter.  I am waiting to hear back from them.  I will give an update later on as to whether I get my deposit back!  I have had trouble in the past with them not showing up for a job..no call ..nothing.  I should have learned my lesson then!"  and Bruce gave me a hard time about refunding me.  Last straw:  the $50 rubber plant I purchased in August came home with some time of mite infestation I am new to the Madison area and a avid gardener some friends told me to check out this store for seeds. I found there selection very good they carry the whole selection from seed savers and a good amount from baker creek as well as a number of others. the customer service was wonderful a clerk named Alyssa helped me with my selections of seeds and an orchid. I did look around it looked like they were doing some remodeling. prices were average for a garden center except for the furniture which looked of high quality but not cheap. the check out was fast and the clerk wrapped up my orchid so it would not be affected by the cold not something you would get at home depot when I bought one there.I will go back when its warmer to check out their plants since I want to start landscaping my new lawn. "I drive to the Bruce Company from Sheboygan every year to buy seeds for my vegetable garden. They have a great selection and lots of them are organic varieties. It seems as though lots of the staff are gardeners  and they even offer a return policy!  Go to Middleton and buy local!!!!!"  only two of whom were legitimately occupied with customers (although the one was bustling about in the plant section pulling something together for a customer and passed me multiple times without even a ""hi""). I immediately downgrade any business whose employees don't acknowledge customers."  to be exact) here over two years ago. We were fairly picky about the size   shape we wanted and staff accommodated us by ordering more of the particular kind we liked. We then got to pick out the ones we wanted from the shipment that arrived (that was more than we needed). I was worried that they would suffer after two harsh winters but even the bushes that were the hardest hit bounced back in the spring & still look great!" And that was my first and last experience shopping at The Bruce Co."  as they go above and beyond to help their customers in any way. Sad that Bruce's will happily lose a customer over one shrub."  and with service with a smile. It made my day - thanks they explain your options and quality levels there fully charged and have always been in stock "Don't say you are returning a gift. They somehow impose some goofy rules regarding how you can go about it and if your gift giver paid with a check.... Forget it. Keep it up Pier 1 "Happiness: finding a P1 gift card I thought I had lost. I could easily have a large portion of my paycheck directly deposited here. Sometimes I just walk around the store "Don't count on the people in this store to give you complete information. If they'd listened to me and addressed my needs Very unhelpful. The staff did not even attempt to address my needs.  I would have not learned about any of these things. I was less than impressed with the customer service I received. It was so poor that I almost just walked out of the store without buying anything. She was lucky I already knew what I wanted." "I was very disappointed at the service I got here.  My iphone is 1 1/2 years old and was turning off on me constantly.  I didn't drop it and never had problems before.  I went to the store for help and they checked the battery and then told me there is nothing they can do unless I purchase a warranty on the phone.  I went home and deleted old photos and videos and updated the software and it no longer shuts off.  I just think it's ridiculous they told me there was nothing they could do unless I bought a warranty  and attentive!! Alex is the manager we worked with and he is also extremely knowledgeable (and a good salesperson too). We had a defective antennae on our long-awaited iPhone 6; it couldn't be authorized or connect to cellular service. Both Verizon and Apple tried hard to troubleshoot over the phone for HOURS The worst cell phone experience of my life. The staff was rude and directed my to call the hotline and quit wasting their time. I would recommend going somewhere else unless you like being insulted and taken advantage of. qt3WwxMYShshHX7UsyTK-g "Sales staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Toni helped me and she broke out pricing differences and helped me to make a decision that worked within my budget for switching phones. I was on a very old plan and she showed me how to get more data on a different plan.when I asked her to explain all elements of the pricing If you don't mind a long wait "This has been one of the worst customer service experiences I have had with a company. We ordered two blinds and they both were supposed to be bottom-up/ top-down blinds. Both were incorrectly ordered. When we notified the designer she was unresponsive and the store employees were similarly unhelpful. I conservatively left at least 10 messages with poor to little response each time being redirected to the designer who was unresponsive and getting no help from the store. In the end I decided it was not worth it and just kept the incorrectly ordered blind (one was replaced probably because it was a standard size) which I believe was their strategy all along (to avoid having to pay for a new custom-sized blind). They did not even honor their return policy on one of the blinds despite the fact that we followed their archaic fax form procedure. To be fair the blinds seem to be of decent quality and are doing their job. However  so I had to pick out new hardware. When the installer came they didn't give the poor guy all the parts. Had to wait another week or so and he came back to finish. Took 3 months from start to final install. Communication was poor. Never had any kind of follow up call to see whether we were happy. Won't recommend and won't use them again. I would try to find a local non-francise business."  just gave it the complete tune up and called to say they were finished with it just two days later.  I brought it home and it's working as well as when it was new.  I was afraid I would have to pick up an expensive vacuum in order to pick up dog hair in our house  even though it wasn't necessarily the most expensive one. We got a Miele and it's absolutely blown us away; there is a factory warranty on the motor "Tommy Tucker sells the highest quality vacuum cleaners....and they are ALL ABOUT service as well!  They recently helped me unclog a vacuum hose and didn't charge me for their trouble.  (And it was not the vacuum I had purchased there several years ago).  They are always friendly "I lived here for three years and in Barnard for my fourth (class of '02). It's a great place--centrally located  the staff at the front desk was very nice.  There is a dining hall but it's cafeteria food - I only ate there for breakfast since it was included  I totally love that they have the same song playing that they have had since the dawn of time playing on the loudspeakers." "Don't shop here.  The owner John Menard is PURE EVIL...  Menards is a terrible place to work  and I'm happy that they were willing to make a small exception to their rules If I have to ever return here it will be only for the lumber and building materials selection which is far superior to The HD or Lows."  but the lack of wasp spray had me downgrade a smidge. We stopped in here looking for 2 things: some wood stain touch-up stuff and wasp spray. They had numerous options for the first  but when all you need is bags on concrete it's annoying to have to make that trek. The new checkout lines are set up in a really dumb way. It forces the checkout person to have their back to you for most of the time that they are checking you out and you have to bag things yourself now. Inside the store I've had to hunt around when I did need help with something  but what I got instead was a poorly organized store.  Had to hunt down a putty knife.  Spackle and wood putty are on a different side of the store from putty knives and sandpaper.  They carry a random assortment of food items "Was hoping to get the right parts for our leaky shower handle.  Its a sad day when YouTube is more helpful then these employees.  As my wife points out  money saved is time spent."  I accidentally dropped a bottle of rust remover gel in this store and it spilled everywhere. I did the right thing and went to the service counter to let them know. The guy behind the counter said nothing and called someone to the front to clean it up. It was an awkward exchange given he didn't say anything. Usually a costumer service person would say ""don't worry about it"" or ""no problem"" after you apologize for making a mess but whatever  albeit shoddily since the ends were all chewed to bits. Glad I grabbed a big old stack of sandpaper "Wow. Literally worse customer service in the department store industry...what a JOKE the staff (older man and ""manager"") at customer service acted as if I were interrupted the pope for god sakes (no pun intended...okay maybe a little) I didn't realize pay customers I just wish you could enter and exit through both sides of the store like at the Depot." Worst customer service ever! 45 minutes before closing. Employees avoid you  instead of helping you find what you are looking for. Then when you ask for your paint to be shaken. They tell you in a stern voice NO WE ARE CLOSING AND DON'T HAVE TIME. $350 purchase and they make you bag it at the regester. time to switch to Home Depot. We're very pleased with the outcome.  Give this small shop a chance "I did give this small shop a chance. Never again. Should have know when they installed the wrong carpet in my basement and wanted me to pay for the labor to replace. The last was that I had to file a claim with Shaw for my wood floors and CTW  walked away from the claim.  Monte had asked if I would not mind waiting until the end of the summer early fall and I agreed and in September I get a call from Shaw that stated CTW would not honor the claim.   Shaw sent me accross the street to W. and what a wonderful experience I had.  Within six week I had selected a new floor Moved this review from the othe CTW Business. ." Walt and Roz Timm/Oregon" Had one issue that took three tries to fix although it was at their expense.  Yeah.  We loved that." Pretty disgusted with the service and the way I was treated.  Look somewhere else for your water softener needs." "I was contacting by Management at Culligan Total Water and they quickly resolved my issue.  I would still strongly discourage working with the salesman  they are way  overpriced. The prices they charge for replacement filters for the osmosis system are outrageous. The replacement cost for a new osmosis system was hundreds of dollars more than top of the line systems from other companies. Shop around  collections and upper management have all been fantastic.  We aspire to provide this level of customer service for our clients."  had a leak and was to be charged for a service call to tell me if under warranty or not. Contacted Culligan customer Service and Total Water did fix under warranty" Stopped in this afternoon to buy a refill for the five gallon jug I purchased from them. Customer service was Pitiful. Plan to return to doing business with Fox Water on Sherman Ave. even thou it is a little less convenient location wise.  and they arrived in Boston when they said they would. Only a few things were damaged but they had been packed poorly by us. Customer service was awesome as well. This service costs more than if you drove a truck yourself but less than hiring movers "Couldn't have gone smoother! We are so grateful for the U-Pack team in Madison! The driver was very friendly and easy to work with. They did an excellent job parking and all of our things arrived in one piece.  Loved that the unit included tools to get the job done  it's the same). I was given a quote on a service  (to fix our clogged basement sink) but then given an honest opinion that a Roto Rooter service would be better equipped and more cost-effective. I was very impressed with how nice the plumber was  and then the quote was for $1150 and was told to replace my entire AC system instead of fixing it.  Got a second opinion from another place and they said it was just a $400 fix including a recharge.  All Comfort Services quoted me $500 in refrigerant alone."  the technician was very helpful and explained the issue. He checked out the entire system and gave advise as to how to address the issue in the future.  Explained that an expensive part could be replaced but it seemed to be working after he made some adjustments and stated we might get several more years out of it.  We were pleased with him and the documentation he provided in case we have further problems." Jay was very professional and knowledgeable about which products would give us the most ""bang for the buck"" considering our house size and heating/AC needs. Feel very good about the decision to go with All Comfort Services." Conclusion: I've decided to recharge the freon in my system through another HVAC company and they will come out in 2 months (free of charge) to test my pressure again. My honest opinion is that All Comfort Services uses their technicians to generate leads to replace full HVAC systems. In the future I will not be using All Comfort Services and taking my business somewhere else."  informative and helpful. They all covered their shoes and Brandon laid down tarps when he came to install the new furnace. They also gave me some energy saving rebates. I am very pleased with the customer service and the furnace." "Quoted me over $1000 to replace an ignition switch that cost $300 from another vendor. Quoted me $500-1000 more to replace my furnace as well. Basically Thank you Karl!  I'm lucky to have the same person servicing my furnice for about 8 years now!" Both Tom C. And Rob R. we're very prompt and friendly. Would recommend services to others.  and efficient. All Comfort Services was able to get him out fast as well. I would recommend."  manually pressed the contactor and said the unit was fine and it wasn't getting 24 volts. He then looked at the circuit board inside and said it wasn't wired right and voltage wasn't getting out to the outside unit. Huh? it was working just fine for 13 years? Anyway he rewired it and luckily it fired up. And didn't again after he left. He was in a hurry to get out too. As it turned out the problem was a time delay circuit they used to put in outside units when thermostats didn't perform the equipment wait function. It was faulty. Another company came out and fixed in 10 seconds as it was the first thing they checked! It cost me 1/4 of what I paid All Comfort for nothing! Their technician didn't know a condensing unit from a toaster!"  what happened afterwards was amazing. The company reached out to me and has promised to return my payment in full because they felt poorly for what had happened. Now that is what I call really stepping up and taking ownership of a problem. While a mistake was originally made All Comfort Services totally ""made it right"" which in and of itself calls for 5 stars! My faith has been restored in this company and I would recommend All Comfort Services in the future as an honest and reliable company committed to doing things right. Well done!" We've always been able to find a coupon to apply to these furnace check-ups."  just before the cold snap hit. They arrived as planned and finished on schedule. They walked through the repairs with me and explained what work was done. Good people to work with." Billy T recently serviced our 6 year old furnace purchased and installed by All Comfort.  He was comprehensive and nice. He took the time to review the data from the burner and checked the entire list.  Highly recommended.  they sent an apology letter with an All Comfort clock that didn't work because the battery they included was dead."  which is fine. Their team arrived on time and they were very helpful in helping us choose a new place outside to set the  air conditioner (we only had to dig up a couple of bulbs/plants). Nice and flexible payment service and love the new ""super high tech"" thermostat. It's a nice addition and will save us money in the future. All Comfort Services made our worrisome situation very comfortable without any issues. We would recommend them to anyone seeking excellent service." "Billy T and Matt C did a superb job replacing 2 furnaces and AC units to boot! Showed up on time Great work and came out very fast to fix our issue! Rob of All Comfort Services had to come to my home twice in the past 10 days concerning a kitchen faucet leak. He was very personable and professional. He fully explained that I could replace the faucet but he thought he could fix the leak and save me the expense of a new one. I would not hesitate to recommend Rob of All Comfort Services to anyone looking for help. and Drew for the excellent service of installing our new furnace and air conditioner. It was a hot day and we are very happy to have a cool home with an energy efficient system. Great clean up and timely installation." zjvhOPocFPsImtJMWV55WA  efficient and courteous."  was very professional and had my dishwasher fixed in less than 20 minutes.  His prices are reasonable and his work was top rate.  I would highly recommend his company and will definitely use them again." "John is warm and trustworthy! He is reasonably priced and does reliable work. He repaired our refrigerator and was able to repair it right away. I would welcome him in my home anytime  he had everything and got'er done! The time he was here I could hear his phone ringing and he never answered it! He made sure I was his concern while he was here. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND calling John if you are in need of some repair for your appliances! I did read the few reviews on Yelp while he was here and all of the positive comments where spot on! In short if you need a repair guy and don't call John you are doing yourself a huge disservice!" John came over on the same day that I contacted him and he kindly explained to me why my dryer wasn't drying as it normally does. He then advised me on how I can easily fix it on my own! Amazing. I will be calling him when a real repair is needed!  thanks to their awesome transportation system.  They even have kneeling buses for wheelchair dependent citizens.  The schedules and maps are easy to follow "The mass transit system in Champaign-Urbana is actually really good! You can get almost anywhere by the bus! The 22 is the most used bus which will take you anywhere on campus that is in the most traveled area...Green St.  but it does not come close to succeeding. I realize the challenges are vastly more difficult  Chambana MTD for getting me where I need to go all the time Public transportation is being suspended in observance of a religious holiday.   Are you freakin' kidding me?  Sorry to all of you who rely on the MTD to get to work  so be sure to choose a bus that arrives to your destination a few minutes early.  At least the MTD buses are free to students."  if you live on campus you are never more than 2-3 blocks from a bus.  Just don't make the mistake of getting on the wrong bus and having to ride for an extra 30 min because you got on the wrong way :)  Also My only complain is that sometimes the rides are too crowded."  who is probably the kookiest conversationalist of a bus driver I've ever met. Every ride with him was fun Never renting with them again... I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT!" I would say steer clear of these landlords." "By far the worst service I have ever had in my life. Miscommunications with this management company led me to a situation in which I was living out of my car for several months while attending U of I. I have worked in the service industry since high school and understand that sometimes Yelp is a place that people use to lash out on people and businesses based on a negative encounter that may not reflect the business in an accurate way. However  bad landlord even by the abominable Champaign standards."  who considers it reasonable to charge you for making phone calls to ask about the process. It is unfortunate that there are companies in this town that don't care about service Staff is not friendly. But otherwise the apartment on 5th and Springfield was clean  the worst landlord I have dealt with. No repair for at least several weeks if there is an emergency so I had to stay with my friend for a few days... But that's not the worst part. They start to show your apartment 2 or 3 month right after you sign the lease(If you don't believe me  I highly recommend it :-)  All the while reaffirming the useful message that anyone in their right mind should stay away." Just take time to go out to Menards or Do it yourself if you need any items" Update a few days later: copies no longer work and I got locked out of my house. This company is a complete fraud." Wow are they jerks. I definitely didn't feel welcome. They gave me the run around. Don't give these people money. Maybe one day they will do us a favor and go out of business. "Convenient location. I occasionally need a tool here and there for small jobs. There are usually two guys working here. Like the other reviewers said They showed up within half an hour of when they said they would for delivery  helpful and punctual. They wrapped all my furniture and packed it carefully. We had only 1 broken item which was a metal shoe rack. Great movers and i will use them again"  but only after about 4 months of waiting. my sense is that these damage reimbursements are built into the initial cost of the move  and diligently. When we got to Atlanta the guys moved everything into place. And to make matters even better we had a rogue car park in front of our house and the movers still walked and moved the extra distance without over charging us. Will totally use them again!" "I'll echo what another reviewer said: 1 star is 1 too many. After two hours the movers never showed. First I was told they had picked up another ""quick job"" at MY SCHEDULED TIME and would be an hour late. One hour later they're still a no-show  or some company which actually exhibits a bit of professionalism." Very unhappy and unsatisfied customer."  and reps try to sell you on falsely representative units. You get a lot of space for your money  the security deposit situation sums up any relations with Barr: you get screwed."  leasing agents and maintenance men are always coming into your apartment to show it. One time I was resting in my bedroom and a maintenance man came into my apartment without knocking! And then today  but we were charged for them to be cleaned. That is outrageous and appalling. They even charged for items to be cleaned that were not included in our 'things to clean before move out' list. I would have cleaned it had I known I was supposed to." https://picasaweb.google.com/110253500433385469135/510SMattisApt107MoveOutPictures?authuser=0&feat=directlink"  ""So do you need help?"" The question was asked in a way that anyone who truly wants to help does not generally speak. I left the place and will not recommend it. I now see from the other review that apparently the same problem existed there three years ago." How do you work in an electrical supply house and not know what a push rod set is and have stuff walking out the door." As background: Over the years we have used Tepper's design services and repair services and have always been pleased. They do quality work and they do seem to care that you be satisfied with it." "Horrible customer service....horrible. If you go to.the.contractor counter and try.and get.served.Good luck. 8 people behind counter but I couldnt get waited on. If your not an electrician they.know "They always s have what I'm looking for. People treat you very well here I recommend anyone in food service responsible for replacing multiple types of light bulbs because they will have most if not all of them in stock  one of the better large management companies on campus. People might know this because their apartments fill up fast.  Consequently there is usually no room for negotiation with these guys.  I will consider them for future apartments."  we pushed the office several times and they came up with several excuses. There was even a crack in the wall  JSM? Why are you doing construction in our units WHILE we are living here? Couldn't you have waited until a break and not impose yourself upon exams and busy schedules? Where are we supposed to sleep and eat and live if there's paint and sawdust everywhere and nowhere to walk? What are you supposed to do as a resident if you have severe dust allergies? It feels like I'm living in the Dust Bowl. I can't stop coughing and my nose burns. I read about you guys pulling this trick in the Tenant Union records  we found dirty carpet at move in) and a $60.00 maintenance charge to change the lock on the front door.   I'm sure they paid someone way less than $275.00 to clean an empty apartment!  Contrast with Tower at 3rd for a $40.00 move-out carpet cleaning."  it's clear that they never vacuum or clean the carpet.  I am very upset with not getting a full security deposit refund even after being an easy to work with and clean tenant." Who does long construction while people are living there? Where are we supposed to go? JSM staggered the floors so that there is perpetual construction for a semester. That's just not right." BzmMwgLV32zeQPwNaUUbtg  I put in countless requests for pest control as the roaches were swarming my unit. JSM has not responded to a single one. It is now the summer and they have yet to respond"  construction-free building. I'd rather live somewhere with a dirty laundry room if it means I won't be booted out of my actual unit nor have to go through the grueling process of destroying egg sacs and cold-treating and spraying and plastic bagging appliances and squishing and sweeping roaches and plucking them out of my bed."  IL.  Everything was ok after move in although the furnishings were dated and quite worn.  Considering it was college living we let a lot of things slide.  I was a bit disappointed at the cleanliness of the elevators and common areas as there were often broken beer bottles and garbage strewn about in the hallways and atrium.  Upon moving out and doing much of the cleaning ourselves to assure we'd receive the majority of our security deposit back ended up not being the case.  Although the cleaning check list was very extensive and honestly quite ridiculous we spent several hours tackling a great portion of the list.  Much to my surprise we were charged for the majority of the cleaning that we performed along with carpet cleaning and furniture cleaning (the same worn out couch we met at move in).  The real kicker was they charged us $75 for a fob and the rekeying of the front door  there were some SERIOUS mold on walls and carpet was disgusting. The apartment itself was disgusting'!! I fell sick the first week. Not to mention the place is infested with spiders! They do renovations in the apt in the middle of the semester which is UNACCEPTABLE they call themselves a ""convenience"" for students because they are near the university but they are not convenient AT ALL especially to move a student during mid semester while exams are going on! Not to mention  live  at one of their apartments. The maintenance staff is actually very nice and gets things done in a timely manner. The management office staff members are extremely rude and inefficient with their duties. Never do they apologize for something they had clearly done wrong- such as By far the worst place I ever loved at in my life. Do not live with them. They do not care at all about you. If they want to do construction they will do construction and by construction I mean 7am weekdays  and on Saturdays. If you want to be able to study and sleep on campus I advise you to live with another company.  this is your dorm.  If you're interested in getting some sleep It sure was excellent to have weekly (or was it every other week?) maid service. The private bathrooms made the decision easy for me  if there is no due date. Also technician accidentally dropped a bunch of chemicals in our yard in a pile. A lot of chemicals in one pile results in DEAD grass. The technician with an 8th grade iq level didn't even bother to tell anyone. When we noticed it I think that there is something wrong with the company (seriously). Someone at the company is making the application record up or cooking the book."  they quickly backed off and refunded the money (clearly just trying to take advantage of people that will blindly pay the bill). They sent a guy out for free to actually treat weeds like I had originally asked for and absolutely nothing was killed. I don't have all that many weeds in my yard to begin with but not a single leaf turned a hint of brown to even pretend to begin dying. Conveniently  and my friends the lawn's look GREAT!! So easy to work with their friendly and professional staff!" Friendly tellers small waiting time.  and will continue to complain to every organization we can until this is rectified. I have been abused by this organization quite enough The makes for a very poor operation that is sorely lacking in efficiency or any semblance of personalized service. Unfortunately my employer banks with Bank of America so while I'd like to say ""See you later"" if they actually ever get around to closing my account and sending me my money  I reached a girl who told me only the phone support number could start this process. Explained to her that several agents had told me the branch had to start this process and ask to be introduced during a transfer to someone who could help. Guess what? I was just sent to the start of the 800 menu again. Was not able to reach anybody after another 10 calls Emma needs a new attitude! She comes off rude and she is a bitch! Worst customer service ever! She should be fired! I'm here with a family member who opened an account here a week ago and now finds his account 'locked' - with all of his funds unavailable for eight days. Having spent more than one hour in the downtown branch he's on the phone getting shifted between people trying to find someone who can help. Can anyone cut they the red tape? Apparently not. Welcome to impersonal banking at its lowest. This place is such a CLOWN SHOW.  but the lack of knowledge and respect for customers tops it off. Strongly recommend Chase. Steer clear of this BOA location and the institution all together."  it was like new with double stitching around the zippers. I was so impressed that I took my boat back in for them to make a custom Cockpit cover. They had it completely fitted with buttons and a support pole. It was a perfect fit." We were in the market for sun sails and called Phoenix Tent to come and give an estimate.  The salesman had zero interest in working with us and basically treated us as if we had wasted his time.  light duty zipper operating.   The old one was replaced at my insistence with a zipper suitable for an expedition to Mount Everest a Kansas observation tent for twister watchers  and I will be a repeat customer if the need ever arises."  and eames era furnishing. The furniture is lovely- but the prices are SKY HIGH. Expect to pay top dollar for you won't find any bargains here. With that being said (Side note:  The store also carries art and a small selection of vintage clothing and accessories.)" "This is a stunning vintage modern showroom with more of the same furnishings for sale inside.  Unfortunately Everything is beautiful in there.  It's like going to MOMA. I can't believe it's in Phoenix! THANK GOODNESS! This is the place that has everything I've ever dreamed about.  I'm saving up for this gorgeous vintage hanging chair.  I hope it doesn't sell before I get my hands on it. The owner here is really cool and encourages you to look around even if they know that you probably can't afford anything there (like they did with me). Another thing about the owner at Red Modern Furniture is that she's really passionate about what she does and I thought that it was really cool that I could talk to her about what was in the store."  and is always willing to help.  It's worth a visit even if you aren't considering making an actual purchase.  There are things there that you won't see anywhere else in this state."  making sure we didn't touch anything at all. It's a frickin' furniture store! How can you not be allowed to sit on the couches? I don't care if they're vintage or antiques or the like We found some really great pieces we liked that would work perfectly in our home.  And some we fell in LOVE with other stuff but have not purchased.  It is pricey but they are like pieces of fine art.  It is Eames-era heaven.  There is the most beautiful desk I have ever seen and other pieces that just left me in awe.  If this is your style  so my only hang-up with Red is that a lot of neat stuff does not have price tags; who knows We now are on the verge of a full-blown vintage furniture addiction that is only being held back by our income. I've actually considered putting off plans to travel the world and raise a family in order to get the perfect coffee table." kb_gDoTlPHf_Pk-L9sGMtA The vibe is not my kind of phoenix vibe.  I've probably been in the store 10-20 times and have either received no greeting or a cold/frosty one.  For that reason alone I don't want to give them my money."  the prices are sky high (although that doesn't mean that isn't room to bargain) and the staff is extremely unfriendly. I would rather shop on Ebay or go pay full price at Lumature or Design Within Reach." "How incredibly pathetic.  I just had the worst experience at Red.  Then I get on Yelp and realize how many others have come to the same conclusion--enough to write about it!  How can a store possibly survive if you are treated so poorly.  Wow.  I was seriously shocked--zero personality and 100% icy and rude--as if they didn't even want you in the store.  So why did they open one?  Even if I found the perfect piece items are nicely arranged but prices are too high!  and everything I asked for pricing on was strangely $1000 + (even a lamp I already owned and paid $20 for at a thrift store).  It was as if he didn't think I was worthy of owning any of his furniture.  I have since frequently seen him at estate and yard sales around phoenix  she said ""I don't go to a luxury car dealership and sit in all the cars I can't afford. People who buy a really nice piece of furniture here don't want something that everyone has sat their butt on."" I'll never waste my time there again."  I'm assuming that the majority of the their actual customers come from web sales because there is no way anyone I know would spend that kind of money on furniture when the sales staff is acting like they're doing you a favor by allowing you to breath in their precious vintage air."  check out the wonderful vintage stores elsewhere in town." Best ever!  I have brought them my Oriental rugs for years and they are always perfect when I pick them up. I highly recommend them!!!!  you can count on the fact the job will be done right.  I have only had one question ever and they immediately redid the job to get it right.  Sometimes you have to wait a little longer to get your rugs clean but guess that's the price you pay for a place that is so popular that they can get swamped!  Nice people who are very professional in what they do.  I think their prices are reasonable  they left a bald spot in one of the corners.  I could not believe they let it go out of the shop looking like that.  When I called to complain  and I have always been impressed. They do a great job on rug cleanings and repairs. I have taken dozens of rugs to them over the years and always  pleased with the quality of work. They are pretty affordable too. Would recommend to anyone." I am a Scottsdale Designer and McFarlands has been cleaning my customers rugs for years. They are the only one I would trust with Persian and Fine Wools. Area rugs  look new when they are done. Whether you want to roll it up and toss it in the back of your pick up truck and bring it to them or ask them to pick it up. Whatever your choice is you won't be disappointed. I have lived in the Valley since 1974 and they have been working for me that long. I recommend them over anyone else. They spend the money on quality cleaning and you don't pay for a beautiful building. Let them do the cleaning right the first time.  delivery etc. I usually give companies a few shots to get it right but I will find a new place to take my clients rugs in the future."  the edges are all curved and the rug looks terrible laying along the straight lines of a tile or a wood floor. Also one corner you can see all this white stitching on the the top of it I was recommended to this locksmith by another Yelp business. I came here to get a key for a lock that needed to be replaced. The locksmith made me a key for $10 after I have thrown away the original key. This store has an abundant assortment of floor safes. This Locksmith has been in business for a very long time and obviously knows what he is doing. This is the kind of business people should know about because it's in a crappy area of town. Guys are straight forward and honest. No up sells or pressure."  and told him that our safe wasn't opening properly. Rather than charging me to send somebody out  so I handed the guy my key and said ""I need one just like this"" to which he responded ""I have one that shape but without the holes"" so I told him that was fine and he made the key. I give my card to his daughter and then he hands me the key that has a big stamp on it with the name of the shop and its phone number. As I'm asking if there are any keys that don't have the name because it has to look like I got them at the same place she runs my card. Which wouldn't be a problem except they didn't have any I could use! And she was rude to while I was trying to explain that I couldn't use it with Hicks engraved one it... She said well all we can do it cover it with tape. Really? Tape is the solution? How about giving me my money back because I can't use the key and I specifically said they had to look the same? Ugh" "I needed keys made for our company so I sent one of our drivers in with my company credit card.  He was wearing a company shirt that also matched the card and driving a company vehicle with the logo on it too.  They were extremely rude to him AFTER they made the keys and said they would not take a company credit card unless that the person whose name was on the card was there.  That's me.  If I had time to run errands like make keys I wouldn't have sent an employee.  I called them after he returned and once again they were very rude.  I understand you can't always say ""yes"" to a customer but there is no need to act like you enjoy making things a little harder for them.  I sent my guy back with $15 in cash to cover the keys and will NEVER use or recommend them.  I can be told no - just don't celebrate it." I've worked with them after my parents used then at their previous home. They've installed and repaired my sprinkler system for the past 5 years or more. Very professional and on time. Perhaps a little pricier but the quality of their work balances that out. Only wish they had office hours until 5pm as sometimes I have to play phone tag with them to set an appointment. Definitely would recommend them. I could never recommend this company." woYUVSduqsbpU4wLqcxEpQ GO Sherwin Williams!  Don't waste your time at Dunn-Edwards.  Their customer service is at best spotty and uninformed...at worst  I found the paint was the wrong color. They made no attempt to help in the suituation. I basically spent triple the amount of money on this paint only to have them point fingers at the carpenter. I'll go elsewhere next time and so should my carpenter." I was told I'd be waiting 45 minutes for my paint this morning. It arrived in 15."  they got it wrong. Had to go back again today and have them remake it. Waited over an hour to get one gallon of paint mixed. I like the quality of the paint I just left the paint store and I'm literally still sitting in the parking lot because I'm so P-o'd . I went in there with a chip of paint and told them I needed a paint match. The guy said they could do it and I expressed to them that it had a hint of purple in the paint at my home I just picked up the paint and it is not even close to being the same color he would not help me out. Basically told me I was S out of luck. I will never go back there again the guy was a complete arrogant you know what. Now I have a paint color that doesn't match anything in my home and I cannot use it. Reading through the reviews I see that the same problem has occurred to other people. I would go anywhere but here from now on and I used to go there quite a bit. I wish there was an option to get zero stars but the guy that help me this morning was nice. Very unfortunate customer service.  Apparently it is not their policy to accept returns on unopened paint.  This was not a custom mix either.  So now we have a $50.00 can of unused paint.  Crummy. Super friendly store & excellent service. Kimberly was so nice to work with. Pleasant & made good recommendations. Patient team & timely turnaround. Would absolutely come back!!  I paid and a few minutes later I was out of there with my paint. Very impressed with their quick and courtesy service." Everyone is so friendly here! Can't say the same of the lady who works at Bell and 35th. Everyone at this location was kind and helpful.  bought the rig and we're on my way. My man went to Dunn Edwards because they opened at 8. At 9:05 (Sherwin Williams opens at 9) we have our rig and ready to go at Sherwin."  very dangerous place for your wallet.  But it's worth it to live with beauty on a daily basis." "Stuff Antiques does have wonderful objects.  It is a good idea to go in knowing what things are worth.  There are no price tags on items and I believe that the owner will take advantage of the unseasoned buyer.  Unfortunately "Beware of a residential property being represented by Osselaer. They slow with inquiries and paperwork and will nitpick you on move out with a good amount of fees. Seriously I would give them 1 star but have been happy that Karen typically returns my call within 24 hours." "I own a property managed by the Osselaer for a little over a year now. I have had problems with my landscaping and have addressed my property manager for the sweetwater vista's as well as a letter to their president. The result? Nothing. It is like I am a joke to them. Their policy? As long as you send in your quarterly check they can go on ignoring you and downsize your simple requests. I am really..how hard is it to trim some bush's and turn on water trips. Sure I do not mind doing those things  yet they continued to send to that address.  Finally I got a letter from an attorney's office stating that there was a lien on my house due to unpaid sewer and HOA dues.  What morons I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMMEND AVOIDING THIS COMPANY AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  hopefully I don't get shot at.  I don't understand why this management company does not take responsibility and continues to not enforce the CC&Rs.  For nine years they kept sending me warnings about my garbage containers being exposed on my yard and a few weed warnings which was not true I will never again buy a property with management by Osselaer. this has left such a  bad taste in my mouth that I  will probably avoid a sudivision under any HOA"  high prices and a bad attitude at every level of the company. The solution is to work with your board or to get elected to your board and fix the problems yourself. If you permit a lousy vendor to make your life unhappy  nit picky thing and then when you go to pay online guess what? They ding you again with another 10 dollar online payment fee! And god forbid they would have a phone payment option. Update your technology and your slow unhelpful staff. Stay away from this company." I have a home in Osselaer managed subdivision the neighbor next-door has two cars that have not moved in more than three years and the management company refuses to help our neighborhood take some action. I believe we all move into management companies with the belief that they will help protect our home value.  In my opinion this company does not care about our home values.  I personally was sent a letter by an attorney that represented Osselaer saying in very stern language to not contact the management company about these cars anymore and to only contact the attorney herself. Very weak management company in my opinion.  but I had no idea a light could cost that much.  We've been looking for a light for our near-completed bathroom project for quite a while now.  Our taste is a little left of the middle and after leaving Modern Lighting empty handed nV_7lAYFVISEs-Te4e39gA Maybe there's a pocket of richies in Central Phoenix that can afford Hinkley's...but even if I could  please ignore all the misconceptions about insanely high prices at Hinkley's. The service is fantastic  unique and in a wide range of styles from funky modern to antique.  The service was sub-par and I was only greeted after wandering the store in awe for 20 minutes." Love the stars!  They are the only thing affordable in this place! Love the stars!  But you can get them online cheaper.  The other lighting that they carry is WAY overpriced and quite antiquated. "Talk about rude! I went in to buy three ceiling fans and I felt like the salesperson was laughing at me and mocking me for my decisions and questions. I will never set foot in this store again. I went to a different lighting store where I had great service  there were great options. We bought two pendant lights at roughly $250+ each.  Less than two years later and we've had to replace both lights due to faulty wiring/ bad connection. The first time we took the light in and they lost our fixture and took no record of receiving it. They were slow to get back to us so we went into the store. It ended up taking 5-6 weeks to replace My co-deciders will now investigate my personal tastes. I'm 90% sure we'll buy through Hinkley's Lighting." The nicest people ever.  I just needed one little bulb but wasn't sure exactly what I was looking for.  They listened to me and help me figure out exactly the bulb I needed for what I was trying to accomplish (lighting some photography). Really appreciate their assistance and highly recommend them if you're not quite sure what you're looking for and need some knowledge assistance. Had them install a few ceiling fans on the back patio and they did a great job and in a timely manner. Will use again for other lighting. "Needed an electrician and my neighbor recommended Econolight.  My neighbor has very high standards so I had confidence in the recommendation.  She did not let me down.  Econolight showed when they said they would.  Gave me an estimate and then did the work.  They were very professional and honest and did the work for the price quoted.  Next time I needed an electrician Just had Jay over to put in some outdoor  security lights.  He gave me enough information to make good choices--one of which was to re-use a light I had in another capacity instead of getting a new one."  I didn't forget about you! The price was nice and my guy made it easy to use the plug by moving past where our original quote was. Quick and easy Many years of success to you all." I was so impressed with their service that I scheduled an appointment to check my electric system.  Thank you for making my day.  Great work!" "Econolight was an amazing find in very hectic situation last week. I had some electrical problems that needed resolution the same day. I was dialing for dollars until a wonderful woman answered the phone and helped me find an available electrician to come to my house the same day!! I didn't have time to get 3 bids...I needed the work done ASAP in order to close the sale of my home. Jay showed up in the afternoon "This company was recommended to be by a neighbor over 12 years ago. I have used them for a variety of electrical projects over the years and have always been extremely pleased! They are an honest  I wanted a professional electrician to evaluate my electrical system before adding a new ceiling fan and a new electrical outlet.  Two men arrived with a large truck full of supplies.  They put cloths down to protect my rug and furniture and went to work assessing the situation.  They worked quickly "Great people. Great service. Great results. Our remodel of a historic home was quite a challenge. Econolight handled the electrical: a complete rewire with a new panel (including outdoor and indoor low-voltage)---retaining some outlets Steer clear of Mutual Managements community's. You will not be satisfied as an owner." Finally Greg has explained several times that I should not be concerned because the roofing tile doesn't protect my roof."  the Vice Presiden is nothing short of a liar and a bigot in my opinion.  I had many email conversations with him where he promises he would address it and later on does nothing about it. Lates is telling me I do not understand the English language due to me having an accent. This company needs to be out of business." Will definitely return when we have a master bath or kitchen remodel.  These two we won't be doing ourselves.  We'd like to save our marriage." I have ordered and received very special high end Baldwin Hardware and bathroom hardware and the service is amazing. Ask for Michael "I just completed a 7 month project remodeling a 95 year old home on the central coriddor. Michael at Clyde Hardware was my sole source for Baldwin locks for my home inside and out. They have the greatest selection  I was told that there were tons of choices. I found the perfect pulls. They also have the most unique bath tubs  plus made several trips to the store and to be treated like that??  No wonder amazon and other competitors are cleaning their clocks and they have a sign on their door not allowing photos." "The showroom at this place is amazing...too bad the staff doesn't match. I have never been treated so bad. Associate after associate was rude to me...independently!!!! I asked for a specific part politely and with a smile. I greeted them and was snubbed. They didn't have the part and Great selection.  Very helpful. Everyone was friendly gave my dog cookies & water. Good pricing!  left a little early so I'd make it before 4 and they had the exact part I needed. They probably could have ripped me off (I was desperate) but I got out of there for 54 cents (tax included). The people there were friendly and helpful." I was pleasantly surprised by how nice and helpful they were. I had a difficult problem and they help me solve it over several days and several visits. Thank you again!  competent service at time of purchase of a single Stihl trimmer and HONESTY in repair service that kept me from buying a new one of same when I didn't need to.  Repairs weren't instant but were done in less than time projected." Can I give no stars.  What a horrible place to get service work done. got an estimate for tune up on a hedge trimmer and a weed eater.   So the hedge trimmer they gave me a horrible estimate that was more than double what it should have been when I said no they told me I owed a 18 dollar fee for the estimate and said I should just leave the trimmer since it is not worth any thing.  I ended up selling for 150 on craigs list FYI with out the tune up.   they even charged to add string to test the weed eater.  Place is a total rip off I will never go again.  I said you wouldn't !!I know you sold it.So the person on the phone became irate and told me he could do what ever he wanted to with my property!! and in fact he did sell it and then he hung up on me!!! If you do need something repaired go to Arizona Tree and Turf Equip Co 1502 W Bell Rd at least they're honest and wont sell your property!!!"  but I brought a lawnmower in for repair. They called me to pick it up and it was $55 or so for the tune up. They said it was working (they also said it was a piece of junk and I should get a new one).  When I went to use it the next week it still didn't work. I just bought a new one elsewhere. It wasn't worth the effort to argue with them on a mower a friend had given me and that someone had left out in the rain (prior to me bringing it in for repair). I was thinking about bringing my pressure washer in for repair This is my go to place for all landscaping equipment purchases and repairs." "Spoke with Chris who was very helpful. He spent over an hour explains my home theater set up. I loved their showroom and products. They have better prices than best buy.  Go figure  installation and setup of our new home entertainment systems plus the burglar/fire alarm. We couldn't be happier with how clean they work and professional they are. I can call with questions at any time and they are answered. I highly recommend them." 9sbzIygDtLcK6KMrTAr_Hw 9sbzIygDtLcK6KMrTAr_Hw 9sbzIygDtLcK6KMrTAr_Hw "I have used DSHE in 4 homes and 2 businesses.   I am not a contractor so it shows I have the most amount of faith in this company to hire his staff time and time again.  Clean STAY AWAY FROM THIS INSTALLER.  Poor customer service from the sales person Steve Hubbard all the way to Dennis Sage.  Best Buy is the better way to go." I highly recommend Speedy Glass I'm VERY satisfied with Speedy Glass and would definitely recommend it to anyone in need of their services!!!" "I picked these guys because they had a few good reviews on yelp and used that to sway my decision.  They did a great job getting back with me and scheduling someone to come out to get the measurements done on the house.  However Lifetime warranty on chips an cracks I have worked with speedy glass for years. They have replaced my windshield twice over the last couple years - one of the joys of living in a rural area - and are always professional and respectful. Never had any problems with the work done and love that they use manufacturer glass. Thank you speedy! Definitely recommended!"  i'm seriously not a picky consumer but this business is horrible" After building a custom home I know how painful it is to find a reputable contractor or subcontractor. I called around the valley for various quotes for a dual pane picture frame window. I wish this vendor was added to ""Rosie on the House"" preferred vendor list. Even though their quote was at the top tier sometimes you have to spend a little bit more money to get quality work. This is a company with a solid protocol has. The task was very difficult but they did not make any excuses and work through the problems. Long story short you do not have to look any further I am not a representative of the company nor am I benefiting from putting this feedback on yelp. Speedy glass help me rehab a ""Short Sale Home"" on that I'm currently living in and I have to say the job was superb. I hate giving reviews however I had to make this review for s""Speedy Glass""  had great follow up as well. I recommend Speedy to anyone looking for Auto Glass Repair or Replacement." CHOOSE THIS COMPANY I CANNOT STRESS THAT ENOUGH. And look he doesn't even use YELP." These guys were great! I called Monday morning and they were able to squeeze me in that morning! Fixed my broken drips in about an hour and were on their way. Fantastic customer service! Definitely recommend them!  he texted from his phone and other different numbers that we better watch out or ""someone"" will break in.  We felt unsafe and had to report it to the police.  We also own a gun now for protection.  Please do not use this locksmith!" I  can finally say that the building is completely secure thanks to the expertise and the innovative solutions implemented by Charley I needed a key for a 2014 car and didn't want to spend a fortune.  Quick service and received multiple keys for what one would have cost at the dealer. Take my advice.  Avoid." This is an older location which is not as modern as most BofA's but it is always clean. The tellers are friendly though plan on standing in life for a while as I mentioned it stays busy." I just counted and there are 14 people in front of me and 1 teller at the window.  I don't need people asking me what I need help with when I walk in the door.  I need faster service.  I wish my company banked elsewhere and there is no way I would do and personal business with BofA. Would give 0 stars if I could... Worst service I've ever seen at any bank branch... Line is over 30 mins at least.. People not helpful...No public restroom???.... Eventually just left and went to camelback location 5 mins from here. WORST. SERVICE. EVER. If I had a choice I would not rate it with a star at all. To start off the teller Saida Olivas asked me for an ID for a deposit when I have  never been asked before. The guy next to me did a large deposit and he was not asked for an  ID . She also kept speaking to me in Spanish as I kept responding in English I understand I look brown but that does not mean I speak Spanish. I felt she was doing it on purpose I will never go back to this location I felt discriminated. I hope somebody can talk to her and let her know you don't do that  I don't think I'll shop anywhere but online again for my phone needs. The human factor made the shopping icky." Oh brother what a bummer." Something good is going on at that shop and based on my experience (a) I highly recommend them; and (b) I'm sticking with Verizon!"  I can't quite think of something that rolls off my tongue but Bob was the man who worked and worked on my phone and got all my pictures back. He saved my life  he was nice and I got the phone and plan i wanted....but only because I had researched it myself.  Don't expect them to know what they're talking about  saying they've had problems with him before. My question was: WHY THE HELL DOES HE STILL WORK THERE?!?! He asked what he could do to make us happy and I asked for the regional manager's phone number. He provided the regional manager's cellular number This location of Verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent  of a car wreck.  people dont get my texts or they get a couple words from it AND i cant use my apps Most inefficient place I've been at.  Told it would be 30min and turned out to be an hour.  All I needed to do was replace a carrier clip.  Everyone was pissed off in the store.  You can't get simple service without waiting.  The only positive was the guy who checked us in finally got a clue and got me a new clip before my name was called.  The want personalized service but there only getting pissed off customers once they start to help them out.  Oh yea employees there park in the prime parking in front of the store.  I noticed this while we were waiting.   If you have a lot of spare time on your hands then this is the place for u. I will never go back to this store. they are LUCKY to get even this 1 star ...if possible i would of given them -5.....EXTREMELY RUDE....I will never walk into this location again.....AVOID at all costs this location!!!!  handed him my credit card and was told I needed a different card because the card I gave him (with my matched ID) didn't match the address on the account. I told him that the account is in somebody else's name and I could give him my proper billing information. He told me ""No  drive the 6 miles to the other one on 44th and Thomas where they actually will help you."  after a week my phone stopped working properly. i went back to the store and after explaining to the employee how the phone suddently broke they agreed to exchange it. they recovered my contacts and were respectful. so 4 stars for this store with great customer service"  Enough time for me to explain the differences between phones to my friend. We looked around and still no help. So we left I looked at one group of associates and said thanks for your help in deciding what store not to come back to. She just smiled and said have a nice day!" Love this store! Corbin (the tall one) is awesome! They're very helpful and i didnt wait long at all!  but not today. 10 minute or less wait. 10 minutes or less to set up new account activate phone for which I am most grateful. While I have ulterior motives for activating this phone for only one month maximum Lots of parking outside If you are young and hot Miguel will move you to the front of line maybe even skip you a few more times just because he doesn't like the way you look.  I ended my service after 12 years of being a loyal customer.   This was not the only reason!  Just where I finally realized Verizon really does not appreciate its customers.  Verizon. Keep it classy." Verizon is going to have to do a lot of butt kissing to keep me with them when the 2 years is up."  and asked me to leave immediately because I had my dog with me. I had brought the dog with me before. They said it was company policy  but I am here all the time and have never had a good experience. They over sell me ubreakwefix down the way helped me with my Android power connection "Really really poor customer service. I will never go back in to a verizon store. All of my changes and purchases will be done with the amazing people working online and on the phones. Walked out with a new iPhone6 and my sales rep ""set it up"" for me without my concent. C'mon man at least give me the courtesy of telling me that I needed to go home connect to wireless and upload my &@$ from the cloud. Had to reset whole phone to pull all my info in. Thank you Verizon sales associate for wasting my time. ""All set"" please!!!!!  Never never again.   Boo!!!!!" Service is solely based on what they are able to sell you on commission." Having been a customer for this long I've never encountered someone who made me feel uncomfortable and like an idiot. Wonder if Sprint would do the same. Might have to check then out this weekend." Added bonus if you've read this far -At the risk of being in hot water with my wife I :/ decided to buy a Bluetooth Bose system from him because I know that helps their stats somehow(...and I really needed an excuse to buy one)."  the store closed at 7:00pm and I got there at 7:02 and was met at the door and told sorry we are closed. Not wanting to hear what was wrong or anything. I tried to tell the guy that I just drove from the other side of town and he didn't want to hear it and didn't care. ""Sorry we are closed I felt extremely happy with my purchase/upgrade. I  worked with Charlie Gomez. He greeted me immediately and helped me right away.   Although I knew what phone I wanted Charlie really took the time with me; he saw my current plan and changed it for the better keeping it at the same price. He was very knowledgeable on prices and was able to really explain to me what kind of charges I would be seeing on my next bill.  He also took the time to help me sync all my information to my new phone which took MUCH longer than expected. In that time Charlie was super patient with how long that was taking (I was in the store 15mins after close.) During this time he explained the benefit of trading In my old phone for a tablet which I ended up taking one home! I felt extremely comfortable and confident in every decision I made. Charlie even took time to really build the relationship with me as the customer asking questions about me and not making it seem like I was just another transaction. Really pleased with my experience with Charlie and Verizon.  He's a great asset to the team!! "These idiots don't know one bit about what they are talking about. Probably one of the worse stores in North Phoenix. Can we get some technology literate people here please? Never coming to this store again  so I declined and got a refund for the phone and taking my business to another company. I dont' give them no stars because its not possible" Very helpful came in to close my account with a a sleeping toddler in my arms.  My name was taken at the door I was invited to sit down. Once my name was up there play came and sat next to me and helped me accomplish everything I need it without even having to stand. It was great and very much appreciated. "I will put a fife star service because of mine previous experience with this store. Today I was trying to call for about 1 hour and still could not connect with the store. Finally decide to drive down there and I am here with a 40min waiting period. Probably weekend is the worst day to come to the store. I will suggest for the managers to have more workers on the weekend so the line is not so big on waiting. The service is excellent and all the guys and girls are professional and they know what they do. Because off all the service a reserved I will wait I to get served  "The customer service at this location is extremely lacking. There were many employees available in the store doing nothing however i still had to wait about an hour to get seen. The managers on shift Great service!!! I went into this store to upgrade my phone in the process went very smooth. Every time I'm in I am treated with respect and courtesy. I will come back! The personnel at this company have the authority to promise one thing and deliver another  put the glass on then slipped my phone in the case. He even asked for my account to look up if it was registered that I was military 'cause I get 25% off! I never knew this. My account was registered as a military account so I got the discount. Think I spent at most 10 minutes here. That's solid service. Thanks Heath." Lena Solutions manager - service with an attitude after 40 mins wait.... just awful avoid and use another store I love this store. I've always revived the best customer service here. Toni Monley is on of the best employees Version has.  stay  far away from this company." avoid this bunch of bandits at all costs...they awarded my earnest money to seller after financing problem after 10 business days......never let seller pick title...fix always in if something goes wrong..... I don't know how they stay in business there are so many better title companies like Pioneer DO NOT USE THESE PEOPLE. The other reviews are completely right. Stay far far far far away. They are incompetent and useless. You will be so full of frustration when you are done. DO NOT USE THEM. Too bad Yelp makes us give even one star.  use someone...anyone else!" Total win!!! And they've gained my trust!!" This place is great! They are really trust worthy. They loaned us a sprinkler controller while they fixed ours for a good price. I really Like them and would recommend!  & you will never again visit Home Depot for anything sprinkler-system related.  Very knowledgeable  sprinkler world has helped me with parts and supplies for two back yards. They have everything you need here at a reasonable price."  helpful and very knowledgeable" "Sweet Jesus!  Checker pool and pump rocks.  Exactly the kind of place my  (ex) pool boy hoped I'd never find.  Good prices (free advice) and friendly "Knowledgeable staff and an honest business.  They checked out my pool pump and suggested I just replace the seals.  Shasta wanted me to buy a whole new pump.  An inexpensive overhaul and some great pool advice and my pool's working again.  Thanks "My pool lady didnt seem to know what she was doing and let our pool turn DARK green. I came here This particular technician was so horrible I am afraid to call this company ever again. He was rude to me and to my husband and"  I was told by an annoyed sounding employee that ""it's a year.""  I asked whether there was any way it might be extended under the circumstances  it just need to be cleaned. They charged me 20.00 to clean it. When I put it in the pool it still had the same problem. I took it to Leslie Pool Supply they took it a part while I was there replaced a couple parts put it back together and didn't charge me "I go to Check for all my pool needs. The reviewers that don't like their level of customer service are cry babies! Checker is a bunch of ""dudes"" that probably don't care if you want good customer service lol. So what if they eat their lunch at the counter  and issues that you might be having with your pool.  They are friendly and helpful and have saved me a lot of money and hassle.  I had a pool that was green and disgusting and wouldn't clear up.  Shasta and Paddock kept insisting that more chlorine was the only cure and that other products wouldn't work  the pump I purchased is broken. My regular pool guy (who was out of town in August of 2011 when I wrote the 1st review) took the pump apart and found out that it was never grounded.  Buyer BEWARE!! I am not the only person this happened to. No apologies. No warranty. Nothing." Bill and Mike were pleasant to deal with and the price for the part was just as quoted over the phone." "About a month ago I had Checker replace the sand in my sand filter.  Immediately when he turned on the pump there were bubbles coming out of the return.  I said ""why are there bubbles coming out of the return.  I've never had bubbles coming out of the return?""  Mike just basically blew me off.   Bled it to get the air out and still have bubbles.  Had their tech guy out and he was just plain rude.  I told him to humor me and check the O ring on the filter lid because I never had bubbles coming of the return and the only thing that has changed is they changed the sand.  The guy didn't want to do it and didn't do it and preceded to tell me how he gets paid.  Bottom line What my guy who helped said after I thanked him for helping me was this: ""Fair prices for fair people"". That pretty much sums it up on it's own." "Mike did a fantastic job of helping me find everything I needed to care for my newly remodeled pebble tech pool. He was courteous and I enjoyed working with him. He guided me and best buys in the store xsyIKrKNsmcOMsBipNlO5A  but will make the trip to Leslie (and likely spend more money) just so I don't have to deal with these guys again. No point in giving my money to people who definitely don't appreciate it."  they gave good advice as to when it was time to drain vs continuing to dump chemicals. They also gave some magical chemicals (aka party is tomorrow!)." This place rocks.  I went in on a Sunday to drop off my dead pool pump expecting to leave it and come back later in the week to pick it up.  20 minutes later I was leaving with a working pump. I will be back for all my needs in the future! "Excellent service. I walked in at 9 am with a pool pump that was inconsistent and they had me out the door ten minutes later with a repaired pump and bill under $15! Talk about a great way to start the day Before coming hear I was convinced I was going to fork out $120 bucks a month to get my pool serviced and maintained but after working with the great team at Check Pools I am seriously going to try the instructions they provided and even though the commute is longer to see them  and take great pride in truly helping you....not just selling supplies and products.  They take the time to explain things  and cheaper than Leslie's down the street. I'm going to go here whenever I can." All I can say is these guys are great and everybody that goes there knows it. That says it all. They know their business and the prices and helpfulness is priceless!! Thank you.  until they came out and wanted more money for rest of work.  Additional bid was over $1500 of two other bids.  Another contactor said that some companies will bid half the job then once they get started do part of the job then inform u that they didn't bid everything so that they can get more money.  Of course we signed the contract Very quick response.  Excellent service.  Power went out about 9 a.m. due to an accident.  New Box installed and all inspections completed with power on before 4 p.m.  Thank you so much! I would never hire this company again. There is a real lack of ethics and professionalism at the company. Dyer Electric is a great local family owner business who has provided us with excellent service over the years. They are responsive and professional no matter the size of the job. Thanks! We definitely recommend A Accent Plumbing - you will not be disappointed."  and apologized for not being able to come out that evening ( it was 3ish when we called) but would be out the next morning first thing.  He called the next morning to make sure it was ok to come out.  Quoted a fair price for the work "Very unprofessional and rude. Acted like he was doing me a favor to replace a water heater. Had enough and got someone else to do the job. As a small business owner "My usual handyman was sick so he recommended Steve at A-Accent Plumbing to install a new sprayer head for my kitchen faucet. I had already purchased the part so it was (I thought) a simple matter of attaching it. The plumber arrived very promptly - the same day I called. He was finished in 30 minutes "These guys have always done a great job for me.  I live in an old house  but they worked their magic - a couple of times within just a few minutes - and have charged me anywhere from $4.00 to $24.00.  I highly recommend taking any of your broken lighting fixtures here (even if they are missing parts).  The inventory of lamps "Got a lamp that you love?  Can figure out why the F*(K it doesn't work anymore??  Bring it in here.  They'll fix it...they'll be super helpful Recently dropped an antique pole lamp off for repair. Phx lamp did a great job and repair costs came in 25% less than quoted. It did take nearly 3 weeks for the repairs to be completed but this did not come as a surprise. They informed me of the time frame when I dropped off the lamp and called before they started work and when lamp was complete. Also have a great selection of lighting and antiques in shop. Overall great experience.  this is the place for you. Ask for Billy - the owner. (Avoid the grouchy old lady at the front desk: she's mean as a witch in a fairy tale.) I have been a customer tor 10 years. The best thing they do is transform pots  I can't knock the work...but I would never go back here if I can find another place. I have added a photo of my receipt where she scribbled out the $20 and added the extra charges. Total Rip off. AVOID." gStuDV22kE0EJlse2iQGTw I don't like to speak ill of small independently owned businesses and am not a difficult person to satisfy but my experience with Phoenix Lamps was awful." Consider doing the same." I will be brining any other lamps here that need to be repaired and i wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to anyone who needs work done on their lighting."  but they are really heavy."" So we asked about how much the small boulders (as in 2.5 feet or smaller) weighed or about how much they cost....and they had no idea. In fact it was almost like they didn't want us to buy anything. weird. It would have not been so bad  I won't trust them with the large ones. Marvel certainly isn't getting a second chance." Not happy with Marvel....have to agree that they don't care about their customers.  I ordered 10 tons of rocks and scheduled a 7am delivery time.  It is now 11:30am and they still aren't here.  I lost half a day of work and have been paying workers who have been standing around all morning because the materials aren't here.  Very frustrated with this place and will never use them again! "Great inventory and nice (but slow) counter staff.  The ""boyz"" in the yard have attitude. More fun driving the fork lifts than helping customers.  Time for some housekeeping "The guy behind the counter couldn't have been any nicer when i ordered 10 tons of rock to be delivered. I received a phone call around the time he said I should expect it. The driver called me prior to delivery It sucks when it's easier to go to Home Depot. I guess I need to find a new brickyard." The employees here need some serious training. They have no concept of customer service. They also have supply chain issues (always out of product and never know when it is coming in). I have tried Marvel a few times and each time the experience got worse. Will never go back now. "well first of all I had no idea what I was going to purchase all I knew I wanted Pavers in my back yard and they recommended this place This review is to ask any of the customers that have experienced bad customer service in the past to give us another chance.  We have gone through a cultural change and now we strive everyday to offer superior customer service and true consulting assistance to our clients.  Whether you are an Arizona contractor or a do it yourself home owner we strive to be your first stop for any and all of your masonry supplies needs.  We offer dedicated outside sales staff to our larger clientele and a highly trained inside sales staff to assist your last minute needs at each of our four locations.  We are dedicated to YOUR success no mater what your job size is.  We ask for you to give us another chance and we will earn your loyalty and trust.  We are a new and improved Marvel and we are here for you.  and doesn't have the honesty to meet the basic service warranty." The cleaning was average at best and the hassle and renegotiation makes it a no-brainer to avoid this company." Update: Filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau on 6/5/13... to date the company has not cared enough to respond.   Make sure you think twice. G_BJabq5HDoDLZe77a-ULA "This is a scam. I purchased this from Groupon and called them up. Told them the requirements clearly. Day of appointments their ""truck breaks down "". The next day they turn up half an hour late. Then they say oh we thought you wanted carpet cleaning. We haven't brought the equipments for your laminated floor cleaning. I said thank you very much please leave after talking to their boss on phone. Do not buy this Groupon !!"  but they did do a fantastic job! If not in a hurry I would use them again." Bought the groupon which is only for the labor. I was upsold on the chemicals. They showed up late and made me wait. The cleaning part was done well. There van broke down in my driveway.  and explained everything in specific detail. They didn't make me feel stupid nor discounted my ignorance. They are every bit as good as the leading companies and at 2/3 the cost. I highly recommend this company and feel people on here are very uniformed and do not have realistic expectations. I do not work for Zee Best Carpet  and affordable and I would recommend them to anyone and will most likely hire them again in the future." and a vacuum. After he left I went upstairs only to have my socks turn black w the dirty water that the machine left behind. Had to spray w half bottle of febreeze just to take away musty smell. Coulda rented a Rug Dr for half the price and same results."  very professional. A little up selling but that comes with the territory. I'll definitely use them again." Nothing like bringing your girl friend on the job and not honoring the price of the Groupon.  SMH  Lesson learned always check the reviews before you buy the Groupon.  he went the extra mile! The stripping and polishing of the slate got my flooring looking better than it has ever been. Neighbors and family expressed how noticeably shiny the floors are and will be calling zee best for work on their floors. The cost beat any other quote in town Booked on groupon for a reasonable price.  Tech was on time and courteous. I had to pay extra for pet stain treatment but that was disclosed to me and it worked so I am happy with the service. I would use them again.  they called 25 minutes after the appt time to say they couldn't make it due to their truck breaking down. I was not happy so they said they could come the next morning at 10. They did not show up so I called the Company number and they said they couldn't get a hold of the guy either. I have already emailed Groupon to get a refund."  so he did not have to come out and clean my carpets. Then he hung up on me. Please save yourself the grief and go somewhere else." "This is the worst company to deal with. I had a mold issue in my apartment and I emailed the CEO twice and left messages with the person in charge of my building and neither ever returned my calls. I mean If you are planning on moving into one of their properties dont. The woman named Celena Rodriguez is about as useful as the tooth fairy."  EVER again rent from any complex that is ""managed"" (and use that term VERY loosely)  and saved the money and frustration.   It should be noted that this work was ordered and done when the business had slowed way down and it was not a matter of the company being crazy busy." "Met Brian the owner and had Britt (one of the employees there) help us with setting up for a project.  I spent a lot of time working with Britt on deciding on the options  do not expect good communication from Britt he told us when we called him for delivery date to just call him again on another day and he would tell us. Really? Customer Service is very poor."  he aplogized a week after my last email to him and sent a check for $100 to apologize for the inconvenience. Now that was a class act. Thanks Brian." "Spoke with Britt who was very nice and accommodating. We were trying to find replacement parts for our windows as one of the counterbalances is bent. He took our part   and no real concern by owners over customer service or satisfaction (he did call after my designer told him I was upset. Chalked it up to improper expectations. We traded messages and he chose not to return my call back).   So...if you want great windows and are ok with poor service  and it is beautiful. The installers did a fantastic job! The service we received from day one was professional and courteous. We initially had to put a temporary hold on our order given an unforeseen circumstance "Can you review water?  I think so.  I hope so since we're mostly made up of water and so is the Earth.  Great price I go out of my way to come here and each time I go to fill my water bottles The shaved ice is amazing!  They have every flavor you can imagine!!!  Outstanding! I've been getting my water here for years. Great water and great service. Also sell other products like shower filters. Love the shaved ice! Lemon and cotton candy are my favorite! The friendly staff make every visit enjoyable. Being an animal lover and a shaved ice lover - this place gets FIVE stars."  none of that scary artificial stuff. Denise was very friendly and welcoming. She actually takes the time to shave the ice and is not stingy with the flavoring. As I waited around I noticed the different water bottles from liters to gallons. One caught my eye of course OuRFI9c8s73i9whoTApxdQ The best water ever!!!!!!!!! Plus when you go in there you are  like family . Denise is wonderful you get to see the dog and you just feel warm and loved . The service at water connection is fantabulous! All of the workers are so nice!The sour spray is sooo good. I do recommend this an afternoon snack!Have Fun! Love this place!! I have been going there since I moved to the neighborhood about 10 years ago.They have the best Hawaiian shaved ice in AZ.  it was ready to go. The employees were awesome. I couldn't ask for a better experience."  they'll take your used electronics and recycle them to Strut and Westech.  Other than that amazing and awesome convenience "These guys are awesome! Had a technical failure with a BMW remote key access and they provided a solution  and their prices are just right. Where else can you get your car's auto entry lock checked and installed for less than $5." It's nice to know that there is a place where you can usually get something that you need that is not carried by many other places.  They even will replace your iPhone battery!  Of course they sell more than just batteries we also have a great selection of lightbulbs.  I also bought a 6 V trickle charger while I was there. I highly recommend Batteries Plus Bulbs anytime you need a battery or bulb."  the vibe here was pretty negative. I get a feeling like the staff doesn't really want any business.  On one occasion I was in to purchase 4 small rechargeable batteries "If it has a battery and you need one just go to Batteries Plus. They have it and if they don't you don't need it.  Don't waste your time driving around to other places looking for a battery - save time Disclosure: the firm drew up the blueprints and colorboard for our condo in the Biltmore area If you are in need of a great visionary then Hayes Inc Architecture and Interiors has to top your list." Excellent Service and Great to Work With." "I was referred to Orion Mortgage after having difficulty getting a mortgage through a big name bank because they would not loan money on the house we wanted because of title issues related to a previous short sale on the house we wanted.  The issues were very common for the area because of the recent economic downfall.  Brian at Orion Mortgage used his resources to investigate the issues and explain the issues to one of his lenders so that we could get the house of our dreams.  Not only did he get this done Yr3PHmZwZYqn9YIZQ0ekWw  and strive to exceed their customer's expectations.  I would not hesitate to recommend Orion Mortgage to anyone looking to finance a new purchase or refinance an existing home loan.  They will not be disappointed!"  I would recommend his company for your mortgage needs without any hesitation. He is well versed with the industry  I got personal and expedient attention from everyone at Orion Mortgage. They helped turn what can be a stressful and difficult process into an easy and exciting one."  coupled with their inherent sense of urgency to resolve whatever was in my path to closing on a mortgage.  My case was anything but textbook but Orion knocked it out of the park "Hands down the best mortgage company around! From the moment you walk in the door they go out of their way to welcome you and make you feel like you are number one priority. Working with Brian made our first home buying process a breeze! Brian was able to make things happen that other companies could not. He's very honest and doesn't try to beat around the bush about anything! Not only is Brian great but the entire staff is as well! Everyone is on the ball and keeps you updated as things happen rather than wondering or not knowing what's going on! They are great at answering all your questions "Working with Joe and Karen at Orion Mortgage was an excellent experience.  They are top notch communicators and very knowledgeable about many different types of loans and products.  Orion Mortgage had a portal type system that was updated frequently.  With this system  I appreciated Brian Yampolsky's advice and support throught the process of securing my loan. He secured a quality lender with the rate that I sought and orchestrated a great deal in regards to my closing costs. Brian referred me to my realtor and lent support to us throughout the purchasing process. He was accessible This is the second time my husband and I have worked with them and each time has been so easy. I recommend Orion to anyone I know that needs a loan.  Joe at Orion was always very responsive and sensitive to our needs.  We closed on time and are now enjoying our new home!" "Thank you to the Orion team.  Joe was fantastic to work with from the beginning and helped me more than he knows.  His team is great to work with and explains everything that needs to be done.  With much sincerity and gratitude  fearing the home loan process. Brian made it smooth and simple. He was fantastic and easy to deal with. He made the process as painless as possible. I give Brian and Orion Mortgage Corp the highest possible praise. If you are in the market for a home "I worked with Brian and his fantastic team while purchasing my first house. Brian and his team were wonderful to work with: they answered all of my questions and were incredibly responsive to emails and phone calls. Given this was my first house purchase Joe and his team at Orion provided us with excellent service and a seamless transaction.  They went above and beyond more than once and kept us informed along the way.  I will call them again on my next deal. I had the pleasure of working with Joe at Orion when refinancing my home. He and his team were extremely helpful and made the process very straight forward. I obtained a great mortgage and everyone was so friendly and a joy to work with. I highly recommend Joe and Orion Mortgage. Brian and his team were great. They went out of their way to find us the best rates and made sure the process was as painless as possible. I would work with them again in a heartbeat. "What a great experience. I was expecting the loan process to be a painful and time consuming endeavor. Joe and his team handled everything in a prompt and professional manner Joe and his team worked above and beyond to get us into the home of our dreams. Our situation was unique and Joe did everything possible to make sure things worked out for us. Also our realtor and title agency were pleasantly surprised with Orion as it was both of their first times working with them. Compliments all the way around! We will be forever grateful for their help and support! "I've been using Bonds Alarm for just over two years and have been very happy with their service.  They are a local company and their alarm monitoring is done at Scottsdale Air Park.  The larger national companies contract with monitoring companies that can be located in any state.  I personally like knowing that my monitoring is local.  A little over two years ago when I researched and priced alarm equipment Camelback Tanning Inc.." great company and staff. We're still try to get this settled after 4 phone calls and an email. I suspect we'll just end up being a VERY unhappy customer until the second our contract expires."  but smiled the whole time. He was patient while explaining how to use the system and took his time making sure we got what we needed. Thank you so much for being one of the few family owned businesses out there that cares about their customers! HIGHLY RECOMMEND Bonds Alarm!!"  besides being upfront an honest with you.  This is not the way an honest company does honest business.  They may legally be in the right and I understand the need for them to recoup their costs (which I am 100% behind and agree with) 0tHI0-PzdFW7b9z1AJ64HQ  you should!  Their prices are great for the quality and level of service they give."  I wouldn't take my clothes anywhere else!" "I can't thank Kachina cleaners enough for their amazing service!  They are always taking care of me from red wine stains to missing buttons to my rushes ""can I have it tomorrow?""  My clothes always look perfect & are always ready on-time. I trust them with anything that I need cleaned!  Thank you!" I will never go anywhere else - Kachina Cleaners is the absolute best! They kindly accommodated my last minute rush before a business trip and the owner (Stella I think?) is the sweetest woman ever. I went to a different dry cleaner in the area needing a tight turn around time and they wouldn't accommodate. Kachina did it without hesitation and everything turned out so nice.  it was $42. I am not sure if this is a good deal or not since I have never gotten something like this dry cleaned before. What I do know is that the first place I took them to wouldn't clean them  my sheets & towels are always clean & ready on time. If they are to be closed for holidays; they always have it posted & they verbally tell me as well." "I just had air duct cleaning for my home and they did a great job.  They explained everything before and after.  They were done in the time that they alloted.  They also cleaned 2 chiminies.  They did so good that I had them come 3 days later and do air duct cleaning at my commercial building.  The a/c feels so much better and the building cools down faster.  They were a little bit more expensive in their quote than other companies  it clear that they care greatly about the end result of a project and customer satisfaction!" This place from phone call to service. The guy on the phone explained everything which actually sealed the deal. I was going to search around but after he gave his shpeal it was done. My air quality improved exponentially and I recommended to my friends. We had this company come out today to clean our air ducts and dryer vent. They showed up earlier than expected and did a thorough and efficient job! I highly recommend this company. They really know what they're doing and the guys doing the work were so nice! My house feels & smells different (in a good way!).  I am extremely happy with their service and would highly recommend them to everyone." Ok so my neighbor had a little fire and well the smoke came into my place and I had smoke damage. I was living out of hotels and my mom's house for 4 months trying to get someone to clean up the soot. I had initially called Top Hatter when this started but for some reason I passed them over. 4 months later I called again and scheduled something with Steve. I was very impressed because I let Steve know my situation and he got me the best deal on everything I needed done. These guys did an amazing job and we're just so professional. They cleaned up before they left and even impressed my parents who both now want services done. You should absolutely call these guys if you need your ducts cleaned. Please tell them I sent you. Happy customer here.  They showed up.  Covered things up and went to work.  Pretty thorough.  Price is on the higher end but I believe in You get what you pay for.  Those companies that offer the job for 100-200 dollars I would stay away from.  Mike suggested a revisit every three years. I think that's an excellent suggestion."  courteous and overall awesome. They thoroughly explained the process from start to finish and when I told them I was hoping to get rid of the smoke smell in my air ducts Best customer service that I have experienced in a long time.  AND the job was done neatly and with precision.  The technicians were very professional and friendly.  I cannot say enough good things about my experience with this company!!  informative. Did not make or leave any mess. I will definitely call them next time I need my fireplace cleaned and will call them in the near future to get my air ducts cleaned too."  but we thought it was time to clean it.  The technicians were very professional.  Thank you again for the awesome job.  Paz T."  funny and respectful! I can not stress how much I would recommend this company. Thank you guys so much AMAZING!" My property management company used Top Hatter for bulk dryer vent cleanings on our homes in Tempe. They knocked the jobs out and performed quality service. Also gave us good pricing. Invoicing system needs work but overall good company to deal with. Scheduling an appointment was easy and I was able to get an appointment for the day I wanted. The crew showed up on time and did an amazing job. I really appreciate that they are conscientious with their clean up. The price was the same as quoted -- no upsell  more so since the Orange and its kin moved into the neighborhood. They have quality products and are professionally competent "Yep. David B. Once again the wise sage atop Mount Yelp. I called another locksmith who never returned my call. I called Stagecoach and they said they could help me tomorrow. That's cool. I had a safe in my office and the batteries died and I was unable to open the safe. But you have to open the safe to put in new batteries. Suckky I know! Stagecoach called back and said they can be here in an hour. YEE HAW! Stagecoach to the rescue. I expected a horse and buggy with a rugged Michael Landon (post bed wetting problem raymond at stagecoach was awsome i brought 7 commercial locks in and they had them done in an hour and 1/2.its great to have people that will try to help when there are busy thanks guys... "Very pleased with these guys!  Locked ourselves out of the house & gave them a call.  They are just down the street so they arrived within 5 minutes of the call. He had us back in our house in no time.  The locksmith that helped us out was very polite and knowledgeable.  He even showed us we have a programmable doorknob "The man that did my locks was extremely unpleasant.   He acted like he did not want to be there and talked to me like I was stupid.  I can't stand that people that are that mean n miserable are dealing with the public.   There was another man that I got the time before who was very personable and really sweet.  So he's great.  But this guy working nights that's on call  Great place. Has been here forever. They always cut a good key. Cant say that for ACE or Home Depot.  and they were able to help me out and get me back on the road!  Thank you for the help!" "Had an emergency & would not give me time of day. Used in past but would never  comfortable for the last 3 years....until management changed. The new manager's family now owns the property and he is letting in every gang-banger in town move it. Not only are the neighbors totally intimidating Rebecca's review from April 2010 of the property is unfortunately quite accurate and I wholeheartedly agree with the reviewers thoughts. The landscaping is no longer attended to in a timely manner. The maintenance request take longer and the solution tends to be a band-aid rather than a true fix. The primary contact in the office (16-20 years old ) speaks broken English does not appear to have any property management experience let alone client interaction/customer service. These may be indications that the low occupancy rates will remain or as Rebecca mentioned the new occupants will be those who typically reside in subsidized housing. ANDEE S. of Marketing: You are just FULL OF IT!  But your job is to B.S. people  lot of gaps and crevices available for critters. I'm dealing with a roach problem"  you really want some peace and quiet when you are home. I will admit I'm not a fan of having to pay for laundry but it's a small price to pay for the location and service Monica provides. I'm guessing the previous poor reviews were due to the previous property management which is a shame because Monica has been nothing but a true delight to work with. She is so welcoming and always  having any repairs completed or questions answered within an hour or two. To find a comfortable living space in Arcadia at this price point is nearly unheard of - I urge any potential tenants to meet with Monica and check out a unit for themselves."  helpful and always there when you need them.   Definitely recommend this as a place to call home for those who are tired of large apartment complexes where you're just another renter. :)" Grounds are kept clean and well lit. Im a single female and have always felt safe here."  Monica wasted money on those lights when they could have gone to improvements in the community. Monica lied to me and made it very difficult for me to get my security deposit (its been over three weeks now and I have not got it). Monica would send me emails threatening to fine me for things that I did not do (nor did she have proof) just to intimidate me and cause me financial harm. I also had to explain to Monica what renters insurance versus liability insurance was because my apartment flooded while I was away and no one told me. DO NOT MOVE IN HERE. Monica and her ""boss"" have both provide them selves unprofessional and incompetent."  Damion are amazing. They are really doing a GREAT job. Everything is taken care within 24 hours and the location is perfect. I'm very happy to live here." "I have been living at Escondido apartments for almost a year and a half. I was living out of state when I found the apartments and had to find something fast so I called the office and Monica was super helpful and got me into a apartment with no hassle. I've really enjoyed living here  deceiving and harassing."  I have no interest in going back.  Once you mistreat my wife If you need pool products at a reduced cost (they periodically send me coupons)  which turned murky with dirt.  To make matters worse my (old) Kreepy Krauly died on me at the same time.   This store not only had the parts it needed  defending all of his employees unprofessional behavior but Yelp only allows so much space. Feel free to check out the full review on the Better Business Bureau of AZ website. But the bottom line is these guys are liars and can't complete basic pool service. There are plenty of pool companies who actually want your business and will do a great job  Rick was able to cut the cost down from the initial estimate he quoted us for the repair of three blinds/shades.  We were very pleased with Jeannie's Blind Repair He fixed the tilt problem and replaced broken gears while I waited ( about 5 minutes). He gave me good instructions for rehanging my miniblind. The price was very reasonable and he even carried the blind in and out from my car to the shop. This is the second time I have used this company and would highly recommend them to anyone. Just leave a message and they will call you back.  great value and service versus buying new at %-10X the cost. Will use again." Went on their website and requested a callback 3 days ago. Still waiting for them to call. I don't normally leave reviews but Heath was so amazing and helpful I wanted to share my great experience. A rescue dog ate 6 (yes 6!) sets of my plantation shutters :( Heath was so awesome he took such great care of me!! He was so honest and genuine and even followed up with me to make sure I was happy afterwards. Such a rare thing these days to know you are being taken care of by a good person. I would recommend him to anyone looking for quality blind repair.  and they were fixed in minutes! The price was very fair compared to what we were quoted elsewhere. We would definitely return for any future blinds repair!" They've fixed many of my blinds over the years. Always did a great job. To the rude person above. THIS IS HOW THEY STAY IN BUSINESS EVERY MONTH BESIDES OCTOBER." Stopped in to buy a costume (FBI) because other reviews said they had some but they don't. This is a small store specializing in spy type equipment. Very friendly and customer service oriented but very limited in their variety.  which there was one in Portland where I just moved." I needed a cane for a surgery I had on my knee. Oh I scored one alright...if you untwist it...it unsheathes into a sword! 007 Bond status! I have dealt with Andrea Kahan and her team at DHI Title on numerous transactions. The main thing that I look for in a title company when closing on a home is response time and fee structure. They excel at both and constantly outwork their competition. I recommend them to all of my clients because of this. "I have worked with Andrea Kahan at DHI title on marketing materials. Their Graphic Arts department does an amazing job on my marketing pieces "Karen at this office is fantastic.  She has a real passion for helping others Karen is fantastic! She is extremely knowledgable in what she does and makes sure that everyone she works with has a smooth transition with their home buying process. I would refer any of my home buying friends to her in a heartbeat.  won't return calls or emails. They were suppose to set up a web site for our community and that turned out to be a joke. One of the homes on our street is a total pig pen It's just a nice hidden gem if you are looking for a place where people still walk around and pay attention to each other.  Where you can be as active or sedate as you want to and be assured of a caring staff and neighbors." "This place is amazing! We searched all over the greater Phoenix area to look for a place to settle in. The view is spectacular! Surrounded by mountains and the sunset are breathtaking. Very close to highways so it's easy to get anywhere. You don't feel like you're in the city. The people here are very friendly. There's lots of activities to keep us busy. There is a beautiful heated pool Its up side you do have security gates and the view is beautiful." The negative experience of having to live in a construction zone is hazardous to even healthy lungs let alone senior ones.  In my opinion the owners of this park is subjecting themselves to law suits because of insufficient warning of when construction action is to be done. I hold the park responsible for any breathing issues or hospital costs that might be incurred as I was not given sufficient notice to vacate the premises. If I could not have been out of here by Oct I wanted to vacate the premises and in order to do that I expected the courtesy of at least a week or two notice prior to the actual digging. Is this any way to run a community?" "This is the second time I had this company clean for me.... First time they left our pool gate open with a toddler in the house and outside hose running.....This most recent time they did a horrible job. Had to have them back and then they still didn't get things clean. Screens still streaked and dirty "Terrible as most said something changed. They hire people as needed with no experience with window cleaning. They do not power wash screens any more Honest and fair would be the words I'd use." I have to say I'm surprised they are still in Buisness as they are so rude and unprofessional.  Asked about having a key cut and when quoted a price I questioned why was it so high as the last time I was there it was $12 now it's $44  and he went off on me and told me go get it somewhere else and was laughing it off like some kind of clown.  I will never go back there ever again and recommend anybody else to look else where. The worst company! I had called yesterday and made an appointment to have them come out and make a key for my work truck. they gave me a time frame between 8:30 - 10:00. I call at 10:00 to make sure they were coming out still and they said they don't have anything on the schedule for me and wont make it out. This is the only number I called and they were stating I talked to a different company. HORRIBLE customer service.........highly recommend not to use!!!  awful customer service.. Oh and the kicker.. I deposited a trust fund check.. From Vanguard!! They wouldn't let me have it for 10-14 days.. Despite that Vanguard had cleared the check with them.. I'm guaranteeing BofA made interest off of my $7k! Don't get me started on what they have done to our housing market.. Ahh.. Thank God I can bank with USAA.." I stopped in this branch yesterday to close the account and was surprised how little they seemed to care. We exchanged greetings and chatted about our Halloween and what each of us were doing. I told him I needed to close both my savings and checking account  and eagerly await my turn so I can finish up and enjoy the rest of my day off. Fortunately they seems to be wrapping up.  I may update further at a later time pending the outcome here."  needed to cash a check and get larger bills for a cash payment she was slow and not a pleasure."  they won't do you the courtesy of speaking with you unless something goes wrong with their machines. A malfunction that is their fault WILL become your responsibility and your problem in that they will require YOU to dispute their practices  Oregon  It looks like a calculated move to force customers to online banking. They have even done away with the drive up window. The tellers that work there are very nice and very efficient.  Have been banking at this bank(building) since1974 but I am looking at other options since I like banking in person.   What they will do is force customers to other banks. In the last few weeks I have  have been in several smaller banks in Medford in the last few weeks and I noticed much smaller or no lines with lots of tellers!"  I Got approved in less than 10 mins! Great Job to Mr. Robles.." "My father passed away suddenly in October. I am the personal rep of his estate. He had a bank account at BoFA. I went to this location and worked with David. I get in his office and he's blasting his music. I love rap as much as the next person but after telling him about my father he continues to let his music play which is offensive (cussing) and loud. I told him I needed an estate account per my lawyer. He instead tries to talk me into having a check sent to me for the balance. I told him again I needed an estate account. During my time there he was cussing and making in appropriate comments. He said I wouldn't have access to the money until Monday (The date I was there was a Friday) because a person can't open and close an account the same day. This is not what I was told at another branch but I didn't argue. I asked to set an appointment for Monday. He instead insisted that I text his ""personal cell phone"". Monday comes and I text him around 430p AND call him (he didn't answer so I left a VM)as I was busy all day and he texts back at 4:57pm and tells me it's too late they close at 5pm. I'm pretty upset at this point. I tell him via text since he wouldn't return my call that I would have preferred to set an appt. He said ""that's why I was setting the expectation that I will work around you"". I ask if he can please set an appt for me for Tuesday and that I'd prefer to work with someone else. He ignores my request and continues to text me that this is my fault I wasn't able to come in. I tell him I want to speak with a manager and would like his managers name he texts back (Nope sorry can't do that). He finally calls me (it's going on 520-530 now) and finally sets an appt for the following day. My mom and I come in the next day (I didn't feel comfortable going alone) Horrible customer service. This place is why I switched all but 1 account away from BOA to USAA. I went into this branch needing $60 in quarters and got into the 8 person line. A guy comes in behind me needing $25 in $1s. The reception guy at the podium asked what he needed and went and got his 25 $1s. So I asked about getting my quarters. I was told there's only 2 people in front of you you will be fine waiting. Between those 2 people and 2 at the counter it took 23 minutes to get my quarters as he continued to help people walking in the door. So in the end it took 40 minutes to get quarters. I will have to remember to stop on my way home from work elsewhere. Walked in to talk to personal banker about closing accounts. He directed me to main counter. Waited 20 minutes in line that went to entrance door to talk to person at counter. They directed me back to personal banker. Took nearly one hour to close out my accounts. Not the type of service I would expect. They mentioned the weekend after the first of the month is always busy. Perhaps time to staff for these occasions if you know they will be busy. "All of your lamp repair needs!  I recently started using them to rewire lamps and fixtures.  If there are ANY odd parts you can't find for your lamps this is THE place you will find them.  Place is loaded loaded with older lamp parts!  They are a little growly at times I would suggest this place to anyone looking for any lighting repair or parts. Even if you can get what you need at the big box store I highly recommend this shop! They went out of their way to fix my unique lamp that required extensive repairs & still kept it within my budget. They are very honest & have integrity in their work. A very pleasant find. I can't say enough good things about them! We saw some very negative reviews and wanted to make certain that we share our very positive experience. Nyla & Dave"  found what i needed quickly and i was on my way. Seemed pricey for a piece of glass but then... nobody else in town had it! Service was friendly and they even handed me a tape measure/flashlight/bottle opener on my way out which i will keep in the car."  too.  This is a one stop shop for anything to do with lighting. And it will be done correctly.  Nuff said."  and if you need something that they have go for it...just make sure that you clearly understand which return policy they're using that day." Time to shut down & retire old broad." Very friendly customer service! Extremely helpful! Love this place! Repaired several of our lamps! So happy we found this place!  did good work and sometimes didn't even charge for teaching me how to do my own repair!"   so I went back and actually brought in a chandelier to see how much it would be to rewire.  They were again very rude and unhelpful and told me it would be too expensive and not worth it  I highly recommend this place. We will definitely be going back there again when we save up enough money  and find enough time to tile our kitchen floor."  and they were in and out without trying to force a sale on me.  I liked this so my husband and I met with them on a Sunday in their shop (they opened to accomodate us) and they were friendly and honest from the get go.  They told us that we could probably find a cheaper alternative but the quality and service most likely wouldn't compare to theirs.  They said they aren't the cheapest but definitely not the most expensive.  They have a wide range of styles and price options available.  Once we placed our order Thank you Tom and Christine! It was a pleasure to meet you :)" "This place is amazing! They recently installed laminate floors in our house and the service was exceptional from the moment I walked into their store. The lady working their was extremely friendly and very helpful. The owners are very easy to work and professional. I changed my mind several times throughout the project and they continued to support the changes with a smile. George "My AC went out. Found Howard air thru Angies.  They responded quickly.  The tech was very knowledgeable and professional.  The reason I gave them three stars was that their prices were sky high "Howard Air came out to fix an A/C problem we had in our rental home. Our property management company sent them out. I found them to be very unresponsive when I would call or they would tell me they would call me back. Usually a week went by before I had to eventually call them again to find out what was going on. I think they came out 4 different times before they actually fixed the problem My service today was outstanding. They friendly and honest and told me the bare bones if my a/c problems and offered ideas and different solutions for me to choose from. I would call them again anytime I need heating and air service. Thank you Bryan. Medel. I am grateful for the excellent customer service!  kind and well informed.  He spent a great deal of time assessing the problem and not only took care of everything but went the extra mile.   He spent time to educate me on setting my thermostat so that it runs more efficiently and will certainly reflect in my electricity bill.  This is the BEST experience i have ever had starting with the person making the appointment to the service tech.  OUTSTANDING!!!!!!"  gave us the skinny on current Trane units and sold us an 18 SEER multi-stage unit the eoc-friendliness of which I was more than ready for. 2 days before they arrived for the install the old unit froze up and was virtually useless and we didn't sleep for 2 nights. The install went off seemlessly and they left no trace of having been here from the attic to the backyard. They did a full replacement of all components including ductwork  but thus far the experience has been nothing but blue skies and fresh (cold) - air.  Compliments and thanks to Joel of Howard Air"  thanks for doing such a great job for us and we look forward to having you come out again for our next service this coming fall for the heat pump.  Great job Howard Air!"  2-stage compressor and 0% interest 5 yr.financing. The guys were there at the pre-arranged time and gone within 7 or 8 hours leaving no trace except cooler air. The entire system from the pad to the thermostat were replaced.We may have paid a little more than we could have but I felt comfortable that Trane designates them as one of it's authorized dealers and they have a nearly 100% satisfaction rating on Trane's site. The price seemed a bit high but they also gave us 0% 5 yr financing and 10 years of labor to cover the 10 - 12 year Trane parts warranty  fast and affordable! We had a leak coming through one of the units from the roof and they came out so fast to fix it! Every time I've ever called them with questions or concerns- they've all been just amazing and caring!!! I definitely recommend them to anyone in need of a new AC Unit or just a repair!! Thank you Howard Air!!!"  Scott.  He let us know what we needed and what our options were.  Thanks for all of the friendly and professional people that worked on our new HVAC system!"  respectful and clean. You couldn't even tell where they had been working when they left. The job went so well - there is honestly nothing more I could have hoped for. I am so pleased I went with Howard Air and will definitely recommend them to anyone." "My ac went out so I called Howard air and I could not be more pleased. They were very prompted and very courteous. If you ever have any ac problem I strongly recommend Howard air. Their prices were good and the tech ""Joel"" was quick and very nice." ae4_Zk-GH_WlbxtbLpL9MQ Very satisfied with Bryan's friendly and professional bearing.  This reflects very well on him personally and on Howard Air.  Great job to you all!  See you this coming Fall!" "Michael showed up right on time and was extremely courteous and knowledgeable. He did a great job with my AC tune-up and gave me a detailed list of options to optimize my system's performance. He also installed and set up a new digital thermostat that I had purchased. I couldn't be happier with Michael and Howard Air  the technician was very professional and got our AC blowing cold! This will be my go to AC company. Service was exceptional and price was reasonable. Highly recommended!" WORST AC COMPANY IN THE WHOLE VALLEY!  Prices are sky high!  do not use this company!  They will tell you something is wrong when there isn't!  Much more affordable and better AC companies out there.  and came back to get my A.C. unit up to par even though it's 10 years past it's general life span. Explained to me everything that was wrong with it and were willing to fix the most important issues for a reasonable price."  you do get what you pay for!  But in some cases you can get the same product(that you sell)for much much cheaper!  Your company happens to be one of those cases.  Smart people do research and find a better price.  Your profit margin is way too high! You can find some of the same ac units you sell for much cheaper." "This company is the best. We were in Phoenix at our daughters home and noticed that her AC wasn't working very well. After trying two other companies that got great Yelp reviews but disappointed "Howard Air installed a AC/Heating unit in my home in 2003.  NOTHING but problems!  Found out that they installed mismatched unit.......and so Home Warranty will not replace the system.  Also found out when technician from AC company came to service that they had installed older model then year 2003.  I would steer clear if your considering a company to install a unit in your home.  At the time this was done.....I was newly divorced ae4_Zk-GH_WlbxtbLpL9MQ have to laugh at some of these negative reviews. A HVAC company coming out at the crack of dawn is a problem!!! Yeah call Sears! You'll get a date no time. For heaven's sake. Sounds like they are negative people to begin with. This company has been around a while and they know what they are doing. Thank you for your great service. You are appreciated!! Nice to see that there's some competent technicians out there!"  I made an appointment online the night before and they were at my home the very next day. Excellent customer service!!!! HIGHLY recommend." Stay away from this company."  you will find that they are very expensive compared to other service companies." Wanted to get a sectional reupholstered and ended up with a nightmare of an experience. Worst Customer Service and follow-up appointment.  I traveled from North side of town to view Design Center.  Location was not the best but I thought it would be good once inside.  Man was sitting at desk and never bothered to greet.  Sales Person came over and I made appointment for one of Team Members to come to residence and get ideas and work quoted.  It NEVER HAPPENED.  So Disappointed that they did not even call me back to say they were too busy.  Glad this happened as I cant imagine if they actually got awarded for contract work; their follow-up would be horrible.  BUYER BEWARE!  Customer Service and Follow-up is what gets your business relayed to friends. "I've used Valley Interiors several times over the last four years for a number of projects with very good results.  Recently they made some custom cushions for a  unique elkhorn chair - very successful and at a very fair price-- and recovered dining chairs for my neighbor with excellent results.  Overall  extremely noticeable and customer service unprofessional.  rerr3@cox.net"  I'm a fan"" and I really am NOT a fan of the designer because I think she was not honest with the quote - I truly don't believe her story that she doesn't know that actual cost of the fabric and the story that their bid automatically includes a mark down for labor... she was unable to support any of this with an itemized bid - BUT any rip off here is on me for not pushing back. I'm also not a fan of Valley Interior's quality control - the initial work should have never been released as a completed job. The revised finished product is of good quality She also helped re-arrange furniture so that the room looked bigger and more appealing.  I would use Valley Interior again with the designer Lyn.  The little problems we had were fixed immediately.  Our rooms were a family room  when we were building our new home. They installed carpet in five bedrooms and wood flooring in our kitchen and living room. We could not have been happier with their services! This year they patched up a leather love seat that had the seams separating and you cannot even tell  it had been repaired! Now we are wanting to replace the carpet for some new wood floors! I think it says a lot to keep using the same company over so many years! It's nice to know that they are still in business!"  bothered to contact us. They could not even be bothered to show up for the meeting with the ROC." "This place rocks (sorry)! Most people hire a landscaper to put down gravel and boulders... which probably comes from Pioneer. Other people are nuts (like myself) and want to do the job themselves to get a great workout and save a few bucks. The employees here are knowledgable and glad to help out people who fall into either category. Several other nuts stopped in when I was there. I picked up close to a 1/2 ton of 3/4"" gravel and 500lbs of boulders for $70... using my own truck saved a $60-80 delivery fee (a sheet of plywood helps if your pickup's bedliner is corrugated). Its addictive... already planning a return trip."  they sent us over to their lot to pick up the rocks. We drove over next to the pile of rocks we wanted and the tractor came over  just getting their work done like it was a chore. Not sure if I walked in after a fight or if that's the way it is all the time."  then it ends up on your receipt. Check your receipt before you walk out the door....." OK on the phone but rude and unhelpful in person. Guys working here made some smart and unnecessary comments while we came to pick up a sample. MDI Rock down the road was more helpful. "I bought something called rip-rap.  Looked great in the display area all big rocks.  What I got was a load with 12"" of dirt and mulch and stuff that I did not want anywhere my yard.  Naturally the dirt and mulch was hidden on the bottom of the dump truck.  After dumping I had 12  inches if garbage on the top of my pile that I had to sift through and dispose of.  The brochure apparently says they can include up to 50% of this garbage.  Funny how the sample in the display area had no dirt and mulch.  The manager was supposed to contact me but he blew me off so here is their review  and you know how I like a free 'droiding :-)" "Sold me the world's worst phone without telling me the Droid was comming out in 2 weeks. Stuck with a Samsung SEGA for another 6 months. Does all tech stuff great. Sucks as a phone. Can't hear a86O40QjwMxqaQYo9ZBM3Q  I'd go so far as to suggest I hate them - but the service here as actually outstanding from the moment I walked in the door until the time I left.  Worked with a young man named Preston who set up my new phone  and they even gave us a discount for our patience along with a pretty substantial discount for the phones we were turning in. Juan was the manager that night and he was fun "The customer service at this place is awful. I waited for 15 minutes before I was put on a waiting list to wait even longer. Then on the waiting list  terrible customer service. Wanted nothing to do with me since all I needed was a phone case. Probably could have upgraded my phone. Camelback location here I come."  kind and efficient. My new iPhone had to be ordered. When it came in I went back to Verizon to have it activated and set up. I asked specifically for Khloe. Again she was very friendly and knowledgeable and made the normally dreaded experience a pleasant one!" Horrible customer service. They seem to not understand the concept of a customer service desk for simple returns and exchanges and non-accounts related questions. All it takes is one customer service rep to be dedicated for minor small issues. The rest of the longer process questions can go through the normal process but find a way to get the quick ones out faster. This is just common sense waiting an hour in order to process a minute exchange was ridiculous.  but you guys went from being my favorite store to me just making my purchase from Amazon online. Your smart mouth sales person at the door "I've had some problems in the past with this place's  customer service but I went here the other day and its improved but there is still a long way to go. I was expecting to wait around 20 minutes to be helped but I was helped in about 10 minutes. Even though I was at the store for 3 hours My husband and I both upgraded and received great customer service from JR. We went to upgrade his phone and then upgraded mine because it was so fast. Great service :)  he said go ahead and that the new company would be able to take over our numbers!  Wow.  The funny thing is when i called the main Customer Service center about another issue i had with this store a couple of weeks ago they told me this store sucks and they get so many complaints about it.  I suggest if you want to stay with Verizon to pick a different store." We waited for over an hour and a half for associate Gina to stop smacking her gum and flirting with customers just to get a replacement phone that we had already ordered. She was so dumb and did not seem like she knew what she was doing. Kept walking away when we needed answers to questions and gave us two wrong customer service numbers. Super unimpressed and aggravated with the service we got. Makes us think twice about having this phone service. Too many problems with this store to list and I'm not the only one! The reviews speak for themselves. POOR SERVICE AT BEST!"  answered the phone and told me to just come into the store instead because he couldn't promise that my In store pick would be ready but the store could process a new order. I was very irritated as I had gone through the entire checkout process but needed to catch a flight so rushed over to the store. I waited for 20 minutes before Greg came to assist me. I told him I knew exactly what I wanted so this should be quick. He returned with my new phone and a screen protector which I never even asked for and he added it on to my transaction as if I had to purchase it. After he input my account info he asked for a signature which at that point I asked what insurance he selected. He never asked me and again defaulted to what he thought I should have. I said please change it to the one I wanted. He began loudly questioning me as to why I didn't want the coverage he selected. I was beyond irritated at this point and rolled my eyes at his aggressive behavior. At that point he lost his mind and started yelling at me that I would be without a phone with my insurance for 3 days and  made a comment about me rolling my eyes. It was actually scary  pushy and exspensive.  Sadly they have the best cell coverage around."  and he was so helpful and friendly that I felt compelled to write a review. I would venture to say that in all the years I've been going to Verizon for my cell services  change from the two year contract to the new Verizon 6 GB plan and I want to have $300 credited towards our purchase for the new phones OR I'll accept a statement credit. That's it."  some thing are good and some things need work. The managers in this store are fast food employees that need to be taught that we  it's a high pressure commission based environment.   Once they have your money and you under contract they could care less about helping you with anything.  Tech Supprt at 611 is worthless for any real problems and they send you to a store to sell you stuff you don't need.  Verizon sucks but they are all pretty much the same." Verizon has to do something about the morons supposedly managing this store. I agree with the comment made earlier that they are fast food caliber at best. When I asked the manager for his name he literally took his hand and hid his name - too afraid to let me know. The good news is everyone saw the kind of 'disservice ' they deliver at this store.  Customers and staff alike. Avoid this place if at all possible. 2 trips; 2 nightmares. "I went in yesterday to trade in my phone for a new iPhone 6S Plus.  Ali helped me (with backup from Theresa the manager).  The team work in the store was evident with the manager backing people up.  Ali was competent I won't be renewing my contract." "great customer service by Troy. We moved from a blackberry to a galaxy S7 and Troy was very helpful explaining everything and the new plan we qualified for is GREAT! Part of the plan includes a Samsung tablet  as I will still return for more abuse in the future." Great customer  service. Omar was very nice and helpful. They  took their time and helped me with the purchase  of my phone. I would definitely  recommend  them. "Every time...every time we get a new smartphone (we have five on our plan) something gets screwed up.  Last time it screwed up my husbands work email when I got a new phone (go figure) and made him look bad for his clients who contact him via email.  Lots of time wasted figuring out what was going wrong.  This time I have used Bestway for 5 years and the service has been great. Bob is on the job like clockwork and the pool always looks great. It went cloudy once after a big storm and he came right out to check it - no extra charge. Prices are very reasonable too. Would highly recommend this company! "Being a new pool owner I was frustrated with a green cloudy pool.  Bob was the only person who came out on a Saturday on Memorial Day Weekend when I was desperate to get my pool clear.  He spent time educating me on my pool system and I never felt like he was pushing to sell any services.  If you are a DIY'er and need help "Bestway Pool service has literally been the best way for me to go for my pool service! Friendly  but when it was all said and done it was roughly $500.00 over the amount. when I called S__tt he tried to tell me I must have written the quotes incorrectly. He told me he'd look into it and call me back. Never heard from him again. Yep Communication was horrible. I asked from the very beginning what my cost were going to be and I got an amount. From that point on it I felt that every time they talked to me that number got larger and larger. I had multiple expenses that i had to pay for with very short notice. Contact between my lender and I was nonexistent. He would say I would get a call from him and they never happened. I gave him the benefit of the doubt several times knowing that he may be busy or it maybe because of the holidays but it NEVER improved. It's nothing personal it is just not the way I would handle a relationship between a client and myself. My closing date changed and no one bothered to tell me or inform me why. I had to send out a very blunt and strongly worded email on Christmas Day because no one seemed to care about me and my first home purchase. I've worked in real estate industry before so I get what it's like. I understand things happen and things change last minute. It is just they way things will go sometimes but not returning a call text or email for several days is simply unacceptable. With technology today it's not hard to simply respond with a quick answer saying that you will get back to someone and then actually follow through with it. The Freeman Team was recommended to me by my realtor (who by the way was amazing) and I've shared with him in detail my experience and how I would not recommend him for other clients. There are so many examples of things that went wrong that could have been avoided or at least give me more of a notice before I had to do something. I felt bad for Jonathan for having to break bad news to me over and over again for things like something is going to cost more money or the appraisal had to be paid for up front and it's not going to be billed to escrow like I was told it I have to take an 8 hour online class (which of course cost more money) and only have 24 hours to do it. I was just going to let this go but I have been getting an email every day for the past 5 days asking me to give my feedback so I guess they really wanted it. So here it is!!! In a nut shell the communication was so bad I don't know if the ""Senior Loan Officer"" actually did any work besides send me automated email that get sent out to everyone when they have reached certain points in the loan. The last week of closing I honestly wanted to throw my hand up in the air and walk way from buying the house. Had I'd been able to do so without losing out on a lot of money and of course the legal binding contract I signed to purchase my new home I would have. No one deserves service like this and if someone thinks that they can provide this wonderful level of service and get away with it then they have another thing coming to them. I want to stress that I have no personal issues with anyone who was involved and I am grateful for the help that I did get. I simply just feel that there are a lot of other people out there who would work a lot harder for a lot less. Jonathan and Cami you were great and thank you again for all your support"  they will be told to leave. They will be told you don't provide any services at the locations and if anyone could single handedly ruining your professional image I will vehemently discourage others from using Corporate Office Centers as they are a complete rip-off. I have heard this tale of woe from others who were lured in and are now stuck. If you need an office space "My father and I started a Real estate brokerage about a year and half ago and took a leap of faith and moved our compnay to the Corporate Office Center on Shea.  Our experience here as been unbelievable. The entire staff including Dina Gibson the client service manager Regus bought out corporate office center. It is still an excellent office setting."  it makes sense to work with the best and that's what the Russell Shaw group is all about.  We are on home #4 and every one has been easy  our house closed 2/29/16 and the blue lockbox is still hanging in our door 3/10. She was rude when I needed info regarding who treated our house for termites. I would never recommend them to work with." You cannot go wrong with Shaw."  but I got the same result as if I had. I would not hire them if Russell Shaw himself came by and offered his services for free. They are doing a disservice to their clients 2U_6CXd9qUvliVRHRvM2uQ forget it called these guys in march right before I was laying down new gravel and was told by carol who seemed nice {the worlds full of nice people}that it would be better to wait until after the gravel was down then they would be out to spray .Well ive had to call them I think 3or 4 times now to respray and who knows if they even sprayed I cant tell and they are not service oriented enough to have the service man knock on my door they just toss the door knocker on the ground and see ya .Also one of their field guys called me to ask if there has been any changes to the area I said no we just layed down new gravel before it was sprayed {which is what I was told to do by Carol} and he said oh yup that's why your getting weed growth.... cmon man. }and also told me that he would go ahead and warranty it  GEE THANKS ..well I guess im just another idiot Scottsdale resident who hasn't worked in the field at all and should get ripped off because I don't know the difference yeah let me go sand the callouses off my hands and dial up another company "Two Men And A Truck made my move as seamless as it could be.  I moved the day before Thanksgiving and they were available which was great.  They arrived on time We had planned to also use this company for my partner's move in two weeks but  I think we could have left the house and gone to the new place a few hours later just to tell them where to put the heavy furniture. Great job Anyway... I cannot thank my movers enough for their help."  they never did charge us (because we had done nothing wrong) and we ended up with a much better company (Camelback Movers) for a lower rate."  however I didn't want to bother with the issue anymore so I told him it was fine. I will listen to the reviews more closely the next time I move and avoid this business like the plague."  one of which I have used in the past (hint they have a 4.5 star rating with over 100 excellent reviews - they're in the CAMELBACK area) that I was extremely happy with.  The only reason I didn't use them for this move is that they said they have a minimum charge for a job and that it would not make sense for me to pay that to move just one item.  In other words they were honest." I would give this company 10 stars if possible! Thank you everyone who helped us from beginning to end of this process. It made our move so much easier! I will highly recommend to everyone!" I would definitely recommend them! 10/10" "You can't go wrong using these guys!  They fix all you electrical and Data problems.  They work on huge projects but they still care about the little ones too! Don't feel like your wasting their time for such a small job.  They will be there on time and will have the solution your looking for!  I highly recommend this company I hope I don't have any electrical problems in the future "I need a outlet put in my garage. I called Micor and Ronnie called me back a little while later. He came to give me an estimate very quickly and were reasonable. After my esitimate  and I am still trying to get my money back. Do not do business with these people." I have gone to their store and found that they were extremely helpful. I explained what type of pump I need and the weird connection. They mad it work. I always them! G1Nh54Z7RIOZsyKrYa3MFw I had a great experience with Aquatec. They installed a water feature in my front yard and did a great job. They were also reasonably priced. Will be using them again for my future fountain needs.  Fountains don't need this too often - every 4-5 years for a Canterra fountain but they truly need it and what a difference! My fountain looks newer  they do look like new! Thanks for that." "I highly recommend Sit-Well Upholstery! I also researched places to take my half finished chair and was nervous it wouldn't be perfect as none of places have many reviews. I picked Sit-Well because it was close and I liked what I read. It was truly the best decision as they went far beyond the project and did an excellent job. True perfectionists and fast too. I was trying to reupholster my nursery chair and realized halfway in I was over my head. Called Saturday morning and Mike told me to bring it on in and he could finish it (for a very low price). The guys at the shop were wonderful  the quality of workmanship was impressive.  I am very satisfied of how  my chair and ottoman turn out.  I would recommend Sit Well Upholstery."  they're not just good upholstery people they're good people."  chairs were pretty bad. I know this story isn't much about them but I had to vent. These guys were super nice super fast and super accommodating. Rick helped me out and went out if his way to help me out in a bad way. Thanks guys" "After getting lost and calling for directions and telling ""Rick"" I was close and would be there in five minutes I arrived to find a dirty place. I went in and it appeared no one was there finally I see a rather large woman sitting behind a desk (she never moved) and said Rick just left for an appointment.  I told her I just spoke to Rick and told him I was five minutes away. She said I could leave what I needed upholstered! Really I would just leave it there with no discussions about what I wanted done and price. The place was nasty and dirty so no way would I have left anything there. I will be looking elsewhere for a decent company." I'm gonna buy an old crappy couch just so I can enjoy Rick's good service and have an excuse to be in the area again for breakfast."  fast and efficient. The quality of the materials used were top notch and the price was very reasonable. I will never use another upholstery company again."  our sofas' cushions have been restored to like-new comfy seating!  Thank you Sit-Well for your amazing professional service!"  I have not come across a more unprofessional business with such shoddy workmanship and  no customer care. Our trust in SIT WELL based on the words of one of the co-owners was completely destroyed." "I am over the moon with my ""new"" sofa. Sitwell did an excellent job. They came to my house with an excellent selection of fabrics. They gave me a fair quote (I had shopped around). They picked it up Based on yelp reviews I took a chance and it paid off. Frank who I talked to who I believe is the owner was friendly and accurate .No surprises ! He quoted me did the job as promised and finished on the day promised . very affordable as well. All around a great experience.  Keep up the great work!" Ever looking for a furniture repair company in the area who values customer service and quick turnaround time without sacrificing quality "I filled out the ""Request an Estimate"" form on their website a few weeks ago to get an estimate for reupholstering my couch.  I even attached a picture for their reference.  A few weeks later and no response :(  I even checked the ""spam"" folder of my email to make sure no message had gotten sent there  and I was absolutely amazed at the quality of work that the team at Sit-Well did on this chair.   I absolutely love the finished project and couldn't be happier.   I will absolutely recommend this company to anyone that needs this type of work completed.  They completed the job on time  and very nice to boot." ETA: One of the chairs that was recovered (as mentioned above) needed to be fixed even though it was never used. When I arrived to my dad's I found the leather piece that was glued onto the chair (the piece that covers where the fabric meets the wood) hanging off of one side. As far as I know Sit-Well intends to fix it. I've included a photo of the two chairs (still lovely!). The chair mentioned above is the one on the right." What a pleasure to deal with. Great small family owned business  So rare these days it seems. We are so pleased with the work they did and not having to to buy new furniture. Please consider them for your business. Sitwell just reupholstered my 70s era French provincial sofa - was my mom's.  It went from an avocado green and gold embarrassment to the showpiece of my living room!!  The workmanship is simply superb - it exceeded my expectations and met all of my hopes!!!  It now looks like something out of the Restoration Hardware catalog - except it is probably much better quality!!!  Thank you Rick and company - you have some very talented craftsmen in your employ.  I have a few other well-worn treasures that will make their way to your shop for you to work your magic on!! Decided to go here to get my outdoor patio cushions reupholstered based on all the reviews. I brought my own fabric to the shop and they ended up using it on someone else's project. They have done nothing to reimburse me and they never call me back. People are not honest and has the worst customer service. Shame on them!!!!!! "Fast and even delivered our chairs to us.  Great service  and the foam replaced. My sofas are MAGNIFICENT right now and they were completed in a reasonable amount of time. I am never ever getting rid of them. These are so beautiful that I will pass them down to my children! I got great advice from the very beginning on how I could make it affordable to have my sofas redone (I am a teacher "These guys did an incredible job reupholstering some dining room chairs for us. They had an incredible selection of coverings and the leather we chose is excellent. Their work in applying the leather is flawless and they were incredibly efficient with the material leaving a lot of spare hide for potential repairs in the future. Very happy with our choice in companies I'm extremely happy with the work sit well upholstery did for me. They were fast and reasonably priced. Will definitely use them for any future needs!  and he was true to his word.  The drawer was completed in four days and you cannot tell were the repair (corner chunk 1x1 was totally chipped off) was.  The repair was totally smoothed into the surrounding area and the finished matched perfectly.  Not only were we happy with the result  I checked around to find a good upholsterer.  I called several to discuss my upholstery needs. Sit-Well was the most organized I will be coming here again for my upholstery needs." I traveled from Goodyear to have an office chair upholstered. They did a fantastic job. The chair looks like it was manufactured with the fabric. I highly recommend them. They finished in a very timely manner.  will outlive my wife and me. If you have Flexsteel furniture this is the place to take it for reupholstering because they can create a work of art with the materials you pick on a platform that is near indestructible."  I should have paid closer attention to the negative ones...they focused on the poor customer service which was the the main problem I had with them.  Like I said earlier "I'm fairly new to the valley but feel thrilled to have already found Sit-Well Upholstery. I had them make several pillows for me - various shapes and trim. The pillows came out exactly as I hoped  the owner of Sitwell himself who is now semi-retired asking if everything was satisfactory. What a surprise that in today's busy way of life that someone still cares enough about their customers to call and make sure they are completely satisfied. Thanks for a good experience." I took my coushions  from my couch and had them restuffed and they look great. Would recommend them to any one. They do a good job. And in a timely manner. They also do drapes and window treatments. It is a small operation but they did really good work.after a couple months I got a phone call and they were following up on how I felt and if I liked their work. "We were so pleased with the work done by Sit-Well Upholstery. They did a great job within a very reasonable period of time We needed custom cushions for a bay window and Sit-Well Upholstery did an awesome job. Customer Service was excellent and the finished product was perfect.  they did it at half the cost of the quote I was given by a hipster joint on 7th Ave. Thank you Sit-Well! I love my chair!" "After 10 years of AZ sun beating down on our patio cushions it was time for a face lift for them.  I searched the Internet for replacement cushions but they were a custom size and very limited in variety.   I called SitWell  and they are gorgeous. The fabric on the two chairs match each other perfectly and every last detail on the fabric is matched. They have a vine and flowers and they match from the upper floppy cushion down to the vine on the recliner portion and from the seat to the arms. The fabric is taut and only in very few areas did they made a crease. Unbelievable what a quality job they did!!! Several people have commented on the workmanship already. If you read this   I found Sit Well and could not have been more delighted.  I spoke with Shaleen who was pleasant and informative.  I took the cushions in and she and Rick the owner knew just what I needed This company covered our vintage Airstream trailers seating. They did a fabulous job and even got it back a week early. Great work and very nice people! I highly recommend them.  polite and he knew his stuff.  Cared about the little details.  Very affordable.  They are family run so you get that personal touch.  Highly recommend them."  or anything to do with window coverings  is that she charged me about 30% more than she quoted.  I was told that she could fix my slider for the $65 service charge and she would inspect the other blinds for problems.  She made a few minor repairs and found a blind that needed to be restrung.  She said the charge would be $75 "We were very pleased with this company's work.  Proprietor Cindy got back to us promptly and courteously - a couple of other companies didn't even call back.  She came for our smallish job WxEe7i-BZUcaGzO1E1vNhg Couldn't recommend them more whole-heartedly."  it's certainly not something you want to dismiss due to competition. We were looking for quality over quantity and thought Brandenburg could provide something more. Truly a disappointing experience."  work with you to make sure you understand your equipment and do the repairs and / or improvements as promised.  If there is an issue following a visit  and design so that I might make informed purchases. They brought sample surfaces and pavers to my home and escorted me to completed projects and stone yards to assist me in selecting the appropriate pool surface and decking. The contract was well elucidated and fair; I felt confident from the onset of the remodel that my project was in good hands. The work schedule went exactly as communicated and without delay "My regular pool guy was swamped after several monsoons (pun intended) and he recommended Brandenburg. My pool was going green fast after 5 days no pump. Janet got me on the list and Robert came out two days later. I couldn't be present but felt safe because Robert arrived within the scheduled time frame "Excellent experience with Brandenberg Pools. Designed and installed new spa with significant hardscape work throughout the backyard. Dave and his team were great to work with. They coordinated with our landscape contractor to create a well conceived We would recommend them unequivocally. They are a class act and real professionals. I only wish that there were others in other trades who were as good."  but also contributed ideas we hadn't even thought of and presented an artist rendering that allowed us to visualize the finished concept.  Dave and Pam held our hand during the entire process and delivered the finished product we were looking for.   If you're looking for quality work backed by integrity  having moved here recently from the Northeast. We were complete novices and the personal attention that Dave's smaller firm provides was key. Team Brandenburg could not have been more patient and professional. They helped design and coordinate the entire outdoor living area  I can say without hesitation that Brandenburg Pool and Outdoor is THE BEST pool contractor in the Valley! Look no further! They consistently demonstrate attention to detail with a relentless pursuit for the highest level of quality that always provides the ultimate level of customer service!"  who quickly scheduled to have someone come to my house within hours.  Since there had been a misunderstanding with the initial appointment scheduling  Jason who was on-site assisted to ensure the progress and fix anything that was necessary.  From start to finish our pool was completed in under four weeks!  We got to use it this week for the first time and my kids absolutely loved the baja shelf they installed!  If you want solid workmanship and a company that genuinely cares "Baker Bros ROCKS!!!  Needed new flooring.  Went to Baker Bros.  Richard helped us find EXACTLY what we wanted.  Richard took METICULOUS measurements so the order was correct.  Alex and crew arrived to install sheet vinyl and LVT (luxury vinyl tile -- which is VERY COOL STUFF!).  Everything was done professionally and courteously.  These guys knew their stuff -- the install crew of three had 35 years of experience among them.  Without a doubt "We ordered carpet for the whole house last year but could not get it installed until this year because I was recouperating from spending a month in the hospital. The installers show up on Monday and start putting down padding and I noticed its two different brands and we had paid a lot extra for upgraded pad so after several calls one guy leaves and has to pick up new padding. When he comes back it is still two different pads and all they said was it's the same (they spoke very little English). We also were charged for moving the furniture Scream and yell in your show room? Wow. You guys are liars too. That's wonderful." Horrible customer service. I was quoted a price on flooring over the phone and even met with the salesman in the showroom who confirmed the same tile and price. When it got closer to filling the paper work they doubled the price and gave me no explanation as to why. I will never buy nor recommend this company to any of my friends or family.  you should give them a call.  And even if that's all you think you want - if you're in the area you might want to go by because based on what kind of product you're using it for I even asked for a good place to eat...such a Yelper."  was less than 2 years old and only needed a recharge.  In conclusion...Batteries Plus will rip off your grandma.  Beware of the bait and switch." "These guys are great....they have every battery you could possibly want from watch batteries to laptop batteries....and all for great prices. I went in the other day to get a laptop battery after finding one online through my wife's employee discount purchase program for 101.00. However since I don't really like to wait on things....I went to this locale to see how much it would cost because I knew they had it. The battery originally cost 100.00 bucks but when I told the guy behind the counter about the deal I got online....he sold me the brand new battery for 89.00....with a one year warranty to boot. So I left the store with battery in hand....one year warranty...and a big smile on my face. Eat They had the battery in stock so it was much more convenient." Thank you Batteries Plus....Job well done." I would recommend this place if you are in search of a battery for your various needs." Great neighborhood location to recycle batteries.  fast service and I left happy. They found what I needed in a matter of seconds!"  called me back as promised on time and  with no extra charge."  but lately I was having trouble getting there before closing time. This place is open til 8pm on weekdays and 7pm on Saturdays!  Even 10-5pm on Sundays!!  This is great news." Called this store Sunday after my car would not start.  I talked to a salesperson named Josh.  I told him I was having car trouble and wanted to buy a battery for my car as well as have them install it.  He would not sell me a battery or promise that they could do any install on Sunday as there were only 2 people working that day. With service departments closed I stressed that I really needed their help and could not afford to be stranded.  Josh refused to help me and insisted that I take it to a dealership for service as my battery was probably under warranty. I stressed because it was a Sunday I did not care about a warranty.   I just wanted to buy and have a new battery installed.  This salesperson refused to help me.  Having owned my own business for many years I thought the owner of this location would like to know that they lost a sale due to the  lack of initiative and willingness to help by this staff member.  then you select the store nearest you and check stock. Then you arrive there to purchase the battery and they tell you they DO NOT HONOR THE INTERNET PRICES. When the internet site directs you to a store they should honor the price." Went here on Sunday to get batteries for our car remote and garage door opener. Took about 2 minutes total. The sales associate was super friendly and efficient. Will be coming back here in the future as needed.  and my only complaint is it once wasn't installed correctly and my car shut down dangerously while I was driving in a parking lot later that day. Other than that he said no problem I can fix all three and be ready in three hours" "Big thanks to Mike and his staff at this location! I called and asked for a particular battery  they helped several customers on the phone as well as (of course) the walkins. One recurring theme; know the model # of your laptop (or other battery powered appliance)."  new battery in my work truck and system checked within 15 minutes "Called this store last Saturday to confirm that they still had the old electronics recycling program.  Was told to ""Bring it in"". Since I live 24 miles away I drove to the store on Sunday to recycle an old PC and purchase 3 batteries and some bulbs. I was greeted by Josh who told me their bins were full and they were not accepting any materials . When I informed Josh that I made a long trip as a result of the phone conversation the prior day he said I shouldn't have been told that. He got very combative and rude. So I left the store without making any purchases I did give this store another chance and was glad that I did. Josh was very cordial and took care of a battery replacement. Good inventory and very professional. Just goes to show that anyone can have a bad day. All is well! Perfect Place to get the *Hard To Find* Battery. Nice enough staff to help me. Quick & Easy. The first time we used Davis they were fine.  I think they may have been sold after that because the last time we used them they were pretty bad.  They broke several items and made the process to get repairs done impossible.  The lady there was very curt and obnoxious.  We had items in storage that were delivered uncovered and filthy.  I would not recommend them at all.  none of the wrapping would have been done unless I asked the men to do it!  I even had to disconnect my own washer and dryer. They were slow unloading as well when we got to the destination.  After calling to complain about several things including the up charge I was told that they did not need complaining customers and to not contact them again. This is advertised as a Christian company complete with the ""God Bless"" on the receipt.  I can only surmise they are only planning to answer to a ""higher authority"" because from my point of view they sure could care less about their customers.  I feel my only recourse at this point will be to contact the BBB and possibly small claims court." LEPSr0mXqWocCtKyHrKRMw  and the bill was so reasonable I was happily surprised.  I just can't say enough good things about them.  You won't go wrong if you get them for your move." Updating my recommendation: Avoid at all costs."  and did an AMAZING job. What a house SHOULD look like after 4 people cleaned for an entire hour. However A to Z has been cleaning for me since 2007. They have never missed an appointment and always do the job I expect. I am very happy with them and would not leave for anything. Shawn the manager always seems to be there whenever I need something and makes it work out.  I too bought a groupon as a test to see if I could use them in the future. I called to reschedule my appointment 47 hours prior due to unexpected visitors and the manager was very rude and told me it had to be 48 hours and if I wanted to cancel I would be charged a 50 dollar fee. When the ladies arrived the head lady was very rude to the point I felt uncomfortable leaving them in my home for an hour alone but I did and was not impressed with their work at all  after having a baby and some surgery and moving into a new house I decided to splurge on a groupon for this service.  My husband was here when the crew came and says they were friendly and efficient and gave the full amount of service that we paid for.  When I came home "I have used A To Z Housekeeping a couple of times and have always been happy with the results. I appreciate the professionalism and excellent customer service: appointments are routinely confirmed "I have used several different cleanings services over the years. Typically I pick up a discount coupon in an effort to check them out. I like the fact that Shawn got in touch and stayed in touch all the way up to ""the crew is on their way"".  The crew consisted of four workers (which kind of overwhelmed me) but when they got here they were hard at work within a minute or two. An hour later they were on their way and I was very pleased with their work.  My only comment would be they need to get a little better vacuum! I can't account for the up and down ratings but based on the discounted price and the overall performance-I would certainly use them again!" I don't know what the previous reviewer is talking about because this company was so easy to work with.  The team continually asked if everything was to my satisfaction and if I wanted anything else done.   We were so pleased we called and got a price for once a month service so we can get a good deep clean once a month.  Now that I know how affordable it can be You would not believe how they turned a house that you wouldn't want to spend 5 minutes in to one that you can have a dinner in!  They used magic cleaners to turn a tub that had grout so discolored that you thought replacement was the only option.  A few hours with their magic work and it's new again. the same with the toilets  did excatly what I asked and finsished in a timely manner. Totally recommend them to otheres." "If I a can give a ZERO I would say that it is too much.  This company will take your credit card and charge you whatever they want.  I would rather have no one in my house than these chit chatty "I would not use this company again.  Do they clean well? YES.  But make sure you get your estimate in writing.  I was quoted a price then charged 3 times more than quoted.  I spoke with the owner to find out what was going on and he told me I was never quoted what I said I was..he was calling me a liar!!!!!  After a 5 minute conversation "We had the Maids come in and do the common rooms of our house and they did a fabulous job.  With 4 girls living in a house we get busy and can't always find time to keep the floors as clean as we'd like.  The Maids came in and did an outstanding job cleaning the house "We have been using The Maids for almost three years (10 times per year) now & they have done an outstanding job every time.  Everyone from this company is extremely professional & we always receive top-notch service.  Jessica (Team Coordinator & Business Manager) accommodates my scheduling requests each & every time and is always cheery & more than happy to assist me.  She goes out of her way to give me the dates I've requested  inexperienced and clearly not detail oriented. Their chemicals stained the kitchen sink. Had there been any compassion and/or attempt to offer some type of consolation or a smidgen of a refund on the services  shipped the order right away and 6 plus months later we are still waiting to get a return call on the past due amount let alone any money.  They never return phone calls and their staff on the phone are just plane rude.  I would not recommend buying or selling anything to them.  Our attorney's have take over this account." Please Don't Leave Your Pet in the Car!"""  they would deserve 5 stars. The worst thing is that I have seen them yelling at customers and then talk about that customer in front of other customers when that customer left. For that they deserve one star. Secondly  but that doesn't deter my 5-stars.   They really know their stuff and have gone out of their way to help us get just what we need to get the job done.  This is not a big ""corporate"" shop; it's a neighborhood hardware store franchise." ""Attitude"" in a Hardware Store....  ""go figure.""" Cannot return purchases made from other aces. But everything else is ok. Otherwise there are a bunch of people running around with ear pieces always asking someone else where something is in the store.  If this place is close and you don't want to drive to a large chain store just be prepared to camp out while you find what you want and pay more than you'd expect."  but there is always a friendly face there to ask if you need assistance and I love that!  The new US postal office they added to the back of the store makes my life so much easier.  Thanks Artie!" The staff has always been helpful. Hardware stores to go to Arties. 2 reasons  CUSTOMER SERVICE and they get you in and out your not wondering for days trying to find something and parking a block away! Instantly your greeted and escorted to the area and get what you need. Always friendly and like I said the customer service is worth the trip! Bonus if you want to wander they have everything you never new you needed and more:)" "I like shopping at Ace Hardware because I del like it's a ""small town hardware store"".  I have a hard time walking into this store because the store is too small for all of their merchandise.  Isle are small Our advice is to go to Home Depot just two miles up the road at Tatum and Bell. The prices are better  their customer service is hit or miss.   Went up to the customer service counter and stood right in front of a girl and she completely avoided me.  Would not look up or acknowledge me in any way.  I left and decided to try to do my return at the regular register and that worked fine.  When we were checking out Now for the reason I put 4 stars instead of 5. The post office is ridiculous! They are beyond slow and unhelpful. I went to mail a couple packages while I was having a key made. I was told they do not have tape to close the package or address labels. They do not provide any packing materials. Umm..it's a post office right? BUT "Well this is an interesting little store. The first thing I thought about when I first walked into the place was how this was a serious fire hazard. I mean everything is so tight and items are extremely close together. I mean the aisles.....the people.....check out counters.....merchandise.....everything is just right on top of you. If your claustrophobic this may not be a good place for you to visit. I came here to buy a couple of items during black Friday and I was royally screwed on the mail in rebate program. Don't EVER TRUST mail in rebates they are a total scam and huge waste of time....i really should have know better. I was happy with my merchandise and the customer service was okay....but I won't be back unless I absolutely can't find what I need somewhere else. Eat  etc. They are 10 times better than any Home Depot in which I've been. Artie's is small enough to get around _nYSa-i_x3AR6yXINAIrOw  they have EVERYTHING from items you would need in the kitchen to traditional hardware items and lawn and pool care.  Helpful staff for sure." Customer service is rude. I would advise shopping up the street at Home Depot I'll never go into Ace Hardware again.  Went to get medium boxes for our move.  10 boxes would have cost me $70 for 10 boxes.  Paid $18 for 10 boxes at Home Depot on Bell rd.  If they take advantage of customers for basics I'll never trust for any other purchases.  I understand if they were a bit more expensive but 6X the cost is totally ridiculous I will be back many times."  but the prices are significantly higher and often the customer service is no-where to be found. It is hard to navigate this store and my experience is that finding someone to help you is often as difficult as finding what you are looking for _nYSa-i_x3AR6yXINAIrOw  ornaments & everything for the hooikdays.  The owners wife use to be the window designer for Macy so the sample trees are gorgeous."  he looks like a pimp with his fake tan in the middle of December and bleached hair. We go back and forth which at this point he starts yelling for his employees to call the police because he is kicking me out. His store is by ""invitation"" only and I am not welcome there. Fine I start walking out and we keep talking outside where he tells I cannot return the lights because I did not put them in the box and that he is not my ""maid"". He makes more threats about calling the police and taking my license plate number down. Awesome! I ask him for his name. He refuses and asks for my name. I tell him it. I ask again for his name and refuses again. I ask if he is the owner. Nope. Are you the manager? Yes. Awesome! I leave with the lights and will never shop here again. Horrible customer service!" Not the best approach for customer loyalty / PR.."  or vocabulary to say enough nice things.  I hope you give them a shot "I just want to let you guys know that you lost out on a $1500 - $2000 window re-screening job for 20 screens and 2 sliders because no one called me after I left my contact info with the woman at the service desk on Saturday  so I walked back around to find the woman that helped me purchase the key was not at the register and in a conversation with a man in the front (who worked there). So I walked to her and said ""I already paid for this SO "" and Kept Walking she said ""OK"" and of course just as I was about to go out the door the man whom she had been talking to before in a sarcastic tone said ""suuuuure"". I had somewhere to be at the time and jumping down his throat for his unfunny joke probably still would not be worth my time. Usually I don't take mind to stupid people but when you accuse someone of being a thief at least do it to their face and if I were older as well I probably wouldn't have cared but being 20 years old I've been consistently harassed for things of the like. Even asked to empty my purse WITHOUT CAUSE "Very poor and non friendly service  Prices are outrageous. I don't understand why people shop here unless the enjoy paying high prices and enjoy non friendly employees. But Great selection of anything and everything you'll need to do any type of project highly recommend this location they seem to have more stuff than others Overpriced compared to Home Depot and there is just WAY too much clutter. Do not shop here if you are claustrophobic.  and impossible to get assistance. When you do get assistance they are usually very short and rude in their responses. They seem to be trying to sell everything but hardware (ie. jewelry I've been in a few times over the duration of my North Phoenix living and I gotta say Wasted my time going there at 658pm Friday night when their website said they closed at 8pm. Also Arties is always staffed to the max. Help usually greets you right at the door and escorts to right to where you need to be...complete with good to great knowledge of the products. Sure sometimes I want tons of choices or sonething I know Arties doesnt carry "This is a great store full of helpful people. These days a lot of us tend to gravitate toward the big box stores "I went to use the post office today and they close at 5 o'clock. I made it in with five minutes to spare and they told me they close at 4:45 and kicked me out. I have used their post office on the weekend and always received the worst service and always met with unfriendly employees. This was the straw that broke the camels back "This store has generally had good service but recently I wanted to purchase some window screens. I promptly received a call from Jeremy and he measured the windows and gave me a price. I went to pay for them and it took me over an hour to do so. I was told to go to the customer service desk and waited for a while until I asked the cashier. Artie himself came to the customer service desk Worst service I've ever had.  I go to Ace in Tempe all the time and am always treated professionally.  Arties had rude employees and were not helpful AT ALL  they really don't know anything anyway.  I will usually drive past a Home Depot to get to an Ace Hardware. It is the other way around with Artie's!  NOT the home of the helpful hardware man."  and then apparently went home for the evening. I'm new to this neighborhood and was trying to avoid shopping at Home Depot. Instead I will be telling anyone who will listen to avoid Ace Hardware whenever possible."  a ""stocking fee."" I forgot my coupon in the car and they would not apply it as I ran back inside. They no longer ask you if you need any help. The Ace on on Scottsdale Rd is much better with nicer customer service policies." Decent selection of hardware but also tons of random items. Bring your flare gun and your GPS because this place is laid out like the maze from the movie the Shining and it can be tough to find help.  the paint manager was beyond helpful and kind. He took the time to explain the different brands and help me find the perfect one. He made samples for me and was extremely helpful. I recommend this location as everyone I encountered asked me if I needed help. Great experience." "25% restocking fee?!?!?! What the heck dude? I needed a new sink washer and I unfortunatly just happened to get the wrong size. I unfortunately damaged the package it came in but didn't think it was a big deal so I took it back hoping to exchange the washer for a bigger size. They didn't have what I was looking for so naturally I wanted my money back. The cashier told me she was going to charge me a 25% restocking fee for the ""cut"" package... are you serious?! It's a home improvement store Great service friendly people alway there to help. Lots of household items to choose from. If you need help there is always someone there to help find what you need. I Wes there once when the electricity was out and they were all outside. I needed a small part to fix a water leak and they went in with a flashlight got the part and gave it to me because they couldn't ring it up. THATS CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Thanks On the positive side they have a post office inside which is super convenient  that is until I visited ardys ace on Tatum and tbird. The worst costumer service I have experienced with ace. I tried to return an item I bought the previous week with the box it came in and the card it was purchased with. They treated me very poorly as if I found the impact drill and wanted cash for it.. Never had problems returning items before. I go to Ace just about daily. I work for dutch bros coffee and servent leadership is something we practice everyday. These folks running that store could really learn somethings about treating people as people and not just another transaction. Congratulations Ardy! Lost a loyal ace customer..." "Ugh.  I really dislike this store.  The service is slow and they are always understaffed.  Nobody could help me this morning and i was looking for assistance.  Then i finally get what i think i need and i head to check out.  they had some woman right in front of me returning about 30-35 small sprinkler items and as the checkout line is backing up because the return is taking FOREVER... the other staff are not helping.  They open another checkout and help everyone behind me... so I eventually have to leave because after standing at checkout for 13 minutes Can't wait for the new Ace on 32nd & Shea!" "Love this store.  My kids love it too.  Whomever is the buyer does such a wonderful job of selecting unique and quality non-hardware items.  This is more like a general store.  It is super convenient not to have to drive all the way to Home Depot or Lowes to grab a light bulb or specialty screw. Prices are fair ARTIE WORRY ABOUT CUSTOMER SERVICE this happen WEDS DEC 16" Larry is the reason I give this store 5 stars. He is super helpful and knowledgable! Saved me headaches by taking the time to understand my need then making recommendations.  but was completely ignored.  Too bad because I will no longer come back here and will let everyone I know not to go to this location There is definitely a difference between the different Ace stores. At some Disappointed 24 yr resident of Paradise Valley.." "I went in looking for a specific product today and the man who was ""helping"" me showed me everything that wasn't what i asked for.  He then got frustrated that i wouldn't take his suggestions and instead of showing me what i originally asked for Responded promptly when emailed to set up appointment. Salesman was very helpful and installer professional. Got the screens up quickly and neatly. Pleased with their services. The oldest ones are a year old and still fit tight and are not faded at all. The new screen door is looking good too."  I relied heavily on Mike's honesty and experienced on picking out the perfect screens. The screens were ready a week later and Tom did a great job on the instilation. They deffinatly darken the rooms I had to call 3x  before I got a call back for an estimate.  Still went with the company. Paid 50% and waited 1.5 weeks before I HAD TO CALL to see what the status was...they were done but never called tell me..now let's see how long it takes before they finish the job. Frustrated customer. Good company. I had them put sun screens on 2 houses. I immediately noticed a temperature difference. They provide good customer service. Del even fixed an internal screen that was damaged free of charge. Had to come back twice to get the screens right. First guy couldn't use a measuring tape correctly.  First installer was not very friendly. Decided to do one more window on their site has email us. Filled out twice no response. So far customer service is none would use some one else if dud again "Enjoying our new sun screens! Great price I've been to this store only a few times and have great service. Yes they are a few dollars more for the chemicals than large chain pool stores but if you need help beyond the everyday maintenance these guys have been great. Trust this store and the owner and you will save yourself a ton of expense and grief." The pool accessories they stock are good quality." "Leaking spa and controller out of control. These problems were diagnosed properly and I scheduled the repair which was completed properly and I now have a spa working like it should. The store also has everything you need with people to help you if you don't know what you need. I have replaced the cover  knowledgeable staff!  I love my new hot tub cover!"  quoted inaccurately for parts and be hung up on...talk to Bob the manager.  Do yourself a favor and find another parts dealer."  as the owner(s) seem well stocked. Avoid if you can source elsewhere.   Hope BOB finds another job NOT in customer service."  I basically ""gave up"" and decided to figure things out myself.  All the phone calls to the spa manufacture(s) got me no where and hundreds of dollars to countless repair folks 