"I dropped by this Yankee Candle store on Saturday to purchase the annual Christmas present candles for my mother-in-law. Between Christmas present purchasing and people wanting their house to smell like balsam and cedar  but they seem to have all of the necessities. They have a great collection of candles! My favorites were in the ""relax"" section. Turquoise Sky & Home Sweet Home were great! I'm not a huge fan of food scented candles Never had an issue with customer service. The staff is friendly.  This store is fairly small is impeccable! ALL of my clocks are running at peak performance;they even took the time to look at my ""Black Forest"" cuckoo clocks and passed on valuable advice as to how I should maintain them. I graciously appreciate their time "Can't say enough good things about Paul's Clock Repair.  We inherited an old clock from my parents that had not worked for some time.  For a very reasonable price  which was given to me by my mother who had recently passed away.  I needed it done on a short time line since I live out-of-town and was leaving soon.  It is next to impossible to find anyone who can actually fix that type of clock especially anywhere close to where I live.  They were so accommodating and really really helped me out during a hard time.  Much thanks to Lisa for spending the time to teach my about the clock & how to take care of it and her dad for fixing it up!  My Atmos clock is now working great and looks wonderful on my mantle!" Very kind and knowledgeable. Thank you for helping us with my grandmother's grandchild clock. We appreciate your tips and got ourselves the right screws. Now it beautifully adorns our living room. Thanks again!  I am a satisfied customer. I recommend this company if you are looking for contemporary furniture with a traditional flair."  an eccentric associate greeted me. I definitely plan to return to the store in the future when I'm looking to refresh my super-comfortable family room sofa."  meaning not for small space living.  Are you a leather lover with a nice big room to furnish - go here!  Big traditional furnishings with a smattering of the unexpected to keep things interesting and fresh.  Staff is helpful but not pushy  sturdy shelves come in several stained finishes.   Arhaus delivers which is good for heavier items.  Also eye catching are their various desks.  They have a nice showroom in Shadyside across from Madmex" My sister and I are 2 professional women (Chemist Psychologist) we were surprised to witness this type of treatment from furniture salesmen. But I guess when you walk into this location with the wrong skin color you get no service... 2014MLK Day... Smh" "In the past when my husband and I needed to purchase good quality furniture we always went to Walter E Smith in the Chicago area.  Since living here we made the change to Ethan Allen.  We purchased a full living room from them this past spring and have been very happy with almost everything.  The service was great and the sales person listened to us and put together exactly what we wanted with one exception.  We asked for tables (specifically a coffee table) that could stand up to some abuse because we have a 16 month old at home.  The table he recommended is beautiful but does not at all stand up to what he said it would.  This table is only 3 1 2 months old and already has wood chipping off  even though we said we were ready to buy. Ethan Allen Pineville just didn't care. We called corporate to voice our concern and were told someone would follow up with us; of course that never happened. So the Pineville  store didn't care for our money  you definitely want to check this place out. It is a HUGE warehouse full of everything you could need for your home at awesome prices. It's not set up to look as nice as other decor stores  but sometimes you've gotta hunt and peck through their warehouse of merchandise to find just that thing you want need at the price you want to pay.  It's that giant building behind the Carolina Place mall that looks like a Home Depot at first glance." Garden Ridge has just turned into a junky flea market.  GAG !!! I'll be back for the 6'0"" Knight in Shining Armor one day!" I love this store and wish i could spend hours here"  it's probably only going to last a season or two. But do I really want to pay three times as much for something that will last forever? Sorry  is very organized.  I can spend hours upon hours in the different areas looking at merchandise for each room of the house.  From cookware to holiday items to rugs for my foyer.  And my last trip was just amazing.  I had to return to select items that were a better match for my decor.  The sales person....simply glowed and sparkled with the greatest smile. She handled the return and provided great directions to different areas I needed to visit.  Upon checking out.....I was fortunate enough to have the same salesperson...this time glowing even more as she had spent time rearranging trees that were full of glitter to keep the store in order!!!  I will return to the store for the great merchandise and the sparkling service offered by Ms. Glitter!!!"  they said they could not refund.  I thought that was petty of them to not take them back.  They still got my sale for the better quality ones.  The clerk said she was sorry.  If the management was actually sorry they would have refunded my $3.99 don't you think?" Garden Ridge is not the same...it has really gone downhill.  It seems that they have bought out other stores of items that did not sell...junky items.  Every time I go in there I can never find anyone to help me and they only have one register open. Their shopping carts are all rusty and broken. I miss the old Garden Ridge.  of what I'd want could be purchased cheaper at Wal-Mart or Target...and better quality. No wonder the store was empty. There was a sign out front saying that they're planning on revamping the store....I hope that means they'll be sharpening their pencils and cutting those prices or the next sign we'll see out front is For Lease!" Love this place. We go here every year for Christmas ornaments and decorations. I love the variety of home decor you can find here.  sometimes too much. This is the first time in my life I called a business and pressed option to speak to sales associate and had to pull over and write down a number to another state. Call that Texas number 4693407490 to ask a charlotte employee about item in the store???"  lots of spaces...Thank goodness!!! Oh! I almost forgot to talk about the candles! Tons of options to choose from "Not very impressed with my last two trips here. The prices seem to be getting higher and the quality is diminishing. I asked for help on my second trip and the two ladies were too busy talking to really care about my needs. Then I had to wait in a line of about 20 people when they had one cashier working. They ended up calling two more over I can't say I am through with this place. I'm not aware of any other spots that offer Christmas decorations or just home stuff at more affordable prices. I'll limit my visits until I find that treasure." The pricing is very reasonable (more on the 'cheap' side) and the place is huge! I recommend coming here for something specifically in mind or you will become overwhelmed very fast." wo woo wow wow. Have you seen this place. Let me tell you if you want selection its the place to go. Its huge and the prices seemed ok. I just ran in to take a quick look and almost fell over at the size of the place.  I do not have to waste my hard earned money with a company that has horrible customer service and treats me like krap. I will never shop here again."  and were promised a delivery date and window which were followed through on. Several days before our scheduled delivery we went back looking for a second couch and sideboard. The salesman was so helpful -  we told him our price range and what we were looking for and he got it right on the first shot And if you're even 1 day late they slap you with a 39.99 late fee and then you get to argue about it with someone obviously on a different continent.  It's sad to experience systems that work so obviously against the customer.  They're in the business of making money off of late fees which is never a way to make customers happy."  he took our email address ""just in case there are any changes to the pickup date"" - but of course the next day we get advertisements to the email address which was only going to be used to alert us to pickup issues. Bait and switch and charging for things behind your back.  Just be careful and you can get out with your wallet and email intact!" bqmWxho70VwNyl9yudP4Gw I plan to make Rooms to Go my place to go for any other furniture we may need. We will be in the market for a sofa or chairs coming up and this is definitely where we will begin our search."  go across the street to Ashley....... to follow up 10 30.... got a call from a regional manager apologizing for the way I was treated. After MANY phone calls they did the right thing and honored the price I paid for the sofa. I did get an apology and that did help Shouldn't even get a star b c this company is horrible b c the customer service on the phone when I was trying to pay my bill was very rude b c I was about 45mins late from the cutoff time and they charged me a late fee. I will never shop here again. Ashley furniture will get my business from now on.  the two individuals delivering the furniture were very unprofessional and cursed when we informed them of this. At first they said they are unable to do so. We contacted the customer service line and they said that the delivery service is subcontracted and they couldn't do anything. We then contacted the delivery service and they stated that they would dissemble the bedframe but would not put it back together. They then stated they need to speak with the delivery men who proceeded to make a scene in our front yard about it.  Again  and they purchased the extra warranty after being told it covered 100% of  product issues.  The quality of the furniture turned out to be very poor. The store told them that they have problems with that manufacturer all the.  The store said they were sorry the furniture  warped and the covering was peeling "The worst customer service ever! I went in for a re-selection (exchange) within 24hrs of my purchase and I was treated in the worst manner possible. They already had my money "Absolutely horrible.....I purchased a carriage bed for my daughter. She was super excited and counting down the days until arrival.  They delivered the bed without screws! Then they basically said they could do nothing for 2-3 days.  My daughter will be devastated.  I know some people may say what's a few days but tell that to a 5 year old that just saw her brother get his bed delivered. What kind of company is this? They have completely horrible So sorry to see such a wonderful company in years past ll be ok but I hope that at least one person that reads this post goes else where it is worth it. Business is only as good as your word and RTG word is useless. After buying $20000.00 worth of furniture from RTG I will never step foot in the store again. The pineville manager promised he would look into it and call me the following day. That never happened. Buy with confidence and not RTG" "It was hard to get any help and when you eventually get help they end up trying to sell you things you don't need and manipulate you to thinking you need all this extra stuff. For example all we wanted was a couch. We were told it would have been cheaper to get the set with the two tables and a lamp! Thinking back and forth on it didn't seem right. We finally read the fine line back to the sales rep and told her we didn't need to get all the extra stuff and it was apparently cheaper. Her response was ""oh I didn't know sorry"".  We eventually got what we wanted but we it seem like we had to fight our way to really get what we wanted. I felt like we were at a car dealer ship the whole time we were there! Reading the other reviews I'm hoping I get my order on time with everything in tact!" "So I've bought furniture from them before and usually it's a good experience. **BUYER BEWARE** of items sold off of the floor.  I should have stayed to look at a rug we bought off of the floor before he folded it up but Ray our sales associate was really pushy to get us to grab the car. Needless to say he was a nice salesman but he knew that the color would be off where the furniture had been sitting on it and where all the traffic from buyers would be stepping on it. Usually when it's too good to be true it is! Orig. $399 and got it for $160.....but we'll see if we can steam clean it and get some of the stain out. So don't give RAY (Asian guy) your business.....we bought a $2500 sofa set as well and he could have at least tried not to dupe us into getting the measley few dollars more commission and told us the rug wasn't worth it. Cmon man....honest living...be good to your buyers that's how you get repeat business. Instead now I have to put you on blast for being dirty! Please take into acct what others have said. The customer service was great for the most part but when you spend $2500 and you can't even tell the buyer that a $160 rug off of the floor isn't worth it I WAS CONSIDERING ADDITIONAL PURCHASES AT A LATER DATE.  BUT FORGET THIS  piece of crap and the service is appalling .Don't fall for their gift card deals like we did."  and most of it is the same no matter where it comes from.  I like the style of the furniture I bought -- it's perfect for my boys I had read so many negative reviews but was desperate to get some new and affordable furniture.  The salesman that helped us was so nice and did not put any pressure on us.  The delivery driver called 30 minutes prior to delivery and showed up promptly with our furniture.  They were polite and courteous and moved the furniture in in no time at all.  It was wrapped in pads and blankets to protect it.  30 minutes after delivery someone from the store called to see how delivery went.  I could not be more pleased with the process.  Highly recommend! "This is by far the absolute worst furniture experience I have encountered.  We visited the store on a Saturday and of course were met at the door by the hungry wolves (sales).  We informed the lady we were just looking and continued walking.  The sales lady made an annoying appearance every ten minutes.  After about an hour of looking  and other gadgets.  Everything in the store is brand-new but has a retro feel to it.  It's much more fun to browse through than Pottery Barn!  Right on IzRwj5F_3h0oIC3SIdrOEA IzRwj5F_3h0oIC3SIdrOEA The NEW look of Restoration Hardware is Big and very masculine!  Looks like a Movie Set - in a good way! The only upside is that from the reviews I've read online about the actual quality of their products "I have bought several things from this store. I've also ordered a lot from RH online. I went in a few weeks ago to order a bench to match my bed. I was disappointed that they can't ship smaller items to the store to avoid shipping charges. Other furniture stores like Pottery Barn have this option. Overall I love RH and their products Adding another two stars! My husband and I were really pleased with the customer service during our last trip to RH. We were greeted promptly by Gregory and he helped us throughout our entire purchase. He helped us to choose the right colors and products that we were going back and forth between. He was incredibly insightful. I'm not a designer and have trouble visualizing the products in my home. It can be overwhelming. I'm spending a lot of money here and I want to know what I'm choosing will look wonderful in my home! We will definitely be asking for Gregory next time we buy more furniture from RH because he designed and imagined things with us and made us feel comfortable with our ideas. His suggestions were on point and he steered us in the right direction!  I have been brought to tears and all I have gotten is a smug and condescending attitude. When I complained to one of the online managers and explained my disappointment with he had no sensitivity to all I have been through and at one point even tried to point the finger back at me. At one point told him I would be telling everyone I came in contact with and the internet media how horrible my experience has been "Absolutely terrible customer service.  Walked in and no one never said hello.  Proceeded to look around and then had a sales rep walk right by me and still I was not greeted.  Then once I needed some help I walked up to the counter and stood there for several mins before someone finally said do you need some help.  Once they answered my questions they said you welcome (following my thank you) and that was it... Not even a have a nice day once I left.  Would have been nice to have followed with ""let me know if you need help with anything else"". I felt very neglected and will not be shopping directly at this store again!!!  I've worked over 12 years of retail and this is not how its done.  Good thing I wasn't a secret shopper." I truly loved coming here right after grabbing some coffee or water from Dean & Deluca and just hanging out I have since been to the store twice and the service is on point and I am looking forward to my upcoming meeting to discuss my ideas."  ask a representative (because they will rarely approach you) which color is the cheapest and will get to you the quickest if you don't wish to wait. Lucky for us  they'll honor it. Just today I brought back in a colander that I couldn't get the sticky price tag off of (why do they do that?) and an ironing board without the packaging Still have a small problem with the fact that I am always finding myself using their 20% coupons they send me in the mail.  I guess I think it would be less of a hassle to actually lower the prices of the entire store "I generally like browsing at BB&B... but the only downside to this store is the fact that they have so much merchandise crammed into it that it can be a little messy and cluttered... especially around the holidays.  But the employees are pretty friendly and will help you if you are looking for something in particular.  I have been in a couple of times without my coupon  small furniture.... a little bit of everything for home.  I am a fan of Bed Bath & Beyond and this is a great location.  (except for a blonde that works there - she is in a pissy mood EVERY time I am in there Hands down the BEST customer service and return policy! You can return anything you buy there and they give you full credit. It is worth every penny! I love shopping here. You can use the 20% off coupons even when they're expired! Tell me any other store with this customer service and return policy. Impossible! Best hands down! Thanks BB&B! Fortunately Michael's Craft Supplies on the eastside is starting to carry more yarn and sewing items "We went here to pick out fabrics for a quilt. We used a few tables to pick out color schemes and see what we were working with. The worker walking by actually said to us  so they don't have a lot of competition.  I wish they did  experienced employees who were really helpful and they didn't act like it was a pain to wait on you.  There was an energy about the place and staff members had other staff members with whom they could consult and interact.  Now there are times when just about the only employees I see are one person staffing a cash register  this little JoAnn's packs a punch. It's got a very good fabric selection and the gals (and occasional guys) at the cutting counter are nearly always super helpful. It's rarely very busy and the sale sections are fabulous. Today a very polite employee braved calling the busy superstore location and stayed on hold for nearly 10 minutes while she and an employee there tried to locate a product for me. Well done!" I think at this point they should just close there doors on this location since the owners or manager obviously don't care. They have excellent products that you cant get anywhere else but they almost NEVER have enough staff. I have gone there on over 8 separate occations and left without the merchandise I had picked out because there was no one on the registers at all or because there was only 1 person on register and huge line of people waiting. A store is pretty much worthless if you cant pay for the items. I dont steal but I would imagine they loose a lot of stuff from people waiting for a checker too long. The store is constantly understaffed but the people who work there are extremely nice & friendly. So not a great visit but not the worst  That girl couldn't find the item that was kept behind counter. Didn't want to spend time on me because of people behind me. Other customer asked if she could call for backup.  Manager standing around said in a minute.  Continued doing nothing. I won't return to this location." This is a very solid craft store. I spend most of my time in the fleece department cause i make blankets and there selection is vast. This my place for the activities I do. Wife and I went she wanted material.  She was a counter waiting to get cut. They announced store closed and the bitch a counter said sorry we closed. I asked for manger and she was worse I said so I drove 40 min and u don't won't my money. Unreal I would DEFINITELY recommend Martin Glass to anyone!!!!" I love these guys.  I needed some glass replaced in one of my windows in a hurry because we were selling our house and closing within the week.  I contacted Martin Glass with my emergency because I couldn't get the window out easily enough to take it to them.  By that afternoon it was all fixed!  This was a huge relief and they were super helpful and friendly during the process.  picture frame glass or any other relevant projects. Such great people and great friendly service! A locally owned and operated business. That's a privilege to have in the neighborhood in this day and age! Highly recommended."  she said she didn't get to it because she was working on some 'really big' projects (ours wasn't big enough to pay attention to apparently).  When she finally got back on the line she changed her story and said that our information was now lost but she would find it and call us right back. That was two weeks ago and we haven't heard from her since. Unfortunately they were the only dealer in Madison who carried the cabinets we have and we will now have to go out of town to get our cabinets/countertops" We were contacted by Marling and decided to give them another chance. We worked with a different person (Maria) and everything has gone smoothly so far. We are currently awaiting our new kitchen cabinets/countertop  I was shocked to see something that looked nothing like the molding Julie and I identified together. I immediately called Marling. Julie was apologetic but quite firm in that Marling doesn't take responsibility for ordering errors "We were very pleased with the products and service we received from Marling Homeworks for our recent kitchen remodel. We worked with Jenny S in the Madison office. She helped us order cabinets and quartz counter tops This shop is full with charlatans that will do and say anything to sell you a bed!!! Don't make the same mistakes we made thinking this was a serious company .... IS A TRAP!!!!" I will never buy another Sleep Number Bed and would not recommend anyone else go through this headache." If you are thinking of getting a new mattress and are ""OLD SCHOOL"" like myself you really should try this place! If I didnt love my mattress soooo much and wasn't stuck in the 80's I would have walked with a new mattrress today...who knows .. maybe tomorrow!! Just letting my yelper friends know this product rocks and so do the employees here! Tell them Deb sent you...okay "I've shopped here often over the years and have always been satisfied with the products purchased or the return policy if I wasn't.  Lots of items to choose from and yet lots still unavailable that should be there.  Was in there recently to buy some new non-stick pans and asked a guy if they had individual pans of certain brands rather than just sets.  He disinterestedly showed me a few things that were already in plain sight and left it at that.  I saw a young lady helping another customer and asked her.  She showed me exactly where to find the items I was searching for (not in plain sight).  Headed towards the cashier and realized I'd left my store coupon home.  With 20% off on an $80 saute pan "Came by here looking for a new medicine cabinet (being my bathroom is lacking one) as well as a new 10"" saute' pan. The staff are virtually walking around like zombies and tend ignore you (unless of course you act like an extra on the Walking Dead  but we did manage to provide an apartment of 20-year-old guys with all the homey things they don't know yet that they need!"  you have to always use it to make the prices more reasonable." "Never anyone around to help. Items listed on website and listed as ""in stock"" with the store location can't be found. Easier to use Amazon.com." "HIGHLY recommended. I am frequently there buying material for costumes and staging purposes  the service is much there than at Joanne! If you can  I came in to grab some last minute supplies for my costume and was met with an extremely rude employee. I was on the phone with my hard of hearing grandmother and was the ONLY customer in the store. The employee cleared her throat at me to get my attention and then exaggeratedly told me I was talking to my grandmother too loudly. I told my grandmother I couldn't talk to her in the store and promptly left without buying anything. I will never shop here for my fabric again and I hope that somebody doesn't treat this woman's grandchildren this way when they're trying to talk to her." I'm not going to wait so long the next time I need something fixed in the back yard." "Seriously wish I had some other cushion projects for this company they did such an amazing job and were such a pleasure to work with - and the price was wonderful too! They made cushions for a window bench for us out of our own fabric and they are simply perfect.  They turned them around so quickly I'm still amazed and the work they did is beautiful.  Iryna  fast and good value for the money.  Had some patio furniture repaired after rodent damage.  Job well done.  I will return again."  and eames era furnishing. The furniture is lovely- but the prices are SKY HIGH. Expect to pay top dollar for you won't find any bargains here. With that being said (Side note:  The store also carries art and a small selection of vintage clothing and accessories.)" "This is a stunning vintage modern showroom with more of the same furnishings for sale inside.  Unfortunately Everything is beautiful in there.  It's like going to MOMA. I can't believe it's in Phoenix! THANK GOODNESS! This is the place that has everything I've ever dreamed about.  I'm saving up for this gorgeous vintage hanging chair.  I hope it doesn't sell before I get my hands on it. The owner here is really cool and encourages you to look around even if they know that you probably can't afford anything there (like they did with me). Another thing about the owner at Red Modern Furniture is that she's really passionate about what she does and I thought that it was really cool that I could talk to her about what was in the store."  and is always willing to help.  It's worth a visit even if you aren't considering making an actual purchase.  There are things there that you won't see anywhere else in this state."  making sure we didn't touch anything at all. It's a frickin' furniture store! How can you not be allowed to sit on the couches? I don't care if they're vintage or antiques or the like We found some really great pieces we liked that would work perfectly in our home.  And some we fell in LOVE with other stuff but have not purchased.  It is pricey but they are like pieces of fine art.  It is Eames-era heaven.  There is the most beautiful desk I have ever seen and other pieces that just left me in awe.  If this is your style  so my only hang-up with Red is that a lot of neat stuff does not have price tags; who knows We now are on the verge of a full-blown vintage furniture addiction that is only being held back by our income. I've actually considered putting off plans to travel the world and raise a family in order to get the perfect coffee table." kb_gDoTlPHf_Pk-L9sGMtA The vibe is not my kind of phoenix vibe.  I've probably been in the store 10-20 times and have either received no greeting or a cold/frosty one.  For that reason alone I don't want to give them my money."  the prices are sky high (although that doesn't mean that isn't room to bargain) and the staff is extremely unfriendly. I would rather shop on Ebay or go pay full price at Lumature or Design Within Reach." "How incredibly pathetic.  I just had the worst experience at Red.  Then I get on Yelp and realize how many others have come to the same conclusion--enough to write about it!  How can a store possibly survive if you are treated so poorly.  Wow.  I was seriously shocked--zero personality and 100% icy and rude--as if they didn't even want you in the store.  So why did they open one?  Even if I found the perfect piece items are nicely arranged but prices are too high!  and everything I asked for pricing on was strangely $1000 + (even a lamp I already owned and paid $20 for at a thrift store).  It was as if he didn't think I was worthy of owning any of his furniture.  I have since frequently seen him at estate and yard sales around phoenix  she said ""I don't go to a luxury car dealership and sit in all the cars I can't afford. People who buy a really nice piece of furniture here don't want something that everyone has sat their butt on."" I'll never waste my time there again."  I'm assuming that the majority of the their actual customers come from web sales because there is no way anyone I know would spend that kind of money on furniture when the sales staff is acting like they're doing you a favor by allowing you to breath in their precious vintage air."  check out the wonderful vintage stores elsewhere in town." The final bonus is their annual Clearance sale. For three days each year they basically blow out their stock to make way for new finds. Ask to be put on their mailing list to ensure your have a heads up and get there early because long time customers like myself never miss it. : )"  great little infant clothing and accenssories and nursery items. Their selection of gifts at Christmas is unmatched! You must check this store out if you haven't. You will be so happy to have found it!"  ornaments and miscellaneous home decor items. Reasonable prices and pretty packaging/gift wrapping. You'll likely be greeted when you enter and I guess there's no point in going into great detail about what a wonderful little gift shop this is.  I stopped in today to see if they still had a garden statue I saw last month (they didn't) and found the owner is ""retiring"" the store.  Great buys to be had.  All Christmas related is 75% off and everything else is 40% off.  No official date for closing  so go stock up.  Prices vary widely." I love Cost Plus. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is it tends to be a little expesive and this definitely stands for the furniture. I love the food section though! They have decent posters too...  and a large selection of beers and wines. I never get what I came for and leave because there's always a great deal or item you don't think you can live without."  give yourself some time and walk down each aisle.  It can be amazing the things you find hidden in the shelves that you might have missed if you just scanned down from the end.  And wear comfortable shoes - you might be there awhile."  there's a place that earned my repeat business!" Why not add some global influences to your decorating style?"  the little trial sizes of random gourmet foods (a mini bottle of aged balsamic? so cute!) and one of my favorite wines was discovered here first. Norton's Malbec. It's $8 and fabulous. They also have a ""reserva"" for like $14 but the cheaper one is a better ""bang for your buck.""" "DAMN YOU COST PLUS. DAMN YOU! Why oh why did we stop by after a Ticoz happy hour? Do you realize how vulnerable I am after two pineapple mojitos? Do you realize what I can do with two empty shopping carts  is the parking arrangement and it is not easy to get into its' parking lot.... I think the prices here ae better than Pier One....By far!" I call the style of this store ""funky urban"".  I prefer it over Pier 1."  I prefer it to Pier 1 or other stores like it."  they also have an *amazing* candy selection! If you are a fan of imported candy Found a ton of things for stocking stuffs...  I am coming back soon to get some xmas shopping done."  and more bar glasses then I need. My Bf hated me when i came home with a world market bag. Then I would pull out a a beer sampler for him and a bottle of wine for me "If you been to one anywhere in the USA you have seen all the WorldMarket Stores. I have been to them from Santa Fe to Seattle to Phoenix and many  suburbs in between. It's all the same! Over priced merchadise & art that is mass produced supposedly in other parts of the world. Groceries/beer/ wine once difficult to locate. Now its rather mondane and lacking a thrill. Narrow oddly arranged rows where you are bond to knock something over. Still people come and buy  but I rarely find anything to buy."  they have a huge variety of everything you might want to decroate your home with or eat off of.  Thank you Cost Plus and the fantastic employees." They carry a lot of stuff from around the world which is awesome lot's of foods and collectables.  They have all sorts of interior decorative products If you try just these 3 things you will glimpse nirvana!" Did I mention that I love this store?"  courtesy of this guy who acts like a 12 year old."  love this place! If I had lots of money to spend I would have my whole house done in world market products! All their products are so unique! The layout is very nice and the people are super friendly and helpful! I just have to say it once more I love this place and could spend hours here." It really is a World Market and you won't leave without buying a lot more than you anticipated." Looking for some eclectic lamps? Interesting wines? Fun throw pillows? Glasses? Snacks? Go to ""The Happy Place""!!!!" My only gripe would be that when they send out a 50% off one item coupon...they should at least have something in their store that is not on sale so I could use the damn thing!  The coupons are for regular priced items and EVERYTHING was on sale!  Bummer." This location can be hard to get in and out of the parking lot.  Employees are friendly and helpful.  Love it that they let me come back for a credit when I forgot my birthday coupon.  you're going to go in with a list and walk out with everything you were looking for and then some. If you ever get the chance This happened in the beginning of the year. There was a small couch on clearance. I liked the size and color and it was comfortable to sit on. I noticed there was no sales tag. There was a sign that said clearance . I asked the sales person how much it would be for this small couch. I ended up waiting forever to have my question answered. About 45 min or so. She finally comes out and tells me what the price was. It' was a reasonable price. Then I noticed there was a black stain on the seat of the couch. It's pretty noticeable when sitting on the couch.  I pointed it out and said to the sales person what I had found. No comment coming from her. She just stares at it. I asked the sales person if there is another couch for sale or not for sale. There was none left in that style that I liked. I was surprised that they would have a dirty stained couch on their floor. I left and went else where. I hope they change managers there. That place has changed. It use to be a fun place to go to with good sale people. Now they seem to be so disorganized and sloppy in their work.  and chocolates at decent prices. Also a good place to go if you need to find a gift for someone but you're not sure what to get."  very unique! It's definitely one of my favorite stores! Sales & coupons are always a bonus!"  The staff at this location is always helpful and gracious. If you need a price look up they have pricing guns at the ready to scan items for you. The clearance section always gets me since those treasures are deeply discounted but you have to get there when the fresh stuff is put out or it's slim pickings. This location is right off of  HWY 51 so getting off at Highland while going North and driving through the little Mall area is my short cut to get here. I love World Market because you can spend all day here and never see everything; but you always find just what you need." What a snooty store. I was followed around the whole time and asked if I was ready to ring up when I wasn't even at a register. Didn't have the bag of violet crumble that I was looking for. No need to come back. u8bQvtkVa5lW-SNwRLH6Vg They greet me when I arrive and the manager is very nice; always looking out for the customer."  and well stocked.  The staff is friendly and acomadating and you can always find various sales. If you have never been to Cost Plus Market With great customer service (they've offered to call me and hold a minor $6 grocery item) "This is a swell spot.  I love to go through here and look at the various things! I love the ethnic items and the housewares that they have.  For a little bit you can get a nice look for a dinner party or gift.  I really like the various food items that are from other areas of the US and globe.  A lot of fun just to go through the aisles and see things that you may have remembered from your grandparents or childhood. Many nostalgic feelings on many items.  I really love the assorted bowls  and they back it with great products and a great wine selection.  You won't find a $100 bottle here I really enjoy all the options that the store provides Too bad because I love this store." The jewelry is constantly updated with new and beautiful items "Copenhagen rocks. I had the pleasure of stopping by the store about a dozen or so times over the past few weeks to redo my entryway and living room  and they still sell the Newton model there today.  I was wanting something a bit different that they didn't have in stock.  I priced it at the Denmarket and then checked online.  I had spoken with the manager Mary at the time of my pricing.  I looked online and found it cheaper through an online competitor.  Due to the economy I figured I would give Copenhagen the opportunity to compete.  I mentioned the price the competitor was giving and the free shipping and Mary had given me 10% off with free shipping to match the competitor.  She told me it would take about 4-6 weeks for my special order that I wanted and it was just a couple days over.  The furniture delivery occurred today  they custom ordered our couches from Italy (we picked the heavier material and the color)..." We will shop here first for all of our home furnishings!"  central Phoenix to north Scottsdale and even online then finally we found a wonderful collection of comfy great made furniture.  We had specifics and yes our taste comes into play which is why I was hesitant about going to Copenhagen. I really had in mind that Copenhagen was going to be overly priced and way too modern for my taste.  I was wrong.  It definitely is modern but they offer pieces that have a great balance with modern and semi traditional.  Their leather choices are fantastic from color to grade.  On top of that  and the overall company that people of color's money is just as good as Caucasian's. Perhaps this store would benefit from ""Sensitivity & Diversity"" training.  It is so rude to not welcome EVERYONE to your store The Camelback Copenhagen store is the only one I can recommend. The ones in Tempe and Scottsdale were extremely disappointing. The sales people at those stores ignored me the entire time and were too busy chatting among themselves. At least in the Camelback store the sales people offered assistance and were willing to explain some of the design features of the furniture. I will definitely shop again at the Camelback store.  but this experience has not only ruined my family plans for Thanksgiving but has me searching again for a new table and chairs. The lack of any contact from Copenhagen has been most frustrating "I think half our furniture in our house is from Copenhagen. Great style innovative designs and very contemporary. Always adds as a center piece on each room. The one set back is the quality of materials have seem to have declined over the years. Majority use to be solid wood I didn't feel pressured at any point and everyone was very polite.  While I didn't buy anything today there is a strong chance I'll be going back here often in the future."  this one of the few places in AZ that you can get it." "I love this store. It's always a fun treat when I find myself with the time to stop in. The sales staff are super friendly and not at all pushy. They have a wide selection of quality Get on their mailing list for their annual (or semi-annual) warehouse sale. I've found some good stuff there with slight wear or needing just minor reconditioning." Don't judge a book by its cover "This place has more candles than John McCain's last birthday cake. Seriously. More candles than the candelabras on Liberace's grand piano. No kidding. It's like Cartridge World. Only with candles. I love walking around this place. As the name says "Blow it out. The party's over. This candle has flickered and the flame has gone out. Wax on. Wax off. Closed. And for anyone who caught my stand up "GOOD NEWS!!!  The candle outlet is now ""Global Home"" and they are alive and well.  Same amazing candles and wonderful staff.  I am so very excited that they are back....Go see them...and tell them Lori sent you." They are open once again!!!  The sign says Global Homes and still in the same location with the same wonderful candles and much more! i have never been treated so rude. owner has anger issues! do not give this store your business.  it's fun just to wander around and ""discover"" treasures in the store.  I LOVE my MacKenzie Childs purchase and was very pleased with the service...attentive Buyer beware-- beautiful items but terrible experience..  not willing to return or exchange a defective item.  Even though it's an incredible store-- be careful when you purchase that you don't want to take anything back.--as you won't be able to. Such a beautiful store! My favorite place to shop for MacKenzie-Childs and gifts for over 20 years. Everyone is always so nice and helpful! A must go if you're in the Phoenix area. "I needed a classy gift for a shower and this store didn't disappoint. I felt like Alilce in Wonderland...so many beautiful and whimsicle options.  They wrapped my gift so beautifully Super customer service: I purchased a gift in October and asked that it get to the recipient early in Devember. BOOM-December 1st and it's at their front door and I get a phone call thanking me for my fabulous gift. Love You Cornelia Park!!" For almost 20 years they have been my go to spot for gifts of all kinds. Their customer service is beyond exceptional You will never be disappointed with the friendly customer service. Well known for their great selection of MacKenzie-Childs and one of the best gift shops in Arizona. Always an enjoyable experience. My husband looks forward to visiting.  yet fire is fire!)....the candle was defective!  This candle cost almost $9 and would not light!.  My advise to Ann is go to hospitality school and learn how to speak to your customers! I have shopped in this store every time I've come to AZ and would NEVER again!  I see I'm also not the only person who experienced this type of behavior from the owner." Go check it out.  And buy a little something for yourself."  Alas for me the merchandise is geared toward folks who have yet to develop a personal style. Very generic in design for the most part. So this might be why it is so serene i won't be returning." I love this place. They have such nice stuff. I like to just go and look at everything they have. Since I cant afford most of it. "The customer service at this Pottery Barn is above and beyond the rest. I recently got married and we were registered at Pottery Barn which meant we frequented Pottery Barn often. The staff has always been nothing but friendly and extremely helpful. I find that it's much easier going into the store with questions instead of calling the 1-800 number and I have yet to be unsatisfied with this location. The sales associate I am tackling the daunting task of furnishing a new home and Liz and Ashley at the Camelback Store have both been very helpful in helping me make decisions. The best customer service. Highly Recommend this store." One of my favorite decor stores. The store has such a great atmosphere and love going around holidays to get decorating ideas. Staff is always very helpful. They have great classes that they offer and if you attend you get 10% off that day. They also offer free in home design consultations if you need ideas and help with your home. The prices were very reasonable" I had a great experience today Greg the sales associate was amazing very helpful and extremely courteous. He went above and beyond what I had ever imagined I'm now a loyal customer of Biltmore Pottery Barn and will tell everyone to ask for Greg!! All of can say is they are rude !! I had to pull teeth to have someone to help us...and then when she rang us up she didn't say a word and No thank you for shopping nothing... I love the store But hate the service I think she needs to be called on the carpet for treating a customer like a child.  Scold scold scold!  Yes  again. Peace out Pottery Barn." "Horrible customer service. As a young adult I felt that I was ignored by staff. A employee in greeting range Hive fives and thumbs up for this location of Ross"  it looked like their women's section was a lot better stocked than the men's.  I did take note that they had about a thousand bra's.  Just FYI ladies - get your brassieres at Ross!" points off for a shoe section that was the only chaotic mess in the store.  and can someone explain to my bigfoot ass why there's a whole section marked ""11-13"" and it contains almost all 10s and 3 pairs of 11s  organized and with short quick moving lines! So glad there are other locations of Ross stores near by offering the same great deals."  the shoppers are rude and let their kids run all over the store.  Some of the staff seem a little nicer than they used to be.  If I could find some good deals I might keep going back  kids yelling everywhere.I think this is good Ross to just go in and walk out quickly because ive been to better places."  because you never know what they just got. Give me a call if you see the Chef Basket."  and no waiting in line!!! There were not many people here at all...only reason I didn't dish out the five stars is because the cashier had MAJOR attitude  you will be rewarded with cheap goodies." yLJeaZrH826Udsh_G8ZP2w "Ross is a hit or miss store. Sometimes there are great deals on great items and other times everything is messy and the items they have are poorly made. I like to come here for bedding  are they discriminating against the Ross clientele (I've seen a review calling this store ""ghetto."" I see no difference in Target and Fry's customer base and Ross'.  I did go there because a friend had gotten a good deal on a furniture accessory but then realized I couldn't carry it to my car because of back issues.   I did mention this to security..he said I could drive up (that's a very busy area) "Great location in between the target and frys grocery store so whatever you can't find here you can find next door hopefully. Can't comment on the clothes yLJeaZrH826Udsh_G8ZP2w Store is really unorganized. They didn't have much because every time I went to go look through my sizes they weren't in the right places. And when I tried to get help she told me just look through everything. Whaaat why do I need to look through everything when it's their job to have stuff in the right places. I just left lol. A lot of clothes were on ground also Never coming back!  the hospitality industry and commercial and business accounts." Jf-FUvn6j86oPQhKNIHFJw  large planter pots to put outside our front door. We got a reasonable price and the folks who helped us were just plain nice people with whom to deal."  but I would evaluate the situation you're in before you recommend them to someone so you don't end up in the same predicament I am in."  GET THERE! Browse a little and see what's there. Merchandise changes and they close the stores to prepare for the next BIG shipment of stuff. Check out their website and look for closing dates. There are special clearance sales when you get an additional discount off the already clearance priced items which are already discounted from regular retail prices." "I was extremely underwhelmed with Tuesday Morning. The commercial with Lauren Bacall is classy "They always have something interesting there.  I have found several great pots and pans and other cooking things.  They also have a good selection of cookbooks.  They also often have cheaper prices than Amazon!  Every time I go they have new things.  One thing Open up a little! Offer some organization and breathing room. I would have returned the sheets  and they have a lot of mix and matchable themes." Convenient location but I have found that the thread count is too low on many of their products.  This place is jam packed from floor to almost ceiling with just about all sorts of linens you could want. I love the sales here as well. "I want to thank the wonderful employees of this store.  Michelle called around and found just what I wanted .  She said it would be 1 to 2 weeks before it would arrive  I like Anna's. I do wish they had a larger selection. The staff could stand to be a bit more friendly. Sad to hear they are going out of business."  dirty! the floors and clothing racks were filthy. i couldn't have bought something even if i wanted to because the store was so gross - i got black ""stuff"" on my hand after touching a clothing rack. the floor was so discolored i'm not sure what the original color was. parts of the store's floor were sticky. many of the clothes had indistinguishable marks on them  the dressing room associates are friendly. No one here seems to hate their job Friendly staff compared to other Ross's I have been to. found few good items. place was not to unorganized.  because I purchased the item more than 30 days ago they refused to issue me a credit to my Visa.  I was given a store credit.  My fiance tried to return a defective bottle of cologne this past weekend (the pump spray stopped working) and they would not exchange the defective item for a working item. We will be taking all of our business away from Ross and shopping at other discounters like Target I'll definitely head back to this location for more." "I just got off work and I decided I was going to swing by Ross to pick up some bras. I came in found what I needed and went to pay for it. The cashier was trying to be friendly and ask how my day was. I said I just got off work he then he says and I quote ""why you are bra shopping at this time of night Downside: You can't take the cart out of the store which makes it a bit difficult to buy several big items. The cashier was a bit confused on how to package my 6 big curtain rods. I mentioned about them helping me out in which they were non-responsive. How did I get my items out? 3 trips out to the car which wasn't a big deal. Also the loss prevention guy kept staring at me which was awkward." "Always kinda half empty store... The one at Desert Ridge is a bit better and cleaner  I mostly find everything needed. Great stores nearby. Dark parking lot isn't good." "Went here to some good socks and man this store was bad. Very dirty and why the staff  would complain about a grown man and woman playing with a huge beach ball and playing tea party on a patio set and do NOTHING about it (like maybe asking then to leave the store?) They made the trip even worse! They were loud and obnoxious to all other shoppers. (Advice to the Loss Prevention Guy: You are there for a reason  the selection is terrible and the store is dirty. Its convenient to my house but its worth the drive to the Desert Ridge location. This location would be better served with more management and a better selection of products."  but don't necessarily need lol. Their household area has a large selection. I rarely leave empty handed." One catch -- no returns or refunds."  I feel comfort in knowing that I stumbled upon one of Phoenix's bargain gems. Once I buy that new mansion The claim is this is model home staging furniture to be cleared out.  Until my home is furnished Furniture Affair is awesome! They have a great variety of affordable furniture and accessories that you don't see everywhere else. I am buying a second home in Phoenix and had been all over town looking for furniture. This was my last stop! The quality of the furniture and the choices are fantastic! I am decorating the house in modern/rustic/urban and I found all I needed here! Thank you Thank you Thank you Jon for dragging furniture next to other furniture to see if it fit with my design. I couldnt have asked for better staff was disappointed that several slightly used pieces i was looking at actually cost more than buying the same item completely new!! thank goodness for smart phones and being able to research things on the spot!! hopefully more consumers start doing that at places like this.  the colors and style weren't what I was looking for (not their fault).  Definitely worth a stop if looking for furnishings or accessories.  They had unique pieces that could definitely be a conversation starter and many quality pieces that would last much longer than furniture found in lower-end furniture stores that are so prevalent throughout the valley." Furniture Affair is the best store to pick up high end furniture for half the cost. There are a lot of items to look at and it can be overwhelming because the some of the items are heavily used.  I have picked up beautiful artificial plants and trees for the home . I probably saved over 300.00. "This place has a huge selection for furniture and accessories from model homes. It's a great place to look for unique items for your home. There are some high end pieces for a great price but don't assume that the prices are always the best. I have seen pieces that were priced higher here than I paid for the identical new items. Also "Great selection of model home furniture.  Arranged in very fashionable settings.  Pieces to match any budget "Love coming back here to look for new treasures. They have everything from formal dinning sets (a recent purchase of mine) to lamps I rated it a five-star because of their customer service. They were willing to come down on the price and were careful in loading my husband's car. It's a store that you may not always find what you are looking for the first time Come support local business and check this place out!" I called several consignment places to try to sell my furniture.  I ended up choosing furniture affair because of the fairness of what they pay you on and the quick responsiveness of jennifer.  I was able to sell most of my stuff through friends however furniture affair was willing to take what I had left and recommend a mover who was cheap and efficient and price my stuff at a fair price.  Looking forward to getting the last of my stuff sold. "This place is a hidden treasure in phoenix. Get ready to spend some quality time here looking around I love this store. They have really nice quality furniture for a good price. You can definitely find cheaper furniture at places such as living spaces and American furniture warehouse but this is definitely higher end. They are nice enough staff. They have a section of used vintagey items and a section of new. Check it out of you are looking for new furniture! "Furniture Affair sells mostly furniture from model homes that have been closed. The place has all kinds of amazing deals. Ridiculously great prices on some really cool furniture and accessories. I found a beautiful dining table "Underwhelmed. I spoke with another woman who was shopping at the same time as I was and she said ""this place is weird."" Couldn't have said it better. The quality of the pieces was inconsistent and the prices about what you'd find at most major-name department stores. I didn't find the employees friendly or helpful at all."  I rate a one due to the fact that I just spent 1/2 hour looking around the store and not one of the employees chatting behind the counter said a single word to me.  Not even a hello when I came through the door!  It's Saturday and I'm refurnishing three rooms in my home!  I guess they don't really need or value customers  and mix and match until I found the perfect combination of pieces-and all at excellent prices.  Furniture Affair is an affair to remember; I will definitely return!"  you know we are having a moving sale right?"" Lol ok what exactly does that mean? Anyways didn't really see much but over priced run down furniture .. I came in looking for an ottoman saw two that were completely filthy anyways I wouldn't waste my time again."  I did not ask for either. I asked another employee if they knew how angry she was and they told me she was the owner and they hated working for her. No thanks Nancy. Your mostly dated goods can collect dust."  and helping me find just the right piece to complete my room."  the furniture looks like what you can buy everywhere and although the pricing is reasonable....you get what you pay for....cheap stuff made overseas.  They claim it's all ""from model homes""...maybe some of it still is....but I'm betting most of it is ""container"" shipments that many of the ""value"" stores carry.  The previous gigantic 'warehouse"" Furniture Affaire occupied on 7th St. had a feel of 'discovery""...this new location is just another (much smaller) storefront with run-of-the-mill furniture. Disappointed to see this change. While the employees remain helpful and pleasant Where else can you go and look at nothing but pots?  This place beats the heck out of going to Home Depot when working on your container gardening.  You might find exactly what you want.  You might just bring your camera and take a picture of yourself with the sign." Wow! I won't be going here. I called to ask a simple question about whether they carry an item and was treated like I was stupid because I don't know the details of their business or what kind of inventory they carry. If this is how they treat their potential customers on the phone I'm afraid I won't be one of them. If I could give no stars I would!!"  I would have stayed longer to buy more. I want to go back alone next time to shop to my heart's content. I absolutely love this pot world shop! I received friendly service. No complaints. I had a great experience with the items and the one person working there. I am super happy with all the items I got. The prices are not cheap or super expensive. It's reasonable." Pot world is now OPEN. Found everything I was looking for after searching the county and Sedona area. I asked for a discount and they gave me 10%. The first time we used Davis they were fine.  I think they may have been sold after that because the last time we used them they were pretty bad.  They broke several items and made the process to get repairs done impossible.  The lady there was very curt and obnoxious.  We had items in storage that were delivered uncovered and filthy.  I would not recommend them at all.  none of the wrapping would have been done unless I asked the men to do it!  I even had to disconnect my own washer and dryer. They were slow unloading as well when we got to the destination.  After calling to complain about several things including the up charge I was told that they did not need complaining customers and to not contact them again. This is advertised as a Christian company complete with the ""God Bless"" on the receipt.  I can only surmise they are only planning to answer to a ""higher authority"" because from my point of view they sure could care less about their customers.  I feel my only recourse at this point will be to contact the BBB and possibly small claims court." LEPSr0mXqWocCtKyHrKRMw  and the bill was so reasonable I was happily surprised.  I just can't say enough good things about them.  You won't go wrong if you get them for your move."  friendly and helped me pick out a frame/matt combination that looked excellent.  Took about a week to get it back and am very pleased." 