 they will give you a hard time.  Watch out this company." I knocked off a star for pricing - can't someone find a way to bring down the costs of cable TV and internet access??? - and because TW doesn't yet offer home phone service in my area." Time Warner over AT&T any day of the year... If you are lucky enough to avoid using them -I suggest you do so !" "I was a customer for approx 16 yrs.  Only because they were my only option.  Came home one day to find out they had cut off my service because I had a balance of $28.00.  It was gonna be $150 and 2 wks before I could get it turned back on.  Needless  take to look into another internet cable provider.  It is not worth the hassel or the headache." So I haven't had TWC in 3.5 years and have heard nothing from them (I live in area of SC that they don't service).  Today I get a collection notice from them for $48.  Stop spending money to name every arena in the nation and hire some people who know what they're doing.  I ended up telling them I never wanted to hear even their name again.  4wks later and I still had nothing hooked up and they cut the main cable line to my condo property and at&t's line when trying to bury some new lines for me.  They have no idea what they are doing and you get a different story each time you call them.  They better never even step foot near my door again.  Horrible !!!!" "AT&T phone bills became horribly expensive: the old tv broke and we got a new one with HD: plus I had wireless installed for my laptop. All of these factors convinced me to ""bundle and save"" with Time Warner Cable. So far the service people have been pleasant and we're saving a lot on bills. However Need to get the twc hotspot adapter..........  and they don't call every month to see if I want to add services." Buyer's remorse? You bet."  but as of now I'll just sulk over my newly negotiated monthly rate." vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og  since we had a 3+ hour Internet outage this morning) to see about getting my bill lowered.  Surprisingly  I'm going to tweet to their Twitter handle first before waiting on the phone for an obscene amount of time. Yay technology."  I had been dealing with a remote that started losing function after function and could no longer deal with it.  I went to the TW office on Morehead and after waiting behind people who seriously had no clue why they were even there  I somehow agreed to keep the service for 6 months at a significantly reduced rate.  I then recieved  the bill the next month and the price had no change.  I called and they wrote in there notes some  othert agreement.  I asked to speak to manager and they denied me.  I told them I want my service canceled now and that I was not going to pay the bill.  They said no.  I asked for the manager he said no.  He then said if I ask for manager he will need to hang up.  He hung up.  His name is Jesus and will not give any other identification to me.  He is in the retention department.  If you are the manager of this employee  but I hope I never have problems with my service that involve a visit back to the office. Talk about unpleasant."  and then when called to set up appointment to install service I asked what I would be charged and was told $34.95. I then called customer service to discuss what I would be paying and was told the $34.95. I explained that I had been quoted less vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og "I feel like nothing beats Road Runner for speed so I guess that is the only reason I stay with them. Other than that  but that is not an option.  The only way to cancel is to call their number wait forever and pray you dont get cut off.  If you are looking to subscribe look at other alternatives first.  I read somewhere that Charlotte has the highest Time Warner rates in the country.  Avoid this company if you can.  Once they have you they make it hard to escape."  and perhaps that is why they really don't care about losing customers."  I'm an accountant and even I can't figure out their billing system. It should be illegal the way they bill people. It doesn't help that they have a monopoly on almost all downtown apartments in the Charlotte area. I have bugged AT&T U-verse about offering in my area  the techs have been terribly pleasant (with one exception that I got my pepper spray out for just in case - he was an odd bird) TWC is the worst cable company I've ever dealt with. Each time I've called for Tech Support I was on hold for at least an hour. Their only response is to unplug the box.  I'm on my 2nd DVR box in 2 months & channels go out randomly.  If you can get cable somewhere else do it! (DIRECTV before & after TWC is a god send)." I have tried repeatedly to get this company to refund an incorrect amount charged to my mother who died.  There is no email and I have spent hours on the phone.  USE any other service if you can.  this is a failure to draw funds because their billing department is complete and utter garbage.  Their services are sub par and they over charge for this shit service because as previously stated they run the only line available for entire neighborhoods and small towns through out the Charlotte area." "I do not like this company! For years I have been forced to work with them for Internet and cable and have been consistently dissatisfied with the customer service. Inconsistent billing  and there are next to none free movies on demand.  TWC is horrible in comparison to Comcast.  And the cherry on top is that there is no more CBS or Showtime???  Are you kidding me Time Warner?  CBS?? It's one of the main networks!!  To deny your viewers access to a main network is insane.  You should be ashamed of yourselves and need to stop blaming CBS for your total incompetence. For both CBS and Showtime  what is the point of having cable? Seriously folks. They are getting out of hand and this takes the cake. I pay i have say and i say screw them! If everyone cancelled maybe they would rethink their decision. I have nothing else to watch"  I have only worked with them online and over the phone.  I also wish that I could provide them with ZERO STARS.  This company is the worst to deal with.  It started off with my order being processed twice due to an issue with their website.  So I chatted with an analyst to have it resolved.  She then had to call me because she said my credit card was being rejected.  After about 45 minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly.  Then the day they should have been coming out to install I found out that they changed my street address in their computer when moving from the ordering system to the installation ordering system.  Therefore they installer never made it to my apartment.  When I noticed the change on the emails I received I called immediately (about 15 minutes after my scheduled install window).  The woman on the phone told me that she corrected it and contacted the driver who confirmed the new address and would still be coming.  After waiting another 2 hours with no contact I called back and the new person told me that it isn't possible to just update an address and that she had to put in a whole new order.  Oh and my specific apartment unit was not in there system so they would have to send someone out to survey before the installation so I couldn't set up another installation for almost 2 weeks.  (Mind you they had every other apartment in my building and when I originally placed the order they had no problem finding my address and signing me up)  The analyst also submitted an escalation about my issue so I could speak with a supervisor (after waiting for one for about a half an hour on the phone) within 24 hours.  Waited the whole day and no call back.  So I chatted online again and was told the escalation process takes 2-3 days not 24 hours.  I then said I just wanted to cancel any pending orders that I had in the system Moral of the story: If you want to do ""business"" with TWC I wish Yelp had zero stars because this is what TWC deserves. The monopoly they run has run its course. I have used their services for many years until recently when I finally tossed in the towel. Horrible service! I was considered a premium customer (can't remember what TWC calls it) yet still always received the worst service. Every time I had to call for some problem (very often) I would be placed into their web of transfers while having to explain my issue to the next service rep each and every time. Not fun. It's a circus at TWC. I vote Time Warner Cable the worst company of all times. I spent 30 minutes on hold tonight trying to find out why my bill has gone from 29.99 to 55.00 per month and I can not see any change in the quality of service. Their website will only allow me to increase my cost but offers no suggestions as to how I might save money. I guess no one has ever told their management that it is cheaper to keep a customer than to try and get them back. Don't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies. I love American Express they are the best company in America. Uverse is the second worst company in America in my humble opinion. Tmobile is 3rd worst company and Direct TV is the 4th worst. After that I would say Sprint is the 5th worst. By the way I have Dish for my TV and have been pleased for the most part with their service.  If you have other ideas please add. "Went in to exchange my cable box. Got in and out in under ten minute even though there was a bit of a line The only reason I have to give them two stars is because I was stuck for years with Comcast and that was MUCH worse."  and certainly not worth the pain you will experience if you ever need to contact them for anything. Worst customer service of any business I've ever dealt with."  lost Internet three times because TWC turned it off; and still got overcharged by $40. They say they have it fixed now. I am not holding my breath here."   so your only option is to take time out of your work day. AT&T is much better. Avoid TWC like the plague. They'll never stop nickel and diming you."  wireless isn't available unless you pay an extra $11 monthly fee for the router. The technician (a very nice guy) advised me to purchase my own router  while I normally gave 4-5 stars regardless of service quality. The worst service came from TWC. Took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done. All they did is to transfer the phone call to another representative after telling me ""I can't do this Step it up Time Warner!!!" The best DVR they can offer customers is a model that can only record 2 shows at a time compared to other companies that now have models that can record up to 5 shows at a time. The only reason I am with them is because they are the only provider for my home at the moment and satellite is not an option."   I had no information guide and could not control the volume. After being on the phone with them for SEVERAL hours vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og "I love how they just sent me a letter to inform me about their price increase while saying I am still enjoying their special promotion.....I have been a customer for the past 7 years  but we're adding it back for football season. I am spending my day off waiting in this absurd line for a cable box so that my husband can watch the Panthers. If only we could get ESPN on our Apple TV... I can't wait until we can just stream everything" An absolute horrible company and it upsets me every month that I pay them for ""service"" because there is not another cable provider in my area."  but what did not know until I talked to a customer service representative that it cost 10 dollars a month to use it. I did not have internet for about a month. I call tech support and I was told that the router could be bridged and I could use my own router. So one month 3 tech support calls later I got this information.  Wow!!! Why!"  but I actually enjoyed my visit.  The man I talked to (I believe his name was Tony) was extremely helpful.  He assisted me with everything I needed and more.  I was pleasantly surprised by this visit Time Warner Cable is the worst!  Never in my life have a dealt with such an incompetent and frustrating service provider. Stay away from them like the plague if possible.  When Google Fiber comes to Charlotte I will be switching my service to them. TWC has the worst reliability of any company I have ever seen. The first winter storm and the cable and Internet is out. Let me add that this is a mere few hours before the storm hits our area. No way to find out what is going on. Stay away from Time Warner. They are never there when you need them.  then they transfer you around from department to department despite the fact that they are told up front what assistance you need. I am SO glad that I am moving out of state and will not have to deal with them again EVER! TWC is ridiculously expensive for what services you do get  I would.  absolute thieves and liars."  etc.  I will be changing cable companies after this last round. Uggh: " What a contrast to the arena which earns the city bragging rights.  Hate that I'm returning to them for my cable after years of great service with Direct TV.  Double ouch." "A sea of humanity waiting to be helped and only two employees. I wouldn't have to be here but they only ship digital adapters They're not all bad! :)" Poor customer service." This is the worst branch in the history of branches!!!! Service is so slow...long lines and a bunch of customers who can't believe they actually use Time Warner Cable!!!  with this company!! Always double check your bills. Not to mention the constant slow internet. Should you have a problem  we were promised unicorn farts and rainbow sprinkles. What we got was extremely limited channels and Internet that is by no means top speed.  Plus the ""guaranteed price"" is code for contract. You'll never get out unless you die." Terrible customer service. We have been waiting for days in a row for s technician that they promise is coming every day. Can't wait to cancel service.  Jordan promises the issue will be resolved which has not happened. I agree with CNN that TWC customer service has fallen tremendously. Do not give people your money who does not have time for you and promotes people with bad manners to superisors (who by the way "Just know that they have horrible customer service and technicians. It's unfortunate that they have a monopoly  in the city. No one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved.  If you can help it Back on the phone with these dipshidiots for more empty promises. Seriously TWC SUCKS." "Came to this location after work on a weekday to switch out a bad router. Was in and out in less than 5 minutes  desperate grab for market share--in light of Google bringing fiber into town soon. I have zero loyalty to TWC and will bail (even if I have to pay more for Google) at the first opportunity I have.  Good riddance  please be Warned. Save your time. Save your sanity. JUST DON'T DO IT!!!!!!!"  I get a bill in the mail.  A bill for $250! Insane.  Apparently the promotion I signed up for was not what was entered.  So now I spend an hour on the phone negotiating my bill.  They aren't able to get the exact promotion I signed up for #thisisacrime #Googlehelpme #Iwanttopunchsomething" "Ironically they have a commercial out right now that claims you no longer have to sit around all day waiting for a technician to come. I had an appointment setup and sat around waiting for the technician to not call or show up. Another appointment was setup My internet went out for 8 hours yesterday for Sunday football. Today it's been freezing all day after I got a call saying it had been resolved. Worst company ever. Can't wait till Google comes to save us. vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og  now its in collections- I will be disputing it. They seem very disorganized and its a shame- my internet was fast and enjoyable...Just be careful If you are moving  Time Warner is going to sink like a led weight in a still pond. They are out dated and their customer ""service"" is non existent. They don't care about anyone."  in addition they have added and increased their fees. They are advertising about their new great efforts to improve their customer service and product however nothing has really changed. If they truly cared about their customers they would have offered good affordable service quality from the beginning; not only because their is some competition coming to the area soon." 3 words. Time Warner Cable. The worst everything. You name it. Worst ever at everything they do.  they have horrible customer service and the equipment comes and goes. Example: A no-show TWC Tech on a Tuesday morning at 8am and they won't reschedule until Sunday afternoon with no comp to service or fees waived. If they weren't the monopoly of Charlotte 