 and some other more advanced stuff for people who are into BYOH.  I could surely see myself bringing family visitors here." http:  www.lattaequestriancenter.com Sunset-Rides.html"  NC for the weekend. We planned a horseback riding event at Latta Equestrian Center.  Out of the 6 of my friends only 1 of us have ever ridden a horse. We were nervous about riding the horse once the horses were brought up. This was definitely different  the event coordination helped a lot with advice and previous experiences when planning our party! I can't wait to go back and I know my daughter can't either. She was so happy with her birthday party & so were all of my guests. Thank you guys so much for helping me throw the best birthday party! I will definitely be back!" I had a fantastic day here. My husband surprised me on my birthday by taking me here. The horses are absolutely beautiful and the trail ride was really relaxing. The people here are very kind! This is a really great place to go on trail rides I really loved it!   however I went to take him back today. I called before I went since it was late on a Sunday to make sure they would be open. They said yes last ride at 5 so I picked my parents and drove there so they could watch him ride a pony. It was 440 when we got there no one was at office but sign says open tell 530 !!! Come.to barn if no one at office and so we did only to be told we couldn't ride. It was 445 Nice break from the mundane things to do in charlotte area. Very pretty and horses very safe. Not a bad price for long ride with pretty scenery. They also barely adjusted by stirrups which were wrong the whole time. Just awful customer service." ASC Greenway is an absolutely beautiful nature preserve with a lot of history in it.  I'm glad it is very close to mi casa  she's a horse person).  The barn wedding & reception would have been ok (it's a really nice barn) except that at the time it wasn't air-conditioned and was a litte too warm.   If you are not into barn nuptials g1nxHxVakCbJcqtjOl9Rjw g1nxHxVakCbJcqtjOl9Rjw  and was even watching some guys dog. ..while he was mtn biking!!!  I hope he gave her something (a nice tip) will be back with my bike any time  I am here..Loved it!!!! trails need better markings only negative."  and so you would want to be prepared if you plan to visit. Great place for families and couples. Quiet and not over crowded. My husband and I went to this place on Saturday afternoon and we couldn't ask for a better place to unwind from the busy life and connect with nature  afternoon or simply an hour. Very lucky to live within 5 minutes of this jewel. Highly recommend this place especially for families!" It is simply peaceful and beautiful here.  I will definitely be back over and over!" Get a family membership every year to the Greenway. It's always fun day with no TV and real family time. Have camped here a couple time as well and that was a blast. My son caught his first fish in the lake and that made for another great memory. We get family pictures taken here every year and love the trails too. Nothing but good things to say about the greenway  we got outside and had an absolute blast"  but the inside is basic. I'm sure it's that way to allow people to decorate it for any occasion." I will definitely be back for more exploring and horse back riding! I definitely want to see the lakes and go hiking on the trails that they have around."  but some people don't have $ to spend each time or $100 to shell out for an annual pass and a place like this should be accessible to everyone.  They do offer membership assistance to those who meet the income requirements "This place needs to pave it's entry way. You have a lot of people with money moving into Fort Mill area who actually have nice cars. Complete negligence by the owners  just make sure you aren't expecting a hike or a huge lake to kayak on!" "What a beautiful place ! I love all of the trails (running & biking) and love the dairy barn. Such a cute ""park"" I go there all the time."  nice river.  Not all trails are paved so be aware if you have a stroller or such (as a few people I passed did).  It's a bit far from my house so it was great to visit Another star deducted. They are charging for parking for special events such as the summer concert series now. They just advertised last year that these events were free for members.  Parking for special events will set you back $5 per visit or $30 annually. What a crappy thing to do: Advertise something to sell more memberships and then add on more fees afterward. This place is not going in the right direction. It is becoming a place where only people who can afford to go will be able to enjoy it. I probably won't be renewing my membership. "The Anne Springs Close Greenway is a nonprofit organization that supports getting close to nature. Visitors receive so much for the minimal annual member fees. I am more than happy to support the Greenway by being a member 