Their ob-gyn services here are second-to-none.  My ob-gyn and my general practioner are both affiliated with Magee.  I wouldn't go anywhere else for my needs!"  the third was even more serious because it involved a life-changing decision.  Instead of being very cold about it  based on the looks and noises people give me when I tell them where Im delivering makes me nervous--- I WILL be making a birth plan Wish there was a choice of NO stars.  I was in this hospital for 5 very long days and it was a HORRIBLE experience.  I had a kidney infection and pneumonia and had to spend the first night in ER.  No rooms available.  There was no noise control so sleep was impossible.  Finally got a room the next day only to be kicked out because they shut the ward down over the weekend (!).  Absurd.  All I wanted was sleep - so they put me in a room full of loud visitors (I was supposed to have a private room).  Horrible experience. PS  They even gave me a thank-you card with my discharge orders (a nice touch)." oU38GVk3Kmw7_LOVLSqqwA  this is well-run hospital that offers a good level of care.  I think it is nice to have the option to go to this full service hospital close to home... for me  but the amount of time that you have to wait to see a doctor in the emergency room is ridiculous. Tonight my wife drove me over because I was in a great deal of pain from a kidney stone. We arrived about 10pm. I was checked in & after waiting about half an hour I had my vitals checked. I was then shown into a smaller waiting room where I sat till 1am when I told the nurse I was leaving. I was told that I was third in line for a room. I replied that equated to showing up at Firebird's at 7pm on a Saturday night and waiting for a table. The nurse agreed that I would probably be waiting another couple hours. That was unacceptable. They told me that they would give me a note for my boss if I would stay for however long it took. Seeing as I'm self employed that was no incentive and I told them so. They then wanted to pump a bag of saline into me and make me talk to a doctor. Fortunately I had the CT scan in the first hour of waiting. It was definitely the fastest way to have a CT scan without waiting. That was the only positive to the evening's misadventure. Well to be fair the nurse that started my IV line I did think it was odd that her surgeon never came out to talk to me after the procedure." since i live 20 miles south of Charlotte this is more convenient than driving all the way into Charlotte." The wait wasn't that long at least compared to other waits there in the past. She'd already had her ct scan by the time I'd returned from Caribou Coffee downstairs.  Apparently the cafeteria closes at 7pm. She is now in a room freezing although its at least 75*. We saw the usual parade of people & she was released at 10pm. When we left they had about 75 people in the waiting area." This facility is newer than Uptown offerings and since we live close it has become our hospital of choice but hopefully not any time soon again!" "I went to the Vein Center for a hair removal treatment. I was greeted on time. The procedure took 10 mins - in and out. Clean So far it was a five star experience but it was soon time to inject me with the radioactive contrast material. Things started going downhill after the MRI tech & another tech attempted to inject me with the material & instead collapsed my veins in both my arms. They next wanted to try my hands and I refused. I told them to butterfly it into a vein on a forearm. Their response was to stick the needle into my left wrist. The contrast was then pushed into the vein burning its way along. I will never have another MRI done there. Perhaps they knew that they wouldn't be getting excellent reviews of their service as I have not received any surveys to complete." And... drum roll please... I was wrong. I met with a very nice representative named Gladys. She was able to get me enrolled in a program called Access One that lets me pay my bill over a year interest free. We spent about an hour together talking but if you are in a hurry it would probably have taken less time. It was very refreshing to be able to experience great customer service."  and I still have back pain once in a while (not as often as before).  I know one thing for sure- Im having my next baby with a regular OBGYN in a DIFFERENT HOSPITAL.  Thanks for sure."  they called me to check on my progress and to make sure that I was all right. I've been to several medical centers and ER's in my life but this was the first time one had ever bothered to do a follow-up call. I would definitely go back to CMC Pineville for any emergency medical issue." "My daughter was 7 months old and she has severe eczema she's been screaming and crying for hours and scratching her herself nonstop it's a bloody mess. One of the nurse was being kinda rude because I overheard the word morphine I called my husband to make sure that they are not giving my baby morphine. He asked to speak to the doctor I asked the nurse if she could speak to him she basically just brush me off saying ""I don't have time to talk to him "" they got an IV on her and were about to give her doses of Benadryl  and spend most of their time eating and chatting in the hall.  You will waste 3 hours in the ER bleeding from a head injury and concussion as others keep gerring treatment.  One nurse said ""oh we keep forgetting about you""  WTF!   Go here to die!" oU38GVk3Kmw7_LOVLSqqwA "Long waits even when slow! Was at ER for over three hours and there were two people there. Watched a full shift change. Was sent there by an Urgent care and they called ahead and tried to get me to take an ambulance. Thank God I wasn't dying because this staff would have just called a coroner instead of admitting me to get treatment. Save yourself the trouble and go to CMC Waxhaw oU38GVk3Kmw7_LOVLSqqwA  I highly recommend it and plan on having my second baby at cmc pineville"  but I left it because I figured they had a lot of people in the back. I waited for an hour in bad pain and FYI I arrived at 5 pm and when I actually got to the room it was 6:30. Then we waited until 8:30. The doctor was nice but he was in the room for a few minutes and out for about another hour until 9:30. Then came back to do the X-rays. After the X-rays I waited ANOTHER hour at 10:30. They gave me my cast and I left at 11. The second time I had to come for gastric bleeding. And I was waiting in the waiting room for 3 hours I cannot imagine better care at another facility. I am thankful that we are five minutes away from such great healthcare." The nice thing is that this is a much smaller hospital than CMC - Main After this current surgery I'm finding another gynecological oncologist." zRIG4znrwIOp8mG4ZxtVMQ  the bread is cold and the meat-well it probably isn't even meat.  The servers were some sweet older ladies though; they assured me that they go across the street to eat.  I don't blame them." Mercy is a joke and I only suggest going there if you have no choice - like post-mortem." I'm just floored with the difference this was from hospitals I have been in the past.  I like to avoid the Dr. office at all cost  came in and immediately began to go to work. They were tremendously polite and professional as this was my first time at CMC Mercy and my first allergic reaction. They acted great as a union and showcased above average teamwork. I was then introduced to Ashley After being there for hours on end everyone still had smiling faces and caring words of encouragement . All I can say is Thanks" The right hand never seemed to know what the left hand was doing in this place. Take my advice  still haven't. They also did not offer her any food or drink the entire 60 hours we were there!!!!! The last straw was when the unqualified and exceptionally rude nurse was trying to give her meds through her Iv. She was in severe pain and said told the nurse that something wasn't right. She told her she felt as if her vein was exploding. The nurse said nothing and just kept going. A second later blood and the liquid that was being injected into her started free flowing down her arm as in fact her vein had blown. The nurse told her to apply pressure and when the gauze she gave us was completely soaked through with blood she handed us a PAPER TOWEL!!! Also Just wondering how such a racist person can be employed here....says a lot for staffing. I would never go here. See photo  Mary was his nurse and a hand full of other smiling faces help us on our big day. They took such great care of my baby Cons - Regular Parking."  their NICU is awesome and they are connected to Phoenix Children's Hospital  the lines are long and be very careful... or you could end up standing in line for 10 minutes only to see a tiny sign identifying YOUR line as the one for nurses and physicians ONLY. Really??" Good hospital. Trauma teams are excellent. There's a reason they filmed a Trauma:Life in the E.R. here. All the nurses on pretty much all the floors are all good. Quite a few gorgeous ones too. Just saying. Thank you Good Sam for taking such good care of my friend!" I will never be able to properly thank everyone who cared for us for those 13 agonizingly loooooong weeks at Good Sam This is where I was born! 28 years later I'm back to support my mother through surgery. I thought hospitals were dark and depressing but Banner Good Samaritan changed all that. The hospital is bright and sunny and the staff is genuinely nice and helpful. I would recommend this hospital to anyone. "My dad was treated for his NASH liver disease here for a brief period before we switched over to Mayo Clinic. Thank God we did. This hospital is way worse than Banner Desert in Mesa. After stints at 4 different hospitals in the valley Thank you for all your help. Great people. Our consolation prize was watching the crazy chick who was probably detoxing freak out Banner Good Samaritan is by far one of the worst experiences I've had in my life. It has left me shaken to the core."  I would not have even given this hospital one star if it wasn't required by Yelp."  it still amazed us.  The care was excellent. The nursing staff was above reproach and took care of every need my husband had and even mine. They set it up so I could sleep right next to my husband in a somewhat cozy recliner with blankets & pillows.  It was clean and sanitary.  We've never had such attentiveness and compassion as my husband did at Good Sam." happy and attentive! The doctors well I couldn't ask for better doctors they keep me informed on all my treatments and health care! Hospital is very clean and very nice. I would and have recommended this hospital to any of my friends and family! The only hospital I go to now!!"  who entertained me by exchanging restaurant reviews while he irrigated my wound." An iPad is a reasonable thing to bring to the hospital to pass the time.  It's not like she brought a diamond ring and left it lying around." Outstanding staff in every way. Only reason for 4 star rating is because of the lack of private rooms. Rest is so important for recovery and some roommates aren't very good at understanding that. I would not hesitate to be treated here again however. Most caring and kind employees ever. (5) Discharge was significantly delayed.  An ultrasound and hearing screen was ordered the previous day in the morning. They didn't do the ultrasound and hearing screen until the following day in the afternoon. These are routine tests that are usually done a few hours after they are ordered. Instead of going home that morning  the ice chip machine is a great find and it dispenses FILTERED water and ice chips -- a Godsend when you are on ice chips and no food for days.  I think the nurses have a running joke about ""Whack-a-Mole"" which describes their constant interruptions during their shift from their patients that surround them in the circular pod.  Being in the center of the pod  just imagine a damned cactus being shoved up your urethra. I'm not kidding. I was there pacing back and forth without any help. After pacing around and begging for something to kill the pain  drove back down arriving at 4:00 pm. They did not release her until 11:15 pm. I am over 70 years old and had to drive back home over a 100 miles at night. These people don't care about anyone especially the elderly. Nurses Rachel and Janelle were very snotty and took there time doing the paperwork."  and the whole experience was top-notch. Always felt well taken care of and in the hands of professionals. Everyone was very friendly Word of advice. don't go to the ER. Very long wait and the staff will try to get you into check in quickly I really don't have the words right now. Losing my nephew to a senseless act of violence..  clean environment with a hard-working staff My experience last night sucked a nurse made the iv experience so bad she bent the cath in my vein and it was the worst pain in my life worse then donating my kidney  especially in the NICU. I never felt rushed and all of my questions were answered in a way that didn't make me feel stupid. I never felt like my needs during the birth were a burden and my wishes were respected. The care my baby received in the NICU was excellent and I really appreciated that he had his own room and we were able to live there doing his stay."   using equipment dropped on the floor and lacked coordination.   Thankful that I am a nurse and was able to point these poor skills out to help protect my mom.  BEWARE Worst. ER. Ever. Do not go here. Shame on them."  doing renovations and making everyone sit in shitty chairs then be here to be called back and say there moving you to another area. They need to get their act together and do something about this waiting and waiting room shit" "My father went into the ER with pancreas pains at 7am... Two days later he has yet to have an MRI and they keep dragging their feet saying maybe soon. I get that it's not a heart or brain issue  I am going to write a second review from the billing perspective which was terrible. But regarding the care received  go in wearing a purple shirt and spiffy clothes you'll get treated like a champ .going in the middle of the night in your pajamas like one of the locals they will  practically throw you out of there... I've experienced both I've been a patient there for over 20 years. .. It hasn't become impossible since the remodel started.... The remodel like the light rail was never intended for us locals... Be smart and press record on your phone before you put it in your pocket. Its a Dr lies the nursing staff will lock step behind them and it'll be your only proof... And yes the rumors are true they do mistreat homeless people there  Seriously the best hospital in the world! As someone who has a chronic illness and have been admitted to many hospitals. I never have been treated so Respectfully professionally and valuable!  Nurses Liz Ashley and Erika are truly awesome people and know what they are doing. Praise to the medical assistants for all of their help. I could write forever but why? A great place to put your trust and care in! Thank you all so much! Charles Murphy!  but sometimes you need to be empathetic. You are not the only patient the physician has to care for. He/she may have over 50 patients they're responsible for that day. That nurse may be busy resuscitating that critical patient whose condition is tanking fast. It is not easy being responsible for so many people's lives. My point is that Banner University Medical Center is a great hospital with amazing physicians and nurses who work hard to develop their skills and knowledge. The work that these health care providers and staff members do is all in the interest of providing excellent patient centered care. I would highly recommend this hospital to anyone deciding which Banner facility to go to."  came in today and let me tell you worst experience I had ever had  it's a rarity in Phoenix  when people  actually  care about  there jobs and do them well so you take notice  when you see it. My nurse gabby was awesome  can't say enough  good things about  the staff. This is definitely one of the best hospitals in Phoenix." After waiting several hours in a filthy waiting room receiving random stares from a rude security staff then I got to go back wit a group of ppl that just walked thru door 10 mins ago I got to deal wit a less than friendly staff but the P.A Vicky  was very nice so was Cheri the xray tech...I would recommend that no one comes to this e r I was here on Wednesday had a spinal tap back tonight with horrible Migraines the last two days I swear they took too big of a spinal fluid specimen ..we will see the results if I ever get seen three hours later in the ED been crying the whole time I need to lie down!!! Had a family member visit the ER and have to say it is absolutely disgusting. They have everyone in this one room waiting for hours.  It's not sanitary and the staff is very rude. I will never ever recommend this hospital or ER to anyone. It is best to just stay away. If I can give this hospital zero stars I would.  Dept of Insurance and AZ DHS.... Not sure if some of my previous admins in AZ DHS still work but will find out.! How sad it is to still be treated as if we were still living in the 19th century! This facility needs an unexpected visit from the JCAHO!"  check-in was hassle free. Very IMPRESSIVE. THANK YOU."   positive attitudes. I am very happy that I chose this hospital and would recommend this hospital to anyone.. Especially if you are pregnant." "This facility seems a bit overwhelmed at the moment.  They are at capacity and you can here the stories being told by the employees as you ride on the elevators.   Most all of the people are great people We loved our experience and would have our next here. Dr. Candice Woods is the best OBGYN on the face of planet earth :)" Worst experience ever ! First baby having their in 2014 and I almost die ! The doctor they had assigned me left me part of the placenta inside and didn't even notice until my nurse save me from who knows what could of happen. My family and I were really upset. Up to this day I don't get a normal period I actually haven't got it since August 2015. I wasn't sure of what to do about it. Up to today March 2016 I take my daughter for her check ups but I also have a hard time making appointments in Edwards medical plaza suite 605. They always have rude nurses taking appointments and u call doing the normal hours and they take more than 30 mins to answer a call or won't answer and say the office is currently close. I really hate to say this but I will be out of this hospital soon.  so sad with this service.  a great facility that has employees that truly care."  i was involved in a 3 car accident! I was taken to Banner Good Samaritan Hospital. Since i arrived the Doctors and nurses have treated me like i was part of their family! They are very professional  joke and talk about their lives and the patients throughout the night. You can hear every conversation as if they are in the room. We asked them several times to be quieter due to mom and baby trying to sleep with no success. Even in the middle of the night staff will come into the room for check ups  I was signed in and seen by Doctor Who then proceeded to call an ophthalmologist but the ophthalmologist was not available that day they still proceeded to charge me over $600." The construction was a little annoying and the kitchen messed up my wife's food order almost every time  whether you live or die makes no difference to them; that's the feeling you get regardless of where you are in the hospital. They actually believe doing their job is the HOOK UP CAD0tKIttOTTgT7TMJa-lQ  but everyone I have transported in or out of here seems to be happy. So there's that."  it was the number given in the post op instructions in case we have any concerns. Since my son was in a lot of pain I decided to call and make sure it was normal. The nurse who answered  this is absolutely the place to do it.  Thanks again to everyone who worked with us to have this done... now Thank you for your care and for supporting those of us who are less fortunate and do not have health insurance." "Horrible customer service. I'm shocked how they employ people who have such limited vocabulary and no common sense. Horrible attitude from the front girl ""Lucille"". Showed no effort in helping or listening to anyone. I did see her chuckle away every time she glanced at her phone. I assume her texting or Facebook was much more important than injured people seeking help. The gentleman sitting next to me has a broken finger and he's been sitting here since 11am ( 7 hours ago ). I'm heading to another hospital and giving this gentleman a ride to get seen."  my sister-in-law would not be alive.  Among seven or so medical facilities in a period of three years PIMC provided her the most compassionate and best overall care of any of them.  Thank you PIMC."  when that is all that you can afford it is the best care you can get."  especially for a federally funded organization! It is crucial if you plan on making a trip to the express care is to definitely call and check if they have exceeded the amount of admitted patients Most of the doctors are very thorough and I do not feel rushed. Wait times are not too bad. It is sometimes hard to get it for a same day appt in pediatrics. They have certainly come a long way since the first time we were there but improvements are still needed."  didn't even listen to my heart and told me to leave after I objected to his foul accusations. I left completely disheartened on top of being sick. My GF then drove me to St Luke's where they realized my heart was indeed skipping beats. They admitted me and hooked me to IVs for the night to try and flush out the medication that was causing it. I was released the next day feeling better. IHS is good if you have a cold or sprained ankle. If you need serious help go to another hospital." I also noticed something was different. Express care? Even the docs are complaining.. Who's in charge? If they are loosing money because people aren't coming back. You should start from the inside I've checked in this place at 9 its going on 3pm I've been waiting 2 hours since my ultrasound on the arm  to see a doctor for results.... Probably should expect to spend your entire day here. #StillWaiting. I see so many awards in this place for multiple things I wonder if service is one of them..... If you go to the emergency room expect to wait at least 4 hours to get seen.  also wrote a letter to the hospital about the treatment I received. Not all of us are just going to sit there and take the abuse. I suggest to all who received bad treatment to report it. It shouldn't be that way....white business's would fire you in a minute and hire another in another second because your losing business for them." If you're having a non-immediate life threatening heart emergency in the valley area The discharge process is one of the worst ever.  My mother's stay was great and the staff was awesome.  However we had to wait over three hours and still waiting for someone to bring her oxygen to take home.  Very POOR planning.  All the paperwork is done just waiting.  Does not leave a good impression as the last thing you remember.  while some poor soul with a heart attack passed away in the next room.  The staff had a pretty good laugh about it These people saved my life and my leg. Best staff ever. Doctors and nurses were incredible. When a place like this saves your life theres not enough stars to give them. I'll never forget all the great doctors and nurses there. Everyone is special to me. "Avoid this hospital if your alone and don't have family or friends to look after you. The staff doesn't help each other and are so overwhelmed Gratefully Charles Murphy"  especially from Dr Seligson and RN Wayde. I was very impressed with how patient and caring they are.  I went in with a racing heart and having trouble breathing My surgery was seamless and the staff was very attentive."  I've never been in an ER with private rooms with televisions; I thought it was kind of cool "I was recently at John C. Lincoln Deer Valley Hospital for congestive heart failure and I give so many applauds to this hospital.  I have been in there several times before and they just get better and better.  Everything pleases me about this hospital.  They try to make it a good experience. From the doctors and nurses to the cooks and the maintenance people  and the PA discussed all of my options for anesthesia and sutures. I was in and out two hours and four stitches later. And thanks to the awesome staff the pain was never too much to handle!"  but I really don't know how the medical staff actually is.  Support staff needs wrk!" Every person we encountered was just miserable and it showed well. Never again. I will give my business with arrowhead health from here on out."  but they were all incredibly kind. We only wish we could have thanked everyone personally." Thank you John C Lincoln hospital. You calmed me  Mendys place is amazing!" Had to take my son to mendy's place for some breathing problems. The doctor was okay but the nurses and respiratory therapists were fantastic! "Wow!! Really?? Had to wait 6 hours to get checked into the emergency! This place is a joke! And when you ask how much longer it's going to be Went into ER with abdominal pain left there five days later after unexpected surgery. Every person I encountered were kind and helpful and professional. The exceptional care helped make my unexpected stay more pleasant than I thought a hospital stay could be. Thank you to all the staff that treated me. "We took my 86 year old mother to the JCL ER yesterday because she was severely disoriented and congested.  She had fallen earlier in the day and we were worried she may have had a minor stroke.  The admission process was prompt and the wait was not bad.  The nurses and staff were teriffic.  I especially want to mention Dr. Stockton who was one of the most knowledgeable 8rMSbtMFVtEien-2EfFu6w Dirty facility and slow attention." Not once was he offered even a pan so he could at least wash his face and brush his teeth." wouldn't go there if my life depended on it"  because it was a far better experience than any I've found in Denver!"  the doctor came in and said they found nothing and follow up with my physician.  I wasn't happy and I was still feeling terrible.  Then imagine my surprise when I received a bill from the doctor for $1557 because he was out of network and my insurance didn't cover it.  I was pissed!  I called the hospital and ripped them.  They claim that I signed a document that disclosed this information.  I explained I had been to this hospital at least 4 times over the 12 year period I've lived in the neighborhood.  The rep told me I should have asked if the doctor was a contractor and asked for a different doctor.  I won't be paying this doctor.  And I'm filing a complaint with my insurance company against this medical group for false advertising."  followed by a bill for $9. So I send them both back. They both come back saying I need to indorce the check they sent me??? Really?? I am now going to hand deliver both to see what kind of boozos they pay that cant think outside the box. I was a wash. They got their own check back. Come on JCL fix your billing dept" All in all though both my wife and I have been admitted to John C. Lincoln and we trust them to take good care of us when needed."  staff is friendly and efficient I have zero complaints and would definitely come back if another situation came up." I understand how overworked and underappreciated medical staff can be. But Krista S. really demonstrated all of the skills we hope to find when looking to our medical professional and then some. She even picked up on my ""nervous spouse syndrome"" even though I was keeping my cool and answered all of my questions thoroughly and put my fears to rest. Should I ever need emergency medical treatment  depends on the type of care you get here. People are leaving before being seen because people who came after are being seen before them.  This is pathetic way of treating people. The only reason we are here is because my son's doctor told him to come if his headache got worse.   So just remember if you get sick and can't get into your doctor till the next day. DONT come here "Very disappointed in the customer service with this hospital!!  Please make sure you check your bill before paying it!  They charged me $201 for an IV which I didn't get.  I spent countless hours telling customer service that I didn't receive any needles in my arm.  Then she told me that an audit was run on my account and that my last medication was indeed an injection!!  Again  probably the best part of the visit. Got to a room and had a nurse come into the room to start an IV. She dug the needle for about 2 minutes then finally got it. The doctor was short and sweet. 3 other nurses had come into the room thoughout the visit If you ever have to see the doctor in an emergency situation avoid John C Lincoln at all costs!  Everyone that I know who has ever had to go to this hospital has had a horrible experience!  I honestly don't know how there's not more litigation against these guys!" I would not recommend JCL." Very long wait. But they did figure out what was wrong. The staff was great. The reason for my star rating was because someone got my information from the hospital and tried to get me to repeat important details over the phone... Stuff that is protected by privacy acts. Not sure what happened but it was very unprofessional.  full of attitude might just be the younger generation thing but NO not the answer. I would highly suggest going to John C Lincoln North Mountain. stay away from Deer Valley."  pain meds and home within an hour and 20mins ( On xmas eve). I literally FELL down a mountain while hiking this morning. Really messed myself up. Once in ER I was rushed back because they thought my wrist was broken and knee possibly dislocated. 9 x-rays I just wanted to make sure to warn others not to go there. God only knows what would have happened if I hadn't been alert and willing to complain & ask questions - repeatedly. When I complained to one nurse I just will never ever come here again. The health care system is a JOKE here."  but once you leave they don't care about you at all.  You are a number with a bill attached to it." "HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE ! My husband felt like he may be having a heart attack so we informed them right when he walked in. The triage nurse took him back and said that she wasn't in any hurry because the chances of a 27 year old having a heart attack was slim. She hooked him up to the ecg machine then yanked the cords off him and said that he was fine and it's probably drug related! we were steriotyped for being young! Then they drug tested him  His spine surgeon Dr. E. (not his shoulder surgeon) ""does not want to get involved"" so he will not confirm we reported it to him on Jack's visit 2 days later! That was the final nail in the coffin for us - and the hospital used that against us!"  my husband and the nurse.  She yelled at both the nurse and my husband while stitching my son's chin.  At one point we wanted to ask her to leave and send in someone else.  The worst was when we got the bill for her services OUT OF NETWORK so nice fat bill for 5 stitches and trauma to a 2 year old!  Stay away from this place!" I waited maybe 10 minutes until the doctor came in. The doctor (Dr. York) WAS SUCH AN ASSHOLE. He literally asked me why I was there at the emergency room for a rash? Like are you serious?! Isn't your job to cure people? Isn't that part of your job to evaluate anybody who walks into the door? He made me feel so irrelevant and no doctor anywhere has ever made me feel this way." "Went to the ER last night for extreme pain. I was seen by Dr. Prosser. She was so nice. She has the best bedside manner I have ever experienced. I was taken care of by two nirses  I wanted to say thank you to all of the staff I have met. It's obvious to me they enjoy their jobs because they have all been amazing."  and all they say is ""this is NOT our problem - since we were not Honor Health at the time of the incident"". So all the wrongs of JCL have been wiped away by the merger? The staff is still incompetent in the MRI area."  now i am getting a letter from the Hospital saying my bill is going to collections. Be aware they try to double bill and do not take billing concerns seriously they say whatever to get you off of the phone. I will not take any of my family or myself to any honor health facility! I will make the drive to go to Abrazo Facilities the billing department is much more supportive and friendly."  or got annoyed whenever I asked for anything! I had to use the restroom and the nurse came in and said ""I just gave you pain meds what do you want now""? I said I had to use the restroom and said she'll be right back. 30 minutes went by so I decided to get up myself to use the restroom which took a while since I just got out of surgery. When I wanted to take a quick shower the nurse said she was too busy and had other things to do and the hospital was too busy and she didn't have any time! I honestly didn't need her help to shower I just needed help up. I honestly couldn't believe the way I was treated after surgery! I got released later that evening and they were literally rushing me to get out of there. I was NOT pleased with a lot of the service I received only by those people I listed above! The three stars are for those three people! They never went over my discharge papers or anything  etc). My daughter was unknowingly  crying for hours on end in the middle of the night which is very unusual for her. She's too young to tell us what's wrong so being the concerned mother that I am we decided to get her checked out since nothing we did help! We wanted to make sure it was nothing serious like a UTI or ear infection! Doctor Amy Cooper and her staff (Robin & Carla) were absolutely wonderful. They took such good care of my daughter and went out of their way to give her a sticker If I could give ZERO stars I would. The only reason they're getting 1 star was because of my nurse who was wonderful and how quickly I was taken back to a room."  you might consider this ER if you're in a pickle and might be embarrassed by the actions that bring you there. The hush hush sense of privacy at the door where you fill in a form to tell them your trouble/ or situation keeps that all quiet for you so go here rather than to Good Sam or some other ER that has your verbally explain the situation in ear range of noisy other people." The snack area was way too small for a hospital this size and the entire place had that funky hospital smell." "Not bad. This is one of the upgraded older hospitals Staff did not address this issue and did not even seem to care!" patients have too much of a choice these days to get such bad service/care. I do not recommend this hospital  my second was to be expected.... AMAZING! The compassion and care that the whole staff of the 3rd floor "My grandfather stayed at this hospital this past fall.  The staff and doctors were so nice and helpful.  He didn't complain about the food  it was a six hour waste of time and my health insurance's money!! With that being said I have been here twice for emergency situations. Once for my wife and once for myself. Both times were on Sunday mornings around 9am 'ish. Both times we were triaged within a few minutes of entering. My wife for an allergic reaction and myself for a broken bone. Both times we were helped very quickly and had a good experience. The nurses were top notch and had a good bedside manner. I am thankful for their medical attention. Felt well taken care of!"  physicians or any other speciality in the Valley" Thank you John C Lincoln hospital!" I was there in June 2010. They thought that I was a problem patient. What they did not realize was that they had me so overly medicated that I was hallucinating the entire time. Advice? Go to the Lincoln hospital off 101 and 27th st!!!"   and Carmelita were awesome! I thought that this was going to be the best service . WRONG! It is really sad how one person can truly damage your experience and quickly change the representation of the hospital for the worse.I never want to go back there again. My last nurse was horrible! She was mean  1. The staff overall took very good care of me and my experience up to the last day was great. 2. The director talked with me and apologized for how rude the last nurse was to me. This meant a lot to me. Thank you for taking the time out of your busy day to talk to me and try to make things right." "Dr Anderson is the best. He's so kind and helpful. I have insomnia and in the past doctors have made me feel bad when I was in need of medication. Dr Anderson was so understanding and compassionate. He also remembered things about my personal life from 6 months ago Overall I like Honor Health services with exception of Immediate Care lengthy wait times  and a security guard came up to us and thanked us for my aunt's service. I love how the waiting rooms are set up (volunteers write which section you and your family is in so it is easier to find you when the doctor needs to speak to you) "Had to drop off my mother's heart monitor to the cardiologist.  This office is easy to find and it nice there is 2 hour parking for patient use.  Also a nice drop off area too!  I was able to get the elevator to the floor easily sharing itbwith some very nice older folks.  The office I needed was right there easy to find.  The receptiwas very friendly  but if I need a hospital I will go there without a doubt." "The doctors and nurses at Honor Health john C Lincoln North Mountain went out of their way to may me as the family member feel at ease and take care of my husband.  They were extremely kind and concerned and made my husband and I feel like they cared for both of us and did not discount our concerns even though they were not life-threatening "My experience here involved visiting a long-time friend who was gravely ill--she had been transferred here from a local rehab facility after she suffered some major setbacks.  The staff was genuinely pleasant and eager to help a patient who had no immediate family nearby--while still following privacy laws.  When it became apparent that the patient's family members in CA were not responding Still couldn't figure out why I'm having abdominal pain. Was told need to give urine sample then when I go into the restroom there's a hat filled with someone's crap I had to hold my breath to give urine sample quick before I puked all over the place. It was left near toilet didn't want to accidentally touch it! When I was being discharged they could care less if I was thirsty. I asked for a glass of water before they where about to discharge me nurse tells me sorry water machine is broken go out double doors at check out you'll see water cooler. Walked out didn't see no water was in pain nauseated did not have a drop of water all day!Had to wait until I got home to get water!  And still in pain :( I have been here several times with family and never had a complaint but this time on the 4th floor when you press the call button well nothing 40 minutes and still no show. Hope no one has chest pains.  the staff and Drs have been wonderful. I could not ask for better care and compassion from anyone. They have been taking terrific care of him and me. Their customer service is exemplary.  Dignity Health  I'm sure they just wondered to another area or outside.""  We finally found each other after 15-20 minutes of searching and running all over the hospital  i had 2 for some reason???  They ignored it and let me bleed after they were told it happened.  Oh well the other one was pumping the drugs.  The one that was left hurt badly  I am allergic to..! AS the nurse was leaving.. I freaked out with a reaction.. a shot of benadryl and a few other choice drugs.. and I felt no more of that. Its clean and everyone is friendly and on their game. Glad I left.." PV Pain specialists (Dr. Wang) rule!  we are the ones who are there with them for a reason... and unfortunately the ones who write the reviews and fill out your surveys. :)" She's out now - and on her way home.  No thanks to you."  and finally I decided to just go. I'm so glad I did. I was in and out in less than an hour-- unbelievable. The intake nurses were so calm and sweet and very respectful. I was seen literally immediately. The nurses told me there had been a 5 hour wait all night so I really lucked out. Several nurses came in and out while I was in a room I had hear less than complimentary comments about Paradise Valley Hospital over the years.  I always chalked up a certain amount of it to how people were affected by the stress of the situation involved.  It really was as bad as I had heard this evening.  I am glad I could say some good things but they certainly weren't enough to suggest considering going there." So all things considered it wasn't a bad experience....but they could use another couple of ER docs and I think that would make a huge difference. So in a serious Emergency this might not be the best place to come unless you want to wait...but if you can be a little patient this is an Idea location for an emergency. Eat  and if I was shot out front I would crawl to another hospital. Very dirty. There was dried blood and hairs everywhere. None of the doctors would listen to me. If you have a choice go somewhere else. I am not just saying this out of spite. It is a very very poor hospital. It seems they just want to milk your insurance. They do not care about you. Nor do they think you could possibly know whats going on with your own body. I.e. I had no pain  they talked with me and my family and were really warm and cozy.  In the recovery area they had this great warm air bubble thing around me and they never rushed me to get up and moving.  They made it a really great and easy experience." He was very weak and feable there was no way he was helping me into the truck and i found that to be an issue haing myself and older mother attempt to load me into my truck." "I delivered my daughter here in March '12 and will be delivering another baby here in September. The nurses were AMAZING! So attentive and kind. They listened to me and checked up on me but didn't bother us all the time. They considered all I wanted for my birth plan and were nothing short of all you would expect from your nurse (minus the one who couldn't find my vein and stabbed me a ton). They have remodeled their rooms  and it was a really good experience there.  My Preop nurse and Post op nurse were fantastic."  made me feel comfortable and helped figure out what was wrong in no time! I highly recommend this hospital to anyone." This hospitals ER staff is completely unprofessional and inept! I wouldn't trust them with an ingrown toenail!" I highly recommend taking the tour of their facility and signing up for the child birth  I would. Travel a little further and go to a different hospital." I had a out patient procedure this a.m. and everyone was so nice and accommodating.   I was a patient with a lot of fear and asked a lot of questions.  I would highly recommend this hospital from my experience.  informative and kind.  One of the better nurses I've been around.  I have been around a lot of nurses the past five years in lots of clinical settings." If you want to not be cared for and die this is the hospital for you. They let my dementia father go after I called them - left a message with a social worker and spoke to the nurse they let him out two days later with no place to go just in a cab and sent him off. Thank god I found him! Also never followed up after I called and spoke to them about how they failed him. Horrible establishment poor excuse for a hospital. "Never again will I go to this hospital that is 5 minutes from my house. Terrible experience  he did do an exam of the painful area and identified a rash coming up.  He said he thought it was shingles but wanted to rule out kidney stones (please note...not low back pain).  Did I have a fever in the last 48 hours?  Why yes I did...low grade and something I told PVH as well and they ignored.  Had I felt nauseous or vomit in the last 48 hours?  Yes...I have been nauseous and in fact hadn't eaten anything that day.  Something else PVH ignored.  I did get diagnosed with shingles which can be extremely painful and something that does need to be caught right away to  minimize permanent nerve damage.  Mayo clinic took me seriously and was wonderful in their care.  I will never...NEVER...go to Paradise Valley Hospital again." I pray that everyone just does a detour and goes some place!!  Any place else!!!!  WARNING!! Come at your own RISK!!!!!!!" Everything is going well. Dr.s are  answering questions. She went for the 3rd teat within an hour. Thought that was cool. I have heard not many good things about this hospital.  But I can truly say that I disagree.  My experience has been nothing short of kind and professional."  we went there to the Emergency Room right after released from the accident scene.  They were the best at getting me in there quickly. Everyone of the staff were very helpful This hospital is down the street from my house and I would only go back if I was unconscious and had no say in the matter. If you have a say in the matter I read the reviews but I'm  stuck because of my insurance!  The wait  was bad the dr was nice I've been waiting for paper work so I can go home  for over an hr! That's why the 3 and your  correct they don't check on you!  the course of action they were going to take to alleviate my symptoms and diagnose me. My stay there was only for an hour and a half which is the shortest amount of time I've ever spent in an emergency room." The hospital is great and the facility is wonderful but the billing office is horrible. I've been on hold with them for 45 minutes trying to clarify a billing issue and keep being told that the next available person will help me. Terrible terrible terrible!!!! "By far the best experience I have ever had at a hospital! I was very nervous to go in for an induction but shortly after all my worries were gone. The rooms were clean and quiet. Excellent doctors Only reason I give this place 1 star is because they have thieves working here. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR MONEY IN ANY BAGS OR CABINETS THEY OFFER. SLEEP WITH YOU WALLET!!! They came into my room when I was sleeping and stole my money. $615 worth of my money and $48 of my girlfriends money in her wallet. At least take $100 or something but I can't believe they took it all SMH horrible I can't believe this. Wow girl who answers the phone in rehab  is extremely rude!  I wanted to make a physical therapy appointment for my husband and she wouldn't even talk to me she said she has to call me I can't call her!   She wouldn't even take my name to see if she had received my paperwork.  I think she needs a lesson in manners! If I ever need anything done in the future I will definitely be going there! They made me feel so comfortable and was there at any moment I needed something with a smile on their face! I wish there was more than 5 stars to give!" 