 they have hot dogs too...soooo many choices.  I came with a group and we all easily satisfied our hot dog cravings.  I had the veggie dog with cheese  it just seems like a neighborhood place with a twist.  A coronary twist.  So good....." "This place was great! I was a little bit let down by the Chicago hot dog as it had too much mustard. That said Something about it is gimmicky to me but I'll let it go. Might as well stop here first before going to see a movie across the street..." Last time I was there someone said the pizzas looked good. Next time." The hot dogs?  None of us were gushing about them afterward.  But they're ok.  4 stars for the beer selection."  depending on the server you get. The place is very relaxed. The food isn't particularly memorable. I enjoy the fish sandwih. Fries are good. It's great for groups. It can get quite busy."  but the beer options and good prices help to make up for it. This seems like an easy-going neighborhood bar good beer selection- both on tap and in the beer cave. located in a nice neighborhood.  the chili cheese dog is fantastic and so are the fries!! "D's is a family friendly bar with a great selection of beers "Their chicken BBQ pizza is among the greaseiest I've ever consumed  imported and otherwise. Service has always been decent and better. Sports agames are often on the TV so get ready for that. Atmosphere is pretty neat- there's a weird mural in the larger seating area that's worth a peek and a air duct in top of the room that's cleverly painted like a wooden beam- can't get over that. I am a fan. Go here- then go catch a movie at Regent Square theater up the street." I will visit this place frequently."  but you come here for the sheer selection of those beers. An enormous beer cave makes one feel like a kid in a beer store. Unfortunately "Very very VERY good beer selection. I liked going into the ""beer cave"" and finding a wide selection of Belgian beers including ones that I hadn't seen since studying abroad in Paris. Hot dogs were excellent  I've seen mostly families taking advantage of D's great prices and groups of friends chatting and sharing drinks.  It's definitely not a place to go to see and be seen Sick tap selection.  Better than anything in D.C. where I currently live.  I was shocked.  So many Stone beers as well as other breweries that I rarely see.  Went here twice while visiting Pittsburgh.  I liked the scene here.  It was low-key and people were polite.  The hotdogs were great.  I had the Chicago dog.  I loved the peppers they put on the dog; not sure what they were.  I definitely recommend this place if you like craft beer. "Even though they were out of the first beers we asked for (the Dogfish Punkin) this place hit the spot for a junk food craving. Vegetarians: the veggie dog is awesome  but if you're looking for the best bar food- this is it. If you're looking for the best beer selection- you can't find anything better. Good selection on tap and amazing variety in the beer cave (they say it's ~1000 different beers). Some say Sharp Edge has better on tap...but their food is terrible."  D's Chicago Dogs are one of my faves on their menu.  D's also makes a mean chili which is good on your dawgs or pomme frites.  Not to mention the plethora of beer!! They have almost every beer imaginable (unfortunately not on tap). D's is a local favourite and is definitely worth a try when visiting Pittsburgh." "D's is a legend in beer in Pittsburgh. The selection can't be beat and the food is unique and a style all its own. Thanks's for the years of beers This place is family and group friendly  it's got cole slaw and french fries on it."  and the beer cave...mmmm.  My only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!" "One of the few reasons I may miss Pittsburgh when I go to grad school. The hot dogs are piled on high with the best  I would have totally sampled some of the fine brews they had stocked away.  What I did enjoy was the friend zucchini.  It was hot from the fryer when it got to our table  stocking without pretense; Miller and Unibrau.  The hot dogs are good.  The beer is unfortunately not so cheap; six packs aren't much cheaper than just buying four or five beers.  Bad for groups more that four people; great for two or three." Beware of the yellow mustard though. After several washings Hot dogs with mac n cheese on them."  and a cheese sauce. It oddly worked and I enjoyed the meal before I had to hit the road. The fries our table shared was also a winner as they were crispy and uniformly cut and fluffy potato goodness in the middle. Definitely a great cheap eats spot." Awesome beer awesome dogs. Hm.. hungry. I'm going there now." 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g Oh! And did I mention the beer selection isn't too shabby? Watermelon beer in the summer...mouth watering." Terriffic neighborhood place for a small group to grab some terribly unhealthy food and try some new beers."  I would definitely come back again and again." * and by ""good"" I mean ""good for PA"" where liquor laws are an absurd kafkaesque mess and a lindeman's geuze is about as interesting as it gets (for like $15 You can't beat their beer selection. Make sure to visit the beer cave while you are there and their section of take-out beer for an even larger selection."  I usually get 2 of their Chicago dogs and a couple orders of chili fries when I'm with a bunch of people. The best part of D's is their beer cave. It is packed with beers all over the world. This was the only place I could find Perkuno's Hammer before it got retired. You can find bottles of literally anything here. The best part is that you can grab a 6-pack and just fit any 6 beers in it to go or have them for the table."  let's just say that there are more selections than you can imagine (... they claim 1000+!!!)"  go here if you want a great beer selection and good bar food.  It's always pretty busy and the service is good!" I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in the Pittsburgh area or anyone who is crazy enough to drive 7 hours for a hot dog." (The Monroeville location is better  all the right high-quality toppings and a fresh-tasting bun. The pub fries sealed the deal though - a huge pile of fries with generous helpings of perfectly-melted cheese and just-soft-enough-just-crispy-enough bacon. My friend and I could have shared the large order of Pub Fries and been just fine. I saw someone's sandwich across the bar  though they've opened the ""loft"" upstairs that seems to have a full bar - I haven't been there." "I think their beer selection is much more impressive than their hot dog selection. although  it is awesome.  All the Belgian beer a girl could want.  And the wings.  And oh  and it seems like the servers congregate in one place and leave the other vacant at any given time. Very nice people though."  I'm not sure why anyone would go to a hot-dog joint and expect good service.  So ignore anyone talking about hot-dogs and come here for the beer. Finally Cons: Sometimes crowded and loud" The service can be a little hit or miss due mostly to the sheer amount of business they do on a Friday or Saturday night."  help and general vibe of this little joint was spot-on. If you're in the 'Burgh  its resulting greatness in D's. This probably has the biggest selection of anywhere I've been and the food is great too. Every loaded fries that passed hooked my eyes like I'd been celibate for a year. Take a dollar off for take-out beer too. I love the descriptions in the menus and how every hot dog is the same price." Amazing. One of the best ever for bad to the bone great bar food. Sidenote: I highly recommend D's Sixpax for someone's 21st birthday to pick out a six-pack from their epic selection of brews. (Also  buttery. So sorry but this weenie came up flat too. I did like the Mason Dixon! The crunchy-ness of the coleslaw made a huge difference but the meat was still chewy and too salty. Could it be that I am too picky when it comes to my meat? If I am shopping for picnic eats I do go for Smith hot dogs WITH the casing or the large sized Hebrew Nationals. Now those are the mouthwatering crowd pleasers I'm talkin' about!"  but they seriously do something very special to them that I cannot figure out." Draft Belgian beer and a Mason Dixon dog. This place is magical."  which is cool. I am not a beer drinker but the beer cave is so impressive! I'm sure I could have found something special but wasn't in a browsing mood. Another thing This place is pretty good! they serve a selection of creatively topped dogs and some of the best greasy fries I have had in awhile. enough said!  Time to go drink some beer and devour this dog!  great beer and root beer.  amazing election of bottled beer.  Staff is nice and this place is super kid friendly.  Order the veggie Chicago dog. Yum and messy too so watch your feet."  stop by in the afternoon on a Saturday or Sunday for a great local vibe."  bring a growler or buy one of theirs. Prices are reasonable and the selection is outstanding." n7DOwcTqsJ5LGc_L9nr-Zg  but I'm tired of the abuse from waitstaff who look annoyed that I'm even there.  If this was just a once-in-a-while occurrence  and there's an awful lot to like. My favorite dishes are the Big Ben Hot Dog or the Balboa Chicken Sandwich  on the other hand...inedible.  Stick to the dogs and the za "I go here a lot.  I think most folks who live in Regent Square Swissvale Edgewood area do too.  And it's probably not because the food is so utterly delicious.  It's because it's a groovy little place with young hipster (and some not so hipster) bartenders and waitresses that serves up an endless array of beers in a funky loud space.  I love Regent Square and always saw the potential for the grand old days of Hippy Free Love lying dormant in her quaint shops and family eateries ... until D's sprang to life in a former dry cleaner gun shop space.  Oh yes  relax and enjoy the goods.You won't regret it.  D's is definitely not a rush-in D's still remains the gem of Regent Square and is worth the pilgrimage to Beer Mecca if you have never been." Food was decent.  Typical bar grill menu.  We ordered up some Pub Fries and Wings.  Decent  their service:  Really lackluster.  ""Entitled"" is the word I would use.  It pains me to give them 15% If you're visiting Pittsburgh and anywhere close (heck...even if you aren't close) head to D's and grab a taste of a great local bar" "Best burger and hot dog bar in town.  About 25 unique beers on tap.  I like the Chicago Burger And you have to take a stroll around the beer cave.  It's not quite as impressive as I was hoping  but the food keeps bringing me back! About 25 unique beers on tap.  I like the Chicago Burger Try the fries with chili or cheese! or the pimped up Pub fries!  Yum!   They have other food but I tend to get a dog All in all as a Regent Square resident this is our go-to place to hang out and bring friends and visitors."  including a mix your own 6 pack deal and "D's is a fantastic place with food! Reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere! Can get crowded but that's because it's soooo good! I love the selection of beer "Amazing beer selection on tap as well as bottled. You can get beer to go warm or cold and do mix and match six packs. Also  I don't care) & the most incredible fries around. I live in Regent Square & I'm thrilled to have a local go-to place for a quick dinner & a beer for very reasonable prices. They often have a $5 dog & fries lunch special that I gratefully take advantage of. Yum!"  I am huge on add-ons. This is where D's comes in. I totally recommend the chihuahua hot dog. It has avocado!!! The wings are delish too. This place is a must go for beer lovers. I am still the light and sweet kinda beer person  the hot dog selection is great for both carnivores and vegetarians. My two favorites being the Chihuahua dog and the red alert dog. Spicy The wait staff is always friendly and helpful.  Check it out!" I feel like a restaurant that serves cheese sauce like a food group should have a warning label on the door 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g  and parmesean.  They were all decently meaty.  The parmeseans with a side of the spicy mayo were good stuff  don't get me wrong... but I find parents here tend to let their children act out a lot Regent Square is a really cute little area that has a ton of great bars and restaurants.  Highly recommended."  it is a hidden gem. They have one of the largest beer selections I have ever seen! The staff is helpful and friendly and the food is great!"  good bar food.  Great hot dogs." D's is just one of those places I love going to. I can't get enough of picking out my own 6 pack of wonderfulness. All amazing beer. The food has never let me down. The service has always been good. This place is just awesome.  I really wish I could give this place more than five stars."  and you can also take the bus here and then see a movie." Also this doesn't really bother me i still ate my food but the guy cooking the food didn't wear gloves and did touch the food with his bare hands often. If you're OCD maybe just get a beer or don't sit at the bar where you can see this. Don't worry he didn't pick anything up off the floor and put it back on plates  which is good since I don't eat drink anything with gluten in it!" The dogs are good.  The fries are decent.  The salads are good.  The wings are good. The pizza is good.  Even the burgers are decent.  Their draft selection is awesome.  The Monday night 35-cent wings are now the Monday night 50-cent wings.  They could have at least gone to 40-cents first... best. beer. selection. hands. down. We waited almost an hour for a table but the bartender was super attentive the whole time and was on point with suggestions. It was def worth the wait too! We ordered a pizza and a few apps which were so good. No complaints here - we will totally be back.  but the Mason Dixon with its slaw and chili was killer. The fries and barbeque wings were just as good. I also liked the atmosphere  ""That place is really cool."" I had a bottled microbrew Yum! Great little find just outside of the city....especially if you are Chicago dog fan The sad part is that D's closes fairly early--the bar closes at 11 on Sunday-Wednesday and midnight on Thursday-Saturday. The kitchen closes an hour before the bar." Side bonus for me -- happened to hear music from a local band from Denver (former homestead) while dining.  Made me homesick." Their hot dogs and fries are affordable and good but even though they have like 300 different beers in bottle their beers are over price and will triple your tab. That and yet have a limited draft menu.  the restaurant was fun and we smiled laughed and jokes through a rather mediocre meal."  but I wish they had a better selection of gluten-free beers. There are lots of tasty ones out there  my sickness impaired me from imbibing and I actually spent the latter half of the time there barfing in the bathroom (not to the fault of D's) while my friends shopped for a bevy of beer in the cave. Also worth mentioning is how friendly everyone here was. Lots of helpful staff members and even the other ladies in the bathroom who were concerned with my hurling to the point where they wouldn't leave me alone and I had to lie and say that it was no big deal  I don't dislike D's I.  Quite the contrary.  After all  etc.  Hot dogs are one of their specialties and I'm not a huge hot dog fan but the bratwurst I had with bacon and mac-n-cheese on top was amazing! I also had the fried zucchini appetizer which was cooked perfectly and the sauces were very tasty (marinara and a spicy ranch-like sauce).  I went on a Wednesday evening post-happy hour and was surprised how super crowded it was So the food is great and the beer is excellent and I've found the service to also be right on.  These folks are extremely popular so at peak times it's mobbed.  Do yourself a favor and show up off peak and you'll eat and drink much more quickly." If that isn't enough to get you stop by D's then you're missing the point and probably shouldn't anyhow."  what more do you need to know!...Waiter made some excellent beer suggestions and I rarely stray from the ""off the rack"" Chicago dog but his suggestion to add the bacon was spot on.  No trip is complete without visiting the beer cave.  Some hard to get gems can be had.  Many of the choices can be found at Giant Eagle now for less.  Their selection of Mikkeller offerings was an unexpected bonus.  Walked out of their with some great hard to find titles...see you guys next year!...." I like it. Veggie friendly too. 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g I hope D's is with us for decades to come." Had the scorpion dog with Mac and cheese. It made my day.  I usually come for the beer cave. Best build-your-own six pack joint in the city!" New menu! Check it out! P.S. There is also sit-down service in a room between the bar and Cave that seemed more family-friendly. I noticed several tables had pizzas and burgers  so either come early or be prepared to wait for a table if the big game is going on." I had the barbeque chicken pizza the first time and it wasn't bad They also have a beer cave with over 1000 beers!" "I'm subleasing an apt across the street and have been in a few times now.  Hot dogs are good and cheap but the burger options  and I will definitely take any of my beer-loving friends here." I love this place. Hands down my favorite place to grab a beer in the east end. They have a great draft selection that changes often in addition to a beer cave of cold bottles. Staff is efficient and friendly and they play great music. I also love their wings...D'sWing Dust (dry rub) is my favorite flavor. "Great place for grabbing quick eats with an excellent beer selection. Their ""Beer Cave"" is awesome if you enjoy creating custom six packs. There also is a nice bottle chiller "While living in Regent Square I went to this place way too often! It has a great selection of beer and the food is pretty decent - they probably serve the best fries I've ever had. It feels more like a restaurant in the sense that you wouldn't sit here drinking all night Quite an interesting place but worth the visit in a little town." Hot dogs were delicious and fun to mix and match toppings. They do fried dogs too and it's great. Beer selection is obviously fantastic. Check our their beer cave!  my fiance would have proposed to me at D'z. We truly regret not waiting to go here but time was of the essence. D'z you truly are my favorite spot to be any day at any time and you will always be the place i wish i would have been proposed to at!!!!!!!!!!" "I enjoyed my evening experience here last night. The bar was really busy but service was still fast. They only serve beer and wine downstairs. If you want a mixed drink you have to go upstairs. We ordered a large supreme pizza I eagerly await my next trip to D's!"  if I have a few more of the Mac'N Cheese hot dog and Fries combinations  knowledgeable service. Part of why Regent Square is so great." This is a great spot for some craft beers and bar type food." best beer selection ever! it was hard to pick just one beer out of the beer cave. The food was really good. Big fan of the fries! D'z dogs is the best. All the employees seem to want to be here. Nothing is better then when your food provider is excited about what he she is doing. Come try a scorpion dog.!!!!  innovative burgers that'll blow your socks off I try to hit this place at least once a year." Love this place. Awesome selection in their beer cave. "This is a beer lover's dream and one of my favorite spots in Regent Square.  Great place to go to watch a game.  It is also kid friendly as almost every time I am visiting this place there are families with young children enjoying themselves.  The biggest decision is to pick a beer off the draft list which always has a great selection or pick one from in the beer cave. I usually try a draft and then head into the chilled beer cave. There is also a larger section of single beers for purchase in the back that are not cold. If you want to drink them while at the restaurant they have a chiller-so cool!!  My past visit I was impressed by the large selection of pumpkin beers. I tried a bottle called Baked by Lancaster Brewing-tastes just like pumpkin pie!!  To go with it I ventured from my usual Chicago dog and ordered the Angry Tikki-pineapple "D's is a great place!  Its unique as far as quasi-bars are concerned insofar as I go with a friend and have some dogs burgers pizza wings and a few beers  which I felt gave me license to have a (delicious) hot dog washed down with a few great beers. I can't wait to return!"  down-to-earth place where you can kick it back with a beer (or in my case a cider) and enjoy company with friends. It was a perfect ending to our movie night at the Regent Square Theater. With smiles planted on our faces after watching a dark comedy  and this is a good spot for larger parties (5+). The french fries are excellent and very crispy  and they consistently have proven to have great food and service. Oh byW028BfkDNkEXpINimbmA "This place is great.  Excellent beer selection.   The best fries in town  you'll get a spot and you'll be happy you did. Don't like hotdogs you say?  Well   and awesome homemade chipotle hummus.  They even had veggie dogs for my cousin! Everyone there was so nice.   If you drink good beer the beer cave will awe you. ..hell I drink Miller lite and I was in awe.   So many beers!"  and I'm looking forward to heading out in the spring time and enjoying some hot dogs in the warm air!"  and the beer selection is among the best in the city. I'll keep coming back. For sure!"  its a damn shame they dont offer a gift registry.  Because I would register for beer.  I would.  No judgement." The last time I was there we were having fun upstairs playing darts and racking up a tab. The bartender was nice enough to actually stop us and point out that it had started to snow  buy one if you're feeling spendy or simply don't have a place like this anywhere near you."  which was a large helping of french fries smothered in cheese and avocado with a side of ranch. I had the Chihuahua hot dog with a veggie hot dog and added grilled onions and my partner had a specialty Octoberfest hot dog. Both were large and delicious. We did not have to wait long for a Friday night and the service was excellent. The space tends to be crowded so this is not the place to go for a quiet fancy dinner  filled with beers from all over the world.  They also have delicious pizza and fries.  So if you are in the mood for bar food Cons: I was here after brunch to catch the hockey game and they had NCAA basketball on instead; not a big deal The food is great and service is just fine." If you have never been here; I recommend it."  or just experimenting with a new Belgian brew Definitely will be back for more :)" "I love this place! Vegetarian options are good and the atmosphere is great. I also love the beer selection. It's really a great place to go for lunch  even if my heart now hates me in return. 4.5 Stars."  and it seems that this is true from the crowds I have always seen here. But fear not fellow 20 single somethings: this place can be for you too! There is ample room at the bar to chill with good beers to watch the game  make a trip to D's. It's definitely worth it."  and next time I'll make it a point to try the food. Judging by some of the other reviews  a lot o beer selection. Simple food. I watched the World Cup here and was very nice with the front open to the street for outdoor seating. Good fries."  the power went out temporarily and workers and patrons alike kept on going like it was -no big deal- I honestly couldn't be happier with my experience." They do have some vegetarian options as well The most amazing food ever! Had the blue cheese burger and sweet potato fries and it was best I ever had!! Even the ranch was out of this world ! Service was amazing! Courteous and so friendly !!! Definitely coming back! What's not to like here? Best hot dog in town with a variety of different toppings and styles.  Amazing selection of beers in the back.  Great place to go with friends on a Friday night! 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g I love this place so good." "D's is a great place to drink to your heart's content with any darn beer you please! They have just about any beer your little mug could possibly conjure up. The service is quick  head into the beer cave. I like that you can find a crazy variety and try new beers. Always busy  and the rotating drafts have something for everyone. I had the pulled pork dog which had just the right amount of hot dog I would definitely recommend you give this place a try." "Best fries around and a really good beer selection.  A little bit of a drive for us Mac n cheese dog is incredible.  This place is small and gets packed so be prepared for a long wait and no personal space.  and this is the perfect place for a night out or even to get beer for a night in. My boyfriend is obsessed with the create your own six pack from the beer cave. We ate here on a friday and the place was packed but we got sat right away and our food came out fast. Amazing specialty hummus of the day ( i think it was chipotle ranch) and great sandwiches. The portions are huge and you won't leave hungry."  and we like to drag our out-of-town friends here as well. This place is honestly one of the best things about living in Regent Square. The staff are friendly and efficient and the food is always hot and fresh. The beer is of course outstanding. What more could you want in a neighborhood bar?" I agree with others that the beer cave is wonderful.  I could stay in there for hours!  The pizza ain't bad either!  people poured in.  Families with little kids and groups of older adults standing in the crowded doorway waiting for the opportunity to eat mediocre food.  Hmmm....makes me think a new restaurant in Regent Square is in order because there is clearly a deficit."  and the beer cave is a happy place with one of the best selections in the city." "I have to echo the sentiments of others on the service here...it is always friendly and quick (but not suspiciously so). Plenty of beers to choose from on tap The verdict?  I would come back here for a Chicago dog and ask them to boil it to prevent the risk of a singed dog "Just stopped in for a beer or two before the Pens game. Bartenders were very friendly  happy ambience.  The food is nothing spectacular but not bad as well - even though the hot dogs are pretty good.  It has a large selection of drafts and there is also a back ""room"" where you can buy pretty much any beer that exists either for taking it to your home or for having it with your dinner.  The service was fast and helpful.  I am sure I will be visiting this place again in the future but just do not expect something spectacular." "Great selection of beers and Would I go back? Definitely." Seriously average food with above average prices. The waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves. I'm wondering if a prerequisite to work here is to feel that you're better than others because you know all the Belgium beers.  don't care about their customers.  What happens when the owner values money over ""being there"" to oversee the business.  I'm a local and have been going to D's since they opened...but that doesn't matter any more....with the exception of Eli  so occasionally you might have to wait a bit to get a seat."  $14 for a 12 oz bottle of Wulver and $25 for a bottle of Angel Share! Whoever is actually subjecting themselves to those outrageous prices are literally getting robbed. You can find a $25 four pack of Wulver and a $10 single of Angel Share at Giant Eagle.. In fact  try the Chicago dog or the Bug Ben!  Incredible beer selection too." This place is a must try. I would say it's a bar you can bring your kids to if you have any. The service is great the food is better. Me and my girlfriend got pub fires with cheese and bacon to share. I got the Angry tiki and Chili dog she got the Pot roast and Big Ben  all on beef franks. The food came out in no time and with a bill of only 35$ including a beer it was a great price. They also have a massive beer cave in the back. Next time I stop in here I have to bring a group of friends so we can all try one another's food. "Over 200 reviews and over 100 photos. What more can I say other than I've been coming here for over 15 years and have never had a bad experience. True beer lovers love D's.  Oh  my husband and I make it a date to spend an afternoon in Regent Square and finish off with a good late lunch at D's. The beer selection is amazing." "D's is perfect for those not so fancy afternoons. I love sitting outside with my dog and people watching while sipping on one of their unique beers. the staff is always so helpful with suggestions on what to drink. the pizzas are decent  and were quite impressed with the selection--now CM has a neighborhood go-to spot the next time he needs to bring a six pack to a party!  With the City Dining Card "Superb beer selection. Great hot dogs. Super fast and friendly service! They ask work as a team. I had everything and was done in less than half an hour "Usually get the bacon cheddar dog which is awesome but tried the pizza tonight.  It was great!   Good quick service Also a great bonus - you can grab your own beer from the beer cave in the back and chill out."  a group of us from Pitt come for the large one-topping $10 pizza night! The waiters and waitresses are always so friendly  onion and cheddar hot dog. Amazing. I also got the D's wing dust wings and it was quite possibly the best flavor of wing I have ever had. It tasted like a bbq chip with a kick crushed up for the flavor. I highly recommend that." Very nice when the weather is good and the garage door in front is open. Otherwise it is a bit dark and dingy." "went for a late lunch with friends. I'm a new single mom with a 7 month old and my friends had a 2 year old along as well. our server was extremely attentive and incredible about the kiddos being along. he brought crayons for the toddler and was one step ahead of our needs which was amazing and unique... it's not always easy to go out with a kid in tow where you can get great patient service AND good food and beer. I had the Cuban dog (pretty terrific) and sweet potato fries. one small order could probably feed 2-3 people...good to know for next time. the beer selection was super. I've been looking for barleywine style ales in this area and most places I've tried haven't even known what I was asking for. these guys were able to help me put together a cool sampler of a few different kinds to take home and try. this was a great visit and D's will definitely be on my beer and food radar in the future. also loved the open air bistro feel for summer. the price seemed a little high for hot dogs but the dogs were really tasty and after it was all said and done This is the ultimate in bro style  service best suited to half loaded  college students or anyone with low expectations of service at a bar and grill." I love this place.  Every trip to Pittsburgh (about twice a year) I stop in for a great dog and a choice of many  beers.  I suggest everyone stop by and enjoy a wonderful dog and beer! "The place is kind of small and disjointed a bit but they make up for it with their beer selection and great staff. The food is mostly bar food with a twist Great pizza! I recommend the Cin-Ds pizza sub red sauce! Fast and friendly service! I would come back here again. Fries are good too. Good beer selection. The best is at Patrick's day breakfast...or any other time you chose to patron the establishment." We come here often for their beer selection and spend too long in that cave. Go to Franktuary. It's a million times better in every way."  but nothing to write home about. Getting a seat can be a problem during lunch or dinner time particularly on weekends." The beer selection to make your own sixer is incredible. So many beers from all other the U.S. And international. The crafty hot dogs were incredible especially the angry tiki dog. I'll def be coming back here.  and great on tap selections of microbrews." "Amazing hot dogs. LOVE their DOM (Dog Of the Month) Its always something crazy. For September 2015 is the Greek dog. They have great burgers too. Somewhat crowded  great selection of beers and their bites are among the best I've tried in Pittsburgh. Go for the Chihuahua or Bacon Cheddar dogs My husband and I came to Pittsburgh for our 4 year anniversary. After eating out for two days we were about to head home but decided to stop here on the way. So glad we did! After having sub par service for the past 2 days the guy waiting on us was great! He checked on us often and the food was so good. One of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Also found some great beers in the beer cave (some that I've been trying to find for awhile now). Will definitely go back here if we are ever in the area. We will definitely be back. Hopefully on a Saturday again so that we can go for a Bloody Mary and buy a 6-pack to go."  everyone was super nice...maybe I just caught them on an off night and everyone was frazzled.  Either way..the food was good One of my favorite spots to grab a dog. Fantastic beer selection (check out the beer cave if they don't have what you want on tap!) they'll let you sample the beers on tap if you're unsure. Favorite things here are the hot Valentine dog and the angry tiki! You can add anything you want on their extensive list of toppings. I will definitely come back again and again!  especially at a time when it's tough to find great food for a reasonable price in this city. The best feature of D's is their beer cave to the rear of the restaurant. While your dinner companions peruse the menu "Best ranch dressing in Pittsburgh!  Good beer selection  and ambience is slightly better than average. Beer is fresh and kegs are rotated regularly. Highly recommended! Can be crowded at dinner lunch times."  this isn't the place for you. Unfortunately it's just a bit out of the way for me to come in here just for a mixed six pack unless there's something really special that I'm looking for."  but i was excited to just get some and try them out. I ended up only choosing 2 of Hofbrahaus' Hefe Weizen (my fav!!!!) Bobby picked out 4 others that i will try. They had soooo many different options. I was excited to find beers from Hofbrahaus & Fat Heads. how cool."  I went in for a growler and found a similar situation... Very few IPAs to choose from.  So I am wondering which keg kicked first tonight... The IPA or one of the many Mad Elfs....  sorry for the rant...it is just disappointing to me...."  1 hot dog and a handful of fries. Not a good value in my book. Probably won't be back." Staff are always friendly despite the busy and controlled chaos."  but in the beer cave... although I did snag the last sad can of it in the cave. That's okay The main draw for me is their huge beer cave. You can feel free to walk back and wander around and pick any beer that you're feeling. They have a refrigerated section and a non refrigerated section. They also have a small chilling stand that you can pop your warm beer in to get it cold enough for you. They also always have a lot of good unique beers on tap." "What can I say? I love this place! I live in Regent Square and I'm here weekly. I secretly bought my house because it's walking distance to D's. The beer selection is awesome. The food is great. The staff is amazing - they always make my family feel at home. The kid LOVES the mac n cheese. Being vegetarian Next trip I'll be adding Mac n cheese to my chili dog.  Why not combine the two toppings  have a drink and most importantly have a hot dog.  Very friendly bartenders and wait staff.  The menu sports a variety of simple to gourmet hot dogs along with other items.  They have several TV's mounted for viewing of games at the bar and they have loyal locals who frequent the bar.  Outdoor seats are nice for a sunny day.  Be sure to ask about hot dog specials!" wide variety of beers on tap or on shelf or in cooler... (warm&cold) 6-packs to-go... and great waiting staff...  for being a small but great shop in Swissvale... always busy but that only means their doin things right.... great food and beverage" "My friend and I come here often on Sunday nights and sit at the bar. Great draft beer selection and consistently good food. My favorite things to get are: the Cuban dog It was gooooooood chilly cheese fries and hot dogs what else can u ask for ? They have Tons of beer for the ones that want beer. I was here at noon so we did not have beer. It was reasonably priced the staff is good. Hands on. Music was great ! We will come back  and D's was one of my favorite spots. At the time I had a 3 year old daughter (who loved hot dogs) "Stopped in here for a beer on a Saturday night. Great selection of beers and the food looked good. Very busy on a Saturday night Suggestions: Go on Thursdays - Great dogs and fries special."  tried one of their hot dogz with jalapenos and cheese. It was really great! They had a nice selection of craft beers and even offered some options for brunch (besides dogz). So you could totally eat there for breakfast. The 6 pack shop is connected and has tables you can sit at. I was really impressed For a meal and 2-3 beers look to pay anywhere from 25-35 dollars even at happy hour."  groups of friends. All different ages. French fries and hot dogs are staples. Chicago dog is what I usually get. Nice beer selection. It can get really busy and the staff is always on their game." 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g  service was awesome.  Choice of beers was exceptional!" D's will always be a five-star establishment to me. Rating it any less would feel like a deep betrayal to my family! :-)" It's honestly hard to go wrong here with such a great selection of beer and food!"  and affordable! The service is always friendly and on time...I believe they value my time.   We both got our favorite dogs and the best French fries in Pittsburgh.  The server also signed me on for no wait app which made our checking out and paying sooo easy." Dining at D's was a great experience and I recommend it to anyone wanting a casual meal with great menu choices." "I'm not much of a beer drinker so I'll focus on the food. My girlfriend is vegetarian so I'm always looking for a vegetarian-friendly menu. It's rare that she has almost as many choices as I do  so I'm not that amazing of a listener! I do try and make sure I eat healthier than my disgusting smoking habit but we stopped into D's on our way back into town and I was still in vacation mode! I ordered a chili dog because I am not insane and their spicy cheese dog! Both were delicious! The spicy cheese dog had pepper cheese and pickled relish on it and I love anything pickled! The chili dog was also really hearty but I did wish there were jalapenos on it. i suppose I could have gotten them and am just lazy. Either way  but the big deal here is price. Super-cheap everything is their motto." LT0AgHTpDifuHSXgyLmJwg "I have been eating at greens since I was a little kid. I still go there with my husband every Saturday that I am in Charlotte. It is a tiny little place that has been there forever but they have the best hotdogs around. The chili is smooth and yummy. They also always make your crinkle fries when you order them  but reasonable) and the place has been around since 1926 and has the feel of a historic lunch counter. I think that's the cool thing about the place."  but worth seeking out. Every time I am in Charlotte near lunch time  and slaw) and french fries. It's the chili that makes this place special. They have other ""stuff"" on the menu  and a coke for lunch.  The cheese was the individually wrapped American slices torn in 1 2 I would recommend it if you are looking for something off the uptown beaten path The onions are a sweet type like vidalia and they are choped real fine so they aren't lumpy. I usually get 2 all the way with a Pepsi. If you are looking for a really good hot dog I say give them a try and if you know of a better place let me know!" I guess my only real complaint about Green's is that it's not open on Sundays  but I just don't see what the big deal is about this place. When I first moved here everyone talked about how the hot dogs were as good as The Varsity in Atlanta. News tip: they aren't  great place to go Uptown for a quick bite to eat." One of the oldest hotdog   hamburger joints in Charlotte. Burgers and hotdogs are fresh and made to order. Charlotte Classic Ms T had a cheese burger which is not as good and I recommend you get the chili dogs here.  We were a little late Definitely worth a try if you've never been there." How is this place still in business?  They say this is best hotdog in Charlotte...really???? these crappy little chicken franks  are the best Charlotte has to offer...that's funny.  I have had better at any random hotdog cart downtown.  The chilli they use is worse than that mystery meat Texas Pete canned chilli.  Terrible terrible terrible A true Charlotte staple. Definitely stop by and grab lunch sometime soon! It's quick Most of the reviews here are on point.   We were there early so mostly had breakfast which was darned good.  I was not all that impressed with the chili-dogs frankly (sorry...pun).  ""Lost in time"" type of diner.  Def worth a shot if you've never been."  comfort food.  The hot dogs are average.  Their burgers  ANY BURGER-  is great.  I usually get a chili cheese burger.  Their breakfast is very  so I walked away and went to another dog stand... is this the way they normally do business with the hot dog cart??"  lovingly draped with chili and mustard then this is your spot.  It's the only thing we've eaten here and the dogs have that baseball park comforting goodness.  The people who work here are sweet and the place is clean.  Hit it up if you want some dogs!!" I used to eat here all the time when I worked closer to them.  I haven't been in an easy 10 years but went the other day for kicks and it was just as good and basically the same inside the place as it was the last time I was there.  Got two dogs all the way and a glass of water and I think I got out of there for around $4.50.  friendly staff also. Go to lunch here a few times a month."  sausage bacon and toast for about $3.75 and it's delicious. Awesome breakfast sandwiches as well. I don't know of anyone else in uptown Charlotte who can pull that off."  I have had better hot dogs from the Green's lunch cart located in front of Wells Fargo than the actual location.  Prices are the same I also saw that they have a breakfast menu...I will be stopping by one of these days for a quick breakfast sandwhich..."  and french fries.  No frills served on Styrofoam plates.  Interesting throw back to days gone by and that's their hook."  I wnted to speak up and mention they do offer breakfast witch is healthy and cheap!!  I have ordered a Tomato & Lettuce Sandwitch with homefries for only $3.22   Also I have walked out of here with one egg scrambled "The only place in town that has better dogs than Pinkys. If you don't like this place 6) They're open for Knights home games until 7pm"  cooked-to-order breakfasts for very reasonable prices.  I haven't made it in for lunch yet Chili Man dogs are FAR superior." So I'll give Ms Kim 5 STARS for being a Sweetheart  as my inner food diva is easily suppressed when a meal is under $6. I usually get two hot dogs for lunch and a soda. They are always warm. The bun stays together. Decent hot dog for a  decent price. I've had a bacon cheese biscuit for breakfast as well as sandwich. Both were just okay. My issue is that the cheese isn't one bit melted I've been going here my whole life even though it's not a very long one at the moment but every time I go it truly hits the spot for a delicious good ole fashion hot dog. They have been around since 1926 and I can clearly see why. Particularly it's cheap. They have awesome ice for drink as well as I am a huge fan of their chili. Next time you are downtown and the mood for a hot dog you can't go from with hittin Green's Lunch.  and that way wasn't that good and suggested the grilled cheese.  I mean...really?  They are a fast food lunch joint and don't even recommend their own burgers?" Great old school hot dog. The chili is great. Very affordable and a Charlotte institution.  maybe you will have a better experience than I did. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing on the wrong day. If I want hot dogs though "Stopped here for lunch and got two dogs all the way with fries. It's hard to judge hot dogs especially when they are nothing special. The food was really not anything worth writing home about  plus .25 for a handful of m&ms from the gumball machine.  Hot dogs are good too in an old school way.  In an uptown littered with overpriced So good!  Great place to grab lunch before a Panthers game!!  Greens is a Charlotte favorite that those if us who are natives have loved for years.  Best hot dog in Charlotte!  Great value and just a fun place to go.  it's affordable. Lunch normally runs me $7 or $8. Matt's is often packed with Wachovia employees at lunchtime. If you've got a flexible schedule  and enjoyed them immensely.  I just wish we had someplace like Matt's near MY workplace If you're looking for a hot dog in Chicago  but it is $4 for 30 mins or something crazy like that.  I drive past it and park in front of the Duke energy building at a meter and walk in for my fix.  The hot dogs are great  etc. but I only go for the hot dogs. Pleasant setting by an artsy greenbelt park tucked between bldgs in Uptown. I make a point to have lunch there on my fairly frequent visits to Charlotte." Overall it was a great hot dog.  i'll definitely stop in again before I leave Charlotte." "I am going to keep my rating four stars simply because I love their Chicago dogs  etc. You can get everything ""Carolina style"" too if you're so inclined. Located on The Green near Aquavina. Great outdoor seating on a nice day!" I definitely want to come back and try a few other menu items...I see a cheesy beef in my future."  the fries were mushy and soft but I am equal opportunity when it comes to fried potatoes and will eat whatever you put in front of me. $6 something for a lunch combo with side (fries or chips) and drink (free refills-holla!) is a great deal in my eyes and you can eat outside if the weather is nice. When I went in for a refill gpCtDCSXIoQx70cq9itfNA I digress. Tasteful decor is not a dealbreaker though. I'm sure I'll be back."  Michigan. I love a good chicago dog no matter where it came from and Matt knows how to make a good dog." There always seems to be a little bit of a confusion when you try and get your food from the counter. They'll call your number and you pick up your food with no problem  and romaine lettuce with a balsamic dressing. It is one of the best salads downtown!"  I usually end up getting the Italian cheesy beef thing dipped in its own juice... It comes loaded with meat and never fails to fill you up. Sit outside with a side homemade chips and you'll definitely get your money's worth." "great dogs for under $4.  The dogs were a little skinny I would definitely recommend Matt's Chicago Dog for anyone in the area."  a MUST for every trip to NC from now on."  seeing this was my only option to fill a craving I went for it.  Very good dog and the Carolina dog was on par and perhaps even better.  If visiting Charlotte (kinda pricey...combo #12 is a Two Dog Combo = 8.69 --- really????)"  I am looking forward to another visit when I am Uptown.  The fries (my daughter's) were not to my liking but the tea was acceptable.  The restaurant is small so stopping in before or after the lunch hour is probably a good idea if you want to get a seat.  However Good inexpensive eats. The have ridiculous combinations for dogs and burgers and the prices are extremely fare. I will definitely return the next time I am in Charlotte.  its truly a great dog!!!" It's so cheap that it's hard to complain but I can't say this was a particularly good chicago dog. Still for 3 bucks it's a good snack lunch and it's right next to where I work! Since its about a 15 minute walk from the hotel we stay at and no car it will see me for lunch again."  and Matt's is located on the first floor of what appears to be a newer condominium building. The entrance is adjacent to an outside green space area with multiple other shops and eateries nearby.  Fantastic seating outside and ample table space inside.  He went for the BBQ pork and I chose the Italian beef with cheese and hot peppers ( vs sweet). Au jus on the side  and that pesky craving for hot dogs? Totally slayed."  do Chgo proud and get the meatier   plump size dog to show NC what a Chgo dog is all about! C'mon Matt! remember your roots! Me and Da Coach will try it again in a few weeks - hope you can make the change and get it right!"  and the guy just stared at me like I was interrupting something that he had going on. I said Hi and he looked confused.....sooo before I placed my order I decided to give him some customer service 101......GREET!! I am amazed at the lack of individuals willing to at least do their jobs these days." For those who aren't getting a hot dog (yes at Matt's Chicago Dog) this is a review for you. I got the chicken salad sandwich to-go for lunch which came with chips and a container of fruit. The bread was great. The filling was okay. I had no trouble eating it for lunch and was relatively filling. There's a good amount of chicken in their chicken salad so not a lot of filler. The potato chips are thinly sliced but not very flavorful (It seemed unevenly salted). I finished off the lunch with a giant chocolate chip cookie which had the right level of sweetness but a bit too hard for my tastes. "Born and raised in Chicago so I am happy to find a place that serves Vienna dogs and also has Italian Beef the Chicago way.  The dogs were awesome and the beef was really good except I don't like Vienna's giardiniera relish....I prefer Marconis!  If Matt's used Marconi's relish instead and was able to get the Turano bread delivered fresh  even during busy service.  it's somewhat of a hike for me to do for lunch (from far east Charlotte) but it's certainly worth the time!" really good dogs and burgers! I have actually gone to Matt's Chicago Dog for lunch for 4 consecutive weeks. Great place for lunch. They have really fast service seemingly even when there is a crowd. I have made it my business to try a few different things all of the items I've had were great. My only complaint would be on the homemade fries. Be sure to check your order because you do not want them cold. Definitely plan on going back.  best hotdogs I've had in a long time. The Carolina dog is great Somewhat cheap and very good = good lunch spot." So overall I love Matt's as it does provide me with a LITTLE taste of home. I can only hope that SOMEONE opens up a REAL CHICAGO PIZZA place here in Charlotte....while I love thin pizza  bits of sausage and tangy tomato sauce inside. Sooooo good..... Do yourself a favor and get 2 of them and thank me after. I grew up in the Chicago area and everything here is just like I remember it. I just saw that they are now serving Chicago-style deep dish pizza! Can't wait to give it a try. They also have Vienna Beef hot dogs which are literally the best hot dogs you'll ever eat. I like to eat them with fries and cheese. Ask for extra crunchy fries because they tend to be soft OK... I haven't had a chicago dog here (gasp!) but all the rest of the food I have had here has been very solid so I am sure their Chicago dogs are great.  It's not Chicago The cheese used for the cheese fries is an absolute ""boooo!"". I will not try those again." Made to order jalapeo poppers were amazing! Such a fun place to try as we were visiting charlotte for the day! This location is really convenient to my office so I find myself there at least a couple times a month and will continue doing so as long as they remain consistent in what they do." I guess after all the raving about the roast beef I need to try the hot dogs. It will be hard to ignore that sandwich though."  My fiance ordered the Bratwurst......which tasted horrible. My order was Perfection!!!! Also the weather was beautiful today. Unfortunately this location is closed on Saturday's.......boooo! I hear the Deepdish pizza is DeeeeeLish! Anywho  I would go again and would recommend this place if you are in the mood for a hot dog." Staff was really friendly and drove this review to 4 stars." This is the best place to visit when you're craving a good dog!" This place was a home run !!!  Many hot dog and burger choices.    They even gave us a free refill on our sweet tea !"  a line will sometime go out the doors and their is a wait as they make your food fresh.  I recommend sticking with their hot dogs and sausages  and the lunch combo is a great deal. It's also in a good location on a small park   courtyard with some outdoor seating options" "I seriously crave their pizza puffs!!! They are the best thing ever. Filled with gooey cheese and pepperoni. I haven't tried anything else but if you ever get the chance to go  each time the meat was tough - under cooked perhaps to stretch the serving portion. I kept thinking I got a bad batch but the sandwiches are pretty expensive so I won't be giving it another shot. They use Vienna beef so I would suggest cooking the meat longer and giving the customer a decent portion." The manager here is super nice. The food is consistently great. If you are in uptown or near another location I implore you to try this place out. I eat at the one in uptown during lunch dates with co-workers and the manager there always does a great job and remembers the regulars. This is something I greatly appreciate! Keep up the good work. they dissaper fast since carl jr. took over  and those hamburgers are fantastic!  Food quality is what I'd expect at a good sit-down restaurant." Horrible customer service and when I talked to the manager she apologized but you can tell she didn't care.  the service is good and the burgers are great. Well worth the trouble of navigating this weird   extremely slow.  Don't waste your money or time here. Go to another location if possible."  all I heard was the white trash manager complaining and being rude to the customers. They need to fire the shift leader or whatever she is Asap!!" The service was great. The young lady at the drive-through window was very competent and friendly. However the stores appearance was lightweight disgusting. Had that off odor of not clean. Parking lot have matzoh degree. Also did you hear my order correctly. I ordered a quarter pound they gave me a 1 3 pound. The moonshine burger is excellent.  tv always on showing ""the game"" and there is a pinball machine and a Ms. Packman.  Waca waca waca...."  super Chicago divey-chic I am Sean's unfulfilled yearning."  along with there chili cheese fries. This place can not be beat. And if your a Chicago fan you will love it the whole place is decorated with Chi-town memorabilia." CONS: Can't really think of anything." Where is Dorothy's slippers???  There's no place like home...there's no place like home..." I cant give 5 stars because of their messed up hours.. WTF is 8pm as a closing time?!" You HAVE to try this!"  but it was still very busy at what appeared to be the tail end of the lunch rush.  Don't look at the walls or under the tables and you'll be fine."  if you're a transplant from the Midwest and a fan of White Castle they are not exactly like that.  They are bigger but a good percentage of the slider goodness you're used to.  I still go to the Castle when I go back home for Christmas  eating there makes me feel manly. Enough said."  but my taste buds say YES. and who am i going to listen to? the taste buds every time. i love these kind of establishments and urge everyone to support the business and ignore their arteries as well!"  which I happen to like. Got a box in my freezer right now actually. But that's the thing - my favorite restaurant veggie burgers are the ones I don't eat at home on a regular basis. Bun was standard grocery store bun The Chicago Hamburger Company will make you forget that you're in the land of strip malls and chain restaurants. It's feels like a real neighborhood joint. Next up "Great place to grab a slider.  Have a banana milkshake.  They're delicious.  The Italian beef is a great sandwich too.  Hot giardiniera is the best on top.  Service is always great here Great burger place. Very similar to Ted's in Tempe. Closed on Sundays. the grilled chicken sandwich hold the mayo add ketchup and mustard and the fries - off the chain!  minus one star because it should stay open later.  love the sliders. Better than White Castle and definitely better than that rip off place we have here in Orlando called Krystal."  but the Chicago Hamburger Co. was everything that I was craving and more."  we got out of there for about 20 bucks which is great for the wallet.  For a quick cheap meal that makes you feel less guilty than going to McDonald's  then this is the place for you! It's certainly not a flashy place. The interior could certainly do with some improvements Fantastic  Sliders!!  Give this girl some sliders and chili fries and all is right with the world. This is quick food done right!  but really...sliders are the reason to go to Chicago Hamburger." This place is all right." All in all this is gonna be one of my go to places here in Phoenix.  YUM!!!" It's not quite like the White Castle variety This is your quintessential Chicago dog place.  They do a great job on all their dogs/sausages.  We also tried their sliders and Italian beef which were both good also but the Chicago dogs were definitely that thing to get here.  I would recommend this place to anybody craving a Chicago dog and sliders.  and a medium coke. As an adult this order has never changed. I highly recomend this place to anyone who wants to indulge in a good burger. My one regret so far is I still have yet to try a slider from here. Also the cheese fries are amazing! Enjoy." I love this place.  Great sliders and thats the only thing I get.  perfect slight pink inside.  Dogs are loaded with goodies with the right amount of kick.  Onion rings are crispy  old-fashioned American food. You won't be disappointed if you eat here. The decor is fabulously retro  served on Saturdays. Pretty solid dog and burger spot right in my hood. It made me think that PHX does actually get a good mix of culture from across the country/world. My top spot in the valley for Hot dogs would still be Ted's iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug I have not been here in years and am wondering why.  I thought I was back home in Chicago when I walked in. This place is the real deal!  Chicago memorabilia on the walls the help in red white and blue ( ala cubs) t-shirts... and oh yeah!  Great Vienna hotdogs with the nuclear green relish.  I also had a two cheeseburger sliders.  Very tasty as well. windy city day buckaroo." Super yummy comfort food!" It is safe to assume that I'll be back to this place to try more of their food. Next time I'm definitely getting a Chi-town dog! =)"  it was okay. We had better. Items were nice and hot. Business seemed a little to crowded with memorabilia. We will try again when we are in town again  they are wicked efficient in clearing the ordering line and then they pump through the orders like nobody's business.  My burger was delicious and soooooo juicy.  The cheese was all gooey and melty and the bacon was thick and crunchy.  Perfect!  To top things off  and shakes. Other people have said they have good steak and cheese sandwiches. Parking situation is not very good." The hot dogs here are always scrumptious and the fries aren't too shabby either. The chocolate shake however is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good. It is the best hot dog place in the Biltmore area hands down. Tasty burgers and onion rings. Clean and friendly. I'd go back again. Best sliders in town! I went here every week in HS. It gets busy though. Park around the corner. Great food and a wonderful family run business. there is not alot to say about this place.  there are only a handful of tables and you order lunch counter style however what they lack in size they make up for in Chicago memorabilia... oh yea did i mention that their sliders are stinking awesome???!!!!" Sorry Chicago Hamburger Co I really really wanted to like you." Or I suppose I could just try something else the next time  The sliders are very simular to white castle's and I wasn't very impressed with the dogs but it was fairly cheap and you got a lot of food. Fun little location. I did buy a shirt haha." iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug This place is awesome.  A true representation of an old Chicago style burger joint.  The food is great and service is good.  No complaints here.  The sliders are amazing and the dog is wonderful too.  You won' be disappointed with this place! "Went there for lunch today....I was craving a burger when a coworker suggested this place.  It was exactly what I was looking for.  The sliders reminded my of a place that I frequented in Hackensack  I was initially introduced by a friend who knew that I was originally from Illinois and missed some good old fashioned Midwest comfort food. My first venture there I tried their Italian beef sandwich "four cheese sliders with everything and a medium dr. pepper - and you're getting out of there for under $7. i will be back many a times to check out everything else they got. i like their style - laid back  ""eh"" on the hamburger and I had the same opinion on the hot dog.  Nothing special and I have definitely had better - even at a roadside stand.  The service and atmosphere were great along with the prices Next time I'll try the hot dogs." Every Friday the owner of the company I work for springs for lunch for all 30 employees and today I had the pleasure of picking our order up from Bob "This ain't no diet joint! When you want the real deal from sliders to shakes "Great Italian Beef Sandwich!! I have been looking for this kind of sandwich for some time. Little did I know it was right down the street from us. I am not a big fan of sliders My dad has been going to this place quit awhile now.  I have been lucky enough to go with him a handful of times.  This place will make all Chicago sports fans proud.  A little too much Cubs stuff for a South sider like myself but the food makes it all worth it.  I had the sliders this last time and they were great.  The fries that went with were just as fantastic.  I can't wait till the next time my dad and I can go visit Bob and have a great Chicago experience in the middle of the desert.  but their tuna salad is the most pleasant pale green color I have ever seen.  It's because they put relish in it.  Lots of delicious relish.  I am in love with their sandwiches  shakes and hot dogs. The food is good and it's such a unique place."  but if you go during 2 to 3 its nice and calm."  and sliders from Chicago are one of the things I miss most about Phoenix." "just got done throwing down a loaded cheddar dog. can't complain one bit. this place is starting to grow on me and i haven't even had a normal sized cheeseburger or special burger yet. or a shake... or a polish sausage... man Will be back for the shake or the patty melt." "Sliders are the reason I first started to go here; but I have grown to love the other food.  Always wanted to try White Castle; so  just the dirt that comes from a well-worn well-known place.  The staff and cooks toil hard yet are always quick and friendly.  The food is great.  It's not backyard bbq good - - - it's hole-in-the-wall kinda good.  The shakes are great.  The prices are even better.  My daughter always wins a stuffed animal from the ""Claw Arcade Game"" - - - although it's probably cause I give her 20 quarters.  She and I both love the sliders.  They have a good flatscreen that always has a game on.  The only thing that would make me want to stay longer or go more frequently would be to put Galaga instead of Pac-Man.  Also I have been going past this place wanting to try it for a while but never made it in until last night.  I ordered the sliders because it's called Chicago Hamburger Co for a reason.  I got two double's with cheese.  They were really good and just hit the spot.  I got an order of onion rings and a chocolate malt to go with them.  I love how this place has malts not too many places make them anymore.  This place is what it is a great burger place that is not for the health conscious people but hey they aren't trying to be.  but its a great place for good food"  they are fantastic!!  I think the soft and chewy roll is what makes them so damn addictive!!  I have actually never tried anything else on the menu because all I know is that when I go here all I want is sliders!!  The decor of this place is really cool as well.  All stuff Chicago sports.  Although I'm not a fan of Chicago I understand this place.  If a place like this existed in Phoenix that had all things Boston I would love it!  I really don't have much more to say though about the place since I have only tried one thing but I will say this.  The staff is friendly and if the the Cubs ever win the World Series  burgers and dogs are great!  Makes us feel like we are back in Chicago without all the snow!"  so I think I may have to come back to give them a try." This place is truly a gem." "I work pretty close by and it has been a great place to pick up lunch. I usually call it in and they have it ready in less than ten minutes. My only problem is they have so many great choices on the menu that deciding on lunch is a struggle. I always like to get at least one cheese slider.  I can vouch for the Polish and Fire dogs. They come wrapped with fries so you really dont have to order any. I've had the Italian Beef.  The bbq beef I always like the mix of people that go to this place. Feels like the burger joint in the town I grew up in. Last time there was a teenage couple on a date  because no place in metro Phoenix that I know of has hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches (with red sauce if you want it) as close to real Chicago taste as here. So good. Great fries  a hotdog and fries and enjoyed every bite! I got a hamburger and onion rings and was very satisfied! I also really like their root beer shake. Blended perfectly! 4 stars all the way! :)" AWESOME banana shake!" Can't get enough of this place!  My faves are the single cheese sliders and the frito pie.  The zuccini is also very good.  These little hole in the wall joints are always the best.  Don't judge a book by it's cover!! The sliders have to be the best thing they offer.  The veggie burger was dry and a bit yucky.  The cheese fries are so gross they are GOOD "Terrific sliders! Great Italian beef... way better than Lukes Italian beef.  This is a little hole in the wall that has been there forever.  It's one of those gems that all the people in the local neighborhood know about! The Italian beef was out of this world.  Juicy  that is my biggest complaint.  The staff is super nice and will even give out free re-fills.  You can't beat that.  I'm excited to head back to try the rest of the menu including their full sized hamburgers and their chili cheese fries.  Might have to wait until next month  minus the mustard. SO great!!!"  but I've had much better.  Would not go again since I think there are better places out here." "This is the best place to go for sliders! I haven't had anything I didn't like there. Older building but full of character  which does suck. But the only reason is because it's soooo good.  Even on weekdays during dinner time.  DO NOT go during lunch hour without phoning in your order "reminds me of back home in Chicago. Love the atmosphere They need a bigger parking lot." Greatest thing about Chicago Hamburger is that it is always good food in your typical small place." Chicago Hamburger Co. has done for the Windy City what others like Ted's Hot Dogs and even Long Wongs have done for Buffalo: brought a bit of their local flavor to Phoenix. With this and the hard working staff to their credit If I was including the years of positive experiences I have had with my family at  this location I would add another star." The only problem ......... their way to busy." iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug  comfort food at its best.  The fries are great Pretty decent place with good food. I had 3 sliders with the all the basic toppings (onions/pickles) and fries "Chicago dog was awesome! Everything else not so good. Chili cheese fries sucked Amazing place to eat. A hole in the wall that makes you feel at home. A hidden gem in Phoenix for those who love East coast yummies like sliders and hot dogs! I've heard people rave about this place but like I told my wife...if I was nearby This place is A-Ok...hence the 3 stars.  Not my favorite but not something to avoid either.  The sliders were tasty when ordered with everything on it.  They were larger then I expected.  The chili dog was decent.  The chili was a bit sweeter then I would have liked.  The fries were also decent.  One of the let downs- no Chicago dog...that's right no Chicago dog on the menu of a Chicago hamburger joint with floor to ceiling Chicago memorabilia.  They had a whole list of other hot dogs so it was bit of a let down.  The place felt a little dusty but I think they meant for it to feel like an old diner.  The customer service was excellent and I think I would be open to trying a few other items on the menu.  I would return just not too often. The place is small and can get busy during lunch but it also has a very comfy home feeling." I am from Chicago and I feel places should be care full about trying to title there places with anything CHICAGO in AZ. Those are mighty big shoes to fill! With that said this place is totally over rated...I mean We got a hot dog served as a sandwich....NOT IN CHICAGO!!! For this I will stick to what the Valley is  known for and go to In and Out or Lenny's!!! Quit it!!!!!!! I hope to try more things here and find something I like more than their hamburgers."  and the shake was amazing. A bit out of the way for me now but I would stop by if I was in the area." The food and the staff are all #1!! LOVE this place! Thank you CHC for all the LOVE you put in every order! Having a day where you need a pick me up!! Go to Chicago Hamburger Company located at 3749 E Indian School rd. Enjoy all the love in the food and from the staff. You will walk out with a bigO grin and a VERY VERY happy belly!! Having a good day stop by make it a GREAT day!! I LOVE CHC!!! I don't think I'll have to twist that hard though!  ;)" Best sliders in Phoenix so 5 stars cause its as good as it gets. Overall pretty good.  Would eat there again Great little place at a reasonable price." We will most defiinitely return." "I live right down the street and this is one of the best places to swing by (off hours are the best because it's not as busy) and just pick up a bag of sliders to chow down on.  Hadn't heard about the ""Philly style"" cheesesteak; I'm going to have to try that out soon!" Great TURKEY BURGERS: The BF loved the hamburger bun (he's a stickler about that) Fries are ehhh. Can't wait to go back and try other turkey sandwiches.  and the sliders. They also have some of the BEST milkshakes. The ppl are always friendly here. I have been going to this restaurant for years and have never been disappointed."  but this place didn't live up to the expectations.  I ordered a Cheddar Burger and a Vienna Hot Dog.  The burger was awful; it had no flavor whatsoever.  In-N-Out blows this place out of the water "This is a great place to swing by and eat or get to go.  We have been getting the sliders (Double Meat + Cheese = Delicious) mostly.  The fried zucchini is ridiculously good.  Overall The sliders are great! I easily ate 9 of them! Definitely stop in for a burger fix" 1/3 cheddar burger with all toppings.  You wish more places and owner/operators existed like this. You wont be disappointed!!!" "Skip the full-sized burger and order sliders; my fiance was eyeing mine jealously. Added crispy-not-oily onion rings  when I'm not in the mood for a burger their Chicago dogs are awesome (fully loaded w/all the fixings). Their french fries are my favorite  & atmosphere good like Chicago.  Had onion rings which had too much batter and not enough onion A nice treat for under $10.00." Good Sliders and Chili Cheese Fries  by the way and in the future I need to be careful when I have a pre -existing digestive bug." iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug  the condiments table is super dirty Service is good and the environment and decor can't be beat!  All Chicago Lived in Phoenix all my life and just recently came here to eat.  Absolutely delicious.  I got a cheeseburger with everything on it except pickles; the beef was a little pink and the burger was messy...in other words really tasty! "This place is amazing. cheap but great food and really nice staff.  the place has a great atmosphere with old Chicago stuff.  Their hot dogs are great. I personally love the chili dog.  The sliders are great too and  the french fries are the type that are amazing when warm but are still amazing when there cold.  You can also get authentic cheese fries  what else do u want me to say?  I didn't try sliders but will do next time.  Chicagoans can breathe easier when in PHX." "Ehhh... Kind of expensive for what you get. Burgers are soggy and the fries taste like they are cooked in old oil. Place is kind of dirty and parking is a nightmare.  Nothing special here "Food just OK.  Health inspection was a ""B"".  Doesn't look clean.  Makes you wonder!" I frequent this place often. It's a Dive and I love it. The owner is this older hippie guy that is super friendly and down to earth. A must to try is a great peanut butter shake.  I love it. Awesome!! Every time I am in town I stop here. Same ownership for years. Great service and reasonably priced. I had the sliders and a Chicago dog. It was awesome as always!! Don't miss this place when your in the area.  and I bought one of their t-shirts!" I love this place. The chili fries are AMAZING! The best peanut butter shake I've ever had. Get it and you will not be disappointed. The ambiance just makes the food so much better." I'd reccomend this place if you're ever in the area." great great food and service The garlic fries were ok but I had some of the chili cheese fries my friend ordered and those were better. The portions were very large and they had game 7 of the Chicago Bulls vs Brooklyn Nets game on... Perfect. I was trying to rush home to catch the game but now I was able to enjoy this good Chicago style food while watching the Bulls beat the Nets."  the customer service was horrible! I called in an order and asked for it to be split into three. When I arrived to pay the man at the register basically scolded me telling me he wasn't going to make other people wait in line while he split my order. The person on the phone did not tell me this was a policy. I won't be back. He was rude and it was completely uncalled for. Maybe the person taking phone orders needs some training!" "My exec recommended this place to me and man was he right! Best burger I've had in a long time. Counter service which is still super friendly and while I had to wait a while for my meal  Have been coming here since I was a child. I'm 28 now. Still come here." I would definitely go back and try their other daily specials whenever I'm going to be in the neighborhood the next time.  Good food  fries were about 1 minute under-cooked and you could tell if it had cooked that one extra minute they would have been awesome.   We called ahead to pick up and they were very fast and friendly.  I'm a fan."  they are ridiculously cheap. My fiance and I will go and barely go over $10 for the both of us. I definitely recommend going. If you are a native Chicagoan This place is a Dive that is a best kept secret. The owner is a down to earth hippie kind of guy. He's always accommodating and friendly. :-) We frequent this place often and have always enjoyed the food."  and best got dogs! Another favorite-the grilled chicken salad. Deeeelish! Chocolate and pb shakes are great too!"  I think they should open on Sundays. Its not like they're open till late at night on weekdays."  the staff was really nice and they had a fun pinball machine we played while waiting. The space is completely covered in Chicago memorabilia which helped break the ice into interesting conversation. The food was alright in my opinion. I had very high expectations which might have clouded my judgement. The sliders had tiny patties I get the veggie burger and my gosh it is DELISH!! We also get the garlic fries and zucchini as sides. However the fried tend to be greasy Great sliders! Went here for lunch yesterday with a friend of mine and we used a Groupon. It's not the first time I've been as whenever I'm craving a slider this is where I head to. I love their cheese sliders and french fries. Yesterday I tried a new menu item - garlic fries. They were okay but I don't think I would get them again. If you are into Chicago's sports teams then you would love this place. All the walls are covered with Chicago sports team memorabilia. You do have to get here early as the place fills up quickly but they do get the orders out fast. They have great prices and it's a good value for lunch. 500 toward the fight of this metabolic disorder. You not only have a great place for fantastic eats but you have a wonderful heart. Thanks again  I'd try to eat here once a week for a daily special that I liked." "I went there on a Monday and had the special which was a Chicago style hotdog and fries. I also ordered a slider with cheese. The hotdog was a Vienna Beef hotdog trimmed with the things that make a Chicago dog  obviously. The food wasn't that great :/ heard good reviews about the place and just wasn't ""wowed"". I ordered the sliders which the lady at the counter recommended as a favorite. She also told me to order more than one since there was just a 1 ounce hamburger patty on each. Didn't taste any better than McDonald's   I don't know ANYONE who doesn't at least like it...and most of us love it!" "They close at 8 but will serve the person in front of you if they know them and the doors are unlocked at 8:30. Oh Think I'll head over right now!!" ToYd5W6xK7e17geh__luUw I only wish they were open past 8 PM to satisfy late-night cravings!  :-)"  and sliders. Bratwurst on Wednesdays and Saturdays (which is my favorite). A couple of TV's with sports on. The French fries are great always super fresh and crispy  I would only return for the $4.85 Hot Dog which comes with French Fries." Amazing for what it is...sliders and the banana shake can't be beat...best shake in arizona. Spend the extra 60 cents for the banana upgrade.  try the fire dogs. The only reason I have this 4 stars and not 5 is  which I happened to bring a few visits ago. Their seating inside is pretty comfortable as well. The tables aren't crowding each other and the memorabilia all over the walls is interesting to look at."  the owner is one of the nicest people and treats all of his customers like family even if it is their first time there." "Simply the best! I have been eating here since I was a kid and still love it to this day.  The sliders are my go-to choice but the wings and full size hamburgers are delicious also.  Bob and the staff are great and everyone is treated the same Maybe the best Chicago-style hot dog in the city.  Hot thick fries.  The banana milkshake is a winner.  Friendly counter staff and fast service.  Fun old Chicago sports and Blues decor. Parking can be difficult at lunch. Anytime I am in the area I am coming back. Do yourself a solid and get down here." Damn good sliders and polish.  Says it was given best fries award but I didn't see anything great about them.  My only gripe would be that I didn't get any peppers on my polish but I didn't know I had to ask for them.  Id definitely go back and explore the menu it was tasty. What a great greasy spoon.  If sliders are what you are craving this place will satisfy your cravings.  Chili cheese fries were really good too.  I would have given it five stars but service was a tad bit slow.  Really good food and overall staff friendliness  chi town environment. Classic stop on this side of town." "I can't believe I've never posted a review on the Chicago hamburger co. It must be true....we DO have a tendency to take the best things in life for granted. 1st timer? Can't go wrong with sliders and fries. Pretty sure there are magic unicorn chefs steam cooking the juiciest most flavorful sliders you've ever experienced in the kitchen. The owner is always working the counter (cool dude in the bandana) Went here for lunch 2 dogs Chicago style and cheese fry great food!!! These guys treat you great. Food was fast good loves my experience here.  wife had not been back n 10 years. First stop of the plane is to head here and order a 'Beef' and Chicago Dog. Hands Down the best outside of Chicago. Have seen some people complain about the prices but hey "Seriously the BEST veggie burgers in town (IMO)!  I've been craving one for about 2 weeks now  blindfold me and I would swear they were White Castles. I love all the memorabilia...well except for the White Sox stuff.  All kidding aside It takes every ounce of restraint not to stop here when I drive past This place is capital A Authetic. I guess you could call it the cats meow. The second you walk in from your buisy work day you feel welcomed by the aroma of burger. The owner Bob is a great guy just ask him for the catch of the day. Always blows me away just like the windy city. Gotta love this place! Great Sliders but my favorite is the Italian Beef. I had two cheese burgers sliders and a super-thick vanilla shake.  We split some fries.  It may have been my favorite meal in Arizona!  The quality of it all was fantastic.  We stayed until closing (it's only open until 8pm  sweet and hot peppers are a must and the fires are always constantly crispy.(usually order mine extra crispy) Longer wait but totally worth it. Good food The best sliders in az! Hands down and fire dog chicago style mhmm ... a must have arizona eatery ! "Great place. The sports decor on the wall really sets a fun atmosphere. I had the firedog with the amazing neon green relish and it was awesome. Also tried the special of the day which was sloppy joes One word...SLIDERS!!!!!!! Absolutely the best. You can't just have one! It's a great addition to the Arcadia neighborhood!"  great ambience and excellent food. 2/3 lb burger and Cheese fries are great!" Love their sliders! Everything is good here. Recommended. Perfect place to come to for burgers and dogs! Especially if you're from Chicago and miss White Castle ;) they definitely makeup for it with their excellent sliders I also had their thick shake on my second trip here. I tried the chocolate peanut butter banana milkshake. It was creamy  very small parking lot. The place is also a bit small & run down. But don't let that stop you from enjoying the best sliders in town! I drive in from Goodyear to eat here  makes a fun atmosphere to eat a classic meal. Makes you feel like you're at the ballpark or the stadium. I'll never stop coming back. Sliders and milkshakes...enough said."  and there are now codes that dictate how high to mount a urinal and soap dispensers...just sayin'." I love his place great food customer service is excellent. I showed up an hour after ordering food and he remade it for me! Awesome place! Closest you get to the real Chicago thing! The place is wallpapered in Chicago paraphernalia Great spot for authentic Chicago sliders in Phoenix. I have been coming here for many years but have not been here in a long time. Same great quality food fast friendly service. If you're missing Chicago style food you have to hit this place up They even have a Rahm Emanuel for Mayor poster."  hot dogs.  the owner and staff are great." Fries and milkshakes are great too." Great burgers at a great price not much else to say just come in if you can get a parking spot. Great sliders and awesome for any native of Chicago.  I take consultants there and they love it.  Peanut butter shakes are the best. Great Chicago dog and awesome sliders for a decent price. Love the Chicago memorabilia decor all around the place. Love everything about this place! Awesome sliders/burgers! Most of all they really have authentic Vienna beef! A great place to have lunch. "Don't go for the sliders! Drove 25 miles to try the sliders and was terribly disappointed. First off They do get pretty busy but they are still always fast. I really can't say enough good things about this place." Fantastic fast service - good food and service - good quick bite for lunch had a 2/3 burger the first visit - wonderful and the Italian beef - good (little heavy on the peppers) Went here on my birthday for lunch the other day. There is nothing fancy I can say here at all except just REAL GOOD FOOD! I will be back when i feel like eating bad for you food. one of my coworkers said to go eat at chicago hamburger company so I figured I'd try it when we arrived at the restaurant the menu was poor quality you couldn't tell what was on each burger any other side items. I figured and I'll see what the food is like. so I ordered a Philly cheese steak cheese fries and a soda and the best part of the meal was the soda. Can to around $13 for a Philly cheesesteak in order a cheese fries and the soda the Philly cheese steak was bland at best and the fries didn't even taste like they had cheese on them if it weren't for the yellow stuff that looks like it was liquid over the top I wouldn't have suspected that they were cheese fries because they also had no flavor. I will never eat here again and will never recommend this place to anyone.  the milkshake tasted great and you could tell they used real peanut butter in it. The fries were thick cut and not very greasy but lacked any real seasoning and that is with the additional cajun seasoning I added. The polish had a great bun and the dog itself was pretty decent. The relish looked so radioactively green that I'm not entirely sure what it was made of. The two small bits of tomato looked great Great place!  Excellent hot dogs and friendly staff.  Will visit again.  Want to try the beef sandwich next. Whatever happened to California Coolers and the original Bartles & James?" iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug  1 cheese and 1 double cheese slider with everything. About 4 minute wait time and my 3 paper wrapped bundles arrived. I unwrapped them and all were squashed by the wrapping process but they looked similar to what I have been craving. After my first bite the disappointment began to hit me. The flattened buns were huge compared to the thin piece of beef steamed on re-hydrated onion flakes "Came here for the 1st time my husband been from Chicago   I will go back. My overall experience was a great one Amazing food and service! Bobs bad ass burger is a must! The ambiance makes you wanna visit Chicago! Sloppy joes are amazing too. Great spot and Bob is personal and very kind  I do like that they put actual beans in their chili (as a Texas boy I grew up having it that way) but overall lacked flavor. The cheese is cheese sauce but was a little bland for my taste. Some of the fries were slightly undercooked but the order came out hot. Not sure what happened there. On to the sliders. As most reviewers of the sliders (I assume) I am basing my experience with White Castle Living in Arizona but living in Chicago many years of my life. I would say this place is pretty close to the amazement of Chicago's food. The Sliders were amazing juicy and fresh. I even broke my vegetarian diet or it!  and not ""The Chicago Style Hotdog Company"" for a reason... Maybe one day I'll go try a burger - but not another hot dog." Burgers themselves were 3/5. Add in the the old school ambiance and friendly service and its bumped up to 4/5" Great food and reasonably priced. Had the Windy City sliders and a chili cheese dog. Comes with more fries than you could ever eat and the milkshakes are pretty dang good. Worth the drive for my family An awesome atmosphere with food just as good. Highly recommend the cheesy fries. Owner is very interactive with customers. Very good place to eat. 1twxJQ1UUzA765OS_4r0Ow  this is your place! Don't expect anything fancy or healthy but expect your tastebuds to dance once you take a bite! My boyfriend and I stopped in here on Monday to grab some sliders for an afternoon snack (I know I stop in for lunch at least once every couple of weeks  great ownership; have been coming here for years and never had a bad experience." At CHC the sliders are the stars of the show. Get several and be a happy camper. Also don't miss their shakes and fried zucchini." I have also had the cheddar Burger here and that is fantastic. Real cheddar like back home. Ask for that on the side with your fries. Really good stuff."  as these are microwaved as well. Definitely not fresh beef grilled in minced onions fresh off the grill like a slider should be. If you lived in Michigan and were lucky enough to ever had Bates or Brays ... this is not even close. I wish AZ had a place like Bates. I can't find one. And White Castle burgers are not real sliders; I don't know why anyone would want to replicate that." "I spend a lot of time trying as many burger joints as possible and I'm hard to please. I've been eyeing this place for weeks and I'm so glad I finally tried them out. I got the sliders and fries  simple food. nothing too special but good when your crazing a simple burger and fries" "If you haven't tried Chicago Hamburger Co. and you like juicy burgers you need to try this place! Burgers are juicy and thick. It always smells delicious when you walk in. I ordered the western burger and it was amazing!! Also ordered the chili cheese fries which were freshly cooked. Check out this place The salad with chicken is amazing and so much food everything is home made the dressings and the hummus."  this is the ""hole in the wall"" type place you are looking for. Not the best burger I've had but pretty good. Not the fastest service" "I'm rating the turkey burger. First off I think their price of $5.10 is definitely worth the 1/3 lb of turkey burger you get. Every time I receive my order I forget how large this is. I almost have to save some for later. I've also had their garlic fries. They warn you that they are a little on the heavy side and I appreciate that but personally I prefer the onion rings if I do decide on adding a side to my burger. I've had their shakes which are extremely good but one of my favorite aspects of this place is the service and personality. I love feeling welcomed every time I go. Today I ordered my lunch by phone and when I arrived to pick it up with no wait they had my order ready and the cashier happily announced that "" Yay If you're ever in the area and in the mood for a great burger  and great atmosphere. The owner is very friendly. A Phoenix icon that has been around for many many years. Worth a visit. My husband and I had cheese sliders and french fries. Give this place a try." I came on a Thursday when they sell sloppy joes so of course I had to try them. They were a good mix of sweet and savory and were definitely very sloppy. The fries were your typical thick cut fries. The best part about this place though is the atmosphere. Chicago paraphernalia is everywhere and the guys in the back are really friendly. "I'm waiting for my dogs now.... This place does it right. Feel like I am back home on the North side... Vienna hot dogs I have yet to try other menu items besides the sliders and hot dogs because I always just want a hot dog when I go there but one day I will branch out. Their prices are incredibly reasonable and their staff is always friendly. The parking can get hectic when it's a busy time so be prepared for that. Now...can someone bring me a hot dog?!" iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug  and I more or less enjoyed the simple ambiance as I sat there watching people cycle through." Excellent service and excellent food. This is a must stop for any lunchtime visit. I personally think the coleslaw is outstanding. This place gets quite busy but they are FAST! A must try while in the area." I was excited to try out this place but it is just not good. Decor is tiresome and food is tasteless. Pretty affordable and service is alright but still not worthwhile to give another shot. My dad brought me here as a kid and I continue to come til this day. I normally stick to the sliders with no onions no mustard and a side of cheese fries. On occasion I'll venture over to the fried zucchini and the hot dogs. It's all good! The inside makes me feel like I'm filming a scene in a Ferris Bueller movie.  it said ""sloppy joe's"".  I really get turned off when bad grammar or spelling are used on a menu.  I had a big urge to erase the apostrophe on that whiteboard ;)  The staff were friendly and my burger was done within 10 minutes.  The burger was good.  I'll stop by again when I'm out that way." The Chicago Hamburger Co. is always on my list when in AZ and I am from Chicago.  The food is simply fantastic and quite frankly better than many places I can hit at home.  Bob/owner is right in the heat of the kitchen to ensure things are done right and the customers are enjoying themselves.  Top notch! "The best sliders in the valley! They make everything fresh and hot there! I got there like every week for lunch! The owner and staff are very friendly  but the cheeseburger my husband had was the smallest I've ever seen. It did not come anywhere close to the edges of the bun and was abnormally small. We double checked the receipt to see if they misunderstood and gave him a kid's burger. But no he even opted for lots of toppings no to bad of a hole in the wall the burger reminded me of fat burger with the relish on it the bun was average the sauce was tasty the price is cheaper than most that put it to 4 stars the banana shake is OK a best vanilla ice-cream with pieces of banana the device is grate for a counter if you are my n the area worth the drive bye "The Italian beef brought me back to memories of sweet home Chicago. And the shakes are ah-mazing! I loved all the Chicago memorabilia  there'll never need to be a White Castle in Phoenix.  The sliders are comparable to White Castle's.  But here's where Chicago Hamburger Co. has the edge: more meat & less soggy.  If it's 4:25 ;-) "I had high expectations because I'm born in Illinois and KNOW how Chicago gets down in the culinary arena.  This little place did not disappoint! My boss (from Chicago) offered to pick up carry out for us.  I ordered the cheese sliders "I've now eaten here twice and I have to say I'm embarrassed that they call this a ""Chicago"" restaraunt being also from Chicago. Both times the fries were under-cooked and the hot dog buns were stale. Staff was not friendly. I'm also surprised these are Vienna dogs...very small.  First time I ordered cheese fries and got cold but good Merkts cheese....second time I got nasty watery cheese sauce. Last time for me to visit..I'll head back to Portillos." Been here dozens of times. Never had a bad experience. Owner is always there with a smile and food is solid. Earned another loyal customer. iNvY0zAlaD_ye7Z6rHu-Ug When I need a Chicago fix for a slider or a dog this is my go to. Check it out and let me know if you don't agree. Love Bobby and his energy to keep a great place humming every time go. Excellent food and service. Fun simple vibe. Ive been there Hundreds of Times And Its Always Fantastic! guess I Should Bring my Grandkids cause its never too early to start a Family Tradition"  this is your spot.  You could honestly spend all day here and still find something new to look at.  The owner obviously misses his hometown but he found a way to bring it to Phoenix and he does it with a smile.  We tried both the Chicago sliders and the Chicago dog.  The sliders were okay but probably nothing I'd order again.  They come in the White Castle style and I'm sure those who grew up eating that get a sense of nostalgia with them  last weekend I wanted to try to eat healthier and ordered a side salad along with my sliders and halfway through I found a dead fly in my salad. Disgusting. It will be a while before we return here. Sad because the burgers were quite good 