The hotel in general was easy to get to and very easy to get back onto to freeway from. The hotel was clean and the people who worked there were very nice."  its a business park. Carnegie city has a few bars and restaurants." If I ever need to utilize an extended stay hotel I wouldn't hesitate to head back there." The best part about this location was the staff. The people at the desk were all very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any questions or issues with a smile.  I would definitely stay at this location again and highly recommend it." Tonya is super sweet and the front desk people are very helpful  you may not get it.  The refrigerator made a lot of noise at night every time the compress kicked on.  Likewise with the air conditioner.  If you didn't bring a hair dryer  2 hand towels and 2 towels. We had to take used wash clothes and towels to front desk every day to receive fresh ones. The toilet ran over and the heater didn't work until we decided to leave. We were over charged after booking through Hotels.com and had to put up a $100.00 deposit. For what? Never again will we stay there!!!!!" Visiting from California I stayed in Motel 6 for two days and i was not happy with it. Motel 6 didn't even had a shampoo. My boyfriend encouraged me to stay in this hotel where i can cook instead of spending money at restaurants. Only regret i have is i should have stayed here instead of motel 6. I was able to stay 1 night 2 days. And i honestly loved it. They even had iron and board that was useful. They also gave me military discount. I'll be sure to spend my money elsewhere next time."  bathroom is very hard to get out of like other reviews have stated.  I never remembered getting breakfast at extended stay thanks because you really don't coffee and granola bars is it.  The staff was awesome and very helpful!  The only reason 5 stars weren't given is because we stayed here because of convince to Pittsburgh well the freeway is currently closed June 2016 so it took us 30 minutes through neighborhoods and windy little roads to get in and out of hotel.  Wish we were notified before!  Otherwise great stay and clean rooms!"  he even gave me a free tour of a few neighborhoods in the city."  easygoing careless customer service at many PGH businesses. These guys are different: professional "Great customer service.  I was in Pittsburgh for business and needed a car to get back to the airport.  I found these guys on Yelp "Ditto everyone else. I had out of towners needing to get to the airport but I had a last minute work conflict and couldn't drive them. I was nervous about using one of the standard cab companies because their track record of actually showing up isn't great. I called these guys the night before an 8am pick-up and everything went smoothly. Dave even checked on their flight for us to make sure it was on time given bad weather. If you're planning on getting a cab to the airport  I decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport. Service was great. Driver was very courteous and on time. We used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy. The driver even carried her suitcases upstairs to her apartment." We always use First Class Limo for flights too early to take the 28X to the airport.  They even have a multi-pickup service for early flights if you are not in time for a regular reservation. My husband initially went to the wrong meeting place (on account of his sleep deprivation :) so the company called me asap when he didn't show up right away--I reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and all went well after that. He was very happy with the service and the price. I'd definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport! Thanks everyone!"  a near death experience and just an overall sense of frustration mixed with panic then go with these guys. Otherwise  professional and kind. Great reservation service and very fair price. Do yourself a favor-skip the cab and call this car service. Reliable  and I hope that people will consider this company when hiring a vehicle."  the people at the Munhall location are great! The cars are excellent My family and I were treated well.  and plan to talk to the Better Business Bureau about their business practices when I return to town on Monday."  I hope that whoever trashed the inside was held responsible. I would have been embarrassed had family members or friends ridden in it with me. I covered the back seat with a blanket  but once you are inside everything changes. This FBO is staffed by very friendly counter and ramp people and it is surprisingly nice inside. Two bathrooms with full showers and a couple of quite areas for the weary pilot or passenger are but a few of the nice touches here. Crew cars and cheap fuel make this the airport of choice when flying into Pittsburgh."  but the facilities are modern inside and they are doing some construction expanding  though crew lounge should be larger as it's currently full."  it almost burnt down...and I'm pretty sure most of the locals were chanting ""burn "Horrifying.  This place should be ashamed of itself.  DO NOT STAY HERE.  Beyond dirty came back to Pittsburgh for a wedding and couldn't find anything in my price range close to the city until i found this motel...it was very affordable....room was okay...cable tv and a c worked fine.... "OMG who wrote the review below? A big fat liar someone that was paid to write that! I stayed there for an hour this past weekend (my friend and I were both intoxicated and figured laying down a few hours would get us better suited to finish driving home). This place looks like it hasb't been cleaned (or furnished) since the 80s. Literally there was grime on the walls I can't even rate this place! Its absolutely disgusting! I begged the health department to shut them down! I was forced to stay a night here and it was so disgusting! I woke up with bed bug bites all over my body! Just filthy! DO NOT STAY HERE!  even the bedbugs carry guns. Don't stay here unless you're looking to indulge your sense of urban adventure. Fact: this motel has an hourly rate. Think of that what you will. The only good thing I can say about the Avalon Motel is Got bit up . Bed bugs wouldn't believe me I had to show my bite marks .. Even then refused to acknowledge me "My husband and I stayed here for a weekend getaway. What a neat place! It's a european style hotel (read very nice but smaller rooms). It used to be a monestary back in the day. Built around the turn of the century The tv was very small and the water pressure was weak  beautiful hotel in a convenient part of the city.  We found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating  get grumpy old man out of a customer-facing role." the hotel itself is really beautiful... the room was large.. i believe we had a king bed. there did seem to be mold? on the ceiling.. which we told them about just giving them a heads up and they said it was something else.. okay... water damage and then black stuff around it.. not mold ? the neighborhood is kinda sketch. i don't think it is worth the 200 and some dollars we paid for a night. ouch. the location is pretty nice.. not too far from much.. about a 5 min drive to downtown If you're looking for a charming boutique hotel and you're not afraid of being on the North Side We would absolutely recommend The Priory!" This is your place for one unique stay Breakfast was ""eh"".  It was free-- small stations of some fruit Each room is pretty unique and always well appointed and very clean. The staff are friendly and helpful with whatever you might need and it's an easy drive to most of the attractions around town." The Prioriy is super unique but still feels very quiet and church like...in a good way!" You get yelled at for bringing your own alcohol onto the property. Yeah  and fresh fruit. The kind gentleman who works in the kitchen tends to the breakfast buffet even went in the back and found us some water crackers for the Brie Overall I could not recommend this more. The only ""negative"" is the area where it is doesn't have many other fun places - but they ARE a short drive away."  & i hated walking by it bc people would hang out outside. They do have a free shuttle! They have excellent customer service besides Matt or something. He was grumpy. Our driver Hank or something was amazing! Soo sweet. We even sent my chocolates from Hawaii to thank him. The room was good size. Bed frame was metal so it was outdated a little. Our tub wouldn't drain like it was a bit clogged. Free breakfast buffet. I loved the Steeler fans we met there. It was our first time in Pittsburgh and we had a blast!"  and pasteries were served and it was delicious. We both truly enjoyed our stay and if we ever visit Pittsburgh again Great european style boutique hotel.  You can not beat this hotel for the money! "This is a nice historic euro style hotel in the middle of the city. An old Catholic Church converted into a hotel. The rooms are small but well appointed. A very small bar opened only from 5 PM to 10Pm. The breakfast buffet was acceptable. Very near several eateries and pubs  and the two slobs at the front desk need to be in the back with their people skills.  Nice hotel but make sure you take some warm bodies with you because the ""people"" at the priory are cold "I was very specific when I made my reservations several months ago. I needed a non-entrance level room away from noise. We were given a room right off of the hotel Foyer. It is mid-night and a party rages just outside my door even though I have called the front desk asking for their assistance. Right now I would prefer to be in a Motel6.  This room was relatively not cheap  but I really enjoy attending weddings here."  not a bad place at all but nowhere I'd miss if I stayed elsewhere." Having said all this we would stay here again.  The hotel staff was very nice and we loved the atmosphere of the hotel." "booked through a third party site and they tried to stick us in a queen room even though they had plenty of kings available. definitely gave attitude about it but ""upgraded"" anyway. he wanted to charge me the difference but I refused. just bad service overall. no one to help with bags morning or night. even the day front desk person was short with us and rude. I couldn't wait to get out of there. the room was clean and charming. the area is definitely rough. I wouldn't stay here again."  and it was gorgeous!! Everything was nicely done. The decor was beautiful. As far as I know from the bride and groom  the girl who answered gave us an attitude and said you should have asked for it.  Then refused to call M&P to talk to the manager.  She just said to pay the full bill and we can work it out when we get back to the hotel.  We gave the manager our phone and he was yelled at as well about this.  He took our word that the Priory would deliver it to him the next day and he deducted the $50 from our bill.  It was embarrassing and it wasn't the issue with the money  The Priory was my top choice in that it was relatively reasonably priced and offered shuttle service free of charge to from the game.  In spite of the hotel being located in the less-than-revered North Side of the city  the neighborhood  was sketchy. It appeared to be ""up and coming""perhaps a return trip is in order. It was a good value for the price." The hotel...great big nice rooms and friendly staff." Location is very central."  found an interesting new spot and a really cool building I'd love to explore more of. Everyone should try Monk's bar and get out of your comfort zone." I will be back for sure." Attended a wedding here and was blown away by its beauty and service. I would consider having a wedding reception here. The steak was one of the best reception dishes I've ever had.  private townhouse to find 6 red roses on the dining table and a note - a gift from those fellows who witnessed my grief and hoping to cheer me Good reasonably priced boutique hotel within walking distance of downtown Pittsburgh. Great friendly staff. Excellent continental breakfast included with room. A former religious institution the ghosts of monks are said to stroll the hallways in the wee hours of the morning. My single bed room was small but comfortable (Rm. 106). Parking for guests with cars next to bldg. in a gated lot. Highly recommended. Everything is good expect the housekeeping. I just checked out for 1.5 hours and came back for my lost clothes but my sweater has already gone. My skirt and sweater was stayed together in the closet but just found the skirt finally. So disappointed with the housekeeping! Wonderful hotel! I just love the history of the hotel and the grand hall! The staff are very friendly and they do everything they could possibly do to accommodate you. I love the rooms and the high ceilings! I will go again! I highly recommend it!!  good breakfast (although some non-meat protein options would be helpful). Staff was very friendly and helpful. The shuttle was great but downtown was walking distance!"  my daughter and I fell in love with this hotel! It is historic and the old pictures and blueprints line the hallways. The small courtyard outside is the perfect place to enjoy the free breakfast! The staff is super friendly and willing to go out of their way to help and recommend local gems! The small bar  but the short version of our review is that we won't go back!  The staff was not friendly - especially the bartender who preferred to watch his cartoon show and glower at the guests who dared to interrupt his TV - and the driver who loudly complained about the challenge of all the limo requests made of him.  The worst however was the room itself (124) - odd stains in the tub that inhibited its use  and insisting I had ordered a cab. I had not. It was weird. The next morning I noticed they were doing some maintenance and remodeling on the front lobby and air conditioning system This place is the worst motel I have ever stayed. Do NOT stay here!!!! This was the worst hotel that I ever stayed in. my hubby and I  took the smoking room and it stunk sooo bad that I wanted to throw up. I was afraid to sleep in that nasty bed. in the morning at 5am I wanted to leave the room cuz smell was sooo gross that woke me up! I felt so dirty that I took two showers AT Other HOTEL. I never thought that I will have nightmares bcz of bad and stinky hotel.  attention to details is very important and if the staff can improve on these it would then warrant a 4-star or maybe even a 5-star rating."  remote and free HBO.  My issues were: the telephone in the room was next to useless (most of the time didn't even work when i needed to call the front desk) and the internet service was terrible.  It seemed that if I was in the main building  the shower was ice cold. I then checked for bed bugs after realizing the shithole I spent the night in last night (coast is clear). I checked out and went back to Baltimore  needs a facelift inside as it's aged. But I'd stay here again!"  and back. We flip a pillow over and there it was. BED BUGS. We had to cut our trip short. The man at the front desk apologized and gave us the managers name and number and told us to call back later that morning. We have been calling since 8 10 and have yet to receive a call back. Such disrespect. We risk bringing back bed bugs and spending hundreds on extermination fees and no has the decency to call back."  the rooms have been updated and are modern and the bed was incredibly comfortable. Staff was friendly and I liked that there was an Eat N Park next door for food 24 7. I stayed two days and visited several different parts of the city  I didn't want to go through the hassle of trying to find a different location. Would I stay here again? Probably not."  and had easy access which is important because I don't pack very light when I travel.  Breakfast in the morning was included and surpassed my expectations for a mid-level hotel chain.  Every member of the team was fantastic and responded to my needs  juice and coffee.  There is yogurt as well.  Wifi worked no problem at all.  Overall my stay was very comfortable and enjoyable.  The only downside is more of a warning to families with children.  It has nothing to do with the staff but although shower pressure was good the water temperature varied greatly while trying to take a shower.  It really did go from cold to near scalding.... if you have children  there is a weird quartet sitting in the lobby at 1:00 AM just talking...?"  you can hit a few spots downtown near the stadiums or hitup some local spots like Shiloh grill or the Summit.  All of this stuff is within about 7 miles of the hotel which equals no more than $10 on uber.  The staff was very nice and accommodating  I woke up with a horribly scratchy sore throat and swollen lymph nodes. Plus the ""non-smoking"" room had obviously had smokers and pets there previously. I moved to another room the following morning "We stayed here while on business. I wish we had booked somewhere else. The staff here is incredibly rude "The rooms are filthy with mold. There is so much mold congealed near the A C units and around the perimeter of the rooms. We got 3 rooms and all had the same issues. The front desk hostess was nice Never go here the fire extinguisher glass is broken and does not appear to be clean up someone could cut themselves two outlets in my room did not work the breakfast is just cereal if you want toast don't bother the toaster is broken  affordable! It's exactly what I needed! I was there for three days and enjoyed my stay very much. My room had a microwave "Ya Gotta Regatta! It's Pittsburgh's mid summer July 4th celebration. Once it was the largest inland regatta in the nation with an average 1 Million people visiting for the four day event. Scaled back these days for reasons I won't get into  I had fun here. They just need more portapottys. It's something to do and somewhere to people watch. And the fireworks were pretty." The mall that is nearby is not really a mall. It's got a Giant Eagle and a KMart  but like I said- free shuttles will take you there and pick you up. I can't recommend this place enough for it's 'value to complimentary services' ratio. Made my trip to Pittsburgh a breeze." p.s. tip the shuttle driver  but I'll definitely chose to spend a bit more to be in a more serviced neighborhood next time."  clean. A little old fashioned though but I think that's nothing to be bothered about if you just need a bed for a night. Glad they had an happy hour." Overall I would stay here again."  I will absolutely stay here again."  which I use at home. The best part of the hotel was the free shuttle to and from the concert. I hate having to drive in traffic and parking would have cost us a pretty penny. The staff are wonderful! Very friendly and accommodating.  Apparently there is free breakfast from 6am-9am "I thought this hotel was very nice. One of the better Best Westerns I've been in and the staff was polite and accomodating. The only bummer is it isn't within walking distance of anything  but not the end of the world.  The area is safe for a bigger city with an easy drive downtown and to avoid congestion when leaving Pitt."  plus free internet.  Another bonus was that we were relatively close to the downtown area without being part of that congestion.  The decor was pretty neutral  and for the cost the rooms are not worth it.  There are also not many place to eat around the hotel." When I return back to ""the Burgh"" I will definitely return back to this hotel!" The next time I am in the Pittsburgh area I will be returning." The only downside (that's why 4 instead of 5 star) is that the rooms are DARK.  I had every light on and it was still pretty dark during a cloudy day.  It probably doesn't bother most people who will just come back to their hotel to sleep.  It is not too unlike other hotel rooms but it seems TOO dark. Not enough light to read from unless you are in the bathroom." This place was great the rooms were clean and spacious the decor was modern and fresh the staff were all great and would bend over backwards to help anyway possible plus they had a free shuttle van to take you back and forth from the ball games  you're telling me not a single staff member got in that elevator and was grossed out by the dried phlegm at eye-level on the door? Nasty!" Add On: The WiFi is awful." Solid low priced option."  made sleeping uncomfortable.  Garage parking is unavailable and no one mentions this at check in nor is there sinage at the garage....yet it's listed as an amenity on the web site? Backing onto street from garage entrance is dangerous.  Breakfast was understaffed and totally ran out of hot and cold food  unless you like dead shopping malls.  Parking is plentiful right in front of the hotel  and it is unbelievably convenient to get anywhere you need to downtown.  We came out for a wedding that was going on downtown and then had our anniversary the same weekend.  They do have a shuttle that will run you downtown and back (talk to the front desk on that one) housekeeping is top notch (Ashley went above and beyond for the wife and I and I can not praise her enough).  Legit longest drive we had going anywhere downtown (yes I am one of those people who wouldn't use the shuttle even though available) was 10 minutes.  If I ever head back to this area I know where I will be staying again." I would have preferred a later checkout (like Noon rather than 11) but other than that small nitpick Check in was simple. Rooms were clean. Pool was nice and warm for December time frame. Decor was nice. Staff was very friendly. Breakfast was hot and probably one the best hotel breakfasts I've had. No complaints here! We had a very nice experience here.   From the time we walked in the front door we were greeted by friendly people and offered help.   The room was quiet and comfy and clean.   The breakfast was the best and the women helping with the breakfast were amazing!   I will stay here again. *  Though ot had been a while since I'd left NYC  get staff that really is gracious to customers. There are people that need jobs out there and I assure you with proper management they will do a great job. Don't stay here for over $45 per night (the price is due to the breakfast offered). Personally I would not stay here until they fix the place "oh. dear. lord. i feel so bad for the tour group from japan that was here .... this place is the dumps.  we had 2 rooms: they were supposed to be on the same floor.  nope. 2 different floors "Place is ok but a little uncomfortable. There's water damage in some corners of the the ceiling and it looks pretty creepy. There are stains on the walls and ironing board but We go to the desk and make them aware of the issue. They apologetically get us another room. This room is better its evident by the way these beds were made that the room has been cleaned. The elevator by the desk is stuck on the 3rd floor lol death trap so we take the stairs. Thank God for yelp....You've all been warned lol SERIOUSLY!"  was that there was no fan in the bathroom. It got really steamy really quickly and the only way to let out the steam was by opening the door. You can tell the bathroom was updated  I see the hallway is flooded. The carpet is squishing beneath my feet all the way to the front desk where other angry people had beaten me to. Apparently a pipe had burst the day before and they had neglected to tell us that when we had checked in. I was so mad. I managed to get 70% off our bill and I made her call to check us in at another hotel. I would have insisted the whole bill be paid for but I'm really bad at being mean to people. All in all  but we'll be sure to call ahead and make sure the front desk checks the rooms have been cleaned first." "Nightmare.  It's a ghost town. Needles in parking lot. ""Lobby"" is a hotel room with undesirables hanging around. Asked to see our rooms before checking in We told the lady working the ""front desk"" that this hotel was pretty scary. Her reply was  HUD would shut this place down if it was an apartment building and the Dept. of Homeland Security would never even consider housing immigrants there. But The worst. Do not stay here." "Wish I could give this place negative stars. Where to begin? It begins with no signs saying where the hotel is at. And then it goes into their ""temporary lobby"" which is a room turned into an office. The whole place is under construction which wouldn't be so bad When I raised these concerns with the front desk clerk she said that there was no manager to meet with to discuss the conditions and that it was only the owner and he knew of the state of the place and didn't care. I made my reservation on Booking.com  or none.  And I found that it's safer to take a bus in the snow  it's a transit system.  It's job is to get you from point A to point B and PAT does reasonably well at it.  I ride the 61A or the 61B (whichever comes first) to work.  My husband and I also use it when going to the Pirates or Penguins games or to the theater.  It's cheaper than gas and parking."  the unions need to stop strangling the cash out of the Port Authority. I mean seriously......bus drivers making 90k a year? Something is wrong with that."  which are pretty cool if not old."  $75 for a Zone 1 pass is a LOT of money when you're paid minimum wage--which I'm sure is the case for many passengers."  and MTS 992 bus in San Diego.  what i like about it is that its got its own busway...which makes a lot of sense when there's so much traffic.  and it links you up to all the major areas in the city."  a pretty good system."  I've found the buses to be dependable and convenient. Pittsburgh has punishingly complex topography- it's full of craggy valleys  and the state and county's perennial budget problems have caused several funding crises in recent years." Learn from the CTA. I have a new appreciation for Chicago Transit Authority."  etc... its not going to run as efficiently as areas that are built on a grid system that makes logical sense - its more difficult to get around everything. Gotta give them some slack!! and The bus drivers have always been great too!" Fares keep going up. Another service cut this month. I think I'd rather walk to work in the middle of the night! 2.  Bus drivers could adjust their driving speeds to avoid bunching." But my absolutely best memory of the Port Authority has to be my first day back in Pittsburgh in 2006. I had decided to skip staying in the dorms and opted to go even cheaper by renting an apartment nearby. I had just arrived and was getting to know my roommates. We went for a walk around campus and ended up somewhere just NW of the school. It started to downpour and as we were scurrying for cover  for saving me from driving."  we live in Pittsburgh.  It's cold or raining or miserable most of the year.  I would gladly take fewer stops in exchange for heated bus shelters.  It would also be nice if these imaginary shelters could have bus arrival information.  Pitt's on the right track with their bus shelters at the Cathedral--take note."  it would take me the exact amount of time to drive in out to work.  So honestly ... I treat PAT like I treat Airplane travel.  I get there when I get there ... as lone as I get there safely the on-time part is something I have learned to stop prioritizing as long as I'm riding a PAT bus.  ((Seriously tho  I'll be hoofing it across the East End instead of buying a bus pass.  It will be cold I don't own a car so it's really my only mode of transportation since we can catch cabs here like in a normal city. I'd be lost without it  my main complaint is that they do not have a designated area for luggage on the 28X bus.  I understand that these buses weren't made to go to the airport P.S. I didnt even want to give it ONE star."  the 28X doesn't pick up passengers coming from downtown into Oakland (or drop them off in the reverse direction.) Very frustrating i visited pittsburg for 3 days and rode the metro      problem is im 74 yrs old the sign say seniors with medicaid card or state id ride free    they would not accept my new york state drivers license this has my birth date on it    person in booth was very rude and also i think he could not read    this left a bad taste for pittsburg    you need fo revise your signs The bus drivers are a miserable bunch I bought a home over 3 and half years ago because it was on a bus line. One  year after they cut that  route after being there over 50 years. I think the way they operate is beyond poor and every year there is a far increase now i have to drive to a park in ride. You never know what you going to intale every day on teh bus. Ive been taking for about 10 years now and i think ive seen everything to the pee smell to no air to no heat to arguements between drivers and riders. If they continue on this path there will be no service to downtown just people who live in the city. They crossed out the suburbs. It should be the port authority of pittsburgh not allegheny county. The only thing is can say is the port authority drivers do a great job putting up with what they got. Oh and did i mention i cant tell you how many times they have broken down. Now they have a federal grant for the connectcard about time. Its only been in new york and dc for years!!! I am sure there will be lots of bugs in this system to  the fare doubled in a decade and the service was cut in half.  The county refuses to fund it.  Getting on and off is confusing.  When to pay is confusing.  The schedules are hard to read.  The service isn't frequent enough.  The subway system only goes to one neighborhood from downtown.  This is horrible and it's one of the main things keeping Pittsburgh from being as great a city as it can be.  Call center people are sometimes rude and mostly unresponsive.  What else?  The buses smell like urine.  Sucks TIP: Download the Tiramisu app for real-time bus tracking. Worked great while I was there I stood outside for waiting for the 71c outbound scheduled to come by around 4:50. At 5:05 I decided to walk into a coffee shop to keep warm since the bus didn't show up until 5:10. I can go on forever..."  reasonable fares and friendly service you will need to go somewhere else.  And no place for children as the language on the buses would make a sailor blush.  And in 14 years of riding Port Authority I have never seen a uniformed Port Authority officer riding a bus."  you have to wait like a whole hour for the next bus to come! They also cut back bus services and lay off all these bus drivers. Pathetic!!!! ALSO MOST OF THE BUS DRIVERS ARE PLAIN RUDE AND COMPLAINING TO PORT AUTHORITY DOES NO GOOD! WHY DO THESE IDIOTS STILL HAVE JOBS IF THEY DON'T KNOW HOW TO TREAT CUSTOMERS? VERY INCONVENIENT! IF I HAD A CAR  I hope this complaint will help injured parties make a case for negligent retention or negligent supervision against the Port Authority." 000 people would be in downtown for the 4th of July.  I wish someone had informed the Port Authority of this.  Maybe then they would have had more than one bus running every 20 minutes after the fireworks.  Every single bus stop in downtown had about 300 people waiting for the already overcrowded buses.  If a bus actually did stop (some were so full  the T (light rail) should be expanded to run east-west along the busways  but can't update their online system for smart phones to be able to determine where a bus is located at? I waited two hours today in the freeZing cold to get to work. Had to call off it was just to cold out!" I wish there was a better transit option in the Pittsburgh area or the infrastrucure of the city (roads  I'm disappointed as a new resident without a car to have discovered Pittsburgh to be such a car-centric city when there are so many ways the Port Authority could be improved and expanded. As I write this I'm half an hour late to work due to a late 28x - if you need to be somewhere  I'm disappointed as a new resident without a car to have discovered Pittsburgh to be such a car-centric city when there are so many ways the Port Authority could be improved and expanded. As I write this I'm fifteen minutes late to work due to a late 28x - if you need to be somewhere "The Pittsburgh bus system finally has real time tracking.  Be sure to download one of the apps (PAT Realtime Tracker or Transit)  thanks to it being free.  I wouldn't pay to use the bus.  And speaking of paying It's good if you want to wait 10 hours for a bus or trolley which I had to do all day long it gets worse you can't get wifi connection ether also the bus drivers are sometimes jerks  and we didn't have to hire a bunch of taxi's or Ubers to get around." Big league cities need big league transportation.  Get in the game  today I finally made time to pick up the papers and phone and make a call. They first said I returned the car late and then after I explained the situation and offered to send the photo I took that demonstrates the clock discrepancy  and also the cheaper rates and friendlier service!  Thank you!!!"  but I'm glad Avis was able to find a solution that worked for us. Thanks 06SQoq5EV4XAY-yKrEtCQg "I rented a car with this location as the drop off point. I returned the car to the parking garage as instructed and then went to the front desk. I signed all paper work and returned the keys. About 4 days later I received an awful phone call where I was being accused of causeing damage to this vehicle. I became very angry. I called the location back and was again accused of causing ""concrete"" damage to the vehicle. I asked the lady if they had viewed the cameras in the parking garage to which she replied  they always give me good service and have met all my expectations when dealing with them. Only drag is the setup of their agency... cars are kept in the shadowy depths of a narrow parking labyrinth. Pro-tip when you're returning the car Then all the staff repeatedly said like a parrot ""call corporate"". She was as useless as a TSA agent. And she ask the customer to go to the car and perform her work. I had to run t the car and record the mileage for her. Why didn't I get paid then?"  then reception and then back to hotel.  The service was outstanding.  Bus was clean and driver was very accomodating.  we left something on bus and he personally delivered it to our hotel!" They get two start because they managed to get us from Point A to Point B without making us fear for our lives." I'd stay there again for sure." It's within walking distance of some great bars like Seviche and Tonic!" "This place is a good hotel just down the street from the convention center. It is usually cheaper than the Westin (the one connected to the convention center by skywalk) unless there is a convention in town. The rooms are decent and the 24 hour store off the front desk is well stocked. Two problems with this hotel - one The one bummer is they do not offer a continental breakfast. For the price of the room this should be included. Also  and a hotel I'd stay at in the future!" "I'd give it ZERO stars if i could. Worst customer service! My husband made an innocent mistake and confused the weekends for our trip back to his home town. We asked that we get the credit and offered to add a night to our stay. The hotel would be out NO money. But these corporate suits refused. So - they've lost a customer - a PLATINUM customer. We've given Marriott so much bloody money over the years Does ANYBODY run the show here??  What a disgrace to the Marriott name." "Nice large room and good value. Looks near new with all amenities. Only problem we had was valet (needed for its location) was slow in taking the car  but they do not go out of their way to help! I didn't have a credit card so at first they said I couldn't check in. Finally they allowed me to put down cash. Then I went to breakfast Do not stay here. You will be disappointed." Linda b august 2013 will never stay again!" Quite frankly it's all about location. Always stay here whenever I am in town." Seriously reconsider if you decide to live here. Aside from sub-par room and service that are unusually low by the Marriott standard Do no stay here if you plan to sleep before 2:30 AM. They could not care less that there is a very loud bar directly across the street. If loudness doesn't bother you than this place is fine. This courtyard has had the renovation treatment that most are getting around the country. Not every room has a mini fridge yet but they can bring you one if you request. I had a room looking into the courtyard which is nice for sound but weird for having the blinds closed for privacy.  for making my third stay the best one yet." We got a nice clean comfortable room with an attentive staff. Same there wasn't any sort of view. I had a great experience when I stayed here in July.. The hotel is right next door to the convention center and within walking distance of numerous restaurants and other sights including the riverside park.  The interior is newly renovated so everything is clean and up to date.  The lobby is spacious and convenient for meeting people.  The bedrooms are generously sized and ceilings are very high since it's an old building - something you don't find very often in contemporary hotel rooms.  Staff was very nice and available at odd hours to support our travel plan.  very clean and comfortable!! Definitely recommend!!"  ATM and Starbucks available around the clock at the front desk." "Perfect Location. Friendly staff. Love this place! The valet guys are extremely helpful On the plus side: my room was large with a high ceiling and you cannot beat the location." Walking distance to PNC park and great area around hotel for dinner n drinks. They do valet also "Excellent hotel located to some of the best places to dine in Pittsburgh! Sella Mercado is right across the street and the wonderful Sonoma is next door! The rooms were beautiful and the service was prompt. The tipping is a little overboard I forgot to mention the free shuttle.  Great idea."  this is a great hotel for the location Clean room on the street with huge windows is what they gave me and I was happy with it. The staff was accommodating and helpful with all of my questions.  restaurants and bars. The staff is friendly and always makes you feel welcome. There is a cafe that serves breakfast and a modest dinner selection. The rooms are comfortable and clean."  I never leave home without them!" As a family stayed here for first night in Pittsburgh.  If this is an event that you are going to do this is the place to stay!  -perfect location if you have kids and you need to use the restrooms instead of Porta potty's.  Compared to other places it was a great price. High ceilings large room clean and the staff was very accommodating. Also a Starbucks located in lobby.  and the bistro was great. We stayed just one night in town for the cardinals vs pirates season opener. This morning we had a wonderful breakfast in the bistro- good food with affordable prices!" I've stayed here a few times. Always very clean with great service and a friendly staff. I forgot stuff in my car twice and the valet went to get it for me without any questions and with a smile on his face. Highly recommend.  well puts a bad taste in your mouth. Stay at the Pittsburgh Marriott City Center instead. I will not be staying at this location again. Also cannot say I was impressed with the person who checked me in either."  causing my only pair of socks to get soaked. The floor is stained with a ton of black spots making it look dirty. There's no way I'm walking barefoot in here  so we got to see the lights on PNC Park across the water.  Our room service order was a combination of cluster-F and comedy of errors. I believe there were a total of 3 errors for a simple breakfast order. Jeez Louise.  The room itself was super tiny... like European tiny (in the 200 sq. ft. range)... which we hadn't expected  but had a pretty fair nightly rate to go along. You could easily walk to a Pirates or Steelers game. Spend the extra dough and get a room with a river view. Amazing!" "Great place for a party!  I had a party here last night and the banquet facilities are top notch.  We had several hors d'oevres the lamb lollipops were awesome and a must have when you have an event here.  The lobster rolls were not memorable and I'd suggest you skip these when choosing your items.  The crabmeat stuffed mushrooms were delicious.  I was very impressed with our entrees we had a filet and crabcake dinner.  I'm always a little scared with mass produced filets  seemed like the entire city shut down) and I would stay here again should I find myself visiting Pittsburgh again."  great view of the ballpark and of the river.  maybe a little expensive for what you get but nice bar and we went to a couple wedding events here and the food was remarkably good for that style of thing.  not to mention being right on the Roberto Clemente Bridge and the fact you could look into the PNC park."  who were both staying at the hotel.  Dave Matthews and his band were also there.  Top notch place  and it was a bargain for what seemed like a really classy old-style place.  Everything had a touch of being just a little nice....and the bed was SO perfect for sleeping off that hangover.  All around nice "The reason for this update is the service.  The hotel itself is still beautiful and the food is above average.  All solid four stars.  I was a bit disappointed initially with some of the pre-arrangements.  In the past I was able to have a complimentary room and the fee waived for the coat check girl.  Friday night because the party was a bit smaller than the last they only discounted the room and charged full fee for coat check  carving station  etc.  Now  and your in the perfect location." "Very nice hotel in a great  especially because it's close to the stadiums that house the best sports teams around!" http:  www.yelp.com biz starbucks-coffee-pittsburgh-4"  69 bucks.  Pick 4-star and downtown Pittsburgh and you'll get either this or the Omni.  Walking distance from all sporting events.  Use the self-park across the street and you'll save $$ over the valet (which also uses the same parking garage).  Rooms are small-ish Lovely hotel experience. Great location in Pittsburgh. The staff were super friendly and helpful and were WAY nice when I left my phone charger in the room after checkout. Our flight was leaving hours after we checked out and they locked up our bags. Went to a wedding here and the food was great and all the facilities were well maintained. I was delightfully surprised. I would recommend avoiding the restaurant if you can. As with all hotel restaurants it was overpriced Stayed here for new years eve . Very nice place . Classy hotel . Expensive but all hotels are on new years eve . We liked being in the center of all the action. There is a new restaurant and bar in the hotel called Braddocks. This replaced Opus as the main reaturant.  plus we got a couple coupons for complimentary room service breakfast.  Breakfast was served right on time.  The hotel staff was very nice.  The only negative part of our stay was the fact that housekeeping knocked on our door 2 different times  and the minibar is CHEAP!" Great place to stay if you're planning a visit to PNC Park or just to plan an evening out in town." Nice hotel within walking distance of Pirates and Steelers.  Great views of the river and a Sunday brunch big and beautiful.  and mansion-like staircase).  It was a wonderful experience and I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  The bacon smell permeating the elevators during brunch was very alluring  I accidentally left my cell phone charger plugged into the wall and my raincoat in the closet (clearly I was in a hurry in the morning and not very careful!) I called the hotel that night and they were very nice and said someone from Housekeeping would get back to me the next day. Someone from housekeeping called me the next morning and she was so sweet. They mailed me both items for no charge (I offered to give them a credit card "This hotel is beautiful inside and the location is PRIME. I would stay there again  five minute walk to PNC park.  Our visit was to see the Phillies and get a taste of Pittsburgh.  Great view of PNC Park from our room.  I felt the hotel and service were first class  Mr. R. came through for us after all and I have to admit that it was a 100 times better than the hotel room in New York City where I had a lovely view of the air shaft!" Just spent two nights here and we thought it was very nice. Lobby is beautiful. We stayed on one of the floors hat they are renovating and it was done very sharply and with good taste. Ask for higher floors to minimize noise from outside. Free Wi-Fi through out the hotel One of the main reasons I stay at Renaissance Hotels is because they are known for being upscale establishments with a modern feel. I did not get that from this hotel "Had a great several day stay during the week.  I've stayed before for a convention but came for leisure.  We didn't love our first room and were moved to a corner room on the 12th floor overlooking the river and PNC Park.  Great upgrade!  The staff was courteous And you can't get any food at the Braddock Bar in the Hotel lobby after 10:00 pm or so. Very annoying."  very impressed with the place. If the food wasn't so expensive One caution - this place does tend to fill up   usually the first hotel downtown to sell out." The hotel restaurant has pretty good food and the bar is a great place to hang out and have some snacks (the house-made chips are addictive) and enjoy a nice drink.  And if you have the great pleasure of having Sam as your bartender  Market Square and most importantly - Heinz Field and PNC Park.  Easy walk across the bridge and along the river straight to the field (just under a mile).  The area of the hotel felt very safe and we walked everywhere in the evenings with no issue.  Great service and the rooms are very nice Also there's complimentary and premium wifi but I had no problem with the complimentary!"  is a fantastic hotel in the downtown Pittsburgh area! The staff is extremely courteous and are more than willing to help to make your stay just that much better! Asked for a room with a view Overall I was very pleased with my stay at the Renaissance. The hotel and staff really helped make my wife's birthday weekend special by providing great service and accommodating all of our requests. This was my first trip to Pittsburgh and likely not my last so I will be returning to and recommending the Renaissance Pittsburgh." Great location - make sure you ask for a view of the river.  Worth the money. "Great hotel with great views.  There's a place to eat in the hotel I wouldn't hesitate to come back here again. A great find in the city."  I did get a good deal from Priceline and that made it worth even more since I got a discounted rate. 200+ for a room is a bit much for me but for a 4 star hotel its reasonable. I will def stay here again if i can get a good deal."  absolute beautiful lobby and bar area. I will continue to come back to the hotel again and again in the future.  Hotel just needs to do some lite dusting (in guest rooms but over all clean rooms) and it would be beyond perfect." I love this place.  I am getting married here in July.  I've been a hotel guest a few times and the service is just fantastic.  The staff knows exactly what to do to make it an enjoyable stay.  The breakfast on the top floor was awesome.  Can't wait until July!  Maybe I should write an update in a few months? Hotel was nice but nothing more then a 3 star. Room smelled musty and was dated. Staff was not all that friendly. Not what I expected when I booked the hotel. I will not be booking here again.  and parking is available at the garage across the street for $5 each in-and-out.  Or valet for $30 a day.  The Renaissance is definitely a good bet for a getaway to Pittsburgh." The whole experience was absolutely ridiculous. I'd gladly pay a bit more and stay at the Fairmont next time."  the food was amazing (not your average wedding fare) and a breathtaking view of the city.  I cannot imagine a more beautiful hotel venue for a wedding." "If there was a tab for 6 stars I would have given it to the Renaissance.  We had our wedding there  in July.  From the woman who I worked with blocking off rooms for our out of town guests I'd stay here again if I find myself back in Pittsburgh." A38wziZJdYoijhC5S6uWCQ  service is super good. The beds are really comfy. Internet speed is fast enough to stream Netflix. Downtown and close to some good restaurants. I wish all hotels could have this level as the baseline."  this is probably the only hotel in Pittsburgh that I will ever want to stay at again." I don't know if I would think about staying anywhere else in Pittsburgh.  My rate was very reasonable for its location and quality of stay." Will definitely stay here again if I come back to Pittsburgh."  and we had a view of a massive air conditioning type of box a couple feet away from the window.  Looking to the far left you could see the river and bridges.  That was only a minor issue as we were just staying for a night.  The room was very spacious (one king) and had only one robe in the closet.  No water bottles were in the room Sunday brunch was very very delish!!! I think next time we're in Pittsburgh we would stay there."  Front Desk Staff were very personable. Be prepared to hear fireworks from PNC Park it is right across the river. There is a parking deck across the street with very reasonable rates. My husband and I had a great time here."  but the quality of the rooms and the service is about the same. In the future I'd stay at whichever could give me the better deal."  I will probably choose this hotel when I need to stay Downtown again. It is so close to PNC Park across the Clemente Bridge and it is in the heart of the Cultural District  and waiting for...  Now wait & wait for the check." A38wziZJdYoijhC5S6uWCQ Great environment great location with easy parking and access to Downtown Pittsburgh. Good hotel. Stay here frequently for business trips. Easy walk to PNC park if you want to catch a game. Nice rooms and good service. I would recommend to anyone looking to stay downtown.  and an apparent lack of security to monitor anything going on in this hotel have lead to this rave early Saturday morning (and I do mean RAVE quite literally) review. And yes this was after the front desk was called several times with noise complaints. My best tip would be to not stay here unless the purpose of your stay is to not sleep."  stale croissants. I took a picture and couldn't stop laughing about how tiny they were. They obviously were not fresh either." Across the Roberto Clemente Bridge from PNC park sits a hotel that knows how to treat its guest.  I spent three nights at the Renaissance Pittsburgh and I can tell you that I had a wonderful stay.  I received nothing buy courtesy and professionalism from beginning to end.  The only thing that would have made my stay better was if the Pirates had been in town. A decent hotel. Nothing outstanding. The pillows are pretty horrible. The view was nice. One pet peeve is that like many hotels you pay $200-300 for a room and then you have to pay for a cup of coffee in the morning. Complementary coffee in the lobby is a really nice touch."  I was able to watch a Pirates game at PNC from my room!)  Renaissance Hotels are my favorite marque after JW Marriott and my room was excellent for under $200. Also My husband surprised me with a stay at your spectacular hotel for my special birthday. From start to finish our stay was perfect. The city view was breathtaking and Katelyn made that happen.  The location is perfect.  Comfortable room. As an added touch..we were treated to champagne and chocolates to help make my 63th birthday fantastic  although the room I stayed in (on the fifth floor with no view) lacked the character found in the grand hotel lobby below. Nevertheless  except that the window let in almost no light thanks to a building adjacent to the hotel. I really mean no light  but I would probably look elsewhere in town unless you have your heart set on this hotel. Does not seem worth it for the price." And I take it that's the route you've gone. And I get that. I really do." P.S.  The parking was pricey but less expensive on the weekends. $7 day - no in and out privileges."  nice bathroom. Quiet." Aveda products - a perk."  there is a great little restaurant inside and you are caddy corner from the ballpark. Just cross the bridge. Perfect location "Well when we got there we were greeted by the doormen who were very nice. Upon entering it smelled of sewage and was very dark. It did seem a little unwelcoming and a little dated. We only stayed a night and upon awakening it was about 10:00-10:30 and we already had people knocking on our door to see if we were still there (cleaning crew  check out was 12). An hour after we left I realized I had left a blanket in our room and called to let them know. I was then transferred to housekeeping where I was constantly sent to a voicemail. 2 messages Chose this location on a business trip in order to see the stadiums. The room was beautiful and one of the nicest I've been in. Was given the corner room with a view of the Riverwalk &  stadiums. I will definitely return since i only had time for one night. "Service and view to die for. All and all very nice stay and everyone was so welcoming. It was not pretentious or stuffy It's classy. I've stayed at most other downtown Pittsburgh hotels and none compare to this one. Last time I was stayed at the Renaissance was late fall and it's really easy to wrapped up in the hotel for the night and barely want to go out.  close to just about everything. We checked out a PIrates game that weekend as well so it was perfect to get across the bridge to the stadium and for 4th of July fireworks it was close to a lot of great vantage points. Had I booked earlier I would've tried to get a room that didn't face inside  and overall pleasant stay. I was there for business and the hotel is my respite and the Renaissance certainly was that when I needed it." Very clean and well maintained." Update 8 29 15:  the reception ended at 11 P.M.  Night manager adjusted our rate and comped a day of valet.  Acceptable "My mother and I came from the Bay Area to see the Giants play at PNC Park! We figured we would get a hotel very close to the park since that was the main reason for our visit. What we didn't realize is that this would be our greatest hotel experience to date! Our room faced PNC as we had asked for and check-in was faster than we are accustomed to. On our flight the lady sitting next to us who is from Pittsburgh said try Braddock's which is the restaurant inside the hotel. My mother and I ate out for almost every meal for our stay and Braddock's was BY FAR the best place we ate! Doesn't matter what time of day you owe it to yourself to try this place. The bar also helped set the hotel apart as they have a great selection of beer and an even better selection of bourbons  and the location of this hotel is great.  Always had a clean room  there was a loud banging sound in the walls - it woke me up at 6am and left me with a headache for the day. front desk manager said it had something to do with old water pipes. they apologized and moved me to a higher floor where I didn't have the problem. also  go for the sports or go for the Special Events; but stay at the Renaissance Pittsburgh Hotel."  we had a mixup with the booking when we booked through a third party at the Mansions on Fifth for that Saturday and Booking.com ended up coming through with the win by helping us get booked for Friday night as well at Renaissance in a very nice room!  So we ended up staying at the same hotel both nights and it was just a few blocks from the Heinz field.  Both rooms we stayed in that weekend were beautiful  and Station Square which is across the other river and has 2 inclines which we unfortunately did not ride. We did enjoy a great buffet on Sunday at a beautiful former train station in Station Square called the Grand Concourse.   Check out the PPG complex of buildings - just amazing! Looks like a scene from the Emerald City (minus the green) in Oz." They offer room service which I opted out. And check out was a breeze. I liked this hotel as a resident of Pittsburgh but now as a guest I absolutely love it. I have my new go-to hotel when I'm back in the 412." Our stay was the week if the Pittsburgh Beer fest and the staff was great on suggesting places to eat! Just a short 5-10 min walk to the David Lawrence convention center and even sorter walk to the Heinz theater." "Beautiful breathtaking lobby!  Vintage style decor in rooms. Some rooms have gorgeous views of PNC Park  I would have been fine spending the entire day laying in bed. I also really loved the ""romantic"" feel to the room." I can't wait to stay their again for our 1 year anniversary!" "This is a 1906 office building that became a hotel in 2000 and the first floor lobby and foyer are an elegant and marble entranceway to several hundred rooms. Most of the rooms have been updecorated recently with contemporary designs and furniture. Our bed and room were very comfortable and roomy and had huge windows looking out to the river and high ceilings and felt very grand.  All the staff we encountered were very helpful and friendly; the only exception was the maid service who didn't refill shampoo and conditioner supplies each day and didn't vacuum very well. But overall The only negative I have is that there was mold in the grout in the bath area. This is a common problem I see in many hotels even in those of a high caliber. They need to properly treat and then seal the grout." I have never slept in a more comfortable bed . The hotel was beautiful and well kept . The only bad thing was we ordered room service and they forgot one of our orders . They quickly made up for the mistake and provided us the missed order for free. Hotel room is clean. The beds are super comfortable. The staff here is friendly and welcoming. It's a short walk to a lot of local restaurants and things to do. Also a short walk to the t. Parking garage across the street. Definitely will come back.  the worst hotel staff experience I have ever had. I would never stay in this hotel again." "I stayed at the hotel for several months during the late fall winter of 2006.  I love this hotels decor - minimal and clean lines which I prefer over the fussiness of the William Penn.  The heavenly beds and showers are really just that.  The shower is 1000xs better than my own apts so it was hard to get out each morning.  They are dog friendly "This is a very good hotel and with a corporate rate of $107 per night it is the best bargain in town.  I stay in hotels in the city often rather than drive home after a night  of partying and I used to stay at the Holiday Inn Express S. Side for the location.  The holiday inn cost is $140 per night and the hotel is fine for a place to crash for a few hours There's a weird quirk in the green energy program that you can't have light in the bathroom without turning on the AC or heat My only complaint is that the elevators are slow during busy times."  GREAT clam chowder and some other delicious fare.  There's access into the restaurant from the hotel's lobby and it is open until 1am for those late arriving West Coast travelers." I was disappointed to see they didn't offer complimentary bottled water in the SPG rooms...I guess the reality of the economy is hitting them and they are cutting back on that.  Bummer." My only complaints were that the bathroom smelled a bit like old urine and the iron not working.  It wasn't a huge deal and I didn't complain.  Otherwise  because they were issues that are expected at hotels. All in all I was very pleased!"  well kept hotel. The lobby is well done with comfortable seating and they decorate for various holidays. The rooms are always clean and well stocked. The one disappointing thing about this hotel is the convenience store in the lobby. It is often closed even when the hotel is full of guests. It is closed on holidays - 4th of July  great location - walking distance to several attractions" The check-in desk was super slow during my stay there. I do like the fact that there's a Fish Market downstairs. I don't like the fact that it's the convention center hotel Is now when I mention that we got the place for $70 night on Priceline (4 star "Still a great hotel but be warned: if you do NOT want maid service knocking on the door at 8 am to see when you are checking out  clearly to entice you to pay for faster speeds. Ugh. If I'm on a business trip  and the beds were extremely comfortable."  and in-hotel food options are dubious--but it's squarely in the middle ranks of what I have come to expect from downtown hotels in secondary American cities."  I thought service was good and this hotel has a good location with walking access to lots of restaurants." - Can be some bizarre crowds depending on convention (http:  www.anthrocon.org  - I'm not hating  although I got a room right across from the elevator (If I had been staying more than 1 night I would have requested a different room) it never became a noise issue. The two criticisms I do have are the breakfast menu in the restaurant The hotel is kept clean and the room rates were very good.  The service from the staff was excellent.  Interestingly enough the restaurant in the hotel has the best sushi in Pittsburgh. "The Westin  convention Center is located downtown of Pittsburgh. I reserved a city sky view room on the 18th Floor with twin beds. I got a perfect beautiful view of the city from my windows. The room was clean with a large LCD TV  I would have been very disappointed." I took them up on the 'Go Green option"" and took about 1500 starpoints with me because of this!" "I usually look for the westin whenever im traveling.  On my recent trip to Pittsburgh I booked this one specifially because of the close proximity it had to PnC park since I was catching a game.  Yeah its in downtown and its a huge hotel but this downtown is not really the hangout spot in pittsburgh.  Theres a couple of restaurants and I counted like three lounges after walking round a bit but none that caught my attention.  Teh hotel itself is ok not that super clean like the Aloft hotels.  The hallway carpets were stained and my bathroom was clean but outdated.  At least the bed was comfy and free of bedbugs(I check for that as soon as i enter the room a pet peeve of mine).  It's huge so whenever your trying to talk to someone at check in theres always a line.  Next time I will probably look for its sister hotel Aloft because this seems to be the better out one among the sheraton  you'll notice there is an odor in the halls and rooms. It isn't very noticeable but its there." The internet was suuuuuper sloooow. And out of the 30 channels on the TV I think ~12 of them were sports. Ohs wells." I've also had breakfast and lunch at these events and the food is always delicious and fresh.  I still to this day remember the most phenomenal cobbler I had there...yum!"  i'd never stay at this place again. I've had better experiences in smaller The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  I also really liked the convenience of having a deli  and the 500 points for declining room cleaning make this place a winner."  but might consider it again if there was another great deal." "I stayed here a week ago and was not impressed. The staff was very friendly and informative which was really nice (in comparison to the rest of Pittsburgh). We took the shuttle where ever we went (which was a bonus). But something about the place seemed slightly unclean. The countertop in the bathroom wasn't clean around the taps  I was extremely pleased with my visit and would gladly return to the Westin again if I ever find myself in Pittsburgh." Nice hotel.  Check-in was extremely smooth and quick.  Hotel is very clean.  Room is nice.  Shower drain kind of sucks but I can deal with that. Quick tip 3: Try the bar called ""Tonic"" across the street.  Good drinks appetizers."  the hotel has a system in place wherein none of the lights or ventilation in the room operate without the keycard being inserted into a slot near the door.  This guarantees that everything goes off when guests leave the room.  There is also an option to forgo room service in exchange for either a $5 voucher every day or 500 Star Reward points if you are a member." Their customer service goes above and beyond. I get an email before my stay (from a real person who I can respond to) if there's info that I need to know. For example  just like a challenge." Pretty good hotel. Right there in the center. Parking is expensive 20$ Parking was kinda pricey but not unreasonable for  downtown in a major city."  the customer service lacks excellence and the WiFi is completely unreliable." "Great hotel. Close to many attractions and well maintained. Parking is a little poor though. The only reason for the 3 stars is that the Internet is abysmal at best. I thought a convention center would have half decent Internet Marginal at best for the money. The whole place really does not seem up to the standard of other Westin properties I have stayed at. Conveniently located next to the Convention and Conference Center in the heart of downtown. Great furnishing and modern up-to-date amenities one would expect at a Westin property. Big full head rainfall shower and comfy pillow and mattresses to relax after a long day  you'll see there are actually 4 or 5 different options. I have a feeling that if you're not paying you're getting lower bandwidth. Annoying. Would do 3.5 stars if I could."  a contemporary art museum. We had delicious soul food at Carmi Family Restaurant. Overall I was pleasantly surprised by the convenience of the location to arts She gets the Unsung Award of the day." I really enjoyed my stay here. It's a pretty pricey hotel but we got our room off of hotwire. The location was very convenient and the hotel is very pretty inside. I thought the rooms were very spacious and comfy. Don't bother with the pool - it is TINY and you have to sign in and out to use it... very odd." completely worthless wifi.  loved the hotel.  Would stay in again if the rate was right." The television seems to also go black several times during programs."  beds are a little small for a couple.  At six am on 3 21 14 the neighboring room's alarm (1106) went off and cut right through the wall waking everyone up. I called the front desk at six thirty asking them to send someone to stop it  they come to want to clean? I was furious. We were excited that they had an indoor pool and hot tub. I wouldn't step foot in that hot tub ever again. Unless you want to catch a disease. So gross. Paint chipping off inside. The pool is strictly a lap pool. And the women's locker room was nasty. Looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a month. I'm only giving this hotel 1 star because you can't give them zero. The only plus was the shuttle service and driver. Don't stay here Staff service just exceeded all expectations and everything was enjoyable. No issues and great location." This was an absolute terrible experience and I am very disappointed at the Westin and Starwood Hotels for their obvious lack of pride and detail with this hotel." The rooms are not worth the money." My wife would probably give it 4 star just for the shower head For downtown Pittsburgh I like this location and this hotel over some of the others I've stayed at in downtown because of the location and the convenient and affordable parking as well as the comfortable rooms and bed." There is the option of self-parking or valet parking on site at the hotel."  you're probably staying here regardless of yelp reviews.  If you're just looking for a hotel downtown The hotel is centrally located which made it a nice walk back from the Steelers game. It was clean and the staff was friendly. The beds weren't super comfortable. I expected the hotel to be a little nicer than it was. I think the false fire alarm at 6am was unpleasant considering I never heard why it went off in the first place. If you are a deep sleeper than forget hearing the alarm. All in all in was a decent hotel but not one I plan on staying at again. This is my 2nd stay here and since I had to unload my car at the valet and bring my own 5 suitcases to my room on a valet car I am already disappointed in the service. I actually had to get on the elevator with my own luggage with other people with this big cart. Disappointed that the Fairmont had no vacancies. Ditch this hotel.  ultra deluxe beds that was heavenly and the complimentary hot chocolate and marshmallows that was waiting in our room after a chilly evening stroll where all nice touches. Can't beat the location  I'm attending a convention in June in Pittsburgh and have already made my reservations there.  If you're going to be at the convention center Had to have my sheets changed when I got to my room. Stains on some towels. Worst elevator system I've ever come across. Should tell you all you need to know.  in which time she asked my fianc why we were there. He told her we were in the city to treat me to a night before he had to go out of town. She really took to heart why we were here "Rude front desk staff. Travelled 4+ hours by car to come see a Penguins game. Booked a room with 2 double beds via Travelocity. Received confirmation email that the room was booked...well This hotel was decent. It was pretty comfortable but they did not have free wifi which is an absolute bummer. I look forward to wifi so that I'm able to get work done  the follow up certainly did. This leads me to believe the issue I encountered is not systemic -- merely one of those situations were someone might be having a bad night. Consequently Overall not a bad place to hold an event." Friendly front desk staff. When we arrived to our room the bathroom was dirty and there was hair all over the place (shower & floor). We went downstairs and asked for a new room. The front desk staff was apologetic about the situation and gave us a new room. Nice room with a great view of the city and PNC Park. Nice gym and okay pool. We really enjoyed the location. Walking distance to so many things! Would stay again"  you are an awesome town. Good people Bottom line: it was way too uncomfortable for costing as much as it did. I'll never stay here again."  whether using the rain shower head OR the regular shower head if you prefer." "2.75 stars. Mostly for The extremely Friendly staff  AND The GREAT view From OUR Room On The 24th Floor. The sheets seemed cleaned (and I didn't see any bed bugs) but that was about the only clean thing. The light switches Only gripe was the elevators. On numerous occasions it stopped on 3-5 floors on the way up and down for passengers that weren't there." Only significant complaint is that you have to wait 5 minutes to get an elevator when the hotel is busy (which it usually is since it's near the convention center)."  but the low relative rank amount of stars is deserved.  I am in a hotel once or twice a month.  This Westin is bottom tenth.  The coffee maker is disgusting and smells.  The beds are constantly short-sheeted My advice is to skip the restaurant completely." "Stayed overnight and was pleasantly surprised.  Very clean and staff was friendly.  Rooms were large and the bed was extremely comfortable.  Only knock is the underground self parking lot is very poorly marked and difficult to spot until you have committed to pulling into the valet parking.  I drove in circles until I gave up and pulled into valet The view was gorgeous and it was relatively peaceful at night... but the rooms and amenities were pretty lackluster when the price is considered. I'm sure there are nicer hotels in the area for my next stay." I would probably stay again if I could get a lower rate... $125-$150 a night is about right... Although the Marriott hotel down the block peaked my interest for my next visit." "From someone who loves hotels - this is by far the worst Westin I have EVER stayed in - truly the brand should take its name off of this property.  From the substandard housekeeping to the truly poor service  but the restaurant sucked.  Very overpriced with a breakfast bar that I'd expect to find at a no-tell motel rather than the Westin.  Management's response completely ignored my complaint about that.  After spending $50 for 3 people's breakfast (and mine was just coffee and a bagel) I expected some response." This hotel does not live up to the Westin standards I'm used too. I stay here for business purposes only but would never recommend this place to anyone to stay EVER! The hallways smell as do the rooms and they are not clean at all. Below are a few photos from my most recent stay. We stay is Pittsburgh quite often and mainly at the William Penn.  We wanted to try a hotel in the same price class and quite frankly  all of the little shops and restaurants are within walking distance.  And if you really want to venture out Clean and professional.  Not so cozy beds during the winter.  I was able to get extra towels when we asked for them  Parking does suck as the other review stated.  But we are in Pittsburgh!  It was what i expected!  this place is tops.  The staff were so helpful and friendly.  I was here for a job interview across the street and the department assistant had already come over to pick me up before I realized that I had left a bunch of stuff behind.  I told the woman at the front desk and they went back for my pricey cosmetics and stored them with my luggage that I was returning for later in the day.  The lobby is really warm and cozy with free coffee If you do stay here don't stay in the cheap rooms since apparently the upgraded rooms have jacuzzi's in them."  but what really sold me was the customer service.  The staff was super kind especially when I realized I had forgotten my family heirloom jewelry.  They were quick to assist me during my panic state and were able to locate my belongings and made sure they were safe within 5 minutes. Would definitely stay here again." Overall it was a nice stay and I definitely wouldn't mind being back here again."  Housekeeping! A little bit of bleach and that sh*t should come right out."  guess that's why they call it ""Shady-side""" I had a nice stay at this hotel. It was very clean and the staff was super friendly. The only downside is that you have to valet your car. It's also attached to a starbucks which is a huge plus. We used points so I can't comment on the price. Our room was spacious and clean. The bed was super comfortable. We turned the AC all the way down and basked in the coolness. It was wonderful." "Location of this hotel is good if heading to CMU or University of Pittsburgh. Surrounding area sketchy on one side. If walk a mile and a half in other direction toward Walnut St there are some cute shops and restaurants. Hotel staff is awesome hence my four stars. Rooms clean and large enough. Room rate way too high for a Courtyard Marriott  if you have business downtown and just wanna stay here anyway  a flatscreen tv. We were not going to be using the room really so the fact it was not as nice as other hotels we have recently stayed in was ok. There was free wifi in the room which is always a plus. Another drawback in my opinion was the fact that the sink area was outside of the bathroom. It was also a tight squeeze and we had to take turns using that area. A minor HTmhb0ILSaGr3qNuTudb9A  Pittsburgh in general is expensive for hotels. All the Sheraton properties were more money I should note that none of the problems I had were insurmountable (though yellowish water and strangers' leftovers are off-putting) and had it happened at a different price point  straight into a brick wall of the building next door. But some of the rooms have balconies on the front of the hotel which would be nicer." uXuiI-Y998JChGn-ebcSdw I recommend it without reservation.  Truly."  like cookies (brilliant!) and fruit and expanded cable. They're located right next to Walnut St. and a bus stop that'll take you to Pitt CMU and to the downtown. Our only complaint They report they are adding staff and upgrading their facilities." I stand behind my review.  If I could give the place zero stars Great location but low on amenities.  HVAC system is ancient and the noise factor on Fifth Avenue is problematic. The price is nice but that's all I can say about the positive.  we did not leave happy campers." but they aren't inconvenient or unpleasant at all  we saw they had received an award in 2009 for being Piuttsburgh's ""Most Romantic Getaway"" spot from the local independent rag.  Nevertheless we experienced too many frustration  which really saves on the restaurant tabs when you have a family. I really liked that the staff seems genuinely interested in pleasing you uXuiI-Y998JChGn-ebcSdw  but I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that they're still under construction and they'll work out some of the kinks. So when you book  but the suite was a glorified college dorm suite."  go to an elevator to take us up to the lobby and take another elevator to get to our room and had to pay for WI-Fi.  I would recommend Shadyside and would love to stay there again and again."  but this was very sleek and modern. Super comfortable bed too. I kept finding lots of little extras ( water bottles chilled  that was why they were you using a 25 yr old mattress. Then I saw the yelp reviews and see that they have been there a few years." I would absolutely recommend this place and would stay here again." Cons: Extremely inconsistent room cleaning service! If you're staying for an extended period of time Once a year for the past 10+ years we've been staying here.  You canNOT beat the location.  You can walk to shops and restaurants and the area is safe.  The staff has always been above average.  A few years ago the rooms were rundown but since they have renovated and the rooms couldn't be better.  A hotel doesn't give you that much room - you literally have your our own apartment.  I was there last week because a family member died.  We were having relatives visit us at Shadyside Inn and the staff went out of their way to deliver chairs to our rooms.  Our rooms were cleaned every day and there are very few places that allow dogs - and they do!  Their prices are reasonable and I wouldn't stay anywhere else while in PA.  Thank you Shadyside!  living room and two bedrooms (great for kids).  Fresh cookies and bottled water on check in and a small breakfast bag for the morning. Parking is tight but within walking distance of some decent restaurants and shops. Well recommended." "I stayed in a suite for 2 nights recently.  The staff were helpful and friendly.  Free shuttle anywhere within 3 miles is a plus "I stayed at Shadyside Inn while visiting CMU.  For the price I thought I'd be getting a typical hotel room.  Imagine my surprise at having an entire apartment to myself.  This was more space than a typical San Francisco apartment and it was cheaper too!  Friendly staff  and for some reason it was impossible to wait until I checked out later today. Counting on solitude and quiet We will not stay at this hotel again."  a full kitchen and a balcony. The units are well appointed and decor is modern. Front desk staff is inexperienced but friendly. Dinner & B'fast spots are within walking distance." Note: ""Shadyside"" sounds sketchy but is actually quite cute and felt safe. It was like the Park Slope of Pittsburgh. There's a street of shops within walking distance and some restaurants with good happy hours."  Courtyard Pittsburgh Shadyside or Sunnyledge Boutique Hotel would make way better options." Nothing special about this place. Great location but the facilities are a little tired. "We loved our stay there and the Experience of staying at your suites. It was homey comfortable and the staff was awesome. I only wish the housekeeping service would not arrive at 8:30 in the morning  and amazing customer service. You really feel like you are at home. Such a wonderful experience. I will definitely be a returning guest." Excellent!! The bed room and living room was spacious. Friendly staff. Great location to shops dining and bars  and there was free parking in a part of town where that's hard to find. We'll be staying here from now on!" "This hotel has a great location in the middle of Shadyside. It's a converted apartment building so each room has a kitchenette and a living dining room. I have stayed here twice now  but with benefits. The decor is simple but with an amazing touch. It is super clean. Front desk staff have been more than helpful. They've given me information on the free laundry machines they have I am truly sorry that we selected this facilty when others in our party (we were there for a wedding) raved about another Inn down the road and of course Mariott would have been a much better choice (and given us points)." Overall a wonderful experience and would stay again. Can't beat the price or the location!" We would 100% go back and stay here.  Great price for what you get!"  clean and modern. The concierge was also very friendly and accommadating. Price was awesome for what you get. I'd definitely stay there again."  this is the best hotel I've ever stayed in. It was all perfect. Every staff made sure we had the best stay we could  but the reality is there are two bedrooms that could each sleep a couple and a two room tiny cubby area with 3 twin beds that really would be appropriate only for small children (and then only if heat tolerant I hear that Sunnyledge is known for their cocktails as well as their stay.  Next time I am in Pittsburgh "I only go here for the martinis. I've never had the food. The bar is an excellent cozy place that works for couples and groups. There is an assortment of non-traditional martinis. The prices are extremely reasonable($8 for a very generous martini) and the staff is excellent. The only sad thing is they have Hendricks gin  the name of this place is ""Sunnyledge Boutique Hotel & Tea Room"".  ""Historic"" is not part of the name."  I will make sure it's well known and will take printed copies of this and put them up around Sunnyledge and use every contact I have to get this printed in the Post Gazette and City Paper.  I have the means  quaint and a little quirky this is the place to stay. Located next to Carnegie Mellon University and within walking distance of the University of Pittsburgh. The surrounding neighbourhood is filled with similar old well kept mansions from 1880's and makes for pleasant walking. I will return to this hotel on my next trip to Pittsburgh. Would have been 5 stars if I had my own coffee maker in the room The menu isn't too bad either. I had their duck wrap and sliders one time. The fries were different. Not bad. but not exceptional. The only issue I have with the food is that the servings are really small and aren't worth the money you spend on it but if you go there on an empty stomach and end up ordering 4 martini's (8 total drinks) then you will need to get something to eat."  this hotel must have come upon hard times or new management. If you are staying at the hotel and need a drink Went there for a dinner date a few months ago.   My dining companion and I both got food poisoning.   Neither of us were surprised.  The food handling left much to be desired. We both got a kick out of the electronic gate to get in and out too!"  but I found that the rest of the amenities and comforts of this place make me not care or even need those things.  They call this place a ""bed and breakfast"" but it is the nicest  but the price coupled with the lack of amenities would make me look elsewhere." This would be a great place for a party!" "Great experience.  The location in between shadyside and squirrel hill is hard to beat for the money.  Beautiful mansion and grounds I have a class reunion to go to next year and hopefully once the details are complete  and gourmet grilled cheese). Did not stay the night but toured the rooms. Classy and sophisticated meets relaxed and totally Un-stuffy."  comparable price for the amenity they have. The location provides serenity that is hard to find in Shadyside. You won't be sorry. Will be back." "People who are booking weddings here need to know that the owner is in defiance of the law and court orders in holding these events  although the ""head waiter"" at our event was rude to my husband and I- we were mingling with guests as we were making our way into the tent for dinner and he approached me and said in a snarky voice This crew may mean well but they really don't have a clue about operating a good B & B.  I would never return and would never recommend it to anyone." Said place was beautiful but could use a little TLC.  Said room was nice so that is good!" Beware of the room service as well.  I like tea before my coffee and would get a cup from room service.  They charge for the tea.  They add tax.  They add a hotel service charge.  They add a hotel delivery fee.  And then there is the gratuity line that is added in.  WHAT?  Don't add anything to the gratuity line...that is what the delivery fee and the hotel service charge is for.  Starbuck is half the price after all of the additional fees and it is right around the corner." Clean. Friendly service. Good price (from hotwire). Very fast Internet with no glitches. Has pizza parlor in lobby. Not bad if you ask me. Overall this is a solid if unspectacular place to stay if you are on a business trip or need a place to host a gathering.  If you're an individual traveler save your money and stay elsewhere."  which I had never asked about before. This time I had my daughter and her kitty with us so we were delighted when we found out pets were okay. The deposit for the pet was very reasonable compared to other places also. MY ONLY PROBLEM was that whomever cleaned the room before we came thought it was okay to leave the comforter covered in dog hair...I guess maybe because it was a pet floor? LOL....We called downstairs and someone came right up to put a whole new dressing on each bed and apologized profusely. That was our only problem. The food had started to slip some before this visit  this property exists on multiple levels. For instance...... the parking lot in the back? You get off the elevator on the 5th floor. If you're going to the bar L9qqVM5OFu1RAKenhkX3kQ Big hotel. Not bad. Bathrooms way too small I had to dry off outside the bathroom. Priceline for good rate. acceptable because it is a convenient drive to most parts of the city with free parking.  It is dated and huge.  I dislike sleep number beds but that's what they have.  Bathrooms are tiny.  In the lounge I had some of the best chicken wings and the rest of their menu seemed impressive and reasonably priced. Again ... not a bad place. It serves its purpose. But God help the souls working there. I think they probably deserve better." If we find ourselves back in the area ... would not stay here or recommend it." Nice to find a dead fly on the bed after checking in! Nicely done. Cons: loud A C bathrooms small "Waited for last hotel bus which scheduled before 1pm from Conventional center to hotel from 12:40 to 1:00 pm. No bus showed up Well for this being my first stay here with my family and pet. I must say the front desk crew and management are amazing.(Todd & Melissa) Very professional and friendly and helped make our stay a good one. Main downside is access from the road.  You will learn it is a bit tricky to get to the hotel and a lot of the times you come back a different way from the way you left." Good luck on your stay. I'll fight you for that last piece of bacon."  traveled on business" I didn't wake up as a doctor. "We traveled to Mt. Holly to attend a death in the family. Luckily I knew where the hotel was located or I would have driven right past the entrance. The parking situation is horrible. The parking layout is poorly designed and I spent far too much time waiting on other guests to park or drive past. The lady at reception did not greet us when we walked up to the front desk. I am an IHC Gold Elite member. The usual offer of bottled water was an after thought and she only offered a single bottle for two guests. There was no hair dryer in the room and when I called the front desk the lady responded as though I was lying. After a few minutes later a member of the housekeeping staff came to my room. She did not greet me as i opened the door. She came in and looked around the room as though I didn't think to look around for the hair dryer before calling the front desk. She did "5 Stars all the way. Front desk attendant ""Christian"" went above and beyond the call of duty. He has a great attitude and is very personable. He is an asset the the Holiday Inn brand. We were grieving the loss of loved one and he was completely compassionate. We can tell he loves his job ! I will always stay at Holiday Inns for now on." The hotel was nice. But the shuttle service was horrid. Had to get uber from airport to hotel due to the no show of an hour wait for it to arrive. And waited an hour and half for shuttle from downtown Belmont to hotel. Terrible. Bottom line is that this isn't the best choice Bottom line is that this isn't the best choice Bottom line is that this isn't the best choice They offer good price AND have happy hour with beer and snacks such as meatballs or chicken fingers Bottom line is that this isn't the best choice  with a free shuttle if you have a mid-morning or noon flight. Too pricey for a transient traveler looking for clean sheets and a shower on a cross country trip." Thanks for such a great stay!"  the feeders outside on the trees welcome lots of squirrels and birds "My sister and I stayed here for the first time and I will definitely be coming again. Robin is great and such a sweet lady:) the home is beautiful and clean Highly recommend. Only faint issue:  would have loved free wi-fi. Not a deal-breaker  the fruit was the only thing they could not mess up. that cost me $15.00 (not happy) I went here because my flight got bumped and the next flight was not until the next day. ( not happy). When i went to the bar for dinner they had hockey on and i ask could they change the channel to CNN OR SOMETHING else the guy said no !! all 6 of the tv had to stay on that channel it was a wiring problem."  they have a small pool and a large lobby.  Perfect place to hang out if your tired of your small room.  Food is okay but nothing fantastic in my three stays there."  OK food. I would visit again." From a cleanliness perspective the room had spider webs around every corner of the ceiling." I'd recommend staying somewhere else if you can!"  this was a good hotel.  I think the room is among the better quality ones in the area and  how bad can a Sheraton be? Answer: pretty bad! A huge number of kids were staying here for a soccer tournament. No one appeared to be supervising these children who ran screaming through the lobby and restaurant bar area for entire evening. Actually they were also running and yelling in and out of elevators and hallways  small but fun indoor outdoor pool and seating area.  Rooms were nicely appointed and everything seemed clean and in order.  The staff was very friendly and the free airport shuttle kept to its schedule (every 30 mins).  However  no free WiFi...which pretty much puts this on the no-go list!"  this hotel and its environs won't do your trip justice. Surprised that this meets the Starwood standard."  but the hotel charged me for internet on my bill and I had to ask to have it taken off (since I'm a platinum member).  This has happened at several hotels "Just had to yelp out because the manager was so nice and helpful to me and my mother not just one but two times today.  The staff is obviously making an effort in the area of customer service.  Hotel is up to date "Staff are great - friendly and helpful. Beds are hit or miss. Some beds are noticeably  older and squeak horribly. Some are as comfy as could be. As usual  fitness room are good. Some floors look a bit dated although rooms are just like other Sheratons."  book through Hotwire. Only thing I didn't like is whatever they cleaned with -- it was a bit much and had an overwhelming smell when I would walked into the hotel." Others in our group had problems as well." Nice hotel but inconsistent staff night crew is great morning day crew  not so great and shuttle is inconsistent sometimes they leave early sometimes on the dot and sometimes late... :   I was searching for a hotel with a free shuttle. So glad I picked this one!  The bed (and plows) were super comfy. HD tv channels  etc were absolutely wonderful! The rooms comfortable and clean and the hotel itself pleasing to the eye! I was very happy with my stay!" "This airport hotel is very nice but doesn't serve breakfast before 6 am:  in the club room My only complain is that the hottub whirlpool has not worked in the 3+ times that we've stayed there.  It's boarded over  and the rooms smell funny. The staff is very nice and the hotel is near the airport. I stayed here due to a flight being cancelled."  should deem accidental night room entry as acceptable hospitality service."  slow-lane internet is ridiculous."  you will sleep like a baby. The wifi in my room is fast. The AC worked great and you have a setting to turn it on nonstop (I like the sound while I sleep and you don't find this at all hotels.) Fridge The location is about a mile from the Charlotte-Douglas airport so you can't beat it for convenience. The inside pool is great for swimming with kids in the cooler months. The room was comfortable and the staff was very friendly."  soft pillows. Great gym and pool. Friendly staff. Perfect for airport drop-off." This place is clean and generous while prices excellent. Only here for an hour and very happy. Hope to continue so well.  it was fixed handled and they have earned my repeat business. Every room I have stayed in since 2014 have been well above average."  but the restaurant was terrible.  If you have a rental car and the ability to leave then this probably wouldn't be an issue but there is literally nothing around this hotel."  service spotty. If I was stuck at the hotel  all she kept saying was they never got our listing and it had happened before. No assistance in fixing the problem. Then while I was sleeping I was woken up by two maids talking between two rooms. When asked to keep it down "Consistent theme is the van service.  I waited over 35 minutes for the van when it is a 6 minute ride.  The hotel overall feels dated.  The room I had was bland We were in town for a wedding and spent very little time at the hotel during our 2-night stay.  That is the only upside.  I'm sure you can find better accommodations in this price range and location." Had to stay near the airport for an early morning fight. All the employees were outstanding. Room service was quick and the burger was good. There is no soundproofing. I had a room with adjoining doors on both side. Both sides were very noisy. The door to the hallway does not seal. There are gaps all the way around. So you hear everything. I did not ask to change rooms since I was leaving in about 5 hours. I would stay here again. I will just make sure to request a quiet room. Thank you for your great employees! "The hotel decor and layout is nice but their room service is a joke. The menu clearly says they serve food 24 7 but when I tried to order at 1am they said ""the cook is not here"". They said the cook is there on the weekends overnight but not during the weekdays. Blatant false advertising. If I would have known there wasn't 24 7 room service I would have put up with the overpriced airport food and gotten something instead of going to sleep starving. There is nothing to eat within walking distance. I asked the receptionist what I was supposed to do with their lack of staffing and she told me to grab something from their little window display that only has skittles and chips. How would that satisfy a hungry customer? Nice hotel  but it was a good value and convenient location ljk9LMGlc8ItupjrSKBoRg The biggest issue I had was with two different front desk staff. The first was a gentleman that gave me completely wrong directions on how to get to the light rail station by bus. Had I taken his directions blindly I would have ended up somewhere in South Carolina. The second issue was when I asked for a late check-out. The staff member said that I could have an extra hour and check-out at noon instead of 11. Just after 11 on the day of check-out -No utensils or dishes in the room (but there are plenty of plastic ones downstairs in the lobby!)" Was checking in and they completely lied to me about having a separate room. That's the idea of having a suite! Now I can't get a place last minute to stay with privacy and money is not an issue. Comfort Suites misrepresented and I'm extremely angry about their booking trickery tactics. I recommend booking somewhere else so you know what your getting into. The girl checking us in (wittni) was inconsiderate and could care less about the issue. Carrie was the only one that seemed to care at all the we got screw3d. I upgraded this from a one to a two star because of Carrie but I'm still upset that I just lost my Friday afternoon trying to clear up the issue. On my way to Staybridge. This was just THE ABSOLUTE BEST CHOICE. My boyfriend and I will definitely be back!" I stayed at this location for a week. Clean hotel. The rooms are large and full of amenities. Staff has been great. The continental breakfast houses a rather large seating area. They're even able to keep up with the demand when it gets busy. Within walking distance to several restaurants. All in all an excellent experience. "Booked a king suite with a sofabed for 2 adults and 2 preteens... the room was equipped to sleep all of us but the room was too small. Despite the fact the hotel was booked for the weekend  the desk was huge...but the bathroom was small. Breakfast in the morning was very convenient Not a fan of having ""elite"" reserved parking spaces- Makes me envision mildly overweight guys in cheap suits and rented Chryslers with titanium Visa cards."  a bit musty and it's not in the best area. Twice I seen cars broken into.  Try to avoid staying in a room facing the back of the hotel as there is a Mexican restaurant that plays loud Tejano music very late some nights." I only hope that you can read this BEFORE you book. Beautiful Courtyard less than 100 yards away. But no way to cancel and I did get the ""benefit"" of the Mexican restaurant's music blasting into the early morning during the weekend.I like Mexican food  for the nondescript traveler who needs a comfy and clean place to crash I would stay here again." "Stayed here for 2 nights in the whirlpool suite. We paid in advanced so we received an additional $20 a night savings. Location is surrounded by several stores and restaurants. Hotel is very clean & plenty of things to do here to make your stay enjoyable. At $99 a night for a whirlpool suite "I'm definitely a fan of the Hilton Garden Inn.  This is my 2nd time staying at Hilton Garden Inn (not this specific one).  Both experiences were great.  The room here was clean  will definitely stay again." I don't typically stay at a Hilton Garden Inn...not because I don't like them...because I do. I primarily don't stay there because I am a Marriott guy and usually stay at the nearest Marriott. But on this trip my client put me up so I stayed where they said to stay. This is a very typical Hilton Garden Inn. I pretty good shape. I think the layout and design could use a little updating...but overall it was a great stay. I would most likely stay here again if I needed another hotel in the area."  especially if you're visiting Carowinds. They offer a shuttle that will drop you off at the gate and pick you up when you're done (barring you are done before 10 pm). Staff is excellent  always good and reliable Internet service and a well-equipped business center if you need it - plus the whole place has an ""exterior"" that makes it look kinda like a mini White House. That's just what it has always made me think of  it had a mold or something. The front desk was very courteous in moving us when this was mentioned and the 2nd room was very nice. Breakfast was delish. And the hotel is located in a very nice area If I was going to stay in the neighborhood of Charlotte again "This is the best Hampton Inn that I have ever stayed in. We love the magic behind the mirrors in the bathroom. The management and the staff are fantastic also. If any of our family comes to town "Lovely hotel. Big work desk to get stuff done on your laptop. High speed Internet. Pillow top bed so comfy. 3 TVs in double queen suites. You guess where the third tv is. Security safe in each room. Refrigerator 59HuAvV6cPuVqaDL3yoFxA  and would highly recommend this hotel to friends and family! Thanks for such a wonderful place to stay!" Attended a seminar at this hotel recently and found it to be a great place for a corporate event. The hotel lobby is nice and ballrooms are well equipped for all sorts of meetings. The only possible problem is parking - it seems that could be a bit of an issue if there is a lot going on at the time of your event.  but it's probably not this one particular site's issue (except for probably the business center)  and upon checkout were billed again for the night for a totally different rate. The front desk did finally take care of this. Also at breakfast there was no food ready and we had to wait about 15 mins. Other than that the hotel was very nice"  this is the best Hampton Inn I've ever stayed at. This specific hotel was so nice and looked very high end compared to the other Hampton Inn's I've been to. The staff was very nice as well. Awesome features like a TV in the bathroom mirror! The bed's were very comfy. The neighborhood was very nice and high-end with a lot of stores and restaurants nearby (a decent movie theatre at the opposite end of the plaza). You really do need a car to get around although I hear the hotel offers a shuttle within a 5-mile radius. Would definitely stay here again!" only criticism is the fitness facility which was lame - 1 treadmill  less than excellent experience. Too bad."  restaurants and a theater within walking distance.  The first thing that I noticed when I walked in past the giant fountain was the free wifi in the lobby.  Although wifi in the room is limited  but this location is clearly very well managed. The rooms are so clean they almost seem brand new. Bathrooms spotless.  The full complimentary breakfast that is well attended and plenty of room to find a table and get going on your day. They always have plenty of coffee options I like this place. It isn't like a regular Hampton Inn.  In fact I didn't even realize it was a Hampton Inn till the next morning. It has a luxurious feel to it.  The room were clean and they or is on the bottom for with a walk out enclosed balcony. Breakfast is included in the stay.  But the hotel is nestled in a sea of great  restaurants and shopping boutiques. Great experience here. This was the best hampton inn I have ever stayed at.   clean excercise equipment at the fitness center and complementary warm breakfast in the morning"  shops and a theater. Our room had a built in tv into the bathroom mirror and a whirlpool tub... awesome right???!! Has a nice little pool in back and a beautiful fountain in front. The best part was the price wasnt too bad either!! Will definitely be coming back again!" -An unfortunate resident."  who behaved as if we were holding her up from something. As I walk out of my room she  yells down the hallway ""What time do you want service!?"" I told her that I don't know Plus** They have a great drink selection in the lobby. From a wide variety of beers to Starbuck coffee  and up to date. The treadmills in their fitness center are awesome! The hotel staff was extremely nice and accommodating. The hotel restaurant was pretty good too. All in all a fantastic experience!" Next time I'll stay at a higher quality hotel further away from the airport." The place is also always hopping because of all the traveling business people like me who may land late and don't want to travel all over heck and creation to a hotel. So it's got that going for them. Unfortunately "My flight got in late at night and I didn't want to drive down to Greensboro and wake my brother up late at night upon my arrival. So I got a hotel here in Charlotte for the night. Good hotel "They took my room number and made a 9 am shuttle appt when I checked in. I come down at 9:00 and the shuttle had already left. Front desk called shuttle and they ""were already at the airport"". Why make an appt in the first place if you weren't going to keep it? Why take down my room number if you weren't going to call me? So much for. Being a platinum member. Skip these clowns"  but the outside fire put was never on while we were there.  Also  comfortable.  Breakfast is not included."  went to the office and she did not even check my name!!!!.... Waited for the shuttle around 40 min at the airport.  Not even friendly people working there..." "Nice room and staff but the point of staying here is its proximity to the airport and that was the flaw in my stay. I had a 7:30 am flight so I wanted to get to the airport around 6:30. They had a 6:00 and 6:30 shuttle and they said it was a five minute drive. So I chose 6:30. I chose poorly. It would have been ok if they did not wait 5 minutes for a guy who was late  she also didn't even put my name or credit card on the room. What she did put in however it was my other  flight crew members credit card paying for both rooms. This cannot happen!!  I will NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN nor will my other crew members!  Unfortunately I was on only a nine hour layover and could not Bathrooms are average." Would I stay here again? You can't beat the location near the airport (and right off I-85). Yeah  but not great. The staff are very friendly and the inside restaurant is nice. The food there is decent and inexpensive. The internet is slow and the beds are not very firm. The rooms are laid out okay and if you can get this place cheap enough then stay here. Otherwise I gave it a two star because I like the people in the cafe and the food was decent."  and all food is served on paper plates with plastic cutlery. Considering how much the nightly rate is The Rest: overall a great hotel with great staff. I am headed to a Fairfield tomorrow but wouldn't mind staying here longer!" "It's an older building. Not the nicest Marriott and my room came with an almost empty bottle of lotion and someone's wine glass out on the balcony. After two nights the lotion is still empty;although the empty bottle was put back with the shampoo and conditioner JW Marriott where are you when I need you???"  and we could try going somewhere else (it's now 4 am and we were exhausted!). I noted that she didn't seem the least bit shocked that this room (154) smelled this way. We were told checkout was 12 pm but at 10 am the housekeeper was BANGING on doors All this in the same morning !!!! 2 stars might be too generous!" This trip has no internet.  NEVER STAY HERE."  and there was plenty of parking. They do have an on-site restaurant "This place is disgusting. My room was NOT clean. The air did not function properly. The shower curtain which should have been clear  space can be some what limited at peak flight time. Seemed to run regularly every 20 -30 minutes at the airport. Also picked up a during a late night."  one of the customers that had been at the widow while we were waiting came back up.  The car they had just given him had left-over Burger King and trash sitting in the front seat that they'd ignored.  They don't care about their customers The car is very costly and they will not tell you the about insurance amount. Enterprise is much better Phone texting the whole time." BACK TO DINNER: But dinner? That's a different story. They do have that cinched up beautifully." If the bed had been even remotely comfortable this would be a five-star hotel."  I worked a couple of weddings and a birthday party here.  The Dunhill is perfect for those occasions because of it's unique architecture (the penthouse can't be beat for a bridal suite)  and a welcome respite from all the cookie cutter chain hotels."  great value too. And here's the best part: This is independently owned. It's making it on its own--no soulless corporation bleeding it for profit. I would come here for a fun weekend even if I lived in Charlotte. Do yourself a favor and stay here." Free parking even if you're just there to grab a well-made Martini. Awesome." O7Tv1yixpIslmrE1WnhO6Q "Great experience. Fantastic customer service and great amenities. There aren't many hotels now-a-days that give you free bottled water The Dunhill is not cheap but my company has a group rate which I am happy to take full advantage of. And I also prefer an independent  and the staff give a crap.  The only drawback is the parking situation ...and it's a little hard to actually drive to the building itself  this room was a touch over 100 nite for weekend. You can NOT beat that rate!  This rate also included breakfast each morning in the Harvest Moon Grille (attached owned by hotel). Oh  NC. Service was awesome and what else could I say except ""I'll be back!""" This hotel is definitely ""old world charm"" with a touch of modern."  I found a good rate online making it a bargain for downtown.  This is where I'll stay next time I'm in Charlotte." "I've stayed here some time ago so I'll keep this short because it and the staff may have changed.  As I remember the staff was very attentive much like a 5 star hotel but for me personally I wasn't digging the old traditional style decor.  In full disclosure  and a great place to experience Charlotte hospitality." Full disclosure - I have never stayed at this hotel but it does look lovely.  So why am I here?  To pay homage to the bar!  Dunhill Hotel has the best lemon drop martini in Charlotte.  It simply must be said!  The bartenders are wonderful as well.  I'll be back Dunhill! But overall the bed was comfortable and the room was quiet and getting around is easy.  As a business traveler I'd still prefer a Fairfield Inn or Holiday Inn Express  all at a very reasonable price. We will definitely return when we visit Charlotte again!" The only reason I took off a star is because I do this some things could be a little cleaner. The bedding  along with complimentary coffee and cookies by the front desk. We also got complimentary wi-fi during our stay. We were only at the Dunhill a short while  and conveniently located in Charlotte. Walking in to the check-in desk was a breeze. Everyone was very friendly. Walking through the halls it becomes evident this is an old hotel. It really could use some restoring. The hotel room was small  but since I stay in so many hotels I think I had higher expectations and anticipated a personal touch that may not be present at some of the larger hotels."  in a small historical hotel with only apx 65 rooms then this is your place.  They had no king size beds or rooms with two double beds available in the rooms they had left.  Location was decent "If I could give 10 stars I would!  This hotel went above and beyond when my Uncle fell ill and had to be hospitalized while visiting Charlotte.  They used their London Cab to come and pick us up at the hospital even though it was out of their cab range.  They also gave me a discounted rate on another room so I could stay in Charlotte and take care of my Uncle.  Now on to the hotel itself  is the BEST and will take good care of you!  He mixes up some amazing cocktails and provides spot-on recommendations if you need them." Perfect. Cocktails in the bar. Room service for breakfast. The suite was beautiful. Romantic. NYE already booked. Great location and plenty of things to do without having to get in your auto. We could live at this hotel. 8-) This is not the typical chain hotel....That is a great thing.  cozy hotel is reminiscent of by-gone days in all but the amenities. It's close to the Blumenthal performing arts center and many good restaurants. If exercise is your thing   service incredible. Great hidden gem in the heart of Charlotte.  I recommend staying."  I appreciate this is a downtown hotel so you don't get value for money at those type of hotels Great hotel! Came here for the weekend with my boyfriend. It was my first time in charlotte and I loved it. Check out was at 12 and they allowed extended checkout which was helpful. Complementary coke and water in the room was awesome! The room was nice with fluffy pillows. Ac was nice and cold and the shower head had great pressure! (Its the little things that matter)  definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice hotel to stay at. They offer free breakfast  that starts at 6:30AM "Popped in for an after dinner cocktail.  Bartender made me an awesome rendition of an Old Fashioned but with Dark Rum instead of Rye.  He took very good care of us!  There is a restaurant attached to the lobby  tired and dusty and the rooms are a major disappointment for the $320 per night charged.  The bathroom was awful Other than that I highly recommend this place." This is the best bar & the best boutique hotel in Charlotte. Peter in the lobby bar is the most attentive bartender I've ever encountered. I feel so at home here I never want last call to happen & I'm so sad when I have to check out & go home. I am so impressed with this property & the hospitality & service is beyond 5 Star 4 Diamond Resort standards... I look forward to my next stay there! I thought the price was reasonable considering the location I would definitely stay here again."  clean and the bathroom was impeccable. The morning breakfast had a a variety of sorts for even for the most pickiest of eaters. We enjoyed our stay and will be back."  all while maintaining old-school charm and first-rate restaurant and bars. This place is the complete package and the kicker - it is in the very heart of Charlotte's banking Another plus in my book: they have Starbucks on site. Guys and night owls will appreciate the intimate bar and cigar smoke saloon. Very classy "What a pleasurable stay. All the employees are super nice. I love the unlimited long distance local package included with Internet. The pool jacuzzi and workout room are great and very empty. The beds are awesome That aside-Marriott's are a good choice for their consistency across all variables. I'll stay here again the next time I'm in the ""Queen City""." Great location in the heart of downtown Charlotte "Stayed here on a recent business trip.  Rooms are a tad small but you cannot beat the location - it is central to everything.  Overall - teh staff was friendly and the rooms Through out the weekend the hotel gave little hospitality gatherings  but this one is relatively new and certainly full of amenities. The location is unbeatable. Cigar bar at the lobby is pretty cool. But Very attentive staff and gorgeous conference areas." fJ72j9pRjLcRzBA_EhB4-g If I ever need a place to stay in the CLT I would definitely stay here again when visiting Charlotte and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone in need of a hotel in the Uptown area." I cannot say enough about how impressed I was both the weekend of the wedding and throughout the process.  I am a fan and will recommend this to anyone who needs a large venue." "I stayed here for a corporate holiday party that was held in their large ballroom and really enjoyed myself. The rooms were satisfactory and the suites were great for post-party gathering. The event itself was beautiful and the food was really great. I really liked the event space layout and the staff was phenomenal. Best of all  but that's not my biggest issue. My complaint is that I'm having to refresh my wireless connection every 3 minutes on my iPad. It's absolutely maddening. I wouldn't be as concerned if I were here for pleasure. The ability to work from my room is pretty critical when traveling on business. I've never had connection issues on my device CAUTION! Beware of Champions Sports Bar in the lobby. Horrible food and service.(See my review for Champions)" Really nice hotel close to everything in the uptown area. Most importantly it's away from the noise in the evening.Walk one block to all of the bars on the ave or Epic center. Epic Center area is really loud at night which makes this hotel ideal since its one block away from the noise Rooms are very clean and the views are great.  The location is right in the heart of Charlotte and convenient to everything - easy walking!!  downtown Charlotte is not very lively after 6PM unless you go to The Epicenter which is about two blocks away. The parking garage smells and so do the elevators that go down to it (Valet is a good option here)."  but the shower head was way too low for someone who is 6'4""..The room was sufficient although were only able to get 2 double beds due to a lot of weddings.  The only thing that would have been nice was a fridge  location is the number one rule when picking a spot to stay.  This is in a great spot in downtown or as the people of char would say ""uptown"". The parking is in a garage below the hotel and runs $20 night which is steep.  The bedding and rooms @ Marriott are comfy and clean.  My biggest gripe w this Marriott is with the scent that is used.  The scent is in the hallways and in the rooms.  I don't know what it is but it reminds me of an elderly persons home.  It has a funky smell.  I expect 4 stars w Marriotts and this one gets 3."  and the entire building is permiated by this acrid odor.  I can't wait to hear what the public health people have to say about this tomorrow.  Meanwhile The perplexing: someone on a megaphone at 2am shouting something on the streets of CLT. No no no no no no no. I cannot do that....The Hooters across the street. Classy A big thank to the night shift for going the extra mile and moving us to a conference room and providing refreshments after seeing us struggling in the lobby at 2AM trying to complete a deliverable while they were cleaning up." Great location and nice clean rooms.  The housekeeping staff was not the best at keeping the noise down in the hallways though.  Other than that my stay was great.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  The place is right downtown and you can walk to just about anything you want.  I'd definitely consider staying here again."  and the service was quick and easy. The concierge gave us free covers into the local bars at the epicentre so be sure to ask. The room was beautiful I had such high hopes! The person who greeted me was wonderful and took care of my large bag and car. But my room is outdated and smells like there has been a massive leak. In the hall there are mops and vacuums. Not a good sign. Is it tomorrow yet when I get to check out? This place is not worth the price! Overall: I always try to book my stays here if the rates are within my company's allowable ranges. I haven't had too many bad experiences and my complaints are pretty common across all hotels." "This Marriott is in a great location if you have business in downtown Charlotte and they have done a good job of keeping it up to date and providing value for the money. Parking is not the greatest A solid choice if you want to be in the middle of everything. $16 day parking that is charged to the card you provide at checkin" I also really liked that the hotel put out little sugary snacks over the course of the day up at the front desk. It was a nice touch. On my last morning I was out the door before the Starbucks opened and the guy behind the front desk was really nice to get me some coffee before they put it out for the morning."  not just a tired enclave for business people but a destination as the beer selection is limited as is the wine list"  still very clean with a friendly staff. There are several accommodations like bars Only 2 stars for location. Rooms are humid and smell like wet dog. Worst hotel I have yet to stay in as a consultant. We can't wait to return for a little R&R again soon!" fJ72j9pRjLcRzBA_EhB4-g  Bathrooms were very basic with bare minimum amenities. Nice flat panel tv with all the basic cable channels. They didn't have a fridge in the room which was disappointing. This is located in the hart of downtown so its an excellent location to visit most of downtown Charlotte." I always sleep like a a baby." One big downfall was that I called last night for the restaurant breakfast hours and was told it opened at 6:00. I planned the start of my day and morning calls based on this. And  I was wrong. We got back around midnight to a line st the only open restaurant where we heard last call was most likely before we could sit down. We decided to try room service... What a mistake. I called the front desk and was told they stopped room service at 11. Wow We only stayed at this Marriott for a night. Checked in around 11pm. The guest service was awesome as usual. The room a c didn't feel cool enough but granted we came from Northern Virginia where heat wasn't turned on at night. But it's a perfect location. Within a couple blocks of restaurants and bars. We will definitely be staying here on weekend getaways again." Stayed only one night for the Belk Bowl and it was a comfortable & good night. The hotel is very nice & the reps were all hospitable. It is always a relief to be met with a genuine smile when I get to my destination. Our room was clean & comfortable. I slept like a baby & didn't notice any city noise on 10th floor. Breakfast was delicious. I had the traditional French toast...so yummy! Thank you Marriott for another good experience. The guy in the 18th floor concierge really is a bad apple.  It reflects poorly on the entire hotel. "A good location walking distance to Epicenter and Arena. Has a parking garage below the hotel. I had a room on the 11th floor which had a nice view. Beds and linen were comfortable. Nice flat screen tv. Room service was quick and food was decent. Shower had big shower head but not much room to put anything like soap or shampoo. Clean  I only waited a few minutes before someone came from the back to greet me. I did a mobile check-in with early check-in request. The rooms were ready when I arrived and checking in was very efficient and smooth. The parking garage is a little tight but no problems parking overall. The rooms were very clean- Mileena did an excellent job! I was disappointed that there was no refrigerator or free wi-fi in the room and the bathroom was a bit cramped but it was still clean and sparkling! I enjoyed the stay. This Marriott is usually my number one choice when I come to Charlotte!" I love this location. They have the best concierge lounge hands down. I've stayed a quite a few Marriott brand hotels and have not been to a hotel with a concierge lounge as good as this. The rooms are comfy and great customer service. The location is awesome! fJ72j9pRjLcRzBA_EhB4-g I switched to the Westin during my last week in Charlotte and that is a way nicer hotel! And it's even cheaper than the Marriott. I would definitely recommend staying in the Westin." "They are renovating the rooms here so hopefully it will be much nicer once it was done.  The room I stayed in was old and run down.  The biggest problem I had though was the paper thin walls.  You can hear everything going on in the hallways and above you and in the rooms next to you.  Water pressure in the shower was also horrible.  My biggest complaint though is the housekeeping staff.  Everyday they were in the halls all day long yelling up and down the hallways.  Also This will be my new go-to for my Charlotte visits!" The location is great.  Very near to anything you might want to do or see.  Time Warner Cable Arena is a couple of blocks If it's a good price - it's fine!" Barely one star here. Ongoing construction huge inconvenience. Rooms are poorly designed. Faux wood floor makes everything echo. In fact faux wood furniture all around. Entry doors can be heard down the hallway. All this for $300 a night. Never again "While they are remodeling this is no longer a business class hotel.  No vending on any floors "You have to look past the current construction and renovation.  Rooms are nicely remodeled but they don't offer complimentary wifi nor do the TV's have High Def.  nice 60"" LG TV's but zero HD!  Why in 2015 are hotels still doing this?  Also Loved our stay here. Updated rooms are really nice. Love the sofa and table. Much more usable space even though rooms are on the smaller side. Bathrooms beautiful but door to bathroom is only semi-private with no lock. Look forward to coming back when renovation is complete. "We came during the CIAA and they were doing rennovations.  The bellman & conceirge staff was efficient as always. The rennovated rooms are nice and streamlined. Would have loved side tables on both sides of the bed. Only doen fall was our cleaning person  because of the hotels design and the location of precarious sprinkler heads (so I was told) you absolutely HAVE to have a bellman if you want to use a bell cart which is worth knowing if you're like me and tend not to carry around tip money. it really made it awkward plus I'm not one who enjoys others in my personal space and always handle my own loading and unloading so this was uncomfortable for me  everything else is great. But I will stay away from ordering room service!" "Excellent service from the moment I pulled up till the time I left.  Front desk was extra accommodating with my questions and needs.   We ordered room service and the food was great!   If I was to complain about anything it would be the parking lot was full and we had to drive to the back of the hotel to park the car "Used to be real good. Undergoing a ""makeover"".  My $249 got a room the size of a closet Very friendly staff and rooms are very nice post- Reno. The complete Reno to be completed in August 2016. Great location in Uptown within walking distance of all businesses. -Rack Rate- It is not the cheapest. Look for one off days for cheaper rates. Also  fire trucks ok granted a big storm came through which also took out the cable the two of three nights I was there. And last but not least cars that drive by until 2am with music loud enough to be at a concert. Just when your eyes close here comes the cars ""the cars that go boom!"" As Tigra and Bunny would put it. So while the hotel has zero control over any of that perhaps better sound proofing? I don't have the answer I just know when I come back I will request a room not facing the street and that's my suggestion to you should you want to sleep in these amazing beds!! If you can sleep through anything well consider this a 5 star review."  friendly and accomodating.  My room was really nice and spacious.  I had a view of the city which was nice but I didn't get to really enjoy since I was not in the room much.  The bed... Heavenly.  The Westin is known for their Heavenly beds and it definitely was.  High thread count sheets and fluffy pillows... the best night sleep I've ever had while on vacation.  I thought about working out at the nice gym but the bed... couldn't get out of it.  Room service was good This Westin is great. I stayed here before relocating to Charlotte and always had a good stay. There is a good lobby bar and restaurant. The rooms are great. Modern and comfortable. The place is practically brand new so it still shines. Definitely a good spot to stay when staying uptown in Charlotte. Bottom Line:  Stay here for the serenity and beauty of the decor  and soaked in the cocktail hour jazz piano. Room service was just okay. The staff was all very pleasant with the exception of the disinterested waiter in the bar; strangest service I may have ever encountered. I think maybe he was trying to pull off some sort of NYC attitude schtick in Charlotte. It was amusing at least. Nice stay I had a great time and would recommend this hotel for a great getaway!"  it's just that the details are off and things are a bit careless.  Maybe it's recession related.  Maybe they will have to be more on their game when the Ritz opens this fall." I stayed here this past weekend.  I love the Westin chain.  their beds are so comfortable.  the service is good and there are nice options for a drink or food in the hotel.  The gym is huge and looks practically brand new.  It is in the heart of the city and you can get everywhere downtown by walking and if you need to drive the highways are very close by.  walking distance to all that epicenter business but a very caring and professional staff."  I suggest one try other hotels before this one."  you get dinged for 18.00 just to park and if you aren't careful they'll double bill you for it if you've prepaid for the room. Parking should also be included in the price of the room and if you want one of those guys at the door to park your car The central location immediately off the expressway made this a convenient choice." 4) free wifi only in the lobby lounge." "Rooms were nice for a reasonable price(for downtown in a big city).  Paid $119.  Bar was overpriced and nothing special.  You get a card for getting in and out of parking deck It is amazing to me that they always seem to have a concierge on duty but they are very content to let us wait for 20 minutes to check-in or out.  I started staying here for business because I liked the design but i am constantly disappointed with the service.  It took me three tries and 10 minutes on hold to confirm my room for an additional night (all while I was running a meeting of 20 people).  The only group in that hotel that seems to have it together is the valet's.  If only it didn't take me as long to check out as to drive from the hotel to the airport. The building looks like it belongs in a ward of Tokyo with a cool architecture and it's on my top places to stay in Charlotte but I really wish they would make some staff changes or train their staff meet Starwood's high standards because they do not currently." "Typically great Westin experience. I was able to get a room here for less than a Hampton around the corner I'm quite sure that when back in Charlotte I will stay here again."  let's summarize: I would give this hotel a solid 4 stars and would definitely stay here again. Not because I have to  several towncars and SUVs waiting outside to take you to the airport for a similar flat rate as a cab but far more roomy and stylish." How can you go wrong with Heavenly Bed and Heavenly Baths? I loved this place!!! If only I could afford to stay here again! Pros are the location in Uptown (easily walkable to many eateries and sundries) Nice rooms but thin walls.  Very helpful staff.  Close to the new Mint Museum and Nascar Hall of Fame.  Close walking distance to downtown activities.  Charlotte was a ghost town on the weekend days!  let me say that I travel frequently both domestically and internationally and have stayed in a variety of hotels. This is the first time I feel compelled to write a bad review. The hotel rooms were dirty and service was terrible.  Bathroom had hair on the floor and smudges still on the mirror. I left a New Tempur-Pedic pillow in the room and called the hotel to recover it. Each time I was transfered  to the security desk and they requested I call back later and see if housekeeping had turned the pillow in. After about 5 or 6 calls they did say they found the pillow and I had to give my credit card info to get it shipped to me.  It was not my pillow.  I called management and received a curt response that they would refund the shipping charges. (but they have still not done this 3 weeks later). I can only say that this hotel has zero commitment to customer service. I will never stay here again." Ok but not fabulous-decor in room was bland.  Quiet with all the things a business traveler could want including business center where you can print out your boarding pass for free.  Great view of uptown and very comfortable beds.  our server was very friendly and attentive -  and they also give you your coffee in a to go cup after you finish your sit down breakfast. Nothing like 3 cups of coffee and a spare before you get to a conference." Expect larger crowds for the bigger conventions in town as this hotel is literally across the street from the convention center.  Convenient for guests but a slight traffic headache."  even the workout center.  The beds are the best...how good is the bed here...I actually ordered one for my  home.  The staff is aways wonderful & has such great suggestions for places to eat and things to see.  My only complaint is parking- every visit we have issues with the self-park as the parking pass always has some issue.  Also The lobby bar in a little unique with the waterfall thing.  I don't know how close the uptown restaurants are from a walking perspective but a nice place to stay and have a meeting." close to the airport and directly across the street from the Convention center." "Like this Westin better than any I've stayed in. Lobby area is a large open space that gives me a travler-friendly feeling. Staff was over the top helpful and always friendly. Breakfast buffet was really nice each morning and bar area in the lobby was very modern and a nice place to relax. I found the rooms to a nice size Deducting one star since they don't have a platinum concierge lounge." I will NEVER be back."  we had a room for four people but were only provided towels for two."  nothing impressive or unimpressive. It pretty much meets your expectations of a Westin. Just a bit too many conference attenders pouring in and out every week." So many better options around"  this is my 12th or so Westin stay this year---and it has been the best of all of those."  I'll be looking at other properties in close proximity to the conference center or staying further out and riding the train in."  with a ridiculously comfortable bed and muscle-melting shower. Paying for internet did kind of suck. Parking garage was a bit confusing. But small details. I was passing through on a long drive and I was able to rest and relax quite nicely here. If I had the extra time  but I think I'll be heading to the Ritz Carlton in the future where I'm sure they'll at least treat me with some modicum of respect instead of treating me like I came in off the street begging for some change."  I was ensured OH OH ok yes we wil put them in there RIGHT NOW. Did that happen???? NO. So she had to call the front desk and say her name and ask if there was anything there FOR HER.. and they said.. yes Would definitely try to stay here again next time if I'm able to visit Charlotte again!" I've been to better Sheratons and what hotel sends staff to knock on the door at 8:30pm telling me that I'm playing my banjo too loudly.  Never happened before and I'm in the thick of bluegrass country. Was it necessary we had to go through all this?  Therefore The hotel park is very expensive - $18 nt. I recommend going around the corner NOTE:  I am unable to check in at The Westin.  Yelp says I am 13 miles away..." I do have to say they have a GREAT gym- huge with lots of equipment & space."  near Church street to hit the little alley of bars and restaurants. They've got great atmosphere and reasonable prices (The Belfast and Valhalla in particular)." Heavenly Bed.  Nuff said  great food at Embers Restaurant and nice room." (WiFi is free for Starwood Preferred Guest members  I think I prefer the Courtyard Marriot a few blocks over  and no shuttle to and from the airport! Maybe I was expecting too much but I was pretty underwhelmed especially for the rate charged."  just don't think about dropping the cash until after your stay." The maids did and awesome job every day !" I love Starwood brand hotels.  This Westin is a very well run hotel.  I have stayed here several times for business. The service is excellent.  The rooms well done. The catering is outstanding.  The restaurants and bars are well done. The location is ok with a quick walk to the heart of Charlotte.  Stay here you won't be disappointed.  comfy beds and nice staff. Late night lounge   bar scene is pretty good as well. Been here about 10 times and I'll come back again."  room clean and the bar relaxing. Kudos to Brian (front desk) and Jarrell at the bar - great staff! The view from our 25th floor was fantastic. Would definitely stay again!"   I assure you I wont be back unless you do..I hope this group considers another venue  the bar and bar staff were awesome and the beds were comfortable enough. But for the rate that we paid the cleanliness of our hotel room was unacceptable. There was a massive stain in the middle of the floor and left over beverages from the last occupants  etc... I am always shocked by the varying price of additional services at Westin properties.  Parking at this hotel is a virtual deal breaker at over $20 night.  The hotel itself is very nice Stayed here for business.  Really enjoyed it.  Very relaxing and clean.  The staff was very nice.  The breakfast was great too for room service.  Highly recommend  shopping and dining.  Next door to Charleston Convention Center."  so working out gets too hot. The room itself has a nice view but seriously all it is is a bed and a shower. There's nothing all that nice about this $300 night room. There is nothing included: no breakfast  there were a ton of people and we were always greeted with a smile and even given an early checkin and late check out. Our room had an amazing view of downtown Let me be clear that I think the cleaning staff is doing the best they can with what they have been given. They just need a better starting product!" "Westins have the best bed linens...my room was a little too hot for me...air set to 64 and was still a bit warm.  Otherwise I am only giving them a 5 because of the service I received.  I have stayed here before and the rooms are always great and this time I unfortunately got a room that must have had a party in it.  Stains on the carpet and the walls were damaged and marked up. "So I've stayed at this hotel several times now.  I really enjoy the convenient location to the light rail.  There are several good local spots to eat at just off the light rail's route.  The breakfast Buffett in the lobby is expensive Be sure to sign up for the SPG rewards so you can earn a free night at an SPG property." "I've actually been here at least 3 or 4 times now and it's fine. It's a Westin. Pretty consistent as a chain in my opinion. Been to about half a dozen now and they all seem to match up pretty evenly more or less. A solid option before you leap up the prices to luxury status. That said I am writing this after my horrible Omni experience because now I appreciate my experience here even more. The staff are great and I had a very wonderful experience. I didn't get that intrusive uncomfortable feeling like I did at the Omni. The room was very modern and their electronics were up to date including the ipod deck and the mini bar. The room was CLEAN and large just like the bathroom. And the view from the large windows was beautiful. 4nFqPL-glgDm9v7bZptskQ  I would most likely stay at the Westin again."  good location to get around when visiting for work and the hotel bar is a nice place to grab a drink after a long day." I have high standards for this place since my previous stays have been great.  Why are you slacking Westin Charlotte?"  I'm a fan just yet. I'll give them another try...but I'm not really in a hurry."  however I would recommend to ANY hotel that have guests that are prone to kiss behave and not obey the rules to either NOT have anyone stay in t contiguous room (or on the floor at all) or to warn them prior to checking them in."  but they don't really need to be.  Staff was courteous and helpful throughout.  Prices can be a little high  so plan accordingly. Within walking distance most downtown happenings. Appreciated the town car service. I mean  our room was nice and the location is great.  My only complaint was the A C in our room was acting really wacky and not coming on and the drinks at the bar (which the patio is a great area outside to relax) were kinda pricey."  just don't forget that the room is only the start of the cost."  but as another yelper stated. They didn't go out of there way. Being a SPG gold member "Need a place in Charlotte to get black out drunk without fear of waking up missing vital organs? Than the Westin Charlotte is the place for you. Was witness to an amateur drunk who passed out. Rather than doing the typical bounce and toss the staff gave genuine care and concern to the help him through the this moment of self reflection. One employee went so far as to ice his neck in hope to help him sober up  you can get takeout from the restaurant if you want to get around the in room fees for dining." A beautiful hotel with accommodating staff and good amenities. The catering is splendid. The food is fresh and REALLY good! I don't need to say anymore than what has been said about the beds. Just the best there is. Bathrooms are modern and clean. Charlotte's beauty can be seen out my window. Stay here! Pay valet and self parking are both offered by this Westin.  It is easy finding a spot with self parking."  I think the bed aggravated my back pain. I also understand a number of conferees who drank the water experienced discomfort and sore throats." I fully believe the lack of ventilation and poor AC quality led to my roommate and I both ending up sick. But imagine my surprise when I get back home and complaints start popping up like crazy from dozens of the convention goers who also came home sick. I can't say for sure what the cause was  and when there are issues they hop to it.  This property rides on the tails of its location I have also been to most other popular hotels in Charlotte. The city doesn't have a Four Seasons  so that was a mild inconvenience. There are two bar options in the hotel. There is also a cafe that serves Starbucks and some breakfast pastries. There is a restaurant on site as well. I only tried it for breakfast. That was very disappointing but i will save that for my review of it." BED BUGS. Got 5 bites for one night. The bites caused an infection that was so bad that Dr. gave me 3 antibiotic shots within 24 hrs! He also suggested me to go to ER if not getting better. STAY AWAY!!  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here." We enjoyed our rooms and the hospitality the staff conveyed.  The only down side was how far of a walk it was to get to any dining or entertainment.  The surrounding parking lots are monitored like prisons constantly harassed by security for just walking through. All in all we had an amazing stay! I highly recommend this hotel. This was our second time staying here  most accommodating staff of pretty much any hotel I have been to...and compared to other hotels I stay at in this category Finally the self parking is $20 a night which is just much too expensive for a city like Charlotte. Being from DC I'm experienced with pricy parking but $20 a night in a small city like Charlotte is just ridiculous!" 4nFqPL-glgDm9v7bZptskQ  yet worth it if you prefer a downtown (they call it uptown in Charlotte) location while either traveling or on business."  sent champagne and nibbles and even gave me an upgrade so I could show my fianc the best time of her life. Her staycation The valet curbed 3 of my 4 rims on my new BMW and refused to pay for the damages." I checked in thursday morning which was great because I just got in from a redeye flight and it was 10:30 in the morning and they had a room available. Which I took full advantage of and took a nap before my sales conference started.  The room was very nice. I ordered Carolina pulled pork sandwich from their after hours menu. The person who brought the food up to my room said it was the best in Charlotte. Description said grain mustard Cole slaw and pickles. The coleslaw was a couple pieces of lettuce with some carrots. There were no pickles or grain mustard. Then the next night I ordered a turkey club and it is exactly what it said on the menu. The customer service is awesome but they need to  follow what their menu says. Other than that I had a great time. The channels are very scarce and it takes multiple seconds for the channel to change. Either the batteries are almost dead or its just terrible. We live in a time where tv is very simple. Their tv service reminds me of watching TV in the early 90's. This hotel also features a deal I've never heard of before and sadly didn't take advantage of.. You can rent workout gear for $5. They will send New Balance shoes and clothing to your room! for $5! Such a steal if you dont' have room in your carry on for extra items."  we were there for a Sales Summit for our FASTSIGNS store in Rochester  so unable to comment and that was a bit inconvenient.   Parking is rough through - $20 day."  and Jasper. They always greet with a warm smile and are helpful (even when there is a long line) great individuals and examples of customer service! This is a busy hotel with a ton of demanding business clientele. The hotel is amazingly accommodating despite being booked to capacity almost every night."  super nice people! Parking is not my favorite thing here as you have to find a parking spot in the garage attached to the hotel unless you valet. The beds are super comfortable and they bring you extra pillows when requested. As I am a pillow snob and very picky about my pillows I give them extra kudos for the feather pillows." The bathroom was luxe covered in cocoa brown marble tile.  The shower was equipped with a huge rain showerhead and handheld pulsating spray total heaven for neck and shoulder muscles.  I liked the mirror and lighting combination.  But you will lauugh but I LOVED the tall toilet that allowed you to sit down and not drop down PS....8:30 and still no coffee or breakfast.  Time to check out and never come back.  Will upload photos in another review." Stayed on the 24th floor for one night for work. Hand's down I had one of my best night's sleep on a foreign bed ever! The hotel staff was courteous and friendly all around! I especially loved the waterfall shower head and Starbuck's coffee in each guest room. Nice touches! I was here for a wedding this past weekend and the staff @ The Westin were great. Able to get an early check-in and had the lovely Savannah check us in. The 25th floor housekeeper organized everything so well (I have a bit OCD and it was perfect) Front desk specialist Pierre was friendly and informative on the local whereabouts. Very happy the Westin believes in customer service.  nickled and dimed for fees Had a room overlooking the city but the seals in the window were broken and it was a foggy blur. Staff was supposed to help with a reservation and dropped the ball. They double billed my credit card for the room. The hotel is starting to look warn and needs investment.  fresh and had the conveniences I expected.  Breakfast buffet was good - price was higher than I would pay personally  though is getting a little dated. The bed is very comfortable and the linen was clean and crisp. The room's size was okay and the bathroom was on the small side. The bathroom light was quite dim  to buy a drink I had to spend 30mins in a line first to buy a ticket and then buy a drink in another line . Total time spent 1 hour for a $15 drink . Want my money back" It's also a stop on the light rail!" "Comfortable stay and good customer service.  $20 a day for self-parking in uptown Charlotte seems a bit extreme.  This is what I would expect to pay in a larger city.  Housekeeping forgot to supply clean towels one afternoon and promised to come back with some but never did.  We were left with 2 washcloths and that was it.  Housekeeping was also always knocking on our door by 9 am to see if they could clean the room.  When we were not ready to leave the room for the day "Absolutely the best!  I stayed here this weekend for the V-WISE conference.  The room  you wanted a microwave in your room?"" No...Not a Sir and I wanted to order mozzarella wheels.  ""Oh ok that'll be $19.46."" What?!?!  No.  Never mind.  They are $10 on the menu so apparently they feel it's perfectly ok to charge you double for some fried mozzeralla...$20 for fried mozzeralla...absolutely not!  So I put my clothes on & go downstairs to find a sandwich in a sundries store or coffee shop in the hotel because typically ALL large hotels have this kind of thing...NOPE...& there isn't anything nearby like that either so I would have had to go back to my room The front desk and housekeeping staff were super." "Clean room. Pushy on extras and ""signing up"". Charge for wifi use. No shuttle from the airport. Too many little things to give a higher rating." "Beautiful hotel in a great location in Uptown. I enjoyed the clean rooms and the great view of the city!! I visited in November 2015 and was pleased with the service provided by the hotel staff. My only complaint was the parking situation. I paid $20 night to self-park in their garage  drinks and food. Customer service was great and they were super nice and helpful there!"  bride from the suite requests a trolley and bell boy to help and again took almost an hour before they came up." 4nFqPL-glgDm9v7bZptskQ There are a lot of nice hotels Uptown. I would recommend choosing a different one." We were disappointed in this hotel.  Lobby bar staff was unfriendly.  We stayed for four nights and got minimal cleaning service in our room. "The phone call from the manager @ 7:00 am ruined the trip for me. I normally stay at The Hilton Center City but I wanted to try something new.  I reserved a Superior room for the weekend and was asleep when I received a call saying they could not verify my card. The hotel room was paid for I got a room with blood stained sheets and carpet with stains all over it. This is the worst Westin I've ever stayed in." "The room was ok.  I stayed here before and had a suite- which was spacious and comfortable.  The double queen room was a bit cramped-- but still had a great view of ""uptown"".  My room key kept deactivating  and bottles of water provided in the room are $3.95 a piece. The rooms are pretty small for a 4-star hotel as well. There were no bags in any of the trash cans which I found odd and  giant flat panel TV's in every room. Staff is helpful and pleasant to speak with. Parking garage onsite."  i got one and there was no children's menu attached.  i called to see if they could tell me what was on the children's menu.  i ordered our food and they said it would arrive within 30 mins.  it did arrive in the amount of time they told me but my daughter's order was incorrect.  she ordered chicken tenders and fries and got chicken tenders and carrots (which wasn't even an option as a side).  my son's grilled cheese also came with tomato on it.  i didn't complain but thought it was odd that a tomato came on the children's grilled cheese and that no one told me that when they were reading the kids menu to me (since i never received one).  i called to tell them that my daughter's fries never came and they said they would send some up right away.  45 mins later we still did not have any fries so i had to call again.  i just got a call back that they are making fresh fries for her and they offered a cupcake for free.  i appreciated the sentiment and all the people i talked to were very kind but it wasn't enough to make up for the run around i've had for the last 2 hours."  and the staff was very accommodating. I just sort of hoped for a tiny bit better Great location for someone new to the city. Your right in the middle of it all! Within walking distance of Charlotte's great bars & restaurants. The staff was very accommodating. Fi5sQxROyTLp5qDuYKz6bQ I would recommend this hotel only because it's a decent price (especially if you complain enough to get half price) and in a great location.  Close to plenty of restaurants 3 years ago I was charged $80 dollars for a flower pot that I ALLEGEDLY broke."  please read my original review for helpful advice when checking into hotels....i.e. use a credit card rather than a debit card in order to protect your funds."  if I found another hotel in the same price range I'd stay there instead." "This is the second time that my husband and I have stayed at this hotel.  Both experiences have been terrible.  The staff is very rude and does not go out of their way to smile or go the extra mile.  The decor is bright and nice and i should take a moment to point out the breakfast buffet was unusually good.  not a massive selection but there were 9 staff down there waiting on about 8 customers hand and foot.  i was playing with teh waffle-maker  and they wanted 12$ !!  The real reason I gave 4stars is because of one staff member.  His name is JJ and he is amazing.  He recommended a place for us to eat almost every night.  The night we went out on the town he gave us a list of all the places to go.  Its very obvious he truly cares about the customers and knows whats going on in Charlotte.  People like him are few and far between  and would be willing to stay there again if I went back to Charlotte City Center ..." "Recently stayed at this Holiday Inn location for a business trip and was pretty happy with it.  The location is great and the room was pretty comfortable.  Free Wi-Fi is very nice since so many hotels now charge you a fee.  It was walking distance to many restaurants and pretty much in the middle of everything.  If I were to come for a personal trip Fi5sQxROyTLp5qDuYKz6bQ I stay in 3 to 4 hotel rooms a week so I am not too picky when it comes to beds but these were terrible. If I'm going to pay $160 night I at least want a decent bed. And this may sound weird but the toilet seats were too small (and I'm a small guy). The rooms were clean but I would not stay here again. This hotel is marvelously situated within walking distance to some of the best entertainment and dining in town." The stay at the hotel was wonderful and the event was great. I really appreciate all that helped me at the hotel to make this event special!" "The decor here is very nice and modern. Within walking distance to lots of center city attractions. Everyone here is friendly and helpful. Only downside is parking which is $15 a day for self parking or $19 a day for valet. We had trouble connecting with the wi-fi even though we were given a code to use at check-in "Very pleased with king suite! Great customer service  and will do a lot to keep you loyal.  We did our research and liked the IHG brand (everything from Holiday inn express to Intercontinental)for a few reasons; they are literally everywhere so we knew that when we travel we can stay with them and continue earning points  especially given the ideal location in the middle of Uptown." The hotel itself is in a nice area of downtown with a ton of restaurants and stores within walking distance!" We will absolutely be back! Thank you for a wonderful stay!"  but I'd rather lick dog poop off the bottom of my shoe than waste another moment of my life on this place.  It's awful and we won't be going back.  The worst of our experience?  Let's just say that the hotel employee who used his master access to open up our room Parking downtown is expensive. I took advantage of the Lynx Blue Line Park & Ride to  pinch some pennies and it worked out. Parked 2 days for the cost of the train ride. Win." If we're ever visiting again Steer clear of this hotel.  Mediocre rooms but very unpleasant service - they do not honor reservation requests and have nothing but excuses. Bar is way overpriced.  There are MANY choices in Charlotte - do not consider this hotel as one. "Perfect location with a warm friendly staff.  What more could you ask for?  Everyone from the valets to front desk staff were wonderful.  Our room was clean and looked to have been remodeled in the last couple of years.  When we mentioned we were in Charlotte for a sick relative Overall I enjoyed my stay and stood at other holidays because of it!" The middle elevator has been known to get stuck or doors not even opening....  Things to just be aware of!"  let me emphasize this: I WILL NEVER stay at this hotel or at any hotel in the vicinity again.  Annoyed doesn't even begin to describe my level of irritation.  Hotel management should be ashamed that they A) let this happen right outside of their doors B) put paying customers on an exterior part of the building where they are subjected to this kind of noise." "It is 1:41 AM on a Wednesday night as I lay awake listening to extremely loud DJ music from the bar across the street. It literally sounds like there is a major concert going on. I am traveling on business and will not be able to function well tomorrow because of this. I called to complain twice. The staff called the cops who are apparently there but not doing anything. I was told music would end at 1; I counted the minutes but nope..  this is then my default hotel. Rooms are clean and check in is fast. My room faces the back of another building and was quiet. The beds are on the hard side. All expected things were in my room which was great (bottled water  inappropriate and lack some serious customer service skills. Next time I'm in Charlotte I will be staying at one of the many other hotels downtown."  explained the area and had discount and freebie coupon's for almost everywhere in the vicinity.  Whatever we needed.....Adam took care of it.  Very cool and professional young man!  Definitely a place we will return." I stayed at this motel for 2 nights (June 19th & 20th). The first morning I had 2 red spots on my right arm but just dismissed it. We stayed out all day & returned for the last night. I woke up Sunday morning with 15+ bites on me--mainly right arm & forehead. I called & talked to manger as soon as I saw the bites. She insisted that I was probably having an allergic reaction or I had picked up something outside!!!  The places were itching so bad. I checked the bed & saw a couple of reddish flecks on the bed skirt. When we checked out I spoke to manager & showed her my bites. She said they would shut room down(room 416) & have exterminators come in and let me know within 72 hours. On Monday I had 42 bites on me from my head down to my toes!!!!  I'm still waiting to find out what ate me up!!!!   No way would I EVER stay at this motel again.  I find out that the airline lost my reservation and I now have to pay full price for a room. I talk to JJ and the other desk staff and they get me set up with the original promised rate. Room was a dream (even though I was only there for ~5 hours) and I was greeted by name in the lobby the next morning. I'm not often in Charlotte "We went here after a meeting. Made reservations in advance.  We let them know we have a EMS dog due to my PTSD  SC Where the Holiday Inn Express Downtown welcomed us with open arms." "The only hotel I've ever stayed in that denied room service on two different occasions during my stay. Also  the security team is the rudest most condescending group of people I have ever met. I did not understand how to use my key card to get int he building and they raised their voices at me stating that ""what did I tell you to do yo."" And in front of a group of people at that. I have never been more humiliated when I was using a defective card that they were to ignorant to realize. DO NOT STAY ST THIS HOTEL."  but I will definitely check other places first. I would definitely recommend other properties here in the uptown."  staying in a hotel for few days and still have to pay for parking is not cool." Was just ok. Don't expect too much. Basic everything. Restaurant seems nice. Front desk people are cool. Staff ok The room doors are all spring loaded to they slam shut. Not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day. And you get all this for the reasonable price of$165 per night (before taxes) Oh well.  We will know for next still and will probably stay here again."  which was one of the reasons I went to this location was because of their indoor accessibility with the pool for my mother who I was visiting in the area The nicest Residence Inn I have stayed in thus far. Very Impressive. I would probably have ranked the place higher had they decided to come through for us on customer service  prepare to wait in lines for your coffee to be refilled during football season.  During the game they'll have a tailgating party in the lobby area for the poor schmucks that didn't get a ticket.  Also quite close to the Charlotte visitor's center We had a nice stay here. Staff was very friendly and the room was nice and quiet with a good view of the city. I would say it was a good value. What else can one ask for in a stay. About a 8 min walk to the convention center."  bathroom was large and everything was extremely clean. Would definately reccomend staying again." Good location. Terrible front desk staff & way over priced. The front desk staff was not interested in helping me checkin. She kept answering the phone even though others were there. We had an issue as when I booked via my phone it didn't say there was a $75 fee for a pet. We left. Made a one night stay $325. Ummm you are a Marriott not the Ritz Aside from the room there's a beautiful bar downstairs which is well stocked. All the bartenders are friendly. They also serve complimentary breakfast in the mornings. Decent size gym with equipment that is well taken care of. There's an office area and pantry if needed. There's a parking garage that you use your hotel key to get in and out of (grab 1 extra key if you're like me and keep forgetting the hotel key in the car after I used it to get in the garage!). The garage is well lit and actually has power saver sensors so when you walk through at night the lights get even brighter so you feel safe walking through. There was also staff that would walk with you at night if you wanted (nice touch). There's room service if you're to tired to cook or go out. It's basic food but tastes good. Also Great location and in the middle of the night life. The room was large and spacious. I'd recommend this for anyone who needs more than one night with better rates. Front desk was very helpful and friendly!  gave me plenty of attitude while scrutinizing my final bill ensuring I am charged for the late checkout and parking despite me repeatedly telling them I paid for and used the Duke side.  This trip alone Stayed here on a saturday night and i loved it. It was only a 7 minute walk to all the bars and clubs. The room was very spacious and clean. The staff was really friendly and helpful. I would recommend this place if you are in the Charlotte area.  nice warm cookies!  I have stayed at this one twice and would recommend to out of towners."  and they had everything i needed in the bathroom except shaving cream I give this place a solid 4 stars for friendly staff  probably due to the construction. I would not expect to get the same rate at this hotel once the construction is completed." Stayed here while in town visiting family.  The accomodations are nice and the price is right.  Has a great location right in uptown Charlotte.  The place will also accept pets which is a big thumbs up in my book!  I ate breakfast in the hotel every day - it has the typical assortment of breakfast food and it was ok.  located in a trendy part of town. This was a great deal on Priceline for $49. The room was well decorated and look to have been recently renovated. Great area for walking  Hotel is pretty nice- great location- very clean- gave it three stars instead of four because the televisions in the rooms are the same model I had in my college dorm room in 1989- could use a little updating- got in early on Sunday afternoon to hopefully catch the football games... The wifi speed was decent though. That's always a plus." The bed and room were excellent... I slept like a baby at a hotwire price."  the reasonable price for the room was offset by the additional costs of the amenities. Internet access was $10 for every 24 hours. Parking was $13. Breakfast (mediocre food) was $15. Room service food was overpriced. Left feeling like it was NOT a good deal at all." The sheets have been used too many times and they need to get new ones.  Also "Excellent all the way around. Very accommodating Not sure I would stay here for a vacation (a little outside of 'downtown' and historic Charlotte) Nice hotel and good location.  The room was nice and the breakfast buffet was good but didn't include made to order omelets.  I would stay here again.  lovely sunny room decor. Very comfy beds. Super clean! Nice amenities. Close to everything. Staff helpful. No free wifi  Rachael and the rest of the staff are amazing. Rooms are super nice. Location is perfect. Take advantage of the Hounds friends family rates ($89 Weekend This place is great for the price and location.  def recommend if you in the area  I'm basing the low review on one factor--they charge for wi fi in the room.  I can't stand this new ploy some hotel chains are using to squeeze another ten dollars out of you (after the normal 3 or 4 special taxes they hit you with).  The hotel was fine otherwise but as you can tell charging for wifi is my pet peeve.  I will look for a more hospitable hotel next time I'm in Charlotte." IYNZXcNVXiCVavCrplXPlQ  or if you just ask for one. Try and stay here anytime I'm in Charlotte." The staff at the hotel was very polite and the cookie you receive when checking in is delectable." "I love the fact that they have a recycling bin in each room! The layout of the room was nice and service was really good. The fitness center was not amazing Historical buildings districts  I'd look for a hotel closer. Price would be close to a wash and convenience would be better."  they checked to see the history log of entries to my room and the manager confirmed a house keeper did enter my room 20 minutes before I woke up and complained. Then told me that he does not think she took the money because she is a long time employee and that was it.... Why did she enter my room while I was sleeping at 12:43 noon time? There was not a single knock or a phone call. She claimed there was noise complaint between 3 rooms. Wouldn't the lobby call or knock on my door? The manager did nothing to help First time here ..stayed one night .. The fresh cookie was a nice hot gesture to bad I don't eat nuts lol but I still thought it was cool the hotel has a fresh mod vibe the room was clean and a decent size and great price they also had great hand-lotion which I loved  it was like coriander or sage I can't remember.. This was a nice hotel clean and comfortable I highly recommend I would recommend this hotel." "2 stars for the curtious staff.  Rooms do not have fridges or microwaves....they can be provided at a charge if $10 (each) per day.  Decent fitness facility IYNZXcNVXiCVavCrplXPlQ "Comfy beds and overall seemed very clean. Thought this place would be way nicer and a few blocks closer to the Epicenter for the price though. Weird bathroom layout with toilet under the counter. The pool is nothing to write home (or yelp) about. The guest elevator is also the service elevator with a second door that opens each time you're in it to the towel supply room  other dining options within walking distance are pretty limited"  they do not guarantee the room that you booked online. Traveled with my brother and booked a two double bed room and when we arrived all they had were rooms with a single king bed. Was told by the front desk I could get a roll away bed brought into the room at an extra charge of $10 a night if they had any available. Didn't matter whether they had any available or not because I had no intention of giving this place any more of my money. I travel often and I mean i travel a lot and this is the first time I have ever had this happen to me. I have stayed in nicer hotels at cheaper prices and haven't dealt with this kind of problem ever. Needless to say I have crossed all Hilton hotels off my traveling list. Also  extra pillows etc.). I knew we were going to be coming in late so I requested two bottles of smart water and extra pillows (I'm eight months pregnant). None of this was provided upon arrival. When we arrived we found out there was no valet and self parking was $14 a day. The self parking garage is not close enough for me to walk so my husband and had to get the car and leave me in the lobby waiting. If $30+ wasn't enough for parking they also charge $10 for WiFi for just a day! When I called the front desk to see if she could offer me anything since I was a loyal HHonors member she simply said no and wouldn't help me. The room was clean and I had no problems with it accept that the bath tub was small and I couldn't sit down and fit. I love Hilton hotels and will continue doing business with them but this DoubleTree was a no in my book." "Decent rooms. Great location downtown. I wanted to work from my room but there was no hard wire connection and the wifi was weak along with a weak password given to everyone. The breakfast buffet was ok  which made the other guests around us unhappy as we were going back and forth between rooms with the doors slamming. We also had a fifth person and the hotel didn't have cots I did have concierge call me and ask me to turn down a Bluetooth speaker I had playing in my bathroom around 8:00 pm-it wasn't late and it wasn't loud yet someone complained. Seems a little bit tattle tale to me Breakfast buffet is $17 and doesn't have a very extensive selection.  Chik-Fil-A is walking distance if you need a better option.   The restaurant stops serving food at 11 pm "While the hotel stay was fine (been staying there when picking up taking daughter to college) the restaurant is another matter.  Went for breakfast.  Service was terrible and the prices were ridiculously high - two bowls of oatmeal There was a 7-11 closeby but not much else past dinner time."  including tv screen so bring ear plugs if you want to listen.  There were not weights though and the pool is too small for laps but there is an aquatic center just a few blocks away with both ($8 a visit for non-residents).  The treadmills are sufficient for running but Uptown is completely side-walked so if you prefer running outside its 'safe' from traffic at least." I definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking for a great location and a great value in the Charlotte area." Alright   Mediocre Rooms + Satisfactory Shuttle Service + Snooty Concierge + Horrible Gym Facilities + Atrocious Location = Don't waste your time. I saw a park bench a few blocks away that I will be living under during my next stay in Charlotte. Do yourself a favor and visit the aLoft at the Epicenter -- it beats this place in every measurable way." "They had a shuttle pick me up after the taxi dropped me off at the wrong Hilton.  Doh!  Super nice staff.  Their gym is really small and doesn't have much.  Pool is small too.  Nonetheless  nice hotel and the location is perfect.  Within 6-8 blocks of everything you need for dining and entertainment.  Off the main beat so there is never any heavy traffic as if sitting downtown in the middle of the banking district.  Rates are always superior to anything in the area.  Rooms are over sized compared to Hilton and Marriott in the banking district.  I would highly recco this hotel for future guests of Charlotte."  measured at about 9Mbps down and up.  This was a pleasant surprise."  food too. Had a GREAT burger which I typically don't order. I'd give it 5*****'s if it had more of a selection of menu items." I recommend it overall and would happily stay if I return to Charlotte."  I am returning for my next trip to Charlotte in March - will provide a review update at that time."  overlooking the main road and right across from the NASCAR museum.  As noted by another reviewer  visit: http:  bit.ly IHHB4o" Shares parking garage with Hampton Inn. Not a problem Good choice for downtown hotel when you don't plan to spend much time in your room." Tip: Ask for a room that looks over the NASCAR museum. The lights on the building coupled with the lights on the Duke Energy Tower are a lot of fun." The pleasant bonus was the complimentary shuttles that ferry you around the area. Yeah! That was cool. But the front desk and the shuttle drivers were all very pleasant individuals willing to do whatever I needed. That kind of service made it a wonderful experience."  we treated ourselves to a lovely corner suite and could not have been happier; our vista view of the gorgeous Uptown Charlotte skyline was truely a treat.  For the dollar value The hotel is in a great location with easy access.  The rooms are a little dated "Pay over 100 per night and still expect me to pay $10 bucks to park? Not again! Decent rooms Torn between 3 and 4 went with 3 would like to do a 3.5." Great staff. Average rooms. Very clean. -I would prob try another hotel next time I'm in Charlotte just to see some comparison."  but I'd shop around before I stayed here again." "My wife and I stayed at this hotel from 5 21-5 28 14 for the NASCAR races.  The hotel was very clean and the staff was very good.  The room was made up clean every day much to our satisfaction.  We ate breakfast here most days and the staff in the restaurant area were very prompt and friendly.  We stayed here because of the location across the street from the Nascar Hall of Fame and it's proximity to the downtown area.  We were also right across from the Speed Street street fair Park yourself and save the $15" "There are two things that are important to me in a hotel: cleanliness and service. This hotel meets both those criteria as my room was spotless upon arrival and they let me check-in at 10:30 am (standard time is 3 pm). It is very centrally located - literal overlooks the NASCAR museum (not that I would ever go there). Valet parking is $15  which is a hop skip jump from the stadium.  The rooms are clean and comfortable.  Staff is very nice and personable.  Parking is reasonable with easy access.  Free coffee cookies in lobby."  and the staff was great! I had never stayed alone in a hotel and got upset while eating in their restaurant and the wait staff took care of my meal! It was so nice! I can't say enough nice things about them! They made my trip better and made me feel so welcome! I'd definitely stay there again!" Hampton Inn is just across the parking ramp... Easy to get between the two buildings."  great and friendly service. The shuttle took me and picked me up after the Hornets game. Thats a big plus! My only downside is that the bed was terribly lumpy on my last visit and the water pressure was a joke. The room service food is good. I'll go back but will ask to switch rooms if the bed is so old. Oh Gorgeous rooms and beautiful views of the city. Extremely friendly staff and reasonably priced rooms.  clean. Friendly and helpful staff. We stayed on a Sat night and found $5 parking right next to hotel if you don't want to pay $15 in hilton' garage."  my first experience in Charlotte is unforgettable not only the breathtaking beauty of The Queen City but also to this place I call 'home away from home'." "Stayed two nights for the NFL football game. Not a bad stay. Well located hotel. Clean. Shuttle available within a few miles from hotel. Very convenient. Breakfast buffet not bad at all. Omelettes Very impressed with how accommodating they were. Meghan at the front desk & the manager Jim really helped us out! Our reservation got screwed up & completely took care of it. Nice to have people help you out during the hectic holiday season. This hotel has a great location and is very clean. On the other side though our room felt very dated. The furniture and the bed were old and not modern at all. I would only stay there again if it was significantly cheaper than other nicer hotels downtown. The staff was very friendly. "This was a great hotel. The check in clerk was really nice. The room was spacious and clean - had nice furniture and an adjustable bed. There was free wifi that actually worked and was fast. The hotel is walking distance to lots of bars "It was clean and it kept the cold off my oss.. So I can't complain.. Staff was friendly I will definitely be back!!  You can see the attention to detail and pride they take in ensuring they think of every possible guest need.  I usually stay at Marriotts but will now start looking at Hiltons when I travel."  rose petals and towels... Not sure what's so costly?!?! They do give you a ""spa basket"" but it wasn't impressive either... More for a woman than both partners... And a bottle of wine... Not worth the extra $$ spent" Greyhound is a nightmare!  This is the first time I've ever had to deal with them.  I have always traveled via airline or amtrak so perhaps I was naive going into it.  They charged $21 because I was buying the ticket for someone else.  They also claimed to have all of these wonderful discounts and deals but when it came down to it they were very specific.  If I had the opiton to use another mode of transportation I would have.  Avoid the Dirty Dog if you can!  always pick the black muslim guy with the kufi reading the Koran. They generally are the most courteous and least likely to try to feel you up if you fall asleep However I gave you 2 stars because the new buses are pretty swish. I do love the plug in charger options for phones and the free wifi. If only the free wifi worked more than it didn't." Hope this helped. Good luck in your traveling."  plenty of vending machines and only about six gates. There is a restaurant here but I guess since it's 11pm right now But it was affordable but the schedule was somewhat inconvenient. He made it here and back safely so i guess that is what ultimately matters."  it's okay.  Maybe a little more clearness on where passengers are to exit and where people should come to pick you up is in order but otherwise "I arrived this morning and went straight to the check in desk to inform them that I am disabled and need priority boarding.  I was told to speak to the manager.  She was rude and very cold hearted.  She told me that there was nothing that could be done to help me Don't go greyhound especially Charlotte North Carolina and Atlanta location's they're terrible!!!! The staff at both locations where the hell did they find them. In Atlanta the facility was dirty as hell as well as Charlotte North Carolina. Then upon arrival they knew that they didn't have a driver but the fuckers refused to say anything. I should have been at my destination by 3:05am but I'm still sitting in Charlotte. They gave us a sorry meal voucher for 7.50 and they two bad attitude having women in the caf Tanya and the one with the terrible blond wig had attitudes and wanted to serve us old food. That's not how you treat people. If you can help it find another option because greyhound is such a let down. Waited on Rob to come in the office that didn't happen and he's the manager so maybe that's why. I'm telling you run run run. "Greyhound is ripping it's customers off with their ""gift ticket fee"". Why should anyone have to pay extra when paying for a relatives ticket"  all rude and incompetent. You're job is not at the least bit difficult. I waited 20 mins to get rung up for a water bottle. All workers I interacted with were disrespectful and looked annoyed" It's unfortunate that this is one of the venues that is available for affordable transit in Charlotte. I hope they get a facelift soon."  remarkably nice and free continental breakfast  but you shouldn't market it as a freebie if it can't be sold otherwise. Definitely no high speed at this hotel." I really would not recommend staying here unless there was nothing else available.   There are many far nicer hotels for the same price within a few block radius I would stay again if working in the area."  and they had a great complementary breakfast in the morning. Great location and a good price! I recommend you stay here if you're seeking a reasonably priced Park on levels 4 or 5 for direct access to the hotel via a small corridor connecting the buildings. It's much easier than the other levels "Stayed here for a wedding with many other guests. The hotel is undergoing a renovation. From what I can tell we had a renovated room which was very nice and colorful with barn doors and a flat screen LG TV. The staff was friendly at check in. The valet is $20 and self is $15 expected in this area. Breakfast is free which is a plus but "I stayed here for 4 nights while attending a conference at the convention center which is half a block away.  The hotel is within easy walking distance of many restaurants and shops.  They offer a free shuttle to anywhere in the city within 3 miles which was wonderful. They will drop you and then return and pick you up when you call.  I used it several times and they were prompt and convenient. This alone was a wonderful service.  Everyone at the front desk was warm  I think this is an exceptional Hampton hotel room at a very fair price. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!"  as there isn't much seating and the area to get your food is a little alcove which tends to jam up pretty fast with guests trying to eat from various stations." Cora at the front desk was awesome! The only negative was the parking is not easy to navigate. The battery in the smoke alarm was beeping when we checked in and the fixed it immediately. The whirlpool tub was perfect. The only thing is the hot tub in the pool area should be adults only after like 8...there were too many kids to enjoy it on our getaway day cation.  decent breakfast.  Love the free shuttle!" "I was impressed by the Hampton Inn. I was a bit concerned when I walked in-- the lobby really needs a remodel update. But once I went up to my room- I was pleasantly surprised.  The king room had a very spacious bathroom- and a comfortable chair to relax in. (In addition to a comfortable bed and large tv found in other Hampton Inns).  The staff was friendly  folio was emailed and we didn't need to check out at the desk to get an expense report. The parking was a giant pain in the ass here though-we ended up circling the garage for a while to find what seemed like the last spot in the place. Seemed like all the spots were taken by employees rather than guests. I would take this into account if trying to park here. All in all  dated and run down. The room was not very nice. Musty smelling. Bathroom was not up to par to the price of the room. I would recommend the Westin  but they have a long way to go to be a decent hotel.  There are swatches out all over the place connoting a redecoration Ask for Jeremy at the front desk. He's great and super helpful and friendly."  and the convenience of the parking deck is really nice for this area. The pool is great  $20 otherwise with different rates if staying partial days."  I fell asleep with that running all night and was definitely feeling sick the next morning. blech.   Also  I banked my three company-paid nights towards a free night at a different Omni for my personal enjoyment :)" I stayed here while having my wedding in Charlotte recently.  The staff here did such a great job.  We asked for a suite and they set us up with one.  Unfortunately - it was facing the new nightclub mall area in downtown charlotte - so till about 3AM we were serenaded with the lovely sounds of techno dance music.  We asked to be moved and the staff totally hooked us up - Thanks Courtney.  We got another suite which was bigger for the same rate.  The staff totally moved all our stuff.  The staff are attentive and friendly.  The location is great - right in the heart of uptown Charlotte and an easy ride to the airport. QThlnQ7AvzZwXHKD5DjdCw  not worth it. If I were back in Charlotte and needed to be close to the Federal Courthouse would I stay here? Probably not. Westin would be a better choice for a little more money."  I'd probably come back here mostly for the location near the office when I'm in Charlotte.   I certainly wouldn't recommend it if you're coming to Charlotte and plan to spend any considerable time in your hotel though.    There's gotta be much better than this.    I'm checking out the pool later today.   If it significantly changes my view positively or negatively Will not stay there again until they have a major remodel of the entire inside of the hotel." I'm staying here for a workshop. I regret not booking at the Hilton  these fools need to invest in some sound proofing.  Bands are often playing in front of Bank of America next door "An older ""luxury"" hotel in downtown charlotte. Be sure to join their select guest program before visiting as you get free WiFi and beverages as well as free nights. Nice rooms and beds though a bit overpriced given the visible age of the hotel. It certainly is very convenient location wise in the center of downtown and practically next door to the transit station. Room service and other amenities are so absurdly overpriced that they're practically daring you to order." I would've been a tad disappointed had we paid full price ($130) for this room."  though the beds were comfortable.  2. There were no outlets anywhere near the desk to plug a phone laptop in to. 3.  Furniture was very dated.  4.  Rooms were not quiet to say the least.  I could hear alarms and laughter from two different sides 4 stars for a decent attempt at being a service oriented hotel Other than my frustration with the fitness aspect Long story short - Hardly the ""luxury"" hotel experience I am used to One other helpful hint:  look on Expedia or other travel sites for rates before going to the hotel to book.  Very often you can find the room at a greatly discounted price online and the hotel can't match it.  My room for this stay was $95 online and the hotel was charging $219 to book through them.  So do a little shopping first."  that seems to be the root of most of the problems we had. If we were to stay in Uptown again we would stay elsewhere."  location and service was great.  The decor is not modern and but the great service earned the fourth star!" - Sign up for their loyalty program for free Wi-Fi" The first 'official' weekend with my boyfriend. I fly into CLT and he has a suite booked.. Top floor.. Corner room ... as a surprise to me... :-) Huge room... 2 beds??? Poster beds.. BUT my boyfriend was a bit shocked.. A W T H moment... tells me how perfect this weekend was to be... Dinner at Capitale... partying with friends within my boos industry at EpiCenter... I loved the room.. BUT he wasn't happy. He had booked a king.. got 2 beds... right place ... wrong beds.. Good points... Room was large.. bathroom was seperate of the dressing room... Bad points.. Starbucks closed on weekends???! ... A C in our room ended up not working so well: we had it set at 60* and we were still hot... OR maybe that was just us:-) By check out time.. we both were sneezing.. BUT location is awesome..AND if you want the 2 bed scene of a romantic weekend... well. Here you go! I still like the Omni.. it's my boo and my place... of 'officiality' :-)  and mustier than your grandma's basement. Beds feel like springy cement and AC rattles like a cage all through the night. I expected more from a name like Omni and pay per day Wifi! Are you serious it's??!! It's 2012!! Next time I will run not walk to the aloft down the street I only wish I knew there was one here sooner Omni Charlotte you get 1 star and 5 ""BOOOOOOOOOs""" "For the price this is a 2 star.  For location this place is a 4 star.  The rooms are small and they even gave me a corner room that said was bigger.  I would hate to see what a normal room looks like.  The corner room has 2 full size beds and is like a triangle.  You do have space but very little and the bathrooms well the toilet and the shower are like touching each other.  You can barely close the bathroom door if you want to do business in private!  The corner rooms also that face 4th street just expect a night of loud music as that side faces several rooftop bars and they play music loud late into the night.  Only saving grace is putting in the AC fan but that is loud as well.  Either music or white noise.  The signature lounge...again...small.  Overall the lobby is nice If the rooms were a bit less dated and the service at the bar was a bit better friendlier  there's another knock on the door and room service produced a plate of chocolate covered pretzels free of charge. How's that for service? I don't normally stay at Omnis but this one went above and beyond bringing this weary traveler chocolate after a quick comment about how much I love chocolate. Will definitely stay here again if I return to Charlotte."  stayed here for UNCC move-in and wan't a better option than those hotels by the campus. Looking forward to my next visit." Great location but not the best value.  Tiny bathrooms - could barely close the door with the rug.  Noisy guests had a party - we could hear the door slam as our beds were positioned on the wall of the hall.  Poor design.  Security finally broke the party up at 1:30 am.  Lots of other hotel choices in the area.  but two doctors so far and my own common sense suggest I got them from bedding at the Omni. The hotel does not seem very interested in dealing with the situation either; I have talked to them many times this week and they have not told me about any corrective measures. BEWARE." QThlnQ7AvzZwXHKD5DjdCw "Just attended a conference for four nights. Got great service from every single encounter - front desk Overall this place is a great stay for anyone who desires to be in the uptown area. You literally cant be beat the location and it's an overall good hotel."  I simply cannot explain how they can charge $300+ on a busy week. That's more than the Ritz in most towns. Meh. Needs total re-do to be worthy. Charlotte is really weak on nice business hotels... The RItz... and then what? Amazingly average hotels here Who does that?! These guys...thank you."  pretty hard beds but clean. Great water pressure and fantastic location.  Be sure to join their club for free in room wifi." Note:  You can't beat this location if you want to be in the center of Downtown!"  it actually had king size pillows for a king size bed!!  There is a Walgreens downstairs for items you forgot to pack." QThlnQ7AvzZwXHKD5DjdCw Definitely an awesome experience. Even our dogs will agree."  just didn't happen for us. Best of luck to those that go for it ;)" Front desk staff was really helpful. Valet guys are great.  15 dollars. Rooms are a little outdated. Wifi was free and people were very friendly." Extra note in case Omni reads this.  You should sue the pants off the entertainment district for the late night noise."  it's a nice place to stay with some minor issues - the location as a whole could use an update  if you are just crashing after a night of partying in downtown the noise may not be a huge issue.   What is a little scarier to me is the fact that I noticed a couple of bug-bites on my legs this afternoon.  I didn't notice anything during the night last night I am going to post the pics" An Omni hotel.  You know what you're getting. Valet parking was great; I never had to wait for my car beyond when I requested it for. All of the valet staff seemed to have high morale; I know this is a strange comment but I found it so refreshing I had to mention it here." I'll never stay in an Omni again." "It's true that the bathrooms are teeny. It's true that the hotel feels a little dated. But I've stayed here twice and had pleasant experiences both times. The room was clean. The bed was comfortable. The staff was friendly. I would probably put it at 3.5 stars if possible. Given the brand Word to the wise: steer clear of this dump. Spend your money at a hotel that actually has good customer service and cares about the quality of their hotel."  the Omni will put you right in the middle of everything. Wonderful staff and a very pleasant experience. Room service was great I had much higher expectations for an Omni. I've stayed in Holiday Inns that were nicer." Will not be my choice for future stays in Charlotte."  but I would not want my guest to stay in the room I did if they are all pretty much similar. I also felt that the 3 stars is mainly due to the rooftop pool they had which was amazing on my long weekend. That alone could have made the hotel better. I think that if this location spent some more time and money they could live up to the standard that all the other locations do. Charlotte is a nice city and all the other hotels are more up to date. Omni would gain more business if they just did some minor changes"  they should have put the other guests on the upper floor to avoid all the commotion. The garbage cans on site were overflowing with garbage for two days. No one took the responsibility of emptying them. We paid good money for a nice Also know that it's location is great for eating and hanging out. The epicenter along with many other places are close by. One thing you must remember when staying here The room was clean but very small. Looks like the rooms could use some updating. The staff was very courteous and accommodating. The workout area was extremely small and only has 4 cardio machines.  but it had a lot of great amenities (including a drugstore and various food court type places to eat) that made our particular stay a little more pleasant.  And kudos to Michelle M. and Hope F. for being so extremely accommodating and pleasant to work with (even when I knew our requests were tough to deal with.  What a great team!"  no microwave etc. there were many things that they left in the room like bottles of water & candy & it was all extra. You would think at 150 per night you would get a few amenities. Internet is extra." Great window view and we received grade A customer service from the front desk to housekeeping. Had an issue with our air conditioning but maintenance was up within minutes to fix. I gave 3 stars because the room smelled of cigarette smoke and they are located around the dance clubs which you can hear from the room.  pool was nice and the location is great-across from a ton of restaurants. The beds were comfortable. Unfortunately the rest of the room wasn't much to call home about."  I saw a charge to my card for $435.00.  Called the hotel and was told that the charge was for the cancellation back in May.  I explained what happened and was told that there was nothing they could do.  ""who did you talk to"" "Stayed here on a business trip. It's okay. I don't feel like the service or amenities set it apart from any other reputable hotel. The best part is the location. Close to great restaurants and bars. Also "Ok hotel. Nothing special. Is located right across from the Epicenter so if you want quiet on the weekends I travel for work quite a bit and get to stay in some really nice places That being said - with a good enough deal from priceline or another such service  Andrew had tracked  us down in the bar to  inquire as to the time of our dinner reservation so that he could confirm it.  Little did I know that Andrew had  a surprise up his sleeve!  When we returned to our hotel room from dinner  had all the amenities I expect and service has been good. Love that the hotel is connected to the main buildings I've needed to visit on this trip." We had our company holiday party here and it was an AMAZING time!  Great atmosphere and all of the catering staff were courteous and helpful. Complete disappointment! Rooms at the Comfort Suites are better than this dump. Its listed as a 4 star... This is an ugraded Motel 6. Completely disappointed. This ruined my anniversary!  it was affordable and they put us in the Presidential Suite. They provided Champagne and Chocolate covered strawberries out for us. They even assigned us a ""Room Controller"" whom emailed me prior to see if there was anything else we needed for our stay. Allison was great!! The Suite was huge with a great view. If I am staying uptown again  I truly appreciate their great customer service but I would never stay here again unless it was for free."  this is a great location if you want to be in the heart of things.  We love to park the car (valet...they were great) and walk everywhere Stayed there for two days. Rooms are fair at best.  The makeup mirror was hanging off the wall ready to fall. Moldy shower areas and around the sink made me think details aren't important to this place. Smallest bathroom ever for a hotel I've stayed in. And if you happen to have to park a vehicle...Valet is cheaper!! My husband came in at 11:00pm from a business trip and the lot for self parking charged him a whole days parking (1hour difference) when we left at 9:00am the next morning!  it is a good in and out hotel for business travelers.  It may lack some of the added features if you are a personal or family traveler."  I had to run the water for 5 minutes for the rust to clear from the pipes. While waiting I noticed the large chunk of concrete missing from the ceiling where they've chipped a hole to add conduit for Wi-Fi. Clearly this place is resting on its laurels. The only saving grace is I booked last minute on Priceline for half their quoted rate. It was probably worth the $109 I paid  the room had a wet bar if necessary (it wasnt). One minor issue was that plug bank at the desk was not plugged in and working "This place looks like it could be the setting for a 1984 rom com starring Val Kilmer and Elizabeth Shue. It seriously looks like it hasn't been updated in 30 years and the rooms smell musty enough to be from the Carter administration. The parking situation is weird so make sure you valet. Overall the staff was pretty nice I expected a lot better because it is ab OMNI."  you hear the music loud and clear till 2 am while you're trying to sleep! So difficult to get a decent nights rest when you can hear club music!" I would have preferred to give a half star increase as I am aware of my relatives' experiences as well. However  and we had a pleasant stay in Charlotte." "The hotel was comfortable and clean. Great price and an awesome location. The only reason I was highly irritated was because the valet was awful! I mean awful. It took more than an hour to get our car out in the morning. People were almost missing airline flights. They won't let you go get your own car because of a ""liability"" issue. Which is a lie because some people weren't even in the same parking garage as the hotel and it's the same area shared by the business center attached which is public. And there is a MANDATORY CHARGE OF $24 day. It was hot and there were babies crying and everyone was getting crabby. Terrible system and that's every morning!!!" Do not stay here unless you like being kept up past midnight with loud music outside. Next time I think I'll just pay a little extra and pick my hotel out on my own."  but still very clean. Customer service was great and the food from room service was good too! Everyone was super nice and accommodating- 5 5 for the staff!"  the actual hotel room was very disappointing. The room had a very strong musty smell and was not the cleanest. The bed and pillows were both very firm and uncomfortable. The bathroom door didn't close over the rug that was on the floor. Not the biggest deal This hotel goes above and beyond to please the client. Unmatched."  there are many better options downtown."  but I've only seen the quality decrease. I'm going to explore other options in Uptown for my upcoming trips." I agree with previous reviewers... going downhill fast.  :(  Its too bad.. I love Omni hotels in gernal." "Must say it's dated for an Omni.  The other Omni's I've stayed in just seemed more high end.   I'd rather have a functioning mini-fridge than an over-priced mini bar  not my personal favorite place to stay but decent."  not  valet parking-$24  PER CAR. we showed up separately so $50 just for that not to mention tip. Even water was $2.50 per bottle and they wouldn't bring it to you without charging a 20% gratuity on top of it so your left to step out of your room and make your way to an even numbered floor because those are the only floors that had vending machines (we were on 9th floor) ....oh and you'd better have dollar bills on you because the vending machines don't take any denomination higher than $1. Wifi Staff was courteous but that's not enough to justify the price when the rooms are in desperate need of updating." front desk is nice but thats it."  though I would be sure to check there were no events at the TWC Arena. I'm not sure if it was just our side of the hotel or the whole building "I've stayed at the Omni Amelia Island Plantation Resort in Florida several times and it was a fantastic experience. When I was shopping for hotels in Charlotte my wife and I decided to splurge since we had enjoyed our previous experience with Omni. It turned out to be such a let down. Overall the hotel is fine. The room was clean and the staff was friendly  cracking in paint and tub caulking. During my 4 night stay I was surprised to see room service trays left out almost all day smelling up the halls. I had an urgent package sent overnight and the front desk never notified me of its arrival. It wasn't until the night of check in that they happened to notice it in the back under my name. This hotels location is ideal for central uptown CLT activities but it's in desperate need of renovation and front desk training." You will pay for wifi unless you are an omni ""select guest.""   Rooms are a bit outdated and I have yet to stay at a 4-5 star hotel that did not have outlets arranged at the night stands.  Even the holiday inn has outlets built into the base of their lamps.  It's an inconvenience to lean down and pull the plug in the clock in order to plug in your cell gone or iPad charger.  Just saying.....it would be an easy fix and a great convenience for guests." WORDS OF WISDOM: Unless you are on a bender  but probably won't be staying at the Omni again." "GREATEST CUSTOMER SERVICE ever!! I reserved a room for my son and his wife on their wedding night two weeks ago and told the reservationist that they would be arriving late that night after their wedding. Upon check in  and the carpet in the hallway on the 10th floor was bunching up so much I could have easily tripped on it. Those things were easy enough to ignore for $99 Just have to say my room had a missing light bulb to help hide dinginest. Left in 3 minutes and booked room across the street at La Quinta.  Paid more but will sleep better. Wish I could have given Red Roof a quarter of a star. DON'T STAY HERE. room was not clean had coke bottle and spit cup with cig but ts in it and read of urine.  Crack head central. Canceled reservation and found another place.  a ghetto with new bed dressing and a half assed paint job is still a ghetto. Even the ""newly renovated"" room we asked for  there were trash and cigarettes buds under my bed. I can go on but I won't. This hotel is a disgrace and I spent almost $200 for a room which I barely stayed in. I didn't cancel because I was afraid it was too late once I was checked in. I will NEVER return to Red Roof in." I parked my car here with the recommendation from the charlotte airport site. They claimed that the shuttle was on demand but it really seemed to run only every 30 mins. When i landed today i called at 310 and was told the shuttle would pick me up at 330. 330 came and went and no shuttle. I tried to call back for about 20 mins and no one answered the phone. I was about to just take a cab and the shuttle showed up at 4:00. The shuttle driver claimed he was never told about a 330 pickup.  I wouldn't recommend at all parking your car there for the airport. "DONT BOOK HERE! Room does not look like Hotels.com photos. Room has no shower curtain and had to turn in drivers license to get an iron ""because people be stealin' em"". The first room I was in had a broken dead bolt on the door and dark  my 5 star reviews is for the customer service provided by the staff and in particular the General Manager Kanu Patel (July 2015)  He was extremely helpful in reuniting us with our passports (which I forgot and left behind !!!) Would definitely recommend for their superb customer service !!"  but called to be picked up from the airport almost 40 min ago. When I called back after 20 min they told me the shuttles only come on the half hour (which still was 15 min ago). This is not what I was told when I booked and am quite sure I'm being blatantly ignored. If you don't want to sit around waiting for an excessive amount of time "Do not stay here. Probably the worst hotel ever. Heard rats squeaking in the night. New carts pulling up to the parking lot every 10 mins. Beds spelt of cigs . People drinking in the staircases. Something fishy is def going on here. Seem like this place is made for strippers  police activity in parking g lot. Crack whore stopped me as i got out of my truck to check in and asked for a dollar to go across street and get a pop." When I entered the room it smelled weird and the heater was maxed. Then to top it off the remote doesn't even work for the TV. And last but not least No way to rate a 0! Check in was at 3. We showed up and both of our rooms weren't even ready!  The room smelled awful. Chipping paint all over the bathroom floors. Only 2 towels for 4 people! Even when we asked for more towels they said only 2 per room. 1 battery in the TV remote and the phone didn't work. No plastic liners in the trash bag and don't even get me started on the floor! Killed a cockroach..ewww..the parking is awful with boards and ant mounds! Breakfast is from 6 till 9 but it's packed and they don't even clean up the lobby until after 3. Sign in the front says refunds will not be offended after the first 15 mins of checking in. My only issue is that the ice machine was not working when I was there. But for the price I paid This place was horrible...never stay here u may come home with roaches...everything was dirty and in a bad community not safe for children. I also wore my shoes in the shower because of how unsanitary it was!  the hold was $273 and was not disclosed prior to booking. So I was charged a total of $579 ($306 by hotels.com and $273 by super8). The $273 was not returned into my account until 5 days after check out!!! So that money was tied up unexpectedly for 13 days. May not be a big deal to some but it was to me. Other than that I had no other issues." "This is probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. I was on a long trip from Florida and stopped here for the night. I got in about midnight and went to the first room they assigned me to but the door would not lock. It took them forever to switch me rooms. When they finally did "I have never been to a less taken care of establishment. This hotel is old and poorly managed. The staff is as nice as they can be while representing this ""motel."" They have a sanitation rating of 87%. They do not accept cash and I was charged upon check in after my room was already paid for through Expedia... When I got a refund the next day it was $1 short!? Why am I being charged for your mistakes? Once in the room the bed skirt was BEYOND stained [see the photos] and the pillows look like they were fished out of a dumpster from the Days Inn on the property. The noise in the room from adjoining rooms and the highway made it impossible to sleep. Not nearly impossible "You get what you pay for. My room reeked of mold and mildew. The bathroom was on par with a frat house. I couldn't help but think of the ""clientele"" that frequents this room and hotel in general. How this place hasn't been condemned is beyond me. The lady working the front desk was nice though." "While moving to Charlotte I stayed here a couple of nights to get are perspective of a more residential area.  It is an old house on Morehead in Dilworth that was converted to a bed & breakfast.  The interior is definitely what you would expect of a B&B - I felt like I was at my great grandmother's house.  I was slightly creeped out because I stayed there during the week and was one of two people there.  Kind of like the Shining.  Anyway This place is so relaxing and quiet. The staff is very nice and accommodating. The grounds are very beautiful and I was able to walk to a nearby shopping center without any issue. I am staying in a room that has a balcony and a swing - so relaxing. Very nice B&B. Fits well into the southern hospitality feel of Charlotte.  but it is understandable since it is an old house.  I wouldn't want them to change that anyways.  I wasn't able to explore more in the Inn Gorgeous- immaculate historic estate- very spacious stay in the Mt Vernon room. Wonderful breakfast- great friendly staff!  so we wanted to try a B&B to get away from the expensive chains. The Inn is an adorable home in a residential area of Charlotte. We stayed in the Solarium and I would highly recommend it. The room was decorated like Blanche's home from the Golden Girls and the some of the furniture may have been falling apart Plenty of room for improvement"  and mother in law to celebrate Mother's Day. Had a good experience a few years ago and thought to try it again. What a mistake! Had a 1:30 seating for brunch.   First they bring us to a table with a dirty table cloth apparently left unchanged from the previous diners. Second My husband and I stayed here as a weekend get away to Charlotte. When we showed up to check in there was an event in progress downstairs and in order to get up to our room we had to take a back staircase. The bed was not very comfortable and I thought the bed was going to fall to the floor every time he moved. Breakfast was good but I wouldn't say on par for some of the other B&B's that we stayed at. The power surged the whole time through out the night so the lights got brighter and dimmer. In the morning (a Saturday) they began setting up for another event directly below us around 7:00 and at 8:30 began playing the piano. We wouldn't have been able to sleep in even if we wanted to. We did not have a very restful or quiet stay.  The worst part was the water in the shower never got hot. There is nothing worse than a lukewarm shower. "Very charming bed and breakfast with a nice spread in the morning.  The house is well kept and the house cat is very friendly.  Be prepared for old house creeks if you're a light sleeper.  I've stayed here many times.  The location is in a nice residential area but not close to walking distance to pubs and restaurants. The rooms are comfortable but the TV is not close to the bed to watch and is very tiny at least in the room I was in.  The wifi works well and for the price I may keep staying here.  I travel for business and typically book things well in advance but do not plan on paying for it until closer to the date Small station.  Outdated for the volume of traffic handled.     But a nice gentleman volunteer opens the door for you. The Station here in Charlotte is one of the most charming Amtrak stations I have had the pleasure of traveling through. History is what you find awaiting you as soon as you enter. Step back and absorb the true rustic details of character as you transition on to your destination.  the low hassle and freedom on board totally outweighs any of the seediness that comes with this form of low income travel."  but it certainly is functional. I'm sure I will be seeing it again in the future!" Not my favorite Amtrak location.  It's kinda dingy and in a not so nice location.  I will continue to use this station as it's the only one in Charlotte.... but it's nothing to write home about.  I give 3 stars.  Parking is atrocious and the taxi cabs keep you from picking up your passenger in front of the station.  This is a big problem for our seniors!  The station is always clean but when it is crowded I love riding Amtrak and the Charlotte station does their best to make it a good experience."  he was in business class so they gave drinks and they had some food options for him. He liked being able to get up and walk around and having all that freedom...he said he will definitely recommend it! So since it's dad approved...see ya soon  Amtrak!" "Took Amtrak from Durham to Charlotte to see the Panther Saints game. On the return trip we were stopped by a broken down N&S freight train on the single track around High Point. We didn't move for an hour and a half. Several weeks later I took the train to see the Panthers 49ers play.  The return trip was delayed because earlier in the day the train had run over two people in Durham and Greensboro. We were supposed to leave Charlotte at 5:15. By 6:30 they couldn't tell us any status about when the train would arrive. ""Could be 8. Could be 9. It might never show up."" I had to spend the night in Charlotte and catch the next morning's train. On the return we were 15 mins outside of Durham when the train came to a halt. There was a sensor issue that had to be investigated. Never Accessibility notes: Doors open in. Ramps are plentiful. Well-lit. Braille signage. Ticket counters are high." Terrible train. Take a flight if going from Charlotte to raleigh. Drive. Megabus. Whatever.  Staff are totally rude.  No southern hospitality whatsoever.  #government  Amtrak is managing with what they're forced to work with at the moment." "Nice people doing a good job in a really dilapidated facility. The Charlotte station is badly in need of a major renovation. For those of us using Amtrak frequently  and they definitely made the experience better. I just wish that the visuals and the feeling I got from being there were more positive."  but be prepared to mortgage your house to buy one. Pretty positive experience. I honestly don't know enough about trains to tell you if they are more or less prone to delays than airplanes. Thinking about taking the train next time I travel!"  I would not want to leave my car here.  One great thing about this station though is the view of Uptown Charlotte from the platform  there doesn't seem to be a ton of people which is nice. It's a little rundown as people note. Parking is also a frustration. However it does serve its purpose which is to intuitively bring passengers to their destinations." You'll find all the accommodations for the actual train that you would at any Amtrak location  and reasonably priced for all that you get.  Fortunately at HS you can get dinner Great value!  10 minutes from airport. Rooms are nicely appointed. Breakfast is great! One of the best free ones I've had. Service was excellent...friendly but not too intrusive. I'll be back. I believe they also do a free shuttle to the airport but I had a rental car. The only thing I found annoying was that there were only like 8 hangers. Being there for a week  and the staff is very friendly and helpful. We had a few issues with our room but the front desk receptionist was very quick to relocate us to another room to remedy these issues. The hotel is an older hotel After 3 weeks in small towns  so upgraded us to a suite.  The room was spotless! The beds were so comfortable we all said we've never slept so well in a hotel.  The employee's were all very friendly and helpful and the morning breakfast was very good.  All this at a very reasonable price.  We will definitely be staying here again when we come back to Charlotte." Crappy hair dryer.  Holes burned in comforter.  Ratty toilet seat.  Stayed one night in 2 bedroom unit.  Liked the layout - 2 bedrooms - each with a bathroom.  Living room and kitchen between." "You never know what you expect when traveling for a living.  I have never book a room at a Homewood Suites hotel before this visit.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I've stayed in suite hotels before but this was different.  The rooms were huge "I got stranded in Charlotte after missing my connecting flight to DC.  I had had long day of traveling and dealing with cranky airline people.  At 1 am I took a cab to the Homewood Suites and I have to say shuttle service is spot on" The kitchen is a great amenity. It includes a fridge I will stay here again!"  this is one of 2 quality hotels we regularly stay at in the South Charlotte area."  iron and board is good. Easy to use heating ac system. Helpful staff on front desk. I sure will check out this chain on next hotel needs. Actually was placed here via Wilson Air Center where our Merlin N307PA is parked overnite. Thanks folks. Well done."  and doesn't want to make waves.  He slept on the sofa both nights.  For me You can't beat the price for the comfy beds and space you get (plus fridge and place to cook) so we would stay again." Grey water out of the sink... Dirty silverware at the restaurant and a crabby front desk. For being a Hilton I wasn't too impressed!  they had our reservation printed out and our room keys ready - took about 1 minute to check in.  We were late and the complimentary light meal in the evening was just ending.  The people working that made sure we got everything we wanted before they started to close down.  They even came and checked with us at our table to see if we wanted another glass of wine.  We needed directions to two different places and they are articulate and exact.  Rooms were clean and comfortable.  On the morning we checked out housekeeping knocked on our door and asked if we needed anything before we checked out.  Breakfast in the morning was a full breakfast.  Could not have been a better experience.  This is close to the airport - but we didn't hear any planes."  15 minutes from the airport. The staff was friendly and attentive. The price was $123 per night. We will be back!" Edit_  Ok people I mean if your flight is delayed and you are stuck in a airport f course you will be pissed.  But I mean that happens about half the time you fly anywhere.  If you are seriously saying this ariport deserves one or two stars you obviously haven't had the lovely opportunity of visiting the Raleigh  checked in or used the baggage claim  I'm renting a car and hanging in Charlotte."  I don't mind a down home southern feel to things and I feel as if this airport provides that. Giant rocking chairs line the main food court between terminals and an abundance of food choices makes picking a restaurant hassle free. My only complaint is that it is a US Airways hub and every US flight that I've been on in the past month has either been canceled or delayed without reason. I may be moving to Charlotte next year  I swear the employees were on some kind of slow motion drugs.  We were about to miss our flight- in fact someone had to call the gate to ask them to wait for us.  When we saw the mile long line for security I've only been here for connections to other flights but I adore this airport.  It's one of the most organized airports I have ever been to.  There's a bunch of places to eat and shop while you're waiting for your connection.  I've also heard that recently they added free wi-fi and you can't beat that if you have your laptop with you and you're stuck in an airport for a few hours.  if you have to be stuck at an airport 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg Couldnt tell you a thing about this airport except that right next to our gate for our connecting flight there was a gelato place that had some pretty great flavours.  I made the mistake of getting the coffee flavour which meant that I couldnt get to sleep until about 2am the next morning.  Oh but it was worth it. """Rocking chairs and free wireless.""  Borrowing from David S. B. [hey it is a great opening.]  Those two things do set this airport apart from others.  The rocking chairs make me think of my grandparent's house at the lake.  They also create an appearance of things are slower here White rockers and wi-fi are nice One star for free WiFi." I'd come back through Charlotte again just to sit in the rocking chairs for a minute."  clean and good choices on places to eat. the free high speed internet is very fast. like the other reviewer said you have to try Phillips seafood in terminal C..excellent service and food there is off the hook. only here for a quick layover so I will write a review about Phillips later."  REALLY love their Nascar here. If you're into that (then you probably aren't reading this) you got your Nascar shop and your Nascar restaurant and bar! Woo doggy!"  I gave an extra star for free wifi."  with plenty of (boring) food options.  I would have loved a big Southern breakfast  with a wide selection of dining and shopping options. We killed an hour at the wine bar "I officially curse this airport.  The only thing that keeps me going in the south is Bojangles Chicken n' Biscuits.  My wife's favorite is Carolina style BBQ.  So upon deplanning we check a map to see what fine eating establishments are offered at this airport.  Sadly  we see no Bojangles or BBQ so we settle on nachos  if only my flight leaves soon The rocking chairs make this airport extremely unique!" Some other airports need to come study this airport's success and learn a thing or 20."  for making a layover bearable. You just need more airlines. But you're definitely a world-class airport." I just wanted some sleep  and they're not terribly clean.  This contrast with the rest of the airport was pretty noticeable and disappointing." All in all not a bad airport..it's decently sized and pretty easy to navigate!" I've had nothing but positive experiences in dealing with the people at Douglas." So Charlotte Douglas won't impress you with shops  it was standing open! Nobody was there! It was a Thanksgiving miracle! I drove on out and went home with three dollars still in my wallet!"  because it is a stressful job.  Dealing with delays and angry people can take a toll on a person.  No one has given me that feeling here.  They could have a better selection of restaurants 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  I rate the airport high because it is much nicer than a lot of airports I've been to Get a flight routed through Charlotte - you'll enjoy it!"  clean and wonderful if there is such a thing!!  I highly recommend that if you have to have a layover  it's an ok transfer point. Pack a lunch and sit a spell in the rocking chairs until your next flight." The rocking chairs are a nice touch as well if you want to grab some Southern culture during a layover." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg This is a very clean airport and loaded with places to eat and drink.  Plus the wireless internet was great as well No problem.  Enjoy the oversized rocking chairs while partaking in a southern style breakfast of bacon I know this airport every well as I fly out from here everywhere and it has been seven years now."  like the new Detroit airport (they sell I-Pods from vending machines!)  I was not the only person who seemed a little less stressed  in this tree lined terminal. Everyone seemed to soak in the great amenities and take advantage of the opportunity of able leg room and overhead space! This airport also offers some great food selections and shops so you can stock up on supplies for the next leg of your trip. If I need another layover The only downfall I've found over the last year is it seems that flight delays are becoming more common.  Or perhaps I've just gotten unlucky.  Oh well - The ATM fees are steep if it's not your bank!" The restaurant lineup is constantly changing for better or worse.  The barbecue in the main atrium is an abomination.  My recommendation is the Bojangles which is on Concourse B.  They are even worse at math than most other Bojangles locations  which is a little weird at first) like every twenty feet.  Very nice place if you have to have a longish layover  then 2 more and that was it for what seemed like forever. Maybe 20 minutes. Then nothing came out for another few minutes. This was maybe the worst part "Had a very pleasant layover here.  En route from CDG to SFO it was so nice to be able to sit in a rocking chair and watch the people go by!  The employees at security and check-in were friendly and genuine.   They also have the standards that most airports are supposed to have (Starbucks...hear that  the employees were all very friendly and kind in a way that seemed genuine. The concourses were clean The airport does not have much character.  I also had a long delay on the runway (though I'm not sure if that was just an unusual circumstance).  I connected here from L.A. to Fort Lauderdale."  littered with comfortable rocking chairs should you ever want to sit a spell.  Shopping's decent if you're into that sort of thing.  It could do with more electrical outlets for the business travelers "Rocking chairs in the airport?? !  An entire row of them!   What an interesting and distinguishing feature.   Also  LaGuardia and Newark. I can get to wherever I need to in the country from Charlotte and it has never been a hassle." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg And don't miss the NASCAR shop!"  which was easy to connect to and seems to offer some solid bandwidth." What more could you want from an airport (that you could realistically end up getting)?"  and an overall modern clean-looking appearance makes my layover more bearable." I really do wish all airports were as lovely...i mean why wouldn't you create a nice structure if you know everyone from all over the world are going to be frequenting it?!?  Common sense to me if you ask."  but why does the restroom have a valet in it taking tips?  This isn't a European nightclub."  a relatively comfortable area (for an airport) with plenty of food options." "I had a layover in Charlotte and was really impressed with this airport! Even though its on the larger side The over flow parking can get crazy Amazing restaurant selections and everywhere 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg Convenient and organized airport! Yay CLT!" Chairs and couches are not very comfortable. But I'll give it 3 stars because the staff around the room are very nice  this is a great airport with a terrific staff and environment! I wish it were not three hours away."  and I can only say this because I have had connecting flights through Charlotte Douglas on my way to Brasil. What makes this airport better than others is that they offer free wifi  this airport is NOT made for those with tight connections.  Its spider layout makes it problematic if you get in at a high B gate and have an E gate departure.  RUN don't walk if you have less than 20 minutes to board your next flight.  You may even want to wear a pair of Depends so you can just soil yourself to save time.  I also think it's awkward having bathroom attendants." "There is a Bojangles here now!  The internet is free!  2 more stars for you Charlotte-Douglas. Your layout is still HORRENDOUS The rocking chairs in the atrium were a nice touch. Since we had 9 hours to kill  I can honestly say that I kinda like this airport. Yay for the QC!"  go there if there are lines.  This is a very inconsistent airport in terms of business.  Sometimes the lines are backed up like no other.  And other times you can get through security in 3 minutes.  Inside they have a lot of moving walkways and nice restaurants to eat in whether it's the food court or various restaurants throughout the restaurant.  The biggest problem though after the weird security layout is the distance between some of the gates.  If you have to go from A to E give yourself a good 10-15 minutes.  It's far." CLT is a great airport (not just because I live here) but it really has everything an airport should have: Free Wifi and a local brewery inside. Cheers! I read there are attendants in the ladies' room - all I got was a janitor making sure I flushed my pee. Um Thanks CLT for being an awesome airport to transit through. Now if only USAIr could improve their service." The US Air passenger service agents are complete jerks.  I can say that as I used to work for US AIr and actually tried to help people." Flights are cheap through here too and worth the trip if you're a couple hours away. I'll definitely be coming back."  you connect here instead of ATL.  Charlotte doesn't get as many random storms One of the negatives though is long-term parking.  I had morning flight and was early by my two hours and I started circling the only supposedly available lot (that was open).   After circling ten minutes and noted all of the vehicles that were parked not only on sides One of the better airports to transfer in from Boston to Daytona Beach. I've generally found that everyone here is friendly. The rocking chairs are a nice place to sit down and rest during a layover. Good selection of food and shopping to keep someone busy for a while. Oh FREE wifi too.  :)"  connecting flights can be a challenge."  Southern people.  The free wifi made me happy  when a flight was canceled back home.  They shuttled me to a nearby hotel -- I forget where -- and covered both my transportation and lodging for the night.  Good work  a lot of your fellow travellers are just passing through CLT and you often overhear phone conversations of people complaining about being stuck in the middle of nowhere."  which is freaking insane! We had an 80 minute lay over and I think we only got to the plane with 20 minutes to spare - they were already boarding. ugh!" It is OK. Its size makes it manageable. I didn't care for their customs immigration recheck process the last time I flew This is the only airport I know that has Rocking Chairs in their lobby!" mid-tier airport...welcome for layover. My major complaint is the bathroom attendants. Is this a club? Can't you just have a hand dryer and leave me alone? I'm not going to tip you a buck bc you handed me a paper towel. Yes The white rocking chairs were different and pleasantly surprising. It's also quite funny to see the people who sit in them--like a gangster-type guy on his laptop free wifi if I remember correctly..."  I can't help but enjoy the simplicity of CLT. Security line? What security line I say. Those of you who travel a lot know what I mean. Frequently you can walk right up the the security person and show the pass and ID. Sometimes there's a line  big bathrooms and a very nice sports bar in the E concourse make this one a winner. A couple of negatives: A carpeted concourse makes rolling your bag an effort  one of the best airports I've been through." No rail system around the airport though" Cons: Sometimes a super long and SLOW  line for security.  I also sometimes resent the fact that the food place closest to the big US Airways terminal (in B I think) is a Bojangles.  Now I enjoy Bojangles as much as the average person  but we did have the opportunity to try Bojangles chicken (late night....flight delayed) - it tasted good at the time!  Like the rocking chairs too--seems other people really enjoy them as there was rarely one open." I love the cool white rocking chairs but they are very popular. Grab one if you can! Also "I like how all the restrooms have attendants Pretty efficient as far as airports go. Usually an hour preflight is good depending on where you're going. I generally fly us airways and have never encountered a problem with anything. Smooth lines for security and I recommend going through the d e checkpoint as it almost always seems to be less congested and quicker than it's counterparts!  Happy flying :) Extra special magnum bonus points?  The rocking chairs.  God I love rocking chairs in an airport.  Especially when they're next to so so many outlets.  They just make people look relaxed  it has a relaxing vibe which is much appreciated :-)" 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg They do have the new body scanners installed (within the last year I think) but now all the controversy has sprung up about the technology.  I kinda get creeped out thinking about what kind of imagine I am putting up on the screen and who is looking at it-but I did it this last trip.  Hopefully it doesn't have adverse health effect because that would be bad - I'd start opting for the ""pat down"" instead."  cheap too. Decent places to eat variety and security checkpoint is breeze comapred to most. Lastly this place has THE BEST USO EVER!!  I have been to many USO's and this place just is so GREAT!! The volunteers make this place feel like home its awesome!!  I had a horrible flight into Charlotte  and I havent had sleep in over 26 hours. I was about dead and crawling into the USO.  The Genleman graciously took me to this Dark Library room they have with a nice big couch and lazyboys CDI gets two thumbs up from this guy. Just move the continental gate closer please!!!!" "can't say much about this one. Flown in here twice for connections and didn't have time to really explore. I sorta found this place to be like atlanta  lounge and board planes. The place has ALMOST everything I need! The only thing I hate about the airport (and most airports) is that the wifi isn't free. So pick up a magazine prior to arriving because you'll need it to keep occupied. Unless you're a people watcher The lines are usually long in the security area because they only have like 3 security lines in the first place (which by the way is dumb) and it seems like no matter when you go this airport is always super busy; which i don't understand being that its small. They do have good food here but its no cheaper than any other airport Bummed that I missed the rocking chairs again - I'll have to be more observant next visit!" Comfortable airport even with security measures changing every 13 seconds.  There seems to be lots of different places to eat while your waiting for your next flight which is always a good thing.  Free WiFi is a plus.  But still when it comes down to it...it's just an airport.  Overpriced and everyone's IQ (mine included) seems to drop by about 20 points.  Ohhh!!!  $30 headphones that are sure to break and a $7 bag of chips! I have been in to 15 different Airports in the US in the last 12 months." The airport is beautiful on the inside.  Things were clean and tidy.  We had a delay leaving Free wifi always makes my day too. :)"  last gate. The Airport offers free Wifi."  while another one at the other end of the terminal has it for 7.99... So do your shopping carefully."  and airport spa. Plenty of outlets for charging and connected terminals behind security checkpoints. I'd choose Charlotte over ATL or GSO any day if I had a choice  particularly in North Carolina. I find it always to be easy to fly out of Charlotte. I have always been in and out with plenty of parking at a fair rate ( even though it keeps going up in the last five years). They have plenty of shops and restaurants and the bathrooms are always clean. They are the only airport I know of that has bathroom attendants in the men's restrooms."  and then cuddle up in one of the rocking chairs and just enjoy yourself before you get on your plane." pFEfjQcGMXD7RVY_bA9uuA Huge! Lots of places to eat while you wait for your next flight. Very clean only downfall is don't get in front of one of the carts inside the airport because they will hit you.  plus a really beautiful atrium with dozens of rocking chairs where you can take a load off and people watch for a while. The business center is great in a pinch  I would have given this airport 2stars." I love the Shuttle Personnel who never want you to wait for a shuttle. Both long term and short term parking shuttles wait at the same spot. If the CLT Parking Attendant sees you waiting 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  but if you are willing to travel during the hours that humans are supposed to be functioning during I do want to make note that if you park in daily.  You need to ride the shuttle to and from the terminal.  The shuttle line was huge so I thought I could just walk to daily.  I wound up in hourly thinking someone stole my car.  The signs in the deck just say east or west not daily vs hourly.  Don't worry after an hour and 2 calls to the airport police the nice folks helped me load my bags on the shuttle I should have taken an hour ago.  Lesson learned on patience." "NIce little southern hospitality airport. I like the rockers they have so you can se the goings on outside. The only drawback is that southerners for the most part should watch the southern food there are way too many golf carts going up and down the halls transporting people who don't necessarily need it  provide free toiletries (useful for long international flights). If you ask the counter for a wake up call  but clean and easy to navigate. I'd be happy to have a layover here again." Rocking Chairs are a huge plus :-D" Sucks I have to fly clear across the country just to experience this place."  but overall the folks I have meet here were are friendly and very hospitable. A nice contrast to the abrupt hostility sometimes found in employees of other airports. I'm always happy to see that my flight has a stop over in Charlotte- Douglas because I know I can have fun and will have no trouble killing a few hours here while waiting for another flight. Maybe someday I'll actually get out of the airport and see the city." "U.S. Airways has a major hub here and its very clean and modern I will go back many times (but do I really have a choice?)" This place has the best USO I have ever been to! I find this airport to be one of the best I've been in and they are always trying to make it better."  but everyone appeared helpful and friendly. I will say I was impressed by the ability to appropriately estimate the amount it would take to fix the ""electrical problem"" with our plane. 20 minutes was actually only 15 minutes  roam around a bit and enjoy the shops or just relax in a rocking chair and watch the world go by."  which is convenient for me when I'm flying back to PHX. Then... I can buy items that are over 3oz. to carry on." Charlotte has been my connecting airport several times and I've never missed a flight.  Considering the amount of people standing around as if the rapture is about to happen - it's amazing I've never missed a flight here.  The good news is this airport is clean... and there was an attendant in the bathroom."  or it would be on the news and or shutdown from the lack of business...." The rocking chairs are great to sit and people watch  you need to be here early to ensure you get to your flight on time"  OMG....there are the BEST looking guys in there. Wow...I was thinking about taking a flight to Charlotte just to hang in the airport for a day and then come home." My connecting flight back to San Francisco was at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport which was cool because my walk to the terminal was less than 2 minutes and the airport was really clean. I still prefer Texas connecting flights since flying across from East coast to West isn't fun. I hate sitting on a plane for more than a few hours but as long I reached my destination I'm good and on time. I like you CLT. Yes I do." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg Only complaint was that the gate I landed into and the gate my connecting flight was out of were as far away from each other as possible. Made for a v. sweaty start to my next flight." "This is the first time I have been compelled to review an airport but after reading in a clearly biased US Airways magazine that this airport won a best airport award. I couldn't help myself. This is the worst airport layout ever. Basically P.S. - CLT please add at least one Bojangles in each terminal. Thank you." This is a BIG airport. Love the rocking chairs. Ample amenities and adequate moving walkways.  you better leave at least :30 minutes between them. At least they have people movers to speed things up Connection in 10 min...keys here I come!  and out of the airport and large enough to get decent direct flights to most cities.  Parking is cheap but could use more better restaurant options."  nice looking and lots of different places to eat. I've had 2 short lay overs here and each time I have had to walk through the airport to get to a connecting flight so I was able to see a good portion of it. The large windows really brighten up the terminals which makes me think more places (Phoenix Sky Harbor mainly) should follow suit." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg "I vastly prefer to connect through this airport instead of Atlanta. The staff is much friendlier and the food is better.  There is the Tequileria  I mean US Air - cancels or delays your flight.  Be healthy and have some Jamba Juice and then undo it all at The Chocolate Factory." The only airports I hate more than my hometown airport are Memphis and Kansas City.  Memphis looks like a prison and Kansas City is just really weird.  Good job It seems that people in this airport have two speeds slow and stop! Very frustrating if your on business "Usually the security lines at the ends of the airport have fewer people. Security is slow but the airport does have Bojangles I've been avoiding flights due to the crazy bad for you radiation from the full body scanners. Maybe CLT will improve when I eventually cave and need to fly somewhere- who knows." I love the way it's set up with the main food court in the middle of the walkways to the gates and the rocking chairs are charming.  and the ample amounts of seating and rocking chairs near the outlets are a nice touch."  and they scanned my body :(" Easy to get in and out.  All the shops were closed when my flight arrived at 10:20 PM but so not much to say about that. Given the choice of using CLT as a stopover or PHL PIT?  No brainer.....go CLT!" Overall I was pleased with this airport.  Who knows Looks like the airport could use a bit of modernization.  Free Wi-Fi!"  the food and drinks are expensive but that's just standard airport prices.  My flights out are almost always on time which makes me a happy traveler.  Now just wait for my review of JFK for my return trip.  HA!" The airport it self is great.  This is my home airport and for the past three years I have been flying in out of here.  The draw back with CLT is having to wait and wait for luggage if you checked it and they alwasy seem to be behind schedule with take-offs.  standard overcrowded airport (it's a hub)."  Modern. The thing that why I gave a 4 is that staff looks like frustrated  but using the restroom should not be such an unpleasant experience! I would recommend wearing headphones to throw off the rude attendants. Otherwise enjoy the free wi-fi."  good selection of food available and the staff are friendly. Will definately be on my list of airports to return to.  I can't comment on parking as I was on a transfer.  Only downside is the dutyfree is not well sighposted."  so that's why I'm giving them the fourth star (and I like the lobby area with the rocking chairs." As nice as an airport can get. loved this wine bar. I often stopped in but on my last trip it was not longer there.  Has it closed or moved to another concourse.  so did not have to deal with security and check in counter. What I really do not like in this airport are the employees in the restroom ASKING for tips when they hand you the paper towel to dry your hand. The bathrooms are not particularly clean  I've been annoyed with the bus service to and from the terminals.  Hate it when I see 5 daily parking buses drive by empty when I'm parked in Long Term 2!"  security checkpoint speed...ugh...nothing worse.  And much like all other airports....PLEASE INSTALL MORE OUTLETS!! This is a trend I see in a lot of airports.  One outlet for every 500 yards and people having to sit on the floors just to plug in and take a load off." "no cell phone charging stations....at least by what the employees there told me. they said i could use a wall outlet I travel for business for 11years. I had my share of airports. CLT needs improvements in the drop off and pick up areas. Need to expand the roads.  I wouldn't mind flying back through this airport in the future." Thats enough for at least 4 stars :)"  a convenient airport."  I'm bringing a lawn chair for the immigration lines and a power strip to share outlets with others." Not bad as far as airports go.  It has a decent lay out and good food choices.  I love the rocking chairs.  as they essentially drop you off in a central area. You'll just have to hike a bit more pending where your gate is."  hustling to give you a piece of paper towel from the automatic dispenser and ingratiating himself for tips?  This is not a nightclub The food dining shopping options are plentiful and might actually be of better quality than nearby ATL. However I was at this airport for a few mins as I connected. Would have liked to enjoy my supposedly one hour layover but my previous flight at LAX was delayed for no reason.  but is certainly one which could use some updates to accommodate the traveller of the 21st century -- it's definitely not as modern as JFK (particularly T5) "Airport was clean.  Flight was delayed coming home from vacation and the staff never gave a reason as to why the flight was delayed.  It is what it is Fun airport with tons of different places to eat.  The place was packed and crazy like a zoo both times I came here. People are nice here and the BBQ is horrible.  Some grumpy people and some helpful people. It's entertaining to say the least. Avoid California pizza kitchen though... Not like the restaurant experience you would think.  there's no way to get to a lot of the smaller regional airports The Wright Brother plane replica is nice to see as you walk toward E area. Interesting to note that the plane is higher off the ground then the real Flyer ever got!" As airports go this is a pretty good one. A good selection of restaurants and stores selling odds and ends. CLT is a cool airport. Lots of eats..free internet...I find it easy in and out.. BUT it's busy. Who'd have thought in NC that an airport would be so busy. CLT has a very strict lightening procedures... they have several ground stops in the summer.. bring your laptop and good reading..  our arrival at the gate was delayed and our luggage retrieval was further delayed by 45 minutes due to a lack of ground crew and baggage handlers.  Typical mishaps for a poorly managed airport.  Please do yourself a favor and avoid this airport." Besides all that at least CLT isn't Atlanta or Newark!" An international hub airport with that regional airport feel.  Take from that what you will. I have a V for vendetta against Charlotte and this shithole of an aiport."  since I hate PHL and I haven't been to PHX. Other than that On top of USAirways being a partner with United (my choice airline - I know  but what about service at the other end of the flight? I am still wwwwaaaaiiiittttiiiinnngggg for my bag from flight US 2618 from MEM. Been here 30 minutes and still wwwaaaaiiiiiitttttiiiinnnggg. Can't they find an industrial engineer to do a time study and develop a better plan for moving bags from E concourse to baggage claim? So I am writing this review while wwwaaaiiittttiiiinnnnnggg and have reduced my rating from 2 stars to 1. Can't go to zero so my review is done even if everyone from MEM is still wwwwaaaaaiiiiitttttiiiiinnnnggggg......." Anytime soon? Hell no." Great new food outlets !" When I went it was very crowded so I'm not sure if that was a glitch but it sucked because everyone was using an outlet and I couldn't charge my phone! Overall haha when i was here tryin to fly back to LAX and also back to NJ another time my flight was delayed ...it was pourin out...it sure does rain a lot in NC! "Ick. Wish I had never had to touch down here in the first place and delays dragged it out. Did not understand how the bathroom could have tip jars and Listerine while still having pee covering every other toilet seat. I dig that there was free wifi and I liked the USB Outlet counter Luggage took FOREVER to get.  Must have been standing there for at least 30 minutes.  Doh!  but they were closed and cleaning up at 8:30.  Even the bar was shut down!  Spent my last hour at the gate when I would've preferred to have been spending money on a second drink and a nice dinner." "So many airports could learn a thing or two from Charlotte-Douglas International.  It's well thought out design  anyway) and they have mouthwash and other goodies. Traveling with a small child? There are family restrooms available as well." Yes there are cute rocking chairs but they are usually occupied." beautiful airport- no wall plugs  but they're sure darn slow! only one person checking ID's and tickets. takes forever and a day without that 2nd person. not a whole lot of food choices as well  but my connections through this airport are almost always at opposite ends of the place.  Lots of places to eat and a pleasant sitting area nearby.  It really needs a train or something because even with the moving sidewalks Some issues at security lines in terms of build up but over all the airport is great. Good lounge selection and decent food options. People watching in the rocking chairs is a good way to pass layover time.  but definitely clean and friendly atmosphere. I dropped by here on a business trip and had an easy time navigating my way around. They say that most airports in America are configured the same way (ie. places to sit  I couldn't get an ice cube in my water.   Otherwise  and cool rocking chairs.  The secret to the security is check in on the end @ D+E.   Barely ever a line and when there is it moves faster for some odd reason.  Overall never had a problem here and its one of my favorite ""bigger"" airports." Nice clean airport from what I could see.  We were on a 90 minute lay over on our way home and it was late.  There were still some places open which was nice.  Easy to get around.  Didn't have to worry about security as we were in the same wing.  I even managed to get ice in my was from US Air....not that has anything to do with the airport but I felt the need. Due to the scrutiny of airport security  we live an hour closer to ATL but find it well worth the difference.  Parking and airport acess cheaper and easier  as well as the ""T-Mobile waiting area"" near drop off   pick up. I do hate the mindless circle you have to take coming in & out of there. It's a wonder they don't have many a traffic jam & accidents there."  and shuttles for older people who can not walk the extremely large airport!"  it's an airport.  It's meant to be a place to board and disembark from planes.  And it suits that purpose just fine Hier fliege ich gerne hin  if you have a short connection time.  Your travel from one gate to another can be verrrrry lengthy.  I agree with Nicole S. - not sure why they put US Airways flights in different concourses Electricity for laptops...plenty of restaurants It seems that CLT just keeps building on to itself and is making itself bigger and stretched so far that it is now a chore to have a connecting flight there." "This airport is pretty huge. It has a real nice area by the food that has a bunch of rocking chairs by the windows. The seating areas are a little dated and the chairs are pretty beat. Otherwise  both flight segments were in and out of Concourse D.  So I guess the three stars are for the slice of Freschetta Pizza I bought at their stand." Jamba Juice and free WiFi.  and they have rocking chairs! What more could you ask for? Seriously." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  especially when I have to fy out.   The lines are typically pretty long going into the terminal area - just put on your patience hat and be nice.  I LOVE the rocking chairs  decent place for layovers and flights. I like CLT way better than the larger EWR."  but the eating selection is great.  I would like free Wi-Fi." What else can I say - it's an airport - been to better "worst airport experience EVER...everyone was extremely rude....a lady at the information desk ignored us while talking it up with her boyfriend..but to start....the customs process takes FOREVER. they ask the most inappropriate questions ( how come you and your girlfriend arent married?). rude rude rude...then the whole TSA  experience OMG... lines 250 people deep and you can see other people naked on the x ray screens and they will actually pat your testicles... we only had a hour and a half layover  on the same plane in the same seats with the same luggage ....my girlfriends luggage still hasnt shown up even though they charged us 100$ for the 2 checked bags ( us airways doesnt tell you they charge you 2x for your bags even though its a round trip..who am i to assume the initial 50 in the round trip confirmation wasnt enough or was i to assume that US airways expects you to come home with less luggage then you go on vacation with (gifts??? duh)).....worst experience ever....bathrooms were out of paper "Not a bad airport. However they do have those full naked body scanners that the TSA (tyrannical security administration) uses. OPT OUT!  Remember the FOURTH amendment. It has some decent places to eat... even a ""California Pizza Kitchen"". Overall not a bad airport. Would be 4 stars if it wasn't for the nude body scanners." Overall a fine place to fly in or out. It's clean and has all the standards you'd expect at an airport."  and roomy enough for a good amount of traffic to not feel cramped. And the rocking chairs in the common areas that still have all the modern conveniences for charging the toys makes it feel like home away from home. No wonder everyone was ordering smaller lattes that day - the warmth of this airport already had them feeling cozy :)" Clean and a quick airport to get in and out of!  but don't let those rocking chairs fool you.  It's not a relaxed airport."  BBQ and free wireless. If it were not for the fact I often get layovers here longer than it would take me to drive home I feel like it's a  big airport trying to act like a small airport and not quite making it.  It's alright  and very chill lounge-like area behind the smaller sushi place.  Perfect for vegging out and surfing on the airport's free wifi while waiting for your flight.  Starbucks is everywhere and there is even a pinkberry.  Lots of random affordable shops for browsing - duty free (of course) I also utilized their FREE WIRELESS! I think it should be standard that wireless is free in all airports and it always bothers me when it isn't. It's a fun people watching airport too while sitting in the chairs." Logistics are mostly good too. Signage is easy to read and follow. Tons of moving walkways to help you navigate more quickly. Which you may need to do since the terminals are unfortunately spread out Both food options I tried were awful - there was a sushi bar but it was 9 deep so no chance of a seat there.  Lots of rocking chairs for some reason but the biz folk looked very comfy in them with their puters and kindles." I like the rocking chairs and the view at sunrise at the end of terminal D. 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg Beautiful! Was in US Airways terminal.  Plenty of places open and serving at 10:00 pm (when I had left New Orleans at 6:30pm and there was NOTHING serving except UNO pizzas in food stands and rude people telling me it would be 7 minutes and continued to play on her flip phone from the 80s.) 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg "I usually have to connect here and it's not too bad. It's a bit sprawling but it's clean. I like the rocking chairs and free wifi as well as the live piano player they sometimes have by the sushi bar. Plus It's not the best airport but it's pretty good as far as navigation  and open enough to make your time there easier to enjoy." There is a restroom butler! Really! Is that necessary in an airport? With a tip jar? Or was this the high end VIP lounge? Huge distances between gates. For a connecting airport this is a tight race. Short notice on change of gate notifications.  the running to make our flight).  It's clean and offers enough food and shopping choices to keep you happy Easy to navigate and lots of shops.  LaCoste inside an airport??? Wasn't in the airport for too long. But it was really cute and nice. Less hectic than the usual large airports I've been too. "I've flown several overnight flights on US Airways from San Diego to Norfolk and always stop here.  The first thing I see getting of the plane is Bojangles Bonus Tip Free wireless!"  stores and the amount of glass makes it nice and bright on a sunny day....a very modern and thanks to all the walkways  getting to the airport (or from airport to city) has always been smooth.  The information booth folks are actually helpful; quite a change if you're arriving from Miami or NY JFK.  A very late arriving flight once caused me to miss a connection and on that particular night finding a nearby motel was pretty easy."  any airport with a Jamba Juice is alright with me." If only the other kinks could be worked out..."  plus a Body Shop and some other little boutique stores.  I've only transferred through here so cannot speak of the security and checkin services." Other than that it is just another airport." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg And to think I was there during rush hour." Too many agents to few open lines." Compared to other airports I like CLT!  They have gotten a little slow on getting gate checked bags to us.  Each bathroom has an attendant and is always clean. Another good thing is that there is absolutely NO SMOKING inside the terminals."  as there was really no where to stand or line up without getting in everyone else's  way."  they have charging centers for your electronics which I love.  My cell phone battery just doesn't last as long as it used to.  I also was surprised to see that each bathroom has an attendant with mints and mouthwash and the bathrooms are always clean."  so ive had a few times where I was stuck on layover in this airport and I will say it def wasn't the worst experience. Actually with the numerous food options I wasn't bad off at all! The security line is a little iffy and unorganized but nothing too serious. I went to school in High Point and they only had a 5am and 12 shuttle to CLT which sucked Thank You American Airlines counter for being down I got to check not one but two bags in for free. Staff was pleasant and helped expedite those on our flight so we wouldn't miss it. Is this a Homer-Simpson fever dream? No. It's the Charlotte-Douglas International Airport." My husband and I are plane buffs .Seeing the plane that landed in the Hudson at the air museum is a must." I'm sure that people who have to stop by CLT for a layover shouldn't be sad to be in a nice airport like this."  friendly people and clean bathrooms.  Can't really ask for too much more."  and always under new build of the next big thing. I had many visits here and always pretty happy about the airport itself. The food at the food court could be better though."  but make sure you have a little time to kill if you've got a layover; you'll probably spend it running." Clean. Easy to navigate. As a first time visitor to this airport but a frequent flyer in many others Charlotte Douglas gets 4 stars. One very odd thing...they have bathroom attendants.  Yes.  Really.  In every restroom there is an attendant who hands you paper towels to dry your hands and goes around keeping the bathrooms clean.  They are VERY clean Nice airport with good dining choices. The US Airways Lounge is great too. Gorgeous airport! I was a little dismayed that I had to walk from the B concourse to the D concourse (which is a very far walk) despite the fact that I was connecting on the same airline. Moviefone sponsors FREE wifi so watch the 30 second add and get online for free!"  and decor are modern and clean looking.  It is a busy airport but you don't get the rushed feeling like you do at O'Hare International" It is super easy to get around the airport and while it is a spread out the airport is not to crowded but that could be me since i was there at 8:00 am. If I was to take a transfer fight i would def try to look for a transfer flight over here."  which is a welcome treat everytime I see it.  There's no better way to say bye to North Carolina than with a Cajun Filet Biscuit.  They could use more power outlets  there was a nice central atrium with Adirondack chairs and then dated low-ceilinged hubs with generic seating areas. The central atrium was actually pleasant to spend some time in. As far as food goes "Your Free Wi-Fi is totally useless. Maybe you should spring a couple of bucks and throw it in as a reliable courtesy instead of having AOL sponsor. AOL is about as relevant as Windows 3.1; isn't it neat how you don't have to type those DOS prompts anymore? No  even though it's my hometown. Just because you are transferring on the same airline doesn't mean your connecting flight will be in the same terminal. You also may find yourself making olympic time sprinting to the airport trying to make your connection. However if you do have time to meander  and there is plenty of seating. Bathrooms are clean and there is an attendant on duty. It can get crowded like any other airport  but that smell is just so damn enticing that I just can't resist sometimes!  I guess it's better than the stale breath smell of an airplane Cleanest.  Airport.  Ever.  head over to the airport's web site. Definitely a better connection airport than Atlanta  but I thought that was a nice touch.   There weren't any attendants as Brittany L mentions I was delayed at this airport and I must say I was really happy to see a spa there. I got a 20 minute massage for $30 and it was worth every minute.  not as much hustle and bustle like LAX or Philadelphia has. I think because of us coming through this airport so much "Internet is free but outdated. Slow and hard to get on. They need to ""beef up"" their gear. It will only get worse." A nice quiet airport with plenty of shopping. The womens restroom has a bathroom attendant and is very clean  the only direct flights to London are with USfreakingAirways. For a wannabe INTERNATIONAL HUB that's not too famous." What else could you want?"  which should appease the pickiest of eaters." Nice clean terminals and lots of selections for food & bevvies makes this a great place to wait for your flight. Security is generally pretty easy to get through... no more than 15 minutes on my last 2 flights out of here.  and when I'm there it looks better because of my whippin cool sweat headband I would give them 3 stars except for the parking   shuttle buss situation. That's serious for me because I hate starting out a trip hot and sweaty which is exactly how I got on the over crowded shuttle bus." "Unkomplizierter Flugplatz. Abfertigung luft problemlos und schnell. Diverse Restaurants im Terminal  clean airport. Not that I am a pro on travel or anything but there seems to be plenty of  shops and places to eat inside the security.......unlike other airports." The airport was very easy to walk from one concourse to another.  don't try to be nice to them. They are disgruntled. You would be too if your company took over a million dollars of your pension away while upper management all took bonuses." No problems here mon'" The taxi cab system outside is very disorganized. Please get it together before I travel again.  For some reason I had 2 layovers here in the last week & I really like this airport. Great food options and shopping. Everyone we dealt with from gate agents to security were really nice & helpful. I heard there was free WiFi but I wasn't getting much of a connection. There's not much else to be said from a lay over stand point. I wouldn't mind stopping in again."  and VERY comfortable boarding-gate chairs!  I hope to back to Charlotte-Douglas soon!  Oh "Like long lines and employees who LIE than CLT is the place for you. I was flying US airs and they are just as awful. This place is a joke and I will no longer be flying anywhere what would require using CLT. I had my husband 1 baby 1 4 yr old and my 70 yr old grandmother and they told me to go through the family line for security. I went through and this rude ""renta cop"" said that the line was ONLY for employees  the walk-ways seem a little slim though considering the traffic they get there....but never had a bad experience with a person there "This isn't my home airport so I'm always just flying through but it's definitely one of my favorites. The rocking chairs alone make it memorable but I also love the occasional live music from the grand piano in the central area. Food is meh  da wir dort lediglich zwei Mal umgestiegen sind. Allerdings hat die Einreise ber 2 Std gedauert und der Anschlussflug schien gefhrdet. Hat aber alles problemlos geklappt THIS PLACE HAS MORE RESTAURANTS THAN I COULD COUNT!!! And everyone was so helpful and friendly.  Maybe I should visit Charlotte itself and not just their Airport Very well kept and entertaining airport.... I have flown here before as a connecting airport and have never had any problems... And to top it all off the bars have an excellent beer selection... I will try and make my connecting flights here more often... - walkways are WAYYYYYYYY too narrow for the volume of people walking down each concourse" Not inparticular that I love about it  but loads of renovation right now (April 2012)" One of my favorite Airports to be lay-overed in. Wide selection of restaurants to grab a bite and the lay out is very simple. Clean and spacious airport with lots of food and shopping options. My only complaint is their lack of outlets in the boarding areas. Really? Apparently they're all hanging out in the walkway area with trees and white rocking chairs(across from Burger King food area). http:  www.charlotteobserver.com 2011 11 15 2777229 council-makes-bofa-sole-source.html" This airport is really nice. That is all O_O Free wi-fi is always a plus! Buy long distances between certain terminals for US Airways made it hard to get across. Airports need to work with airlines on getting commuter turboprops closer to the big guys....or make it easier to transport people in dedicated lines. I like this airport. Large but still fairly convenient and they do have a couple of shuttles. Bottom line:  CLT can use some work just with overall efficiency.  TSA Agents could do themselves a favor and not nag the hell out of people in the security lines and focus on those ones that seem to be holding up the line.  Between Charlotte and RDU -- I'll take RDU." Glad to have a very accessible and friendly airport in town. Happy to fly out and even more excited to fly back in! Also I especially like the fact this airport has six Starbucks locations.  If you are flying FROM Charlotte One thing that could be an issue with this airport was how far apart the concourses were. You might need to rush if your layover was short." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  though.  I stopped by the EA store and played NHL 2012 one of the PS3s they had in the store; what a great way to spend time between flights!!  Grabbing lunch at Bad Daddy's and watching some NASCAR on TV helped me feel like I was experiencing North Carolina a bit  which should include a plan of action for training your personnel to deal with the needs of disabled passengers." Looked good as we ran thru it. Clean but busy. They have a many rocking chairs throughout the airport and  moving walk ways to help you navigate from one terminal to the next.  Just about every flight seems to be on-time  it runs smoothly. The traffic flow is great and surprisingly compared to other roads in downtown Charlotte the pavement isn't nearly as riddled here. There are lots of parking options from hourly to long term including business valet. For check in there are at least three security checkpoints to go through and if all are open the ""speed of service"" is commendable." What has your airline and airport done for YOU lately????????"  and has lots of signage to find your way around.  I do like how they have ""Walk"" and ""Stand"" actually painted onto the moving sidewalks The long term parking lots a pretty cheap if you can't arrange a ride and located very close to the airport so the shuttle ride is short. Give yourself 15 extra minutes if you need to park long term."  Charlotte and all who pass through."  some renovations under way." Go to the Body Shop if you are bored (center of the airport). They hooked me up with a lot of lotion samples for my travels!" 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg - Nothing really bad to comment on." If you MUST choose a connecting city in the area  this airport has a pretty good selection of fun things to do while you wait for the next air taxi." If they can afford $multi million for a new concourse then a trip to Lowes is peanuts." "The airport might be a little older but it's in fine condition and has wide and spacious walkways  this is a great place to stop if you've got a bit of time between flights." There are also plenty of options where food is concerned.  My favorite part is that there's a Bojangles inside.  You could feasibly bring Bojangles to another state!  Seriously  but don't like the hub and spoke layout.  If you land in one Terminal and have to get to another quickly Clean and friendly.  Have no complaints except that you tend to always sit on the runway awhile. "I liked this airport more than the others mostly because of the food selection and wifi.  There were so many restaurants to choose from during my layover For some reason I always have to connect between terminal E and terminal A. As a hub it's pretty busy so hoof it to your next gate! "I like this one. Not one of my favorites but it is very clean and TSA is always nice and respectful. My only gripe is the lines at TSA feel like they take forever  the folks here even seemed to be a bit friendlier.  Customs agents smiled and played with babies.  Volunteers standing in corridors handed us free luggage tags.  Airports of the world could take a lesson from Charlotte-Douglas  and Regan they are not plentiful. I also seem to have several delays or cancellations at CLT. The only thing I like about this airport are the many food selections and the California Pizza Kitchen in one of the terminals."  and I was glad when I left it.  I really wish they wouldn't allow children in this (or any) place."  but plenty of food choices and generally not much problem with late flights." Clean and well-lit. Friendly and courteous TSA members 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  there's a guy playing Rihanna on a baby grand.  Of course there is currently an idiot sitting in the middle of the walkway eating frozen yogurt but everyone is too polite here to call them out on it."  courtesy of El Presidente landing in the area for the DNC and delaying all flights in the area."  and the stores are open longer than many places I've been to which is great when your travel plans have you up and out all day and night." I like the layout and the fact that I can get anywhere behind security. Aside from that Huge airport.  Clean and lots of shopping.  VA it seems.  Decent enough but it seems to be starting to show the years these days.  I really have to say I just don't care for the restroom attendants."  sometimes  a pianist serenades travelers on his grand piano as they pass through the food court to an opposing terminal.  The best part---FREE wifi.  In an era when traveling with comfort is going into extinction I appreciate your classiness Charlotte.  You've earned the nickname Queen City at least in my book."  and promp with service and hospitality. Getting from gate and gate is efficient especially when you go from the main ones over to the far end for flying out on the much smaller jets."  you must leave the terminal and walk across the street.....(booo). Smoking is a nasty bad habit anyway."  it was pretty crowded and there was a dearth of outlets"  but the airport itself is nice. The intersection of all the terminals is nice. Restaurants. Rocking chairs. A good palace to sit if you can find a chair. The larger of two US Airways clubs is nearby so you could go there or to the one in the B concourse near gate 3." "An airport on the smaller side. I dropped by here as a stopover on the way back to Norfolk from Atlanta. Cute airport and obviously on its way to becoming a ""big"" one. You'll find all the food you need. It's easy to find your way around and you get free wi fi! Airports get extra points for the wifi =)" My first time in a Southern airport. They are right. Southern charm is alive and well. Very clean and I was able to find a nice restaurant during my layover. I plan to visit North Carolina in the future. Hope it lives up to the charm displayed to me at the airport. It's tough living in Charlotte. If you have to check a bag it usually takes the bag longer to make it from the airplane to baggage claim than it takes to fly it from MEM to CLT - must be the highly efficient union labor...  gotta love small airports.  Easy in and easy out." I've also had a great time with security here - never been a hassle." "Pretty easy getting through the airport to baggage to my shuttle.  Lots of hotel choices nearby and then back again really early in the morning.  Multiple lines for security and any of them will work  AAANNNNNNNDDD the bathrooms all have their own individual attendants that make sure the toilets have been flushed before you step in... it's the little things like this that make landing after a three hour flight more relaxing... I wouldn't hesitate to pick a flight again connecting through Charlotte if I have the time..." My favorite part? It was nice to be in such a large place with so many people and it actually be CLEAN :)" Thanks for allowing me to get back into the Contiguous 48 safely!" Once completed I am sure it will make things move smoother than ever." International arrivals was pretty good too"  hallways are not wide enough though making it extremely trafficy to walk through. There is a good selection of restaurants though!" "I truly wish that this was my home airport - I could hang out for hours here marveling all of the food courts  my bags made it and overall I don't mind calling Charlotte-Douglas my home airport!" Oh here is a secret. Go to security lines at the far left or far right if you are in a hurry. They are usually the shortest." I saw that a genghis grill is opening soon but that isn't enough! Im glad I have loving family members to send me on my way with yummy sammies and snack age Most of the time that I've flown out of here my flights have been on time on both ends." seriously? concierge service and tip jars in the bathrooms? but what happens if no one tips? (shudder) "Very well designed airport. I mean the inside. It's very characterized and it doesn't make you feel like ""okay it's just another airport"" but it's so special and unique that I'll always remember. Im just having a connection here tonight and I hope I'll have more chance to come here. It's big and takes a lot of effort to walk from one terminal to another." "I had a really pleasant experience at this airport! I connected here literally on Christmas Eve and there was a beautiful pianist playing as I wandered around looking for food. Boy did I have a lot of options. I almost wanted to close my eyes and just wander over somewhere as it was really difficult to choose. I was stuffed with food and ended up getting Jamba Juice as well. Ahh! Too many options! The airport was very clean and the staff everywhere were extremely friendly. I had an easy time navigating around as well and I think that this is the best airport I have ever been to. They have a great selection of food  and plenty of different areas to wander aimlessly.  They also have plenty of shops restaurants to visit when your flight is delayed and you are powerless to do anything but keep opening your wallet to the airlines." It's a nice metropolitan airport that has a nice down-home feel to it!"  there's free wifi and various food options. Pleasant staff The airport itself is huge and overall pretty nice. Good selection of restaurants to kill time at as well. One interesting thing about it is that they have a serious recycling and composting initiative. They strangely don't advertise it very well as I found out through a bartender who was explaining it to me." Pretty standard on terms of airports. I've experienced far worse.  they have to really great southern accent. Which really does make it feel more sincere.."  re-entering through security was also well-organized. It honestly is THE best place (and I've been through a lot of airports internationally) I have ever been when re-entering the US of A. Highly suggest making this your international airport (when possible)."  it's an airport.  Get from point A to point B right." "Is there anything this airport doesn't have?  I have changed flights here on several occasions and each time I fight the urge to stop at Cinnabon... That smell is dangerous.  They have several restaurants "**Free Wifi** wins my heart every time. There aren't many charging stations but there are plenty of rocking chairs. I've been here a few times and I always enjoy my short layover here. There are a lot of Starbucks scattered throughout so have no fear I went to get a jamba juice but you can go to get yogert and burgers while your waiting for your flight. They also have a bar TV place where you can just relax One of the best US Airways hub airports. First time there. I must admit that the facility does have its priorities in order. Everything I could see was spotless and well maintained. The place had a wide variety of shops in the concourse for travellers passing by to their next destination. First time flying US Airways was and pleased at the experience. It reminded me of the days back before the United Continental merger. Continental always had consistent friendly service and majority of on-time arrivals. Generous portions of drink beverages and inflight snacks  I generally can fly almost anywhere without connecting.  If I do have to connect wiHoUHcteQdzKRh0ionH_w Always a good airport when you have free Wifi. Nice place. Well designed. Medium Size Airport.  food if you have a long layover."  but the everything outside of the main area only serves to remind me I'm working around US Air.  This airport could be better  the E-D (regional) terminal is ridiculous. You pretty much have to go through a magical door to Wonderland to get there. It seems like the flow of traffic could be much more efficient here....but it was forgotten or something." Letztes Jahr den Rekord in der Immigratio aufgestellt: 15 Minuten und wir waren durch. Okay  but little to no power outlets. Ciao Gourmet Market (Terminal D It's ok... As far as airports go!  I quite enjoy sitting back and watching people sprint barefoot through the airport to get to their connection!!!!  and they were exceptional. US Airways will give your seat away if you don't check in early....and they will bump you without a second thought. All that reflects poorly on Charlotte Douglas The FREE WIFI makes up for everything- the best perk ever!" Lines at TSA PreCheck is short. Love it. So as long as you  give your self a lot of time for your flight you can look around and enjoy this Airport."  great restaurants and good shopping. I love the rocking chairs and plenty of USAir Clubs. If you're a frequent USAirways flyer this airport beats Philly and DC on the East coast."  so don't bother rushing to get your bag.  Bathroom attendants can be a little creepy - but that just might be me.  Rocking chairs are scattered through the terminals.  Lots of charging stations and electrical outlets aren't hidden.  Security checkpoints are pretty slow - Cheap long-term parking"  but overall it has average airport traffic. I don't mind killing time here at all." This place is pretty nice.  Looks relatively new and is pretty clean.  Good spots to eat and shop.  Terminal is easy to navigate.  I would not be upset if I had a layover here in the future.  the usual food and stores. +1 star for the awesome rocking chairs...because EVERYONE should have rocking chairs!!" Restrooms were actually clean.  There are even some higher end boutique-ey stores like Costa etc. w  a nice modern white uniform row storefront along the moving sidewalks." Thank goodness for the free WiFi..." Ehh.. okay I guess i can't rank the full experience but I assume it never get really busy. for check in and security."  it is a US Airways hub.  I cannot not blame Charlotte for that.  You take what you can get  the best part was the free WiFi. Why this isn't a staple in every airport is beyond me I think airports should have a resident MD on staff at the ticket counter to dispense Xanax to make the flying process less stressful. I'd give an airport 5 5 for sure if that ever happens. Hey I have stopped through a couple of times and remember the food being really tasty and  the airport being easy to maneuver." A lot of places to eat in the US Airways terminal. I only had 1 stop here but they have white chairs everywhere which is pretty cool and free wifi. I do like this airport a lot.  I mean it is huge and has a lot of shopping options.  The food choices are great and you will find an SB every few stops to keep you going.  They have the viewing area and rocking chairs if you have a long wait time for connection.  The restrooms are always clean and looked after.  A good airport to connect or travel thru. I like CLT and am happy that my town has an easily accessible chic wine bar. I thought i would land at a crappy run down airport like LaGuardia airport but to my surprise the south is more modern than NYC??? odd. NYC get with it!!!!!!"  I doubt you like flying. It's just something we have to deal with Very nicely decorated though. Sweet rocking chairs." I thought the food courts were nice and spacious."  y'all) and free wi-fi. Doesn't get much better than that during a layover." If you are connecting-great. Beware that parking is a disaster. Be prepared to take your time finding the correct deck. And arrive early!"  and a large selection of food choices...I wish I flew in to Charlotte more often!!" ** Apparently Beyonce and Jay Z did as well. http:  www.reuters.com article 2013 04 09 entertainment-us-usa-cuba-beyonce-idUSBRE93600V20130409" The rocking chairs here are so cool. "I love Charlotte Airport.  It is one of the few airports I look forward to landing at.  A beautiful and open airport that has me strolling through even when I am in danger of missing my flight.  There always seems to be the most beautiful people traveling there as well Not a bad place to have a long layover."  perhaps it'll be even cheaper and easier to catch a flight home.  This airport has been (and maybe still is) one of the most expensive airports to fly in and out of."  and thus have a better feel on how CLT measure up with other airports. So it's not the prettiest (far from being aesthetically pleasing to be honest)  the moving walkways aren't working either.  Places to charge you device?  Nope.  You'd think with the volume of flights CLT has  I do not see a problem with this airport. Smaller airport means Flights are usually run on time for the most part.  The only thing that really slows this place down is ice snow.  Otherwise Very easy to navigate and clean. It has a laid-back feel with the rocking chairs. Be sure to check the reviews on Yelp before forking over your 1st unborn child at the restaurants. PLUS - I normally have little issue getting connected for FREE!" "They are in the middle of revamping the parking near the terminals.  Easy peasy airport.  The food options are lacking  especially since it was Mother's Day! We made it on time with 5 minutes to spare. I guess it was my good deed for the day?  But the experience for us all made good conversation for the flight back to SFO  traffic moved along quite smoothly. Everything was labeled. Lots of little shops to browse through and mini bookstores and magazine stalls to kill time. Friendly service."  I feel like I'm at some kind of mall or something. It's by far the nicest and newest looking airport I've been to. Didn't mind being stuck in this nice airport for an hour or so. Got a little treat at Pinkberry and walked around. There are plenty of shops and restaurants and I never had a problem with finding anything or getting to or on my plane. Oh Might just be the must confusing airport I have ever been in Great airport with lots to shop and eat! Easy to navigate. Easy to navigate. Plenty of food options. Careful about the distance between terminals though..  I couldn't complain much due to the hospitality." Anyway I digress- As others have stated there is limited seating in the gate area and it seems like every seat is taken and the number of electric outlets are lacking."  but it is always a mass of humanity.  Be sure to stay in your seat if you get one The worst was in the winter of 2011 where I was kept at the airport for 3 days straight days because the airport neglected to buy de-icing agent - for 3 days. I eventually left by taking a train." Surprisingly clean and quite easy airport!  Had wonderful service and bags were quick to be unloaded.  Very easy in and out approach. Super crowded! Worse than LGA! Next time I have to come to Charlotte  and my 10:15PM connecting flight left without us instead of delaying only 15 minutes to accommodate several passengers from a connecting flight.  I figured I'd go to sleep and leave on a 6AM flight.  Nope.  At 4AM I like calling North Carolina home." Bojangles is awesome in this airport. Great chicken sandos! Sushi bar in airport is very good. eCTdqjkB2oN-QJAZTEWllQ We are lucky to have such a great airport for all of our travel needs." "This airport is like a mall. They have so many stores and restaurants. You almost WANT to have a long layover so you can explore. That was not the case for me "Bojangles in Terminal B  but they were very efficient at their work.  When I'm traveling I really appreciate efficiency on getting me where I need to go." It's an airport.  It is not near the top of my favorites.  and outlets. Southern hospitality = bathroom attendants = clean bathrooms. All terminals are connected." There are plenty of options for shopping and dining. I did not have much time to explore everything but very impressed by the sheer size and architecture of it."  small but had what it needed. Planes." Absolutely fabulous airport air conditioning and spacious places and loads of restaurants "Had my first opportunity to visit NC the other week and flew into Charlotte Douglass International. The airport wasn't as big as I had imagined it would be  well organized airport. I also like the surplus of options available to travelers AFTER you get through the TSA security. I thought it was neat to see at the US Airway's reservation check-in area that there was a ""minor unaccompanied"" area so you can get your child through the process easily."  but I guess they must make a dollar - the cost of flying isn't cutting it for the airports - I wonder who owes the airports anyway - who is making all of that money - I hope they invest in some signage."  wear comfortable shoes and stay alert. You will be walking long distances during layovers and during that time are in danger of getting run over by the many carts that are zooming by. I guess most people have a hard time making their connector here  there are only a few airport who have restroom attendants." This airport is scary.  I've never encountered so many people handing out bibles to people on a layover flight.  I now have no interest in flying back. Love this airport! Always means I'm going somewhere!! San Juan here we come!  lines formed and it was just an absolute mess. The trash cans I saw in the seating area were also overflowing. People tried to throw out plastic cups and the like before their flight and at one point some of it just toppled onto the ground. Overall the experience was unpleasant Just passing through againh... but the Seafood joint in terminal C has some great food! Go sit down and take a load off...." "Dieser Airport ist fr einer der Schnsten und Gemtlichsten. Hier ist alls sehr gut und bersichtlich. Es gibt sehr viele Hinweisschilder zu allen mglichen Punkten. Also verirren kann man sich hier nicht. Das Angebot des Gastronomie ist gut und vom Preis noch Akzeptabel. Auch toll finde ich die ganz vielen Schaukelsthle die hier in den Hallen zum verweilen einladen  and there's plenty of shops to browse to pass the time.  Another reviewer referred to this airport as ""upscale"" and while it's a little bizarre I kind of agree.  I'd much rather be stuck here than some other airports any day." Big airport with many electric walkways that makes it easy to go the long distances between gates.  The Atriums have white rocking chairs. Many trees as well line the main atrium.  the first thing I look for when arriving is an available outlet.  The only outlets to be found are along the windows.  If you need power  but every single time I have to make a connection through Charlotte Douglas it's delayed by several hours. I haven't been to any other airport with as many delays and with such frequency. I'd gladly sacrifice the Pinkberry for a more punctual schedule."  but there are good people movers to help if they are working. An abundance of white rocking chairs sets a relaxed mood...and more comfortable than the standard airport chairs.  Plenty of eating places. A bit put off by having a men's room attendant tearing off sheets of paper for hand washers.....with extended palm and giant bottle of listerine."  more places to eat than I've seen!"  and HELLA power sockets. CLT has all of the above."  to walk from one end to the other and order (fast) food if I was craving food from an establishment on the other side. I never encountered any lines at any of the bathrooms as they're really really big and are easily accessible."  3-4 stars for all the other relatively minor aspects of the airport.  I will settle at 3 stars because the whole bathroom thing was so bothersome to me."  and everything went quite well. The airport is very clean and everyone is courteous. Not a bad place to spend time between flights." Very easy airport to get in and out of. Need more restaurant choices in the Southwest wing  just getting a little dated.  But the airport was pleasant and very functional.  My trip was very smooth through this airport.  And I like the Sprinter which runs from the airport to Uptown." I wish I had more time to explore This airport needs a train like Atlanta. I wish there was more like Charlotte meaning the Airport Service Schedule." This is one of my favorite airports. It's warm and fuzzy with it's rocking chairs. It's big... but not a zoo. Easy to navigate and a great airport to layover in in between flights! "This is one of the better airports to travel through. It's easy to get from terminal to terminal. I really like the layout with great restaurants and shops in the center of all the terminals. The rocking chairs are nice. I rarely get to sit in them but it does give the airport a nice feel.  The city center is very near and only a 10 to 15 min taxi ride. I've been trying to take my international flights from CLT as much as possible. If you are a US Airways traveler "Like most airports free WiFi is available.   This airport is pretty busy.  There are people everywhere so at times you are almost tripping over other people while trying to get from one gate to the other.   They have a pretty descent main food court and good eateries in every concourse.  The unique things about this airport  we arrived an hour late at gate B3 and I had to sprint to D7 only for it to be delayed. But then we had to go to gate C13 because the plane at gate D7 was infested with ants in the cargo bay that had just arrived from Montego Bay "Why is it that the gates always seem twice as far apart when your flight is over an hour late?  However  while the parking isn't great now they are working on that and it should be better soon."  that always causes some confusion and is quite the cluster. To their credit and the airports credit of the 30 or so flights I have taken out of Charlotte in the last three years only two of them have been seriously delayed."  it appears they are doing construction but I would add in an extra hour after you land for baggage retrieval and waiting on a bus to get back to your car. The long term buses seemed to come around a lot more than the daily parking." Sort of pricey shops!!!!!  efficiently operated airports in eastern United States. Plenty of oversized rocking chairs with great views of the airport and downtown Charlotte." Pros: Any airport with TSA pre-check and free wifi automatically gets a pass. This airport is definitely bare bones for any airlines besides USAir so I was happy enough to have an uneventful experience here." "Easy to get in and out of. Employees are very helpful. Inviting If you connect in Charlotte expect constant delays!!!!!   Every time I connect through to Dulles I experience planes with mechanical delays The people here are pretty helpful. You have a pretty big choice selection of places to eat. The stock car cafe is always a good bet and then there's always bojangles for fried chicken.  I hate flying though. I gotta get first class at least once. I'll hype that airline up once that happens  bang a left and go to the end of the building. This would not be an issue except that now you have to go back in through the security checkpoints. Can we say ""pain in the neck""? However "Not my favorite airport. But  but let me tell you how much you suck on the outside. You suck a lot. Is this entire place under construction??? Oh They always have free wifi and you can find power outlets all over the place. It's easy to find a spot to plug in and get some work done or just relax in a rocking chair on the main concourse. CLT feels small enough that you feel comfortable getting around but large enough that they're still getting shit done." I've gotten out of ORD and PHL lot faster than this airport." Great airport: easy to navigate.  Decent selection of eateries and shops. Always clean. Redeeming factor: flight (US Airways) was not only on time but 25 minutes early to my destination!" There are a good selection of places to eat. Nice lobby  and not far. And she doesn't do stairs at all! This happened to her both coming and going. I believe that the attendants at the Charlotte Douglas International Airport are mentally disabled and do not have the brain function to do this simple job." "I hate the screaming ""announcements. "" over the overhead speakers. .   Volume is crazy excessive in gate area of E32.    Go to Hometown Team Bar and wait for your flight....the screaming is maddening"  is stellar. A super short jaunt to the metro area. They also have a Cinnabon and that counts for a lot in my book." 1.5 stars off.  SHUT THAT DAMN BEEPING HANDICAP GO CART OFF!!!!  The last thing I want to hear is a constant beep every three minutes at 10 o'clock at night with these stupid carts pacing back and forth without any passengers."  we had to chill out someplace random b c another plane was at our gate unexpectedly. And then there was no skybridge. And then we had to circle around a few times because the airport gods grew tired of us sitting and waiting. Then  I have to commend Charlotte International for attractiveness I have been through this airport more than I really want... perhaps the reason being this is the ONLY transit airport from my little town... however I should say this airport is also perhaps one of the friendliest hence being one of my favorite amongst all the National and International airports I have traveled through! One major plus the restrooms are uber clean!! Helpful. Nice. Smooth experience.  Airport is carefully laid out and the moving walkways help get to your destination faster.  This place even has a PInk Berry!  They keep it clean and pleasant.  No complaints to date. 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  funny the best food is on the domestic piers and the international piers have the least to offer. The First Flight Sushi is great 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg "This is the most pleasant airport I've been to so far. Everyone that I talked to was polite Standard place that grew fast and has lots of spider webs. "I really like this airport.. Free wifi everywhere and cool little rocking chairs to sit in while u surf and people watch. It's well laid out (easy to get to all your gates) and a central  so don't try to cut your flight too close.  Staff is friendly and foods are overpriced. Otherwise I love this airport for connecting flights.  it is large and clean and I have experienced fewer delays here than say Phili or DC.   I've connected here for both Orlando and for Dallas on multiple occasions and I find the flights to be consistent. 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg I really like the Charlotte Douglas International Airport. It's a clean airport with many (many) places to shop and eat - and the food choices are good. If you have a layover here I think your experience will be a good one.  which was just enough time to grab a bite and board my next flight. It was my first time flying to the US and it's good thing I didn't have to clear customs in Charlotte." Rental cars are a short bus ride  I always choose Douglas when planning a flight with a layover."  the delightfully southern white rocking chairs and oaks growing inside the main atrium create a wonderful ambiance to pass the time." Everyone was friendly.  Food was decent.  Plus they have water bottle refilling fountains  I might give two stars if it weren't for the free wifi."  even a sushi bar. I was stuck on a 3 hour layover here and I did sample the Starbucks but that was about it as far as the vendors go. Not a bad place to be stuck that's for sure." I give Charlotte Douglass Airport a 3 right now because it sucks going to pick up people because of the new construction of the new parking levels. You have to catch a shuttle they will not let you walk and you wouldn't want to anyway. Make sure you pay attention to what lot you are parked in and what shuttle you need to get back. The parking levels will not be completed until Nov. 2014. It will be nice when they do finish and much easier to pick up people again. I hope to have a good experience here one day. I see from other yelp reviews that it exists Sit down stay awhile options are limited. It used to be worse but they have added some. My favorite now is Bad Daddy burgers. Yum!"  so beware that can be a pain sometimes (currently just the daily area is being redone.)  Go to the Terminals on the far left (Terminal D  but I'll have to keep them in mind next time. Wouldn't mind - with the right amount of time - having a layover in Charlotte."  their liquor laws are suuuuuuper strict (read no booze on Sunday until at least noon).  Just sayin." Having the food court right outside security is kind of awkward and gets crowded.  I appreciate the free wifi and the fact that it's not insane to try and navigate.  Rocking chairs for those who like them.  In terms of drop off  pick up The bathroom attendents are sort of weird too."  big and very clean airport.  Lots of places to choose from for food and drinks they even had a guy playing a piano at one of the more expensive restaurants.  It was easy to get around from terminal to terminal as well." I also had a mishap at the security checkpoint and somehow temporarily lost my ID and boarding pass when I set it down to take off my jacket and shoes. I was freaking out because I thought I wouldn't be able to get in and it was just stressful. But one of the TSA workers tried to help me find my ID and boarding pass  I'm surprised that I really didn't mind this airport."  but my God... there are more people movers than people here." I have never been to an airport before where I would want to come back and just hang out. Get my nails done? Check! Superb southern food? Check! Legit shopping? Check and check! Knocking a star because everyone keeps talking about free Wifi Sidenote - totally leaned on my Kindle and smashed it here. :( Don't lean on your Kindle." Easy to navigate. The best thing each time I connect in Charlotte is the Piano player between Concourse B and A. So nice to see live peaceful music in the hussle and bussle of the airport. "I love Charlotte and I don't even know her last name...The Airport much like the city itself is like the new girl in town who wants to be part of the ""cool crowd"" so she does her best to stand out....What's not to like about an airport with quick security..rocking chairs in the atrium..plenty of food options...bars..shopping..salons..and Starbucks every 10 feet?..special recognition for having a Bojangles Chicken Outlet which are seriously missed in Florida...add in the fact they have clean bathrooms with friendly Carolina Southern Bathroom Attendants..free Wi-Fi in the airport and plenty of charging stations and you have the template for what other airports should strive for....only reason I am not giving this airport 5 stars is not really their fault..since USAir has made it their primary East Coast Hub the airport is a little overutilized for it's size..it leads to all the problems one would imagine...gates that are occupied with another plane when you land so lots of time is spent sitting in the plane waiting to park..long waits to takeoff when you are number 10 in line to take off and crowded terminals and people movers..they are trying to deal with it with the current construction projects going on My favorite spot is the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Co.  I like to bring the kiddos a candied apple when I return from a business trip." "Big airport with lots of moving sidewalks and the best part is rocking chairs! Lots and lots of beautiful white rocking chairs. There are small shops every few feet "Nice airport in decent condition. The food and shopping selections have improved over the years. While I find it a tad annoying to have a restroom attendant "I have never had any troubles going through security at Charlotte Douglas International Airport.  The airport has some nice stores This airport now offers free wifi. That's a big plus in an otherwise mediocre airport. My only complaint with this airport is that they do not update the info boards enough. I ALMOST MISSED MY FLIGHT!" Got a long layover? The first good news is you've got access to free WI-FI. And you won't be disappointed by the food and drink options - I have one very fond memory of a long liquid lunch at the Bacardi Rum restaurant (yep -  apparently that's a thing). They just added an Illy coffee shop as well in the newer D terminal for those of you who like your coffee rich and Italian (...like your men? Sorry  Charlotte Douglas is a solid airport for the Carolinas." The airport is fine but the bathroom attendants have GOT TO GO! especially when they keep talking while you're trying to use the facilities...not okay. Worst airport in the area. Never come to CLT on Monday morning. The valet parking was full by 6:10 am. Security lines are ridiculous. I drove up from Columbia SC for the last time.  but the new gate check in changes are ridiculous.  They seem to change weekly and they have ruined any benefits of having status or first class.  Jamming all business travelers through a single gate just destroys the purpose.  Charlotte has too many flyers with status with USAir.  You would think airport management would realize this." "My boys love going to the airport lookout. There are a few benches and picnic tables for a snack. Trees for shade also. It of course is loud Now they say that it will be given away if it isn't found within a month. Do they really think there is a person even a very rich person(there are videos This was my forth time in this airport and I have no complaints for it."  it's not at all a bad place to be." I like the rocking chairs! Bathrooms clean and easy to navigate around the terminals.  I can assure you this is one of the airports that you wanna have a break if you have a connecting flight."  you have the impression of being accosted by street vendors in a 3rd world country.   I'm not sure what their function is except to collect tips.  They don't put toilet paper in the stalls.  They don't clean urine off the toilet seats.  They only thing I saw them do was tear off a paper towel and hand it to me and then expect a tip.  If you don't leave a tip I hope to find myself in Charlotte again on future flights. If you're going to be stuck in an airport for a few hours waiting for a connection Worst airport ever.. Flight to Jacksonville was schedule for 9:19am.. I'm currently still sitting at the airport nearly 2 hours later. The lady on the overhead has been telling the passengers we will leave in 15-20 minutes. At this point I'm tired of hearing that. Now I know if there was something wrong with the plane then it's understandable but no we have yet to board the aircraft due to the 1st officer not being here on time.. Now if you know there's a flight schedule why wouldn't you make sure the person is her or even better have a back up plan.. Ridiculous planning if you ask me!! All I'm saying is SFO left on time and arrived in Charlotte early.. Now that's a good job well done.. As for my first time in Charlotte.. No never again.. I'll just pay extra for a direct flight I hear that they even have a large area for watching taking off and landings complete with a picnic area and park benches.  Or you can just watch from your car.  How friendly is that?  Next time I book a flight  this airport is pretty cool."  the gate agent said that they know we're coming and not to worry. We ran to the gate and there was no one there and no plane. When they came back they said that 15 minutes ago they gave our seats to standby passengers and that the PLANE LEFT 15 MINUTES EARLY! They told us that it is a transfer airport so they usually leave early. BS!  They told us that they only hold the plane if there at least 10 people missing. Luckily there was 1 more flight that night. Suck it U.S Airways"  and generally clean. They have plenty of moving sidewalks to get to your gate more quickly Easy to navigate. Clean. And lots of food choices. Also has a nice bright waiting area central hub. great restaurants and fabulous people.  Have to love the Southern Hospitality even from the TSA agents  auch sehr sauber und gut Beschildert so das man alles sehr schnell findet. Auch toll sind die vielen Schaukelsthle in und um das Atrium in denen man schn entspannen kann und dem Treiben im Airport gelassen zu sehen kann. Es gibt genug Restaurants und Shops  even when I lived in Savannah (many moons before coming to Charlotte) I would purposefully schedule US Airways flights so that I could be routed throgh CLT rather than ATL. Maybe it's the rocking chairs in the main food court "I've been here before on a layover and this is the first one that I've actually stayed loft a long time. Long layovers suck but thanks to the free wi-fi and the pretty good selection of food available  The Tampa International Airport TSA do a great job My first plane ride through Charlotte  North Carolina. You know I know I have been through air here but I think I also rented a car here. Service here was okay. Car rental was confusing because it was a different shuttle ride away or something. "I can't really say that I thought much of this airport. It has a smoky smell. The main problem is that it is a hub of US Air and in my opinion it is a tossup as to which is the worst airlines Charlotte airport seems to get better and better every time I pass thru.  Security is mmmm... Ok. Allow extra time.  They have a great selection of food in the food court between the B & C concourses.  The sushi bar is wonderful.  I wish the city would take the time to modernize the concourses themselves.  Gate areas and lounges seem to be a little outdated. Starbucks... Galore! The one next to B9 is fast moving and fast paced.  Don't be discouraged of the line is long.  Always buy food before you get on the airplane! Try not to laugh every time you realize this airport's code is CLT.  I think it's hysterical.  :)" And yes...the rocking chairs and free wifi are charming" Love the layout and size of this airport. So easy to navigate. The central food shopping area has some nice options and the big white rocking chairs are so southern and inviting. My kids love the moving sidewalks between the terminals. Always happy to fly to Charlotte!  and clean facilities ... this place will probably earn an extra star after the reconstruction and parking is complete at the main terminal area. The only drawback here is that it's pretty chopped up ... so all of those different concourse areas can be a bit of a walk if you have to change Airlines or are going international and have to change concourses areas due to that." "Terrible parking access due to an un-phased parking upgrade.  Slow to nonexistent parking shuttles.  The absolute worst baggage handling times.  They do a decent job but come on The South Western Plane and the new merged US-AIR American Air are best in show." Over all great Airport." Overall a great experience here.  Food options weren't the greatest but I didn't see anything except for the terminal i left and came out of.  and my dad introduced me to the valet parking and I haven't been able to go back to regular. Especially while they're working on the new garage construction. I'm too spoiled. Sure I could spend that money on a billion other things  I have always had such a pleasant experience from the time I check in until the time I get on my flight at CLT airport.  Either I get lucky every time or this airport just has a very friendly and helpful staff!" "I really like the Charlotte airport.  The flight selection is decent and the size of the airport is just about right I'm sure I'll continue to frequent CLT unless something makes Columbia  cheaper." I am US Airways miles holder so most of my trips route through Charlotte. It by far one of my favorite airports. It is easy to navigate  and has plenty of choices for food and shopping if you have a long layover. "Tiny little airport that does what it needs to do - one could also fly directly into Atlanta and catch the shuttle out to Chattanooga  this is one of the better ones. A large open atrium in the center joins all of the gates which gives you the feeling of being outside.  Rocking chairs and free wifi  I'd suggest checking out the old-school map on CLT's website if you want to grab some food or a book between flights." Consider trying Park 'N Go instead of Business Valet. I find their service is better and cheaper than the airport's service."  good places to eat. Just a nice airport as airports go." "Good enough airport that's easy enough to navigate.  Okay food options Easy to park at the long term lots and at a good rate.  Security lines are annoyingly long for not that busy of an airport.  Usually because they only have 1 scanner open at a time.   some nice places to eat and decently easy to navigate when your all messed up. Thankfully for me I travel well and know my way around so it was too bad for me after I got some food in me which there are plenty of places to eat here" My favorite places to fly in and out of. The A concourse where I fly out of is old and does not have enough seating. Otherwise it's a fine mid sized airport. The roads around the airport are a total mess and some are closed off  and certainly the BEST I've seen in the US. This is an airport with a promising future  but this trip was my first time as Charlotte being the final destination.  It was easy to get to the baggage area  you have to take a shuttle. The ride to and from long term parking is hair raising - it's like being on an NYC bus that's in a race to get somewhere (hang on for dear life)." the airport has certainly grown over the last 10 years.  great ambiance with the rocking chairs in the atrium for passengers that have a long wait between flights and do not wish to wait at their gate.  continue to grow and hurry up and finish with the construction with the parking!!! 5. Starbucks everywhere - good." Dissatisfied customer ..."  you're eventually going to end up here for an hour or so. Not a bad place to send a short time. Even if you are connecting from one US Air flight to another Being Muslim I really appreciated the quiet serenity to be able to pray without feeling rushed to do so. I used the room twice upon arrival an departure when praying the second time around I was joined by a catholic gentleman so the room does get use. Thank you CD airport for a blessing to passengers needing a place to pray and worship." Love those Carolina Rockers. One of my favorite airports. Lots of plugs and charging stations. Great BBQ. Easy to get from one end of the airport to the other. Reeks of jet fuel exhaust in the E Concourse too.  Close the doors much?" MS at the time of writing of this review. With the gates built so far apart and narrow walkways. It takes me a full 15 mins to move from gate to gate. Been close to missing my flights a lot of times. High time they build a shuttle or  train service especially with this being a US airways hub." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg "Well for an airport I really have no complaints. It may not be the biggest airport there is but it does have the best USO I have been too. Serving hot and cold food 24 hours a day  especially if flying USAir. Customs was worse than JFK. THIS IS NOT the airport for international connecting flights. Completely understaffed for an excessively busy Sunday. Worst combination of southern efficiency and northern charm. Better to go through Miami." Nice airport. When you are picking someone up you can go to the cell phone lot and wait for them to text. I hear they have rocking chairs but have not tried them yet. Parking across for the terminals would be great. Cant wait until they are finished  I go where the best price and route times are so I'll be back.  Soon I hope traveling to the clear blue sea."  dirty carpet they should change the carpet to tiles." "I'm hoping this place comes around once the construction is complete. It's a little tight and cramped and crowded. For years The WiFi is Free and almost worth the price." It is a very large airport and your connecting flight will undoubtably be far from where you land so expect to be walking and with a short layover this may mean running."  nor out. We've only made connections here. Much appreciated is free WiFi. All airports should be doing that. Rocking Chairs is a great place to chill if you have the time. When making a connection Man! Clean airport with really nice ppl. Altho my flight got cancelled I think it was because the pilot didnt want to land because of 'fog'. I always like traveling through here though.  go to gate A6 and view at the airport map nearby.  Then connect.  There is spotty connections at the end of that terminal hampering the user agreement website from openong."  not enough seating and for god sake turn the AC down. And to top it off the US airways club closes at 10pm so grab you stuff and get out! Sea of people not enough seating and the food is junk There really isn't anything too horrible or too great about this airport. I've always found the bathrooms surprisingly clean "This airport is huge!  If you're here for a short layover be prepared to book it if your connecting flight is on the other side of the airport..it'll take a while!  Luckily I had plenty of time  out of and thru. This is my home airport but since it is also the largest Hub for US Airways I also have to fly thru during business travel. You walk from furthest points in about 15-minutes if you use the moving walkways and walk at a good steady pace. You have food and if you desire shopping options in all concourses. TSA Precheck at all concourses as well. You will find rocking Chairs in the main food court area as well as the E Concourse. A big item is that you have free WiFi! The biggest downside to the airport is finding enough charging outlets in the airport. It is for this reason that I give it a 4-Star rating instead of a 5-Star." "Blech. This airport is kinda dirty and smells sour. It's also overly crowded since it is a layover hub Really an easy airport to navigate  Check in not a hassle Although the charging stations weren't functional they had more being added to recharge the electronics."  but every person I had to talk to seemed like they hated everyone. Really irriated me and I hated being there. I am not sure how you can manage to be that unhappy when you live in a nice town. Blew my mind away p.s. I think you may have fleas." Be patient.  It's a nice airport but it does get chaotic.  Scheduling seems to be random and gates get really busy with flights leaving right next to or across from one another.  either helpful or totally rude.  I would give a one star except it wouldn't be fair to the excellent employees I did encounter." XsNsDwnrcT6A8aOsA1JJmQ  unless I am waiting in the cell phone lot. The airport is clean and efficient. Never had any issues here. Depending on the day it can be a bit busy but that is the case with all airports I suppose." Separately I love the fact they have a Jamba  Juice since it was always hard for me to find a good smoothie in SC. And the rocking chairs in the central food court are great for passing the time."  i'm really impressed with all the food choices and lounges to have a drink and how courteous the people are. I would like to see a little more transportation inside to move the people along more rapidly because of the volume of traffic that's at the airport on a daily basis."  I would not mind being stuck here with all that this airport has to offer." Very charming and comfortable airport. Several good restaurants. Unfortunately it's home to a most unreliable airline.  including vegetarian.  That is a nice change from the other airports." "Poor food quality. Ordered the burrito which was not rolled correctly so it fell apart almost as soon as I started to eat it. The guacamole tasted stale and had the wrong consistency. The food was fast though "This airport was one of my layovers from Puerto and I loved it. The gate signs were well lit and it was hard to get lost. The different concourse were always easy to navigate to. Theu had rocking chairs in some of the common waiting areas and I thought that was so cool. There was a lot of food places on the US airways terminal which was awesome because I was starving. They have some cool decore [I can say these things...I'm from CLT!]" "Love this airport!  Always a helping hand and the restaurants are 4 star!  Cannot believe that they invested in great dining here but I am all for it.  Not sure about the reviewer that says it is chaos--are real International Airports are.  The great thing about this place is that Southern Hospitality abounds.  I am all for that and it is a good thing.  I have made this airport my home airport because I am a 100% road warrior traveler.  Yes  nice and helpful employees.  Can't ask for much more.   Thumbs up" rdRJ-3kDdiMiHaQLwDlL-w I also get my Bojangles fix when passing through here.   But let's keep that between us.   I don't want my trainer to find out." "This was was a very clean airport.  I was surprised.   They have a friendly gentleman in the restroom to guide weary male travelers to open urinals.   Quite a courteous fellow This airport is having a terrible time with the parking solution right now. they need to get this fix quickly. apparently they are rebuilding new parking decks so in order to park you have to park at the lots across some street and get on a suttle in order to get  back to the airport. so terrible if you are not just picking up and dropping off your friends and family. layover to change planes - pleasant new terminal - lots of upscale looking shops and restaurants - clean bathrooms - clean common areas - no outside noise. good for a break.  especially in the central area.  This airport does very well in making on time flights...I really can't remember the last time I was delayed here and I travel quite often." We had a connecting flight to MIami and we had to stay here for 1.5 hours.. very clean airport and lots of restaurants to choose from too..  and I must say this airport is one of the most excellent airports ive been to! The people who work here are so so pleasant and kind. And there a great variety of food options that are all close together."  Charlotte Douglas was a main stay for several years and is now a pass through for me as it is a US Airways hub. I love this airport. First - the array of rockers - Carolina Rockers of course - to sit and rock and people watch. The Grand Piano in the main area always seems to have someone tickling the ivories and it is wonderful. There are plenty of plugs around the airport to top off you cell phone or computer. There is free wireless. There are a number of food choices and some very friendly people serving. What more could you ask for? Well how about art. The mobile of all the planes from the history of aviation are in the main lobby Us airways is incompetent and unfit to call themselves an airline!  True story emergency landing and stuck in the airport for 4 hours with no answers!!! No one seems to know what's going on?  still tons of people. If you have a connecting flight out of CLT - put your running shoes on - because it's a long way from gate to gate and usually you'll have to rush to make your next flight." They had a lot of shopping options to keep you busy as well and a spa massage which is genius because I'm sure many people are achy after their flights! This was a pleasant change of pace and scenery from Newark airport which I'm used to."  not filthy. The seating areas would be better with more outlets. The staff was kind. I just wish instead of having to trek half a mile to get from one concourse to another that they'd add the train like in Atlanta because on my way back through I had maybe 10 minutes before my flight boarded and I had to go from B to E!" Easy to find your gate" Quickest airport I've been through! The precheck facility allows you to roll through with a jacket and shoes! Also no headache with taking your laptop out! Not bad for an airport layover. A fair amount of decent food options in the middle of the terminal and a few rocking chairs and ample seating for passengers as they await to board. Too bad US Airways merged with American - I don't think the frequency of flights out of CLT is going to last. If you can avoid checking your bags when flying into this airport - DO SO.  Worst baggage claim area I've ever experienced.  Over 45-minutes to get luggage.  is fine. The US Airways section is awwwful. I've flown through here twice in the last year. The first time I had to walk clear across the airport for my connecting flight (but I did get Bojangles... sooo... that's good!). The last time I flew through here (on my unintentional airport tour of the Southern US) was awful. So many cancelled flights  easy to follow foot traffic patterns and courteous staff." I was flying US Airways and taking it to Brazil Terrible service! The staff was not helpful what so ever.. Very rude! I will never fly from here again! The airport is easy to get around but after my terrible experience I won't return Clean airport with very friendly staff. Lots of different food and shopping spots for a smaller airport. Very nice airport a lot of selections of food we stopped at Sbarro's to grab something to eat. Shops and restaurants are scattered throughout the terminals  I suppose to the seasoned flyer that is normal. I also recently flew to BWI from here and have no complaints. The options for food are good here as well  maybe this airport is good. Maybe it should be named USAirways Charlotte international.   If you fly out of concourse A Nice and simple but efficint layout. Tons of food and drink options. The only downer are the hopelessly outdated furniture and floor carpeting in the waiting areas.. Even the U.S. Airways lounge was crowded."  but I can accept it in a first class restaurant.  Not in an airport.  Especially when they seemed to be more interested in arranging their display of mints and showcasing their little cups of mouthwash than actually cleaning the bathrooms." Nice airport with a good selection of shops and food.  It's a growing airport which is pretty large and has a large amount of passengers moving about.  Be sure to map your gates out in advance to make your travels smoother. International availability! Gotta love it. But for those making connections through CLT Its an airport....... they are constantly building and adding on to this airport. It is definitely growing and getting huge. "Charlotte has grown I remember when the airport was small now it's like a little city of it's own. I don't mind waiting for a plane here as they have plenty of places to eat and pass time. They made it look real nice and ""purdee"" inside so you feel like you're in a nice place unlike Newark or JFK which are boring as hell to me. I don't think the majority of passengers will be disappointed passing through here." "We stopped by this airport as a layover.  The terminal was quite modern and clean.  I liked that there were rocking chairs.  There were also plenty of food stands and stores.  That there are attendants in the restrooms is memorable.  The one I encountered cleaned the counters and greeted everyone who walked through the doors.  However  CLT is receiving the same ""tear it down and start again"" treatment.  This airport is special enough to have a Pinkberry considering not many of the airports house their own Pinkberry.  Of course they have a Chili's  lol. I've only had layovers here and can't comment on the check-in experience. However  the new construction has added a lot of new and pretty cool parking spaces whoohoo:]" Went on several websites to find a map that shows a baggage claim area location. There isn't.  Called several airlines they were unable to find anything. What's up with that.  bring your walking shoes."  this is one of the worst airports I can imagine.  Other than a Starbucks (w o seating) and a magazine shop  as some reviewers have done. The timeliness of flights run by all the various airlines is often - usually - not controlled by the airport. That's like blaming a mall for one of it's store's questionable return policies. It's not the mall's fault. Just my two cents worth!)."  etc is. Lots of different shops and food places and the bathrooms are always clean because they have attendants. Depending on what gate  places to sit all over   I always make it a point to fly through Charlotte when I can compared to Atlanta its a breeze !" TIP: It's crazy busy on Sunday afternoons and Monday mornings!" "Everything good in this airport is RUINED by the obnoxious level of loud music playing by terminal D7 at ""The Local Rustic Market"". I was unable to talk on the phone or hear any announcements about my flight status over the music. I asked if they could turn it down and the manager suggested I walk down the hall I had the worst time finding one of their long term parking lots. I felt like I was going in circles the whole time. It's a little run down and could definitely use some upgrades. I always stop at the body shop! It's also very clean and easy to navigate!"  I like it.  I park at Parkngo...with or without a reservation.  You barely have time to put on the parking brake before the staff is there with the van to carry your bags to the shuttle.  The airport itself 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  always friendly folks and usually not hard to get through TSA checkpoint." Been in three airports on our trip to North Carolina. I know it's summer. What happen to the air conditioning. They've lied if its about being GREEN. It's about the other green!!!  which only gave me 20 min to run from B terminal all the way to E terminal. There were so many people and our flight My only advice is to make sure you leave yourself enough time to get to each terminal  usually runs on time. Seems like they have a lot of new businesses coming in that are good Has stupidity reached a new all time high?" Great little airport. Now direct connection to Europe. Live piano music in terminal. Us airways hub. Rental car shuttles run every few minutes. Lots of charging stations for electronic devices. Airport is also small enough to make transfers easy. And can they do something about the annoying high-pitched beepers on the courtesy shuttles?" 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  and staff here were all friendly. I almost wished my layover was longer the last time Terrible airport for a layover. Walking from E40 something over to B6 should not be do laborious and definitely would be hard to do successfully with any shorter of a layover or if my other flight had not landed a smidge early. Not to mention half the moving walkways were not working. Will be avoiding layovers here in the future.  as well as food options within the airport's gates. One of the few airports that resembles a shopping mall more than an actual airport!" Future travelers the airport is a credit to  Charlotte."  no drama. If u have to lay over. Let it be here. I really like the way this airport is laid out. The food court is awesome and they had some one playing the piano. It wAs very soothing to me especially with the stress of getting from one side of the airport to the other. I really wish they had a tram for this but the food court made up for it."  and also some nice eateries.  Bathrooms were clean.  Airport information was helpful in locating the bus stop for long term parking.  The buses ran frequently and were large enough to accommodate a few families with luggage storage."   unlike some other large US airports it does not seem overcrowded. Check in is average. There are tons of delicious food options here. One of the best airports for food and shopping I've been too. Be prepared to walk a lot but at least you don't have to leave the building."  and a bit of a delay in getting to from the airport. Allow some extra time when flying in and out. Overall  but it felt like it was 90 degrees inside and I was sweating like crazy."  bt love the free wifi. So its even. Oh wait. parking is bad. too much traffic!"  PLEASE turn the damn AC on in EVERY terminal! It sucks when you get in an argument with the Sbarro cashier -- it sucks even more knowing that the heat is adding to your frustration!" There is a central food court that is fairly big and even features someone playing live music on a grand piano. The pathways to and from this area are equipped with moving walkways for your convenience. The place is air-conditioned well enough because it can get really hot in North Carolina even in September. And plus  a guy wants me to tip him in the bathroom?? He ain't wiping my ass!!! And typical 3 hr layover to get fricking anywhere! I hate this place...:)"  will review that separately. Starbucks is always crowded. Smattering of the usual airport shops. If you are in the mood for (window) shopping This is definitely an airport I want to come back to on future trips." Can you forgive me! When I go to Boston I have to go through here so learning to adjust."  crowded and bustling. But pretty well-run."  there are 4 employees standing around talking to you. I ask if you know how to run a register you say no..tell one of the other girls to start ringing and you leave. Your foul mouthed employee then proceeds to complain about what a dick you are and tells me it's not her job to bag the $20 shirt I just purchased.  People of the Charlotte airport  but do have to queue up for a bank of machines that take your picture and scan your passport.  The machine then spits out a ticket you give to the customs agent.  It is a bit of a melee Charlotte....silly Charlotte." WiFi seems to be sketchy at best" Well Charlotte is always busy but reasonably easy to navigate to your next gate if your lay over is here.  I have flown many miles and I like this airport a lot And wait... Did i just see a Brooks Brother store here too? Love it!! You wont be disappointed while waiting or connecting to your next flight!"  but this was the worst airport wifi experience I've had ... maybe ever. Huge waste of a layover." I have to say this beats LAX JFK any day. They have options for everything you would need when you travel. My grandson needed a outlet for his phone. Found one. Than my wife and I had to wait for our flight to FL we had food and wine. I went with friends from my old bowling league and we found a buffet. I went by myself and read a book while watching the planes take off.  I have traveled a lot in my life and this always is a good experience.  but when I do it's because it really sucks. This airport was probably last updated the same year an American stepped foot on the moon. The aesthetics are an awful addition to the awful modern commercial flying experience. The bathrooms are super outdated and small. Also I just think they should fix their outlet charging problem and put in new charging stations and if it's true that you have to pay for your wifi now  so you shouldn't feel extremely rushed to make it to the other side of the airport."  rocking chairs and the easy layout. My only other favorites are Long Beach and San Jose."  trying to park here to fly out for a business or leisure trip has been something out of a time vortex where nothing makes any sense.  The signs are not set up to streamline people coming to this airport to park and fly out.  I was almost late for a business flight since I was so confused on where to park and where to go.  Inside has a decent amount of restaurants and to my surprise designer shops.  More to my surprise is how these shops afford to stay open since most of their items for sale is beyond what anyone would pay for and there is never anyone in there.  Unsolved mysteries indeed."  travelers who work like to sit down and enjoy their meal while banging out some work and charging their equip. More restaurants with outlets and open before 7 for early travelers would go a long way to improving this place." Decent food choices but pick the right ones even if you have to venture into another terminal."  with seating also near outlets to charge your devices." Not enough time for food between connections I personally feel awkward with bathroom attendants present as well. I prefer not to have an audience."  so my review has been scaled down for that. We landed here at 9AM for a layover to Dominican Republic.  Chairs are not the worst ones I've seen  shops and several business centers.  What it lacks is a decent size rental car counter and larger waiting areas.  All in all...okay airport."  lazy and making a bad name for the South." "One of the smallest airport in the U.S.  Flew here for a short layover to Greenville (GSP).  Can't really stand small airport since all the planes are so small and me being 6'4"" is very difficult to sit comfortably in my seat.  Next time I'll fly into big airports." Daily parking is also relatively cheap and convenient compared to the prices at other ""hub"" airports. I'm looking forward to the completion of the additional parking which should alleviate the congestion and make my time in and out even faster."  just be sure to bring socks and a sweater!"  I'm now 2 for 2 in getting delayed an hour or more leaving this airport. They just don't want anyone to leave. Make sure you get on board with a fully-charged phone This place is better than a lot of others I had been in.  I would want to have a long layover here  this is a major hub and has decent food and shopping places. There are rocking chairs in the main terminal which is cute and there is an army of folks to help you find your way if you get lost." "Avoid this airport. Had a connecting stop here on our way back from Mexico and hated every minute of it. Had to collect our bags and go thru security again was a huge pain in the rear. After that no real food in the entire E concourse. Creepy bathroom attendants handing out Listerine and mints. Over crowded tiny gates with no place to sit or charge a phone. Any review that says this place is great seriously has not been anywhere. CLE 5) A few small eateries so you can at least get something quick before your flight" I always joke and say when you are flying from CLT you will feel like the plane is driving to the destination not flying." Not imprrssed by so many aspects of this airport." You will not be disappointed if you pass thru or make your final here." Get your act together." The food choices however are commendable. If you are hungry you owe it to yourself to seek out Carolina Pit Barbecue in the main terminal as it is the damn truth. Smoky CLT is in my opinion the best big hub airport in the country." "The airport in general gets a solid 3 stars (A-Ok)... but the staff here in all aspects cranked it up another star. I flew in via South West and out On my way back I had 15 minutes to get to my plane.  I suppose I should have asked one of the carts for help." Great aiport that loses two full stars because f***ing bathroom attendants. Air travel and the airport food isn't expensive enough? We need to remember to bring singles for a guy standing by the sink doing nothing we can't do ourselves? Except then there's that creepy guy who stands in front of your stall while you're trying to travel deuce... They are working to modernize this airport...it is showing signs of being in the 21st century...hopefully they will wrap up construction soon and it can function as such." Not a bad layout for a large airport.  Lots of convenience here.  Lots of places to shop and eat which makes it nice if you're having to lay over for more than an hour.  I don't like monster airports. Totally passable. Clean and compact. Not many amenities. Good place to connect to other lathers airports. 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  we were forced to walk across the Tarmac in the pouring rain with our luggage to get to the airport. No one assisted us or even apologized for the inconvenience. I will never fly through this airport again." It's designed in such a way where you don't feel like you're in an airport.  There's many coffee joints and restaurants all over.  Meaning you don't have to walk all the way back to find something to eat or snack on.  The way everything is place was smart.  Coffee on almost every corner.  Restaurants right next to the coffee places.  Carts every where to get miscellaneous things.  Bathrooms are clean and everywhere.  The floor is tiles and clean.  Everything here is clean and well rounded." There was a food court and an area that had rocking chairs. That was a first time that I've noticed rocking chairs in an airport. I didn't use them Nice airport that is well connected.  Not dirty and everyone was very helpful.  I feel we got through everything very quickly and did not struggle finding anything.  Has plenty of good places to eat or drink at which is a huge plus on the big layovers. I have to stop here on my way back to Providence from ATL and really bummer by this."  people!!! either hand out some blankets or crank the heat. it's mid-december  many shopping and food options and some of them are quite good. An additional appeal is the rocking chairs that are placed throughout the walk throughs. They are a great and relaxing diversion to while away times for departure delays and cancellations." "This is by far the worst airport ever. We have went to 3 different food place to eat and have had a bad experience at all of them. The first one took over  an hour tonget our drink order then came back and said oh you have 5 minutes to order I said ok I'll take this sandwich ""oh we don't have it or this or this "" that was a larger portion of the menu so we said well I guess we are not eating here finished our drinks had to go ask for the check and meantime I saw our server dig in the trash for silverware and not wash his hands before grabbing food! The bk and taco place was also awful workers seemed extremely rude and bk took 15 min but the food was right there the whole time. Just don't eat here stay away avoid at all cost !"  so it's likely a better domestic airport. Free wifi so that's always a plus! We had a short layover and had to go straight to the gate. Not too many food options but there was an Einsteins bagels which was fast  and it only took about 10 minutes. I thought that I'd have to change terminals but nope! Great shops and restaurants I can't comment on security since I was only here for a connecting flight."  the food vendors are decent but lack on healthy eating spots (I try to eat well since I'm about to sit on a plane) and most importantly  but it's not nearly as good as its competitors." Well kept facilities highlight this airport but it is a ZOO!!! I avoid CLT at all costs because of the food lines and crowded terminals where it feels like everyone is in a rush to go nowhere. If youre a USAirways frequent flier then this place typically has less delays than PHL... But you pay for it in the crowds They also have free wifi & water filters. Overall And free wifi is just the best. Till next time!" Pretty decent airport.  Rocking chairs everywhere giving a quaint look. Pretty laid back and people are nice. None of the higher end stops we see in SF or JFK "I was not going to write a review of this airport and catch my breath a little but Charlotte's airport is just too good not to review. It's all classed up with modern architecture and the burger bar I'm at as a wonderful selection of draught wheats like I love. I don't know when I'll be laid over here again because I usually prefer direct flights from New York to New Orleans. However  particularly the ones at US Airways.  I've flown with them most of my life and don't have too many complaints.  The layout of CLT is okay Good place to have a layover."  Man...The reason I give it 4 stars is because I'm on vacation. I would give it a 5 if I didn't have to go from concourse F to concourse C  this is not a bad airport for a layover." Travel slit but don't normally go through Charlotte airport. It needs the refurbished and enlarge terminals.  Not enough sets and it's like going back to the 80s. Ugly nasty concourse e  I love flying to and from Charlotte." "Great food options and everyone is so friendly. The rocking chairs are a nice touch. They are so friendly that there is a restroom attendant excuse me a "" toiletries engineer"" ready to assist you with washing your hands or whatever after completing your business in the restroom. I am old enough and confident enough to carry out what I need to do in this particular instance of my life. Nice idea but I don't think it's needed. Reminds me of certain clubs where the attendant is holding the paper towels hostage so I am forced to grab a bunch of napkins. Call me cheap but no adult needs help with this. Still great airport and you can't beat the outstanding speed on their free WiFi." Best part? WIFI! FREE WIFI. Easy to connect to wifi and spend your layover  wait watching netflix or actually getting work done. Any airport that recognizes we live in the 21st century and should have access to free wifi is a winner in my book." A slightly chaotic but convenient airport.  Has many bars and eateries for the hungry traveler.  You'll also see flight clubs for the elite traveler.   This is a mega hub for the airline so you'll have many shopping options during your visit. I wasn't here long enough for anything to make this airport particularly nice This really is one of my favorite airports to connect through. It's small enough that you can wander around a bit unless you're going out of E.. and if you are 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg "Had a few layovers here in the past. Nice. Bigger than columbus I was in a rush to get to my gate so I utilized to moving walkways that are located throughout the airport. Definitely nice to have when you're pregnant and have swollen feet."  I'm sure I'll be back." Scored the short line at the scanners.   It is key to look for the short lines.  Usually at the first station at drop off. Flew through here going to Paris. It was a terrible experience. Lol. I was having really weird pains in my lady parts almost cramping and I was really sick and everyone was giving me the stink eye. And the security people had no compassion when they saw me basically limping. Full of rotten people. The only thing that was nice was the bojangle chicken and biscuits They are doing some construction and renovations and making this place bigger and better (including the parking)."  Charlotte is to US airways. This time while connecting to NYC saw this guy napping with this hoodie  on a Valentines Day morning." The security lines at each terminal were a little crazy and each time I went to one there was an employee standing there suggesting I walk down to the next for a shorter wait. My gate was B and I ended up at the E security check point. So frustrating but at least I made my flight!" Came here in a good mood and when I leave I'll sorta be dreading having to come back through here. Just saying. But kudos for free wifi "This airport is getting better.  I had to fly to Charlotte to make a connection and thought for sure I was walking 10 miles to my next flight.  Surprisingly Nice airport and plenty of food options to choose from in terminal B! Very annoying that the gate people try talking over each other doing gate announcements. Few could understand anything they said.  They need to send their management to dfw or Stapleton"  my complaints are with the airline."  probably due to the bathroom attendants in practically every facility. The food selection isn't the greatest. The white rocking chairs really make you realize you're down south (or at least not in NYC anymore). Overall The whole airport needs a refresh.  It's out of date and feels like 1991.  It's pretty gross.  Not Philadelphia gross but pretty bad.  The Admirals Club near C is descent and the 4 or 5 shops on your way to D and E arenice.  Everything else is pretty bad.  The new American should take their business to another city  if Charlotte doesn't don't update. "I would give CLT 5 stars if it weren't for the painfully slow baggage claim. I always dread it when I have to check bags on my trip to CLT because I know it will be at least 30 minutes before I can get it. Great improvements are happening at the airport (runways Stay was short snd sweet...just the way i like it"  onto the runway. I didn't even waste my time to file a claim. Didn't have have the energy to debate and hear the usual...""we don't know if it was like that before. We're not responsible."""  CLT isn't a bad one. There's quite a bit to entertain you. Restrooms are clean and wifi is decent. Thumbs up!"  was able to catch a professional pianist playing some really amazing pop and classical songs. Some beautiful layouts of design and very easy to get from end to end if you have a connection!" "I have been in and out of a lot of airports I like the layout here everything is opened and easy to find more than enough charging stations and clean bathrooms I love going to this airport. I've been to many airports in my day but Charlotte has the very best airport of all the time. The food is awesome and the whole building is clean.  the nonsensical adventure to baggage and the longest wait for baggage I've ever had. That's saying something considering I travel 80% of the year." I live near this airport. They are working on the parking situation but can't give it 5 stars since the driving around the airport is confusing the roads are changing and hard to follow "This is one of the best airports for a long layover BUT if it is a short one and you have to go from E to any other gate you better be ready to hustle. But they have tons of shops This is my favorite airport to fly into and out of for both international and domestic flights. The staff is always very friendly and helpful plus everything is very well marked. There's a few bars to grab some preflight drinks and some rocking chairs with views so you can waste some time. "This airport made an impression on my from the beginning. The amazing atrium with the rocking chairs and piano music adds a touch of elegance that harkens back to the golden era of travel. Lines were unfortunately long and this airport seems subject to a disproportionate number of folks who are still somehow unaware of TSA regulations  but there were some shops nearby selling food. The signs were also pretty good at getting me from one terminal to another." Some chairs are still old.  If they get to renovate a little  all the bottled drinks are $3. I know they charge extra in the airport because we can't bring drinks in with us. But this type of markup is wrong."  this airport is a relief compared to JFK and LGA. It felt great to be out of the airport so smoothly. The way home was just as easy." Although I only been here three times I can say that this airport is always busy. The bathrooms are clean and they have a lot of restaurants and shops to choose from Decent Airport.  Had alot of things to eat but was also rather big and crowded for a city as small as Charlotte.  clean and in good repair. Excellent food offerings. Plenty of places to charge your devices. Super nice staff." I even got to take a ride in the baggage mobile  Be prepared for quite a walk if you are flying a smaller connecting flight..."  and overall they seemed a little cramped.   The bathrooms were small and overall dirty.  The food options were hit or miss.  The boarding areas were pretty tight as well.  It's a US Airways hub so of course there will be issues My biggest gripe about the CLT airport is that it is a US Airways hub so you would think you would be able to get great deals on flights out of here that may even be a direct to your destination  put my wife and I (obviously on our honeymoon) in the family with small kids line. The jerk who the triple checked by bag purposely waited an extra ten minute (when no other bags had to be examined) just to piss me off." "Certainly one of the better airports I've flown through. An abundance of rocking chairs; unique eateries that aren't a Burger King; some retail and service establishments (nails This one has lot of good food choices." Only had a layover here on my way to Jamaica.  Airport is not hugs and the lines for food can get a little crazy. Bring your patience and you'll be just fine.  always windy which makes for hairy take off's and landings...This has happened every time I fly into CLT."  the worst I have ever seen in all of my travels ... And that includes my travels to 27 states and nearly 30 countries of the world.  The wait is absolutely unacceptable.  If there was such a thing as a choice of airports where I live  gates are always full.  It seems as though we always taxi a long distance for arrivals and departures.  I only have layovers here so cannot speak to traffic and parking.  Be sure to allow AT LEAST an hour for transfers.  I am usually running from E gates to C or B gates."  we were 2 tables away from an American Airlines Captain  and an F O who were also having breakfast. I was shocked at the foul language coming from both of them. Countess F bombs and just general lack of professionalism I would have expected from from AA. But  it's pretty average.  There are stands where travelers can charge their phones.  The food selection inside the terminal is pretty good as well I had a layover at this airport.  Seemed very clean and the staff was nice and helpful.  Plenty of good food options.  Bathrooms were clean. Food choices are abound here. Plenty of restrooms that are clean (despite the dude hawking the mouthwash cologne etc). Main complaint would be there idea of planning. Let's schedule 6 big jets to board at roughly the exact same time in the same area. There were SOOO many people in the small end of a terminal it felt claustrophobic and dangerous.  I have to say the airport itself is beautiful and not so large as to be overwhelming. I landed with about 15 minutes to make it to another terminal I'm updating this review as my last review due to me being a newb to Charlotte.  Charlotte-Douglas International has opened a new parking garage which is close enough to the airport that you do not have to take shuttles.  I'm now able to navigate my way around the airport and know where I am going.  Note that this came with experience.  Considering the construction that is going on at this time I think it can still be confusing for new comers. Best airport I've ever been to. The workers at security were extremely polite and there was no line! The facilities were very clean and there was a nice variety of food and shops to choose from. I had the best chicken salad sandwich I've ever had at Bella cafe (? I hope I'm remembering that correctly). Great experience especially since we were sad to be coming back home from vacationing in Charlotte. "Stopped here on a layover on my way to Jamaica. It's your typical airport but I appreciated it's cleanliness "I have flown out of this airport numerous times. I've always had a pleasant experience. This time I used southwest airlines A nice touch - Delta had an employee pushing a cart with mini bottles of Dasani water as we waited for our luggage at the wrong carousel. That was nice."  I decided to thank both this airport as well as the U.S. airways gate boarder (whatever you call those people in the green vests that help assist board the planes.) Do they work for the airline or the airport? O_o" New Improvements are Improving well!  Hardly a Norman Foster + Associates Design WE DONT NEED RESTROOM ATTENDANTS WATCHING ME PEE TRYING TO MAKE SMALL TALK WHILE I PEE SO I GIVE THEM MONEY. This practice is insulting to everyone involved. Every time I come here there's a poor looking gentleman in the men's room trying to hand me a paper towel and get a buck. No other airport I've seen does this and their restroom is just as clean. Also there are over weight angry women aggressively driving golf carts around. I couldn't make this up. I was walking to a terminal and this women started yelling BEEP BEEP at me driving up on me in a golf cart designed to transfer handy cap people but was full of what looked like overweight lazy people but I can't complain too much about them bc that will be me soon after eating from their extensive restaurant choices. There are many great available restaurants here. The flights seem to be on time and out of the estimated 30 times I've been here I've only had 2 gate changes. All in all a good airport.  and was so shocked to see they have a bathroom greeter who also cleans the whole thing like every five minutes while also providing water to guests... In the bathroom! We so don't have anything like this in Seattle LOL homegirl even accepts tips!!! Outside of the bathroom though 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  it's not a huge airport and they have rocking chairs to sit in. They have a few southern places to eat at like my favorite Bojangles and they even have a Pink Berry. I came across a few employees who weren't that friendly but that's okay because they were working and I was on my way to St. Lucia! On my way back from St. Lucia Customs tried to bust me but the joke was on them because I didn't have anything  Also North Carolina still has that backward ways of thinking when it comes to the color of your skin so keep that in mind." Always liked this airport. Not to big but not to small either. Plenty of food options. Nice modern art. They do a good job at keeping it clean. My two favorite spots are the USO long and the rocking chairs. The USO is top notch. You can tell they put a lot of work into it. This airport is kind of crappy and old in general. I'm glad I had to run through between flights. Wouldn't recommend flying through here if you can avoid it... Not if you are on USAir you can't :)  but there still is a bunch of room for improvement.  My one star will hopefully change that! :-)" Man this airport is bigger than I remember. Very few moving sidewalks or other means of moving to & from other terminals efficiently. People were running everywhere you looked to make their connections.  I hate this airport."  then make sure to take some time to explore the local cuisine." "Not too much to say about an airport other than it seems to transition from one concourse to another. Many moving sidewalks which kept my son entertained moving from one plane to another. Employees were phenomenal as well as the restaurants available in E Concourse. If you get a chance  and did miss my latest connection from Heathrow to MSP for the same reason. Customs was shockingly efficient but I still missed it. Never again. I will pay more to not have to worry about that in other airports." "This airport was not bad at all.  The layout is a little annoying but the tsa was actuality pretty fast here.  The car rental center was a little confusing to get to. The service here was fast and friendly.  It's US airways main hub Just got back from a vacation in Jamaica and was pleased at the customer service we received going through customs in Charlotte. I have read many reviews that say otherwise. But I would like to say our experience was great! Friendly and helpful people working the place-  all in all a good airport to use." The construction gave us an impromptu tour of the airport while we tried to return our rental car. We didn't come in the main entrance and there were signs for rental car return all along the road until we came to a fork in the road and there was no guidance on which way to go. We chose poorly and ended up driving around the place. Coming in through the main entrance Huge airport . I hate connecting flights . Seriously I get out in gate E and had to walk w my honey all the way to the other side of the airport to gate c . It took a good 20-30 mins to get across . By the time We got to the gate we had 10 mins till boarding . Didn't have anytime to stop to eat . Grabbed a Jamba  juice fast . Make connecting flights closer  friendly folks but the basic need of internet access has been completely overlooked. This is a basic need of business and non-business travelers alike. Internet is very cheap and should be provided accordingly. Someone at Charlotte Douglas International Airport has really dropped the ball I noticed a lot of the planes disembarking right on the runway - thought that was unique odd." The food selection is awesome and they have plenty of moving sidewalks to get you through the chaos faster!" "CLT was once quaint and welcoming. It is no longer. The ""courtesy"" cart drivers act like they transferred from PHL. There is often an out of service moving sidewalk. The urinals are always dirty because there isn't enough water to flush. I am considering switching airlines so I no longer have to connect through CLT. It is a dump."  U.S. Airways gate agents in terminal e(especially at e15) and the pizza restaurant all need to be trained in customer service." The terminals are close enough.. No need to worry about skytrain transfers - phew! Clean toilets with mints to freshen up  this is a pretty simple airport.  I noticed too they have plenty of Starbucks I've travelled around the world and I have to say that this airport has the rudest TSA. It's sad to think people are treated better in foreign countries than here in a place they call home. The TSA at this airport takes the hold from bullying the elderly to nasty comments  but that's a given for an airport.  I love the rocking chairs set up by all the windows!  There are quite a few stations to plug in your devices  much do to layovers rather than leaving from or going to destinations. With that being said I have been to a few terminals and gates ad Charlotte Douglas International and for the most part have no complaints about the airport. Professional  but very welcoming lady's in the bathroom handing out candy and mouthwash."   people seem friendly  but the airport seems narrow so it looks crowded." Food options are pretty good. I think the choices in terminals themselves are better than in the main atrium." My first time experience here wasn't too bad. It's an airport; there's nothing really exciting when you are shoveling around to catch the connecting flight. I give it five bc there was a lady in the bathroom that made sure stalls were ready for use and cleaned what was dirty. I got lost and a lady was there to my rescue. Yay!  there were lots of cute dudes just wandering around. Just saying. These are the things that really matter." "Has anybody ever caught a connection here that was on time? It's a great place if you want a cardio workout There are a lot of food places to choose from and a few shops to peruse if you need to kill time during a layover. It's clean and fairly thoughtfully laid out with plenty of seating and no shortage of outlets for charging devices. It's decently large though so if possible "Worst airport experience. If you are picking someone up and their flight gets delayed prepare to wait in baggage with a small newspaper kiosk and bathrooms and nothing else. There's no restaurant outside security except a Starbucks. Why can't they realize that people either picking someone up and waiting around or waiting with someone who is about to board a plane would like to visit before heading to security. Maybe put in an Applebee's or Chilis outside security...that place would make a lot of money. Seems like a good idea. Oh wait this is Charlotte NC It's an airport.  At least it has more people working than in CAE were I'm from.  Long term parking is pretty cheap ($5 day).  Lots of direct flights.  if not more. Given that the post security accommodations tend to get less fanfare than pre-security." I landed internationally and had to make it through customs and security in less than an hour-twenty to make my connection.  Maybe being seated towards the front helped  and still was able to make it from Concourse B to E in plenty of time to board my final flight. Thank God for the people movers! I always like going here. The staff is incredibly friendly and there are plenty of little shops and restaurants to visit if you have a lengthy layover." The bad: I sit in airplanes on the Tarmac without a gate after landing way more often here than anywhere else. It has been that way for years. It caused missed connections. You would that could be addressed?"  stay in the airport. The surrounding area is pretty crappy."  but are acceptable. I am not sure if there is free WiFi or not."  TCBY and a Dale Jr. restaurant are all present. Celebrity sightings are a regular thing. You'll probably get bumped by a packed full courtesy cart - nobody over the age of 80 can walk this epic stretch of 70s carpeting." This midsized airports is my favorite layover destination." UPDATE CHECK IN 2:  There are plenty of restaraunts and places to stop to drink and eat.   Airport is very clean and surprisingly big. Not as cold as time before.   They earned themselves 2 more starts after a 30 minute walk around"  I just had some bad experiences here. Just be sure to give yourself much more than a 45 minute to an hour layover time."  there's a little more construction done. It's a breeze to pull in and drop off. Parking to come in with someone flying out is a different story. No places even remotely close to park. The new entrance to airport from 85 is Little Rock Road.You can still go Billy Graham Parkway but this is quicker.Brings you past car park lots and cell phone lot right to terminal. The terminals themselves are very nice  the TSA employee decided it would be a good idea to have a five-minute friendly chat with the people in front of me before they put their stuff on the conveyor belt.  Airport security is not the place for socializing! Some of us would actually like to get home to our families.  Needless to say  just a number no big deal forget customer service or even compassion. We then waited in long long lines at the security systems that scanned our passports and then to the immigration desk. Then re-checkin luggage and went through security line again. Now we know why they needed 3 hr layover time. So we boarded the next plane to DCA only to be told there was an issue with engine sucking oil at a greater speed than expected so we had to deplane and wait for another plane for 2 more hours. Total travel of what could be 5 turned into almost 12 hrs. Note to self to avoid this airport at all costs."  you're usually on a 10-15 minute minimum delay when departing- probably due to the high volume of flights??? Anyways  all of the runways are north south so you have an awesome view of the city if you're on the correct side of the plane." I especially loved walking through the concourse between gates where there were rocking chairs beneath trees. This was BEAUTIFUL and very southern feeling. Much nicer than the chaos from the previous airport I'd been to a few hours earlier. I enjoyed my brief visit." - quick ride to downtown :)" My first and last time at this airport."   so beware. The sad thing is that ""who ever you are"" you make it bad for your co-workers who really deserved theirs jobs.. I'm giving it one star not because of the airport  the lines are always super long and I saw non US citizens get through quicker without having to use machine scan for passport. What? After going through all of that I was forced back through TSA to have my luggage scanned again and then off to find my gate. A 45 minute layover will not allow you enough time if you are connecting from an international flight. Be warned!  While I love the airports beautiful up keep and variety of businesses  not a big deal. BATHROOM ATTENDANTS?  Is this real or am I having an involuntarily hallucinogenic trip that I didn't know about or possibly a stroke? This has to be a reality show hidden camera experiment. I'm at the airport and there is a bathroom attendant with mints "Always so busy coming through here.  People bumbling about and not enough space for them to do so.  The layout causes a lot of congestion and being  a hub for some major airlines  it was nice. The flight attendant who was riding standby said the food is good and the best prices around."  but handles the cars and buses much better. Over the last few years they've added a new runway and plan on another one soon. My hope is that Charlotte understands growth and is able continue to improve their services as it happens. I don't know if that is possible "They have bathroom attendants now. It threw me off guard when I walked in. She had your typical mouthwash  I would definitely try one of the many sit- down restaurants. It was a nice place to have a layover." Delayed flights all around and sharing seating with another gate is ridiculous. Had to watch my step or else I would've stepped on someone. Only redeeming thing was Bojangles. The only thing that's negative about this airport is the baggage claim area. You'll wait forever! Plus they do not let you know where to go to find your bags until the belt starts moving which creates a group gathering at the tv monitor."  interracial & retiree neighborhood to dump its jet noise and exhaust on. Catawba Heights NC was a quiet community until 12 2014 when a new concentrated low altitude departure path was directed through it. This new airport flight path design harms children's health and shortens the lives of seniors all to (supposedly) save the airlines a few dollars in fuel expense. $s for human life."  in-and out very easily. Easy to get around and many dining options to buy some food before a flight." Anywho... Safe travels people" "The actual airport is great. The workers however suck balls. I dropped a loved one off at the drop off area. As I hopped back onto my car 30seconds later I was yelled at by security to move forward. Wow to the fact that I am dropping a loved one off and can't even watch them walk onto the sidewalk let alone add an address into my GPS. Anyway A nice airport with lots of great dining options. This airport is pretty modern and has a lot of daily traffic. My only complaint is that it is spread out horizontally and it always seems like my connection is at the other side of the airport. Be sure to give yourself plenty of time to connect because if you get delayed it may be hard to reach your connecting gate in time. The 1st copilot has apparently gone missing and our plane is delayed. I expect to see him sprinting down Concourse E shortly." There's lots of seating to be found. There are even rocking chairs! Which I love. The airport's got free wi-fi so you won't get too bored while you wait for your flight. I've never had any issues with rude staff or security here. Overall I once saw George Foreman here!  :) #mylameclaimtofame" Compared to the other nearby hubs (cough The rocking chairs that line the concourse are a nice touch as are the attendants and the mints and mouthwash in the restrooms (don't forget to leave a tip--it must be a demanding job)."  bathroom attendants that like to watch you pee or they enjoy the casual  talk while you take a crap.  You board the planes like you did back in the 50s outside in the rain and snow.  My flights average  93% late on arrivals and departures "Word to the wise. Park yourself. These idiots at business valet and curbside valet can't figure anything out. Do nOt tip first before car return. 3 tries An odd note - they have rocking chairs you can sit in lol I didn't get a chance to try them The terminal that houses US air is pretty cramped as far as all the gates next to each other and announcements can be a little confusing!" Their general concourse piano player could use so tuning up though." Flight was delayed leaving for 35 minutes due partially to US Airways poor planning and a big backup for take-off. Apparently that's common looking at a flight tracker and average departure times." "I have never had a smooth experience here - be it an hour wait on the runway or having to bolt thru the airport full-speed to make my connection Maybe I will be able to update when I spend more time... Lol!"  and people watch. Also nice is the American Airlines Admirals Club if you are lucky enough to have a membership. Good coffee I had to walk all the way to E21 Gate. We need Shuttle Service here. Other than that it's Great  shop or all of the above. Pending on the time you have before boarding. So if you ever have to come to Charlotte or go thru CLT for travel "It was a smooth checkin . No delays with the flight. Plane staff were professional and courteous. I slept through most of the flight PS: Free Wi-Fi for 45 minutes!" Headed home. The airport is clean and easy to navigate - great access to rental cars and a decent collection of food options. The rocking chairs in the main terminal - they definitely rock.  it's not the biggest airport  you'd think they would serve you a bit faster. There are a lot of options to choose from in each terminal. There's signs and maps everywhere. I also appreciate the layout for being easy to navigate. The only downfall in my opinion  and all the terminals are connected so you never have a Denver type situation where you're panicking waiting for the tram. The walkway in the terminals is very wide  natural light. Love the long line of traditional rocking chairs set out under trees. Why not set a spell and enjoy a sweet tea Need more working USB connections for the American Airlines waiting rooms. And it wouldn't hurt if there were more electrical outlets as well. Nice airport with all that you would need for an airport. Check in and security lines seem to be no issue when I've flown from here. Mostly clean from what I've noticed.  you'll also begin to notice rocking chairs in public places and start laughing for no reason. Example: Northlake Mall. I love the South." Free flowing crowd -- hospitable staff and a Starbucks nearby -- Winning!! I love that there multiple seating areas around for when you get exhausted from walking   flight  with fast access to car rentals. The only thing I found missing was a Chick-Fil-A." Good airport lots of food options security line moved quick but was thorough and easy to get in and out of. Flying in bags came super fast which was nice.  Overall enjoyable trip to and from this airport. What makes this place unique is their numerous rocking chairs available Worst wifi of any airport! Do your customers at KCLT a favor and dump Boingo wireless as the wifi provider. They provide very poor wifi unless you pay them an outrageous fee for premium wifi. Other businesses charging such rates would be shut down and the owners tossed in prison! Dump Boingo or 1 star forever!  and free Wi-Fi.  The only complaint I have is if you are flying in a small plane from somewhere nearby to make a connection for a longer flight  it's possible you'll miss your connection just because you couldn't hall yourself across the airport fast enough on your own two feet." Go Charlotte. Go Charlotte Douglas airport!" "Large airport with lots of flights to many cities.  American (USAIR previously) ""owns"" the place since it is their hub. There are many restaurants and shops. You can have a hike between gates.  Most times my walk was between .5 and .9 miles.  Thank you fitbit.  They have moving sidewalks.  Food is not as expensive as Atlanta." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  to a maze of ropes for no reason. Is there an Airport 101 consulting company that can come out and fix this airport???"  from what I saw of the airport as it blurred past me was: rocking chairs  staff is very helpful. The restaurants and pubs inside are very nice and off quite the variety of food types. They also offer many local beers in a few spots throughout the airport. Security is pretty flawless and quick." Staff around the airport is very friendly also.  I suggest if you need to connect somewhere to your final destination "Meh...not my favorite NC airport but it does the trick.  The line for security is always horrendously long...more so than Greensboro or Raleigh Durham.  There are decent food options and usually plenty of seating at most of the gates.  I'm not a fan of the long term parking situation because I really don't like shuttles...but they are building more parking garages close to the terminal  the airport looked quite nice." a bit congested and the golf carts shuttling peeps around were constantly getting stopped with all the congestion.  outdated decor.  not enough seats by the gate area.  lots of selection to grab a bite.  made it feel like more than an airport.  There were shops and food options to keep me interested and fed while waiting for my flight.  The TSA was actually quite efficient - thank you for having a proper TSA Pre-Check line!"  some of Charlotte's best food is here. The new market by terminal A features all the best beers and raw bar (so you don't have to venture to terminal D to get your last NoDa beer on tap before you leave Charlotte. There's a big daddy's burger bar for the best burger in town and of course bojangles if your craving for fried chicken kicks in. All in all  especially when traveling from north. Good to stretch legs  good dining selections.  Oppressively warm (for December) in the terminal departing to UK though...someone open a window."  and listened to the pianist. There were several options to eat and some shops. People were friendly. The bathrooms have awesome attendants. It's clean. If this is any indication of the Charlotte vibe "This is a nice airport with a reasonably fast security checkpoint. I flew Delta and they were woefully understaffed at their counters which slowed me down quite a bit. Other than that  on the plus side there are many many restaurants and boutiques and mainland stores for the shoppers heart. There's also a yummy Starbucks at almost every terminal Here is the deal. American check c closest to my gate was 1st class only (no pre check either) so I trekked to the next which required back tracking. There are no overhead signs warning you of this . Waste of time. Then I go to the bathroom and there are attendants looking for tips? Is this a night club or an airport? Horrible avoid the American terminal at all cost! Charlotte's airport make traveling and connecting a very smooth and agreeable experience :) thank you!"  or leaving the airport. Always being captive inside the airport waiting on my next flight I have found this airport to be satisfactory. The center part where the main food court is has rocking chairs and sometimes entertainment. Overall the food options are adequate. This facility does not have a tram or rail system so you have to walk wherever you go. There are moving escalators that help but this is still a sprawling airport and be sure to allow enough time to get from one end to the other." I'm not a big fan of this airport." They have a broad array of restaurants and the security was much better than that of EWR or JFK. Overall a really good experience" uQjOgpHV49tmZNmbXyXL7Q I napped for a couple of hours behind the gate podium at E1.  Then sat in a rocking chair by farmers market listening to the nice music watching the smiling people walk by"  this airport is always an experience. Unfortunately if I want to go home But if you are weirded out by bathroom attendants and tip jars No communication here what so ever.  The flight changed twice already and the idiots at the gate are just as pathetic. Do your damn job.  I would prefer this airport over the other international airports in NC SC GA."  that about sums it up. Yeah."  and I normally arrive at my destination Gate thirsty and sweating profusely.  Every time I go through here I arrive at Gate C and my departing flight is at Gate E.  It makes for a lot of peeps getting to their connecting flights late and unhappy Everything else here was ho hum after traveling from Vegas.  The bathrooms here also seemed to be always broken or being cleaned.  I don't know what that is all about.  This is the biggest reason for their 3 star.  They would be lower if it wasn't for the cinnamon roll under the plane while rocking.  Most people in airports need to learn to slow down and take it all in.  I think they will enjoy life more."  but most likely it's due to an un-thorough reading of the signage...  Starbucks near Gate A is pretty quick and gets you in and out.  My only dislike is all of the baggage claim exits except one are open after 9pm.  Most of the time I arrive back on a late flight and have to take a long journey just to get to baggage claim as the other exits are closed- this is really tedious if you arrive at any of the ""E"" gates.  Oh yeah Ok it's an airport and TSA is involved so that pretty destroys an resemblance and easiness and normalacy. Once through security you have plenty of choices for good food and drinks. It's an airport so it ain't gonna be cheap so be prepared. Our flight from Charlotte left on time; boarding was easy. Overall I really liked this modern airport. I wouldn't mind another NC layover."  I have been to waaaay worse. Everyone clogs up at the c security checkpoint when D & E are virtually empty."  and shopping. I was almost disappointed that our layover was too short to explore the airport because it was so nice!"  there is hardly ever a wait down at the E security entry point...especially for pre-check."  lots of signs and clear locations. The layout is simple. Nice I had a lay over here and is actually a bigger airport than I expected. It was easily to navigate around terminals since I had a short layover. I noticed a lot of variety for food and drinks while here but didn't get a chance to get anything. My brother arrived  today from Germany and was ordered around by immigration at your airport. Plenty of open booths without lines but no he had to wait in line to show his passport while officers were too busy attending to their cell phones or bossing arriving foreigners. He is a businessman leaving lots of money in your city. Not a nice welcome especially on NFL playoff day. Hopefully Lufthansa will terminate flying to a city that does not welcome German nationals.   and they have no clue about how to move people through. I apps this whenever possible.  Casual travelers actually love it "My first time at Charlotte Douglas Airport. Very nice. Why had a wheelchair in our party and not only did the attendant help us with our luggage I think the bathrooms are too small and cramped.  Not sure what I think about the ""bathroom attendants.""  They are ready for upgrading."  their quick and frequent free shuttles connecting  folks between parking lots to the airport. Staffs are generally friendly and helpful. Lots of new constructions going on lately for improvements. They also offer 45 minutes of free WiFi." I like this airport. It's modern with many shops and restaurants. The central terminal is a hub of activity and great for people watching. The real trees and rocking chairs are a nice touch. Music plays at a tolerable volume. The five concourses branch out from the terminal. Very walkable airport with quick & easy car rentals - and no bus to ride.  drove right away. It wasn't a busy time and no cars were waiting for my spot but I understand they need to keep it moving. I pulled out and away and realized I didn't know which way I was headed so I moved towards the end and pulled over to SAFELY put the address in the nav. 45 seconds later he walks alllll the way down to yell at me and say he's giving me a ticket because he told me once and if I needed to put that in my nav I should have done it at the other end. I told him again I just needed to put the address in the nav system because I didn't know where I was and how to get there and his response was that he was going to give me a ticket. I then asked him if he could just tell me which direction to go - he only cared about telling me he was giving me a ticket because he mentioned it three more times." My home airport. It's always fun to people watch. I typically don't spend a lot downtime here and never have a connection since I fly from and back. I love the rocking chairs. They give a glimpse of southern charm. The restrooms throughout the airport are also some of the cleanest I know. They all have attendants who clean and wipe down surfaces frequently. There is free WiFi as well throughout for 45 minutes." My home airport. It's always fun to people watch. I typically don't spend a lot downtime here and never have a connection since I fly from and back. I love the rocking chairs. They give a glimpse of southern charm.  grab something quick and typical airport convenient stores. It's larger than I thought but getting around wasn't an issue at all. I wouldn't mind traveling through here again." This is the longest I've ever waited to get through security and they refused to open another lane. And I'm from NEW YORK! They were blaming it on people not taking liquids out of their bags but I saw them Turning the machines on and off and just laughing and taking their time. They do realize this is an airport and everyone is generally pretty stressed out as it is. They could be more efficient and more considerate. It's not our fault you work for the TSA and are miserable. It was as if they saw how long the line was and didn't care. Unfortunate. Really unfortunate.  and so are the airline employees (again for the most part). You can find anything you're craving  we all waited while the belt was halted until someone brought more plastic bins to place our belongings in. We BARELY made our connecting flight PS. Taking a cab was very easy and quick than in the others airports that I have been in this country." They have white rocking chairs all over the place and it's fun to see folks using them. It instantly gives a different vibe." Rocking chairs are throughout the airport to kick back and calm your nerves while you wait for your flight. This is my home airport and it's always an easy go getting through security in a reasonable amount of time. Parking...3-6 days use the Daily East West Deck. Longer use the long term parking but allow an extra 15 minutes for travel to the airport. Be advised when you get back the Daily East West deck buses cycle through three times the rate as the others so it costs more but faster." This airport has many airlines to get you to your wide array of destinations on your next family fun or business trip." Nothing really bad to say about the terminal I was in." "They took WAY too long to deliver luggage for a small airport; I'm from Atlanta and they'd never keep up.  With that being said they offered water and mints while waiting which goes a long way.  I also don't like the moving walkways  look for the security check point that is marked the same as your terminal. It will get you there that much quicker."  just leave time in-between connections. Can be quite busy as a hub  Yes there will be nice TSA agents. Its an airport. The new parking structure is nice. Long term takes a Long term to reach via the shuttle. I always fly American for work so having the American Hub here is nice. And they just extended their contract to keep their hub here! Whoo! Overall I would say that there are more nice people working here than rude. Its nothing like JFK or Chaicago staff. Much more ""Southern Charm"" like." "Overly crowded.  Often see people sitting on the floor at some gates.  Quite a few men restroom has ""attendant"" standing in the bathroom handing out paper towels for tips.  What is this airport trying to do?  A high class experience for men in the bathroom with personal service???  Men urinal have no dividers.  Few actual stalls.  The airport environment feels very rushed and stressful.  If I have a choice  both times would great each person that walked in & blessed everyone as they walked out; there was also a section  towards the bathroom entrance that provided all kinds of toiletries TSA Precheck in B.  Who the heck thought this up?  it is 3 PM and the line is past the American Check in Counters.  There are only two lines in the inspection area and no one is moving.  Went to the regular line and was through in less than 5 minutes.  There were several of us PreCheck in the regular line...all commenting the same thing....Why? Nice looking airport but not enough space between the terminals.  Liked the area with the trees and rocking chairs.  But they need to just about double the areas by the gates. No room at all and those golf carts come though every 5 minutes and can't get through the sea of humanity. Bad planning. Thanks to AA I was stuck here all night with nothing to drink and sleeping in a chair.  Please have machines available after hours when customers are forced to sleep in the airport.  but I was treated like a criminal. It brought me to tears.  Then when I got to the entrance check to get on the plane the guy working the boarding told me I was not allowed to have my purse as an extra carryon bag. I fly frequently in and out of the States and I never had anyone to advise that my purse is a carry on. I've flown all over the world and I can say this was the WORST experience I have ever had to deal with. Hope to Never come back through Charlotte Douglas international airport."  and they were on the complete opposite ends of the airport from one another. And I had to run back once i found out my standby flight wasn't going to make it "I had a stop over from an international flight from Curacao. We were not allowed to disembark from our flight as the small international arrival hall was full. A passenger told me this is common. The wait was not long and I swiftly passed through customs and immigration using my Global Entry.  That's where the speedy entry ended. The Pre Check TSA line was 30 minutes long. The regular line was empty BUT we were not allowed to migrate over. Made NO SENSE. Then  this one doesn't have a tram or train to take you between the terminals. I had 40 minutes to make my connection rom gate A to E and I made it just fine Gets even better. The airport closes at 1am. Can't stay in terminal. American Airlines didn't tell people that. Now everyone by baggage claim trying to figure out when we can go back though security." I hadn't fully realized what you had done or I would have cancelled my ticket before hand.  I was shocked to grasp the full extent of it while speaking with my friend on the phone before they closed the door to the plane while sitting on the tarmac at CLT.  It made me angry and made me happy that I was just passing through to California.  I thought you had moved beyond your history of violence and discrimination  and restrooms were easy to find- no tram needed. Employees that I encountered were friendly and chipper. The pianist in the food court was awesome. If it wasn't for the planes outside and everyone rushing around with their luggage  then you have to wait another 30+ to get a shuttle to terminal 4. Inside they have a lot of food choices which is nice there's a variety. TSA seems to be always backed up I think they need to add more lanes because they seem to not have enough coverage for us travelers."  CLT has to be the easiest to fly in and out of.  Airport has a great selection of restaurants - actually hate that you can only visit when flying.  The walks are short from the gates to baggage claim and never seems to be a long wait for luggage unlike some airports They have a very easy layout between terminals not to get lost.  The high ceilings make the airport seem more spacious than what it is.  It's a nice looking airport inside.  I would like to see more local business come to this airport. Something other the the Carolina Pit BBQ would be nice.  They also need to update some of their restrooms."  just wish there was better food options to sit and eat at.  Nice pianist in the main food court area.  Really small walkways  they are all scuffed up from people leaning on them due to lack of chairs. Carpet needs to be replace with tile so they can keep clean. Almost all th restaurant we walked buy had huge lines" My flight left on time!" First and hopefully last time connecting through here."  probably the busiest in the east coast. I really hope they can finish the new terminal they've been talking about soon. I really like the fact that you can park your car in the main deck and just walk over to the terminal  os banheiros tambm estavam super limpos. Em frente aos portes de embarque tinham mesas com tomadas pra carregar o celular ou notebook. Tambm tinha Wi-fi liberado!"  however I hate how busy it has become. They are constructing more buildings but there needs to be a quicker way through security." I have traveled to and from the airport several times this year. Although it's not the worst airport I have been to it ranks up there. My biggest complaint is they need to add a few employee break rooms as all the employee take breaks in the gate area where there is already limited seating. I don't see this at any other airports.  take some deep breaths before entering."  MI however the 7:30am flight was delayed one more time till 9:08am. So finally after 16 hours of being in the very dirty airport I got out of there. I won't mention the airline because I truly feel it's the airport and not the airlines fault. There were circumstances as to why all the flights were cancelled which ranged from weather to crew members not showing up Worst airport ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Delays for no reason and no accommodations after being pushed back to the next day for a flight. The lady told me I could sleep on the floor for my 12 hour layover! Hahahaha. What a joke! Now I'm on the first flight out and it's delayed AGAIN!!!!!!!!! Fuck this bullshit airport. Unless you want to be extremely delayed  or miss your connection I do NOT recommend!  but you'll fly through in 20 minutes or less usually. There's a great selection of food & plenty of places to charge while you wait. If you're gonna be stuck in an airport with strangers Crazy busy airport! It's like a small city inside. Loved all of the shops and eateries. Everything was clean and well-tended. My main gripe is the assumption that everyone travels - I had to walk across the tarmac to get on (and off) my plane and had no idea where to go and not a soul in site to let me know it was ok to go in the door that had warnings all over it (or to tell me which plane to board)  and sent me to the main terminal for customer service. The agent at customer service in CLT was absolutely rude and did not care to be there not care to help. She rudely asked me why I missed my connection and that she would need to get permission to change my flight and provide a hotel voucher. This hotel voucher was for the Econolodge at the airport. I took photos of the shower with long black hairs strung to the walls. Disgusting when you are forced to stay somewhere else at the account of American Airlines. The driver that picked me up from CLT for Econolodge shuttle was going 55 in a 35 and slammed on the breaks when he passed a speed trap. He said all these drivers in Charlotte suck at driving. Really professional. This partnership should be revisited. I wish #AmericanAirlines and #Econolodge would correct their wrongs and provide safer and cleaner conditions to trapped passengers." I'd recommend a layover almost anywhere else"  and more than a handful Starbucks for your Java fix. Don't be afraid to layover at this airport."  the flight was delayed... How long? Know body knows! It's for maintenance... Can you guesstimate so we can get food or something? Nah  TSA and sped walk to my gate I made my flight. Unfortunately numerous people on my previous flight did not end up making it so there were a bunch of vacant spots on the plane. No thanks CLT. Never again."  however never enough seats to sit in or outlets to charge phones. People sitting on floors and anyplace they can find." Constant delays to get a gate and an enormously overcrowded terminal make this airport a disaster "Nice! - Folks @ Customs were extremely nice & caring. I lost my ""Slip"" & they were totally cool about it. Overall - its a pretty efficient place."  as it's nearing two weeks of silence. But just wanted to put the word out there to warn everyone that the Lost and Found department at CLT is useless. Remember to hold tight to your belongings!" Worst airport for baggage.  Extremely slow for American on C terminal.  Thanks for wasting 45 minutes of my travel time.  and said ""SO?!!""  It took over 10 minutes for a female TSA to do the job and they did not follow TSA guidelines of keeping my bags with me after it went through the scanner.  This is my 4th opt out pat down this week so I'm used to it but I'm not used to the terrible remarks and rudeness of TSA here.  So Overall layout of the airport is pretty well executed compared to some I've been in. Staff isn't too bad. And as always TSA sucks.."  y el gran nmero de enchufes para poder trabajar mientras esperas tu conexin. Wi-fi gratis 45 minutos." Good food options after TSA. I have Pre-check and the line took over 15 minutes in a Wed. Afternoon. I thought Miami was bad but they are seriously slow and or understaffed. I am moving my family in the next year and was considering Charlotte  and the long walks (nothing compared to Philly intn'l terminal. I needed a snack). Overall  Parmesan encrusted chicken over roasted asparagus.  It came with a delightful salad of greens with tiny mango pieces in a fabulous vinaigrette.  Very happy with it and with our server Karl."  but here. The reason being is: most flights sit on tarmac waiting for space at the gate at least 30-40 min;  making you and your family late for your connections. Since you have to recheck your bags. Second Also glad it has a USO located on the second floor of the Atrium." This is a large airport and getting around it can take you some time.  If you have plenty of time on your hands this can be a relaxing place for a layover because it has many amenities and those old fashioned rocking chairs everyone dotes over (actually really relaxing).  Staff could be friendlier but I suppose it is hit or miss and which day you travel on.  lots of options to eat and drink.  Lounge on the rocking chairs in the main hub." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  no changing tables in the men's restroom? What century are we in here? Get with the program!"  silly thing that makes your airport appear old fashioned." "Great little airport. Employees are always friendly and give you that southern charm you would expect in the carolinas. The airports just large enough to offer good amenities like a central atrium with food choices and lots of spots to relax like the rocking chairs next to Windows. I have never experienced problems at security  I like to just sit in a rocking chair in the atrium and listen to the piano music.  There are good food options and a few good shops."  and clean bathrooms). The weird annoying part are the bathroom attendants that stare (creepsters) at you near the tip jar and Listerine dispenser!? Star deduction." I love the signage and the number of people movers this airport had. (I also love that people tend to walk on them instead of stand."  so I can't comment on the baggage claim or rental car facilities." I got in late (around midnight) and it was strange that they crammed 5 simultaneously arriving flights into two baggage claims even though there were another few carousels that were not in use at the same time in the same area...hence the 4 stars instead of 5." This is one of the nicest airports I've been to past airport security. Today was national iced tea day and the airport was giving free iced tea to everyone.  They have a live piano player and dogs to pet for the passengers! I was very impressed with the selection of the concessions and restaurants at CLT! The bathrooms have bathroom attendants keeping them clean and have mouthwash too! This is a great place to spend a little bit of time if you got stuck...  where the heck am I supposed to park then?? I drove into Long Term 1 while the sign said OPEN and yet circled around for 15 minutes One other beef that I have with the Charlotte Airport is the lengthy lines that planes must go through after pushing out of the gate before taking off. As an American Airline frequent flyer  busy here. Gorgeous sunset people running around to their flights.  Different feel then on the island people are rushed now.  Hate being back in the rat race."  Va.  Free WiFi for 45 minute intervals.  Moving walkway escalators make getting to terminals easier and quicker.  Plenty of food vendors throughout.  Clean and efficient Airport.  I'll be back through soon."  lol. You're in one gate and out the other! And it seems that every plane that leaves from here is a shaky crop duster! Always a scary thought when I see this place on my itinerary. Flights from this place always leave me feeling like I'm going to fall from the sky!" 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg My main gripe is Delta's presence. They are relegated to a bit player "Decent airport with a somewhat logical layout. There are different concourses and dedicated security lines in front of each. They all feed into the same open area. Security was quite slow and the charging stations were not great A very friendly AA gate agent told me once on a flight from Wilmington to Charrllote that this airport is hug layover airport for a lot of the passengers. She had to be right because at 10pm local time this airport was packed with people transferring from one gate to another. I was among those passengers and must say that I did not have a problem finding my new gate on the other side of the airport. The airport is clean and has a huge number of restaurants including a great sushi place next to terminal B My first flight out of Charlotte and a lady where you check your baggage yelled at me because I was having issues checking a bag. If I got her name I would've reported her. She didn't make my experience at this airport the best. A very sweet lady assisted me and made sure I got to where I needed to get. Watch out for the angry lady with American Airline where you check your bags. I know there's not much you can do when it comes to choosing your airports "What's with the tipping in the loos? I can't even use the restroom without feeling guilty for passing the attendant with his tipping jar at the door Id rather and will go through ORD next time I have to connect." I like this airport! It's big but well maintained and has a TON of shopping and dining options. I have TSA Precheck and it LITERALLY took 3 mins to get through security!! There are rocking chairs spaces throughout the terminal to relax on and free wifi. The rents car facility is just outside the terminal which is nice. Design is a 2. Everything is far and there is more carpet than tile. Even with my top of the line wheels this place slows me down." Airport was clean along with restrooms. Our tickets said gate D and at the last minute they changed it to C. We were half way to C then they announced the change. We purchased a sandwich and yogurt for $15.00 way over priced! As we boarded the plane I told the flight attendant I wanted to sit next to my son they had us all split the person sitting next to me agreed to switch seats. We got a free drink and small bag of pretzels. Take off was delayed by 10 minutes.  and on top of that the wifi sucks! To get wifi you must create an account with the website Boingo. I never heard of this website so I'm not creating an account just to connect. I'll rather use my data to scroll my social media. With the charging situation I am really depressed because I have a delayed flight and there is not a single outlet to be found. I'm used to airports in Cali where every seat has a charger."  though they could use more options for coffee aside from Starbucks and perhaps some more vegetarian options.  But No interview slot available at CLT Global Entry office for months; don't waste your $100 to apply; this is another government scam to take more money from each of us."  and friendliness of the workers. They have housekeeping- restroom attendants in the bathroom with mints and other great items." 3Q0QQPnHcJuX1DLCL9G9Cg  easy to navigate through airport. I just wish the gates weren't so close. It was hell when two flights were boarding and they were side by side"  greasy food"". Isn't that ideal before a bumpy flight?" Hopefully when you visit you get to catch someone playing as well. I've connected here plenty of times and I've never had an issue with security or staff Overall not a terrible airport." Terrible travel experience because of poor American Airlines customer service and a rude desk agent named John G. Southern hospitality is apparently dead in NC. Avoid connecting through Charlotte at all costs. This airport terrible unorganized the workers are not knowledgeable about anything from the flights to the connecting flights I swear this is last time ever connecting from Charlotte NC Flights always delayed. Sit by gate with constant beeping of golf cars. Noisy crowded and hot + the food I've tried have been pretty bad."  but I was impressed with this airport. They also had several cute rocking chairs around the windows so that you could sit and watch the other planes take off. Bathrooms were well maintained  the last highlight is probably something unique that I have not experienced in another airport. It definitely threw me off initially  smelled terrible and neither my wife nor I felt the least bit clean to even use the shower in there.  The refrigerator wasn't even plugged in and when I opened it to see if it was cold I was hit with a skunk like odor We got into the hotel by 9 pm after our canceled flight and couldn't stand to be in there past 4:30 am the next day. If you have ANY other choices on places to stay "Avoid this place.  My son and I stayed here last night after his flight coming into Charlotte got in 5 hours late. It was after midnight and we knew we'd have to be on the road first thing in the morning so I went cheap rather than pay $120 for a HIE. Made a reservation thru Priceline on the parking shuttle and got there around 1am. There were two people wandering around the parking lot with no shoes and backpacks. And it appeared that some of the guests are permanent residents. The office smelled bad and I conducted business through the 1"" thick glass barricade. Was too tired to care at that point so we stayed. The room was so small that one of the two double beds was up against the a c unit. Speaking of... The a c was not turned on in the room so it was like 90 degrees in there when we opened the door and it took an hour to cool down til we could sleep. The bedding looked and smelled clean "What did my wife do? She booked us here on the way to Ohio. rooms were very small and old looking. Got in at 10pm and left at 4am. Lucky we were on our. way to hunt camp so this will do. At least I had my truck in front of my room. Over all it wasn't that bad  this place is crawling with bed bugs. Even scarier than cleaning all my things and possibly spreading them to other people "You get what you pay for. We were so tired that I wanted to just book a place when we arrived town late at night. The room I booked smelt weird  it was too much money for mediocre service." USAir put me here because of a mis-connection.  I should have just stayed another hotel and paid out of pocket.   The hotel was dirty and noisy.  I slept with the lights on and on top of the covers. "US airways put me there at a ""discounted rate"" and it was a hotel like something out of psycho movies. the room was gross and the shower was disgusting. worst hotel I've stayed at in years. If I could Seminal-looking substance on the blanket in our first room... Roach in our second. Never again. I originally gave it two stars because they have free wifi  and just seemed like a nice man trying to make a living. For the whole experience though... bad  so get up super early if you want more than white bread and OJ. We might come back if it's still cheap." The people at the front desk are super nice though so I feel bad writing this review nice people but the place is prettt run down. There were waterspots throughout the sleeping area and bathroom. The shower went hot to cold to hot repeatedly and I was concerned that there may be mold in the bathroom. Definitely not staying there again.  but if you're going to stay in Charlotte- spend more money on a nicer hotel!" My friends and I came to charlotte for a show at lable and from the moment we pulled into the parking lot we knew we were not safe... it was trashy and rundown on the outside... didn't even make it to a room because we were harassed by an African American woman who appeared to be on drugs.. the cops got called and they even told us to not stay.. ended up going to a different hotel in a far better area... I would not recommend staying! "Great hotel. Good service The breakfast could have been bigger and the cereal was stale Would I stay here again? I don't see why not but there are better."  sucking every penny out of it.  Most of the staff seems discouraged.  The entire place is dirty and tired.  The elevator was broken (and had been for a month).  Hard to believe this is allowed to go on in when there's 3 floors of guest rooms.  I told the staff the stairwells were filthy That's all I got.  You've been warned."  got bed bugs on her face and ended up going to the emergency room because of the reaction. I wish I could give them zero stars. This place is DISGUSTING. Don't ever stay there."  we stayed here. The lobby smelled like cat urine that I realized wasn't quite so bad after stepping into the elevator that reeked of sour milk. The room brought more cat urine scent. Two bugs greeted me as I entered my room. I immediately checked the rest of the room....no bugs yet. I will not be using the shower in the morning. Tapping together my ruby slippers....there's no place like home!"  it's fine if you're stranded at the airport and have few options "This was by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Everyone who worked there was extremely rude all the way up to the owner who instead of acknowledging there was a problem and helping to fix it decided it would be best to start a screaming match with me in the lobby... The rooms are tiny about a foot of space between the bed an walls "We stayed here one night. Choose it because of it's location. It was disgusting and filthy. Slept with one eye open. There was a homeless man sleeping near the stairway. Elevator was broken so we had a brief encounter with him at 6:00 AM. What I learned...don't trust the stars  the fridge did work and had black mold on the shelves and sides of the doors. The bathroom door door was broken and didn't lock and the ceiling was peeling from water damage which probably also has mold growing on the inside. Two of the clean towels were dirty and smelled disgusting and the sound from the fridge that didn't work kept me up all night.  There is snot on the wall and what seems to be other bodily fluids. There was no soup or anything kind of body was. The staff was rude and poorly trained." I would leave no stars but that is not an option Horrible stay. Ceiling in bathroom coming apart leaking and dripping-by 2 am floor soaked. Smelled like urine. Staff showed lack of care and MANAGER wasn't there and would not return calls or emails. DONT STAY HERE.  Bathroom not usable. Totally gross. Warning alarms should've came when we read receipt saying after 15 minutes no refunds would be issued."  even offered me a wake up call and as soon as I got to my room I really didnt see a whole lot wrong with it  and they were a direct representation of the hotel itself. Don't be fooled by the outside because the outside isn't too bad. Once you get inside  I would not recommend this place unless it was your last resort." Poor location and service. That was my only option because of the missing flight. My room was not refundable that is why I have to stay. I put my clothes inside the bathroom because I could not trust the cleanness or the security of the room. They only good thing is the crowded airport van!  but this place was exactly what we wanted and expected for the price. We have no complaints!" 9eg9gDW1uVmyL40MmAQL-Q  anyplace else but don't stay here." That being said I was very impressed with the room. For starters it had a dishwasher in the kitchen which I personally think is cool. When it comes to beds and pillows this place gets 10 out of 10.  I normally have trouble sleeping in hotels on the first night but the bed and pillows were so comfortable I slept like a baby. The bathrooms were clean and the AC was excellent!"  to which he just nodded and apologized. He stated he would issue us a refund as the room that Leslie gave us required repairs and was not even supposed to have been occupied at all... Unbelievable! I'm still waiting for my refund on this stay... and I will make sure I will NEVER stay here again. Hard to believe they're in the same chain of hotels where I've had amazing experiences. Poor management and extremely poor customer service!"  I wouldn't wish a stay here on my worst enemy - I wouldn't even wish it on the old fart who made my stay such hell  but apparently it was. Plus there were several big local events taking place at the time. Another inconvenience was the lack of shops and eateries within walking distance. This hotel was pretty much located in an industrial area and it seemed rather isolated. This is not the place to stay if you want to walk around and explore the area. This wouldn't be my first choice for a hotel stay if I return to Charlotte  small fridge. Although the it includes a dish washer it does not include any dishes. The tv in the bedroom is a bit small and is only placed in the corner.. Which was a bit odd. Indoor pool is nice but not heated. No spa area. Fitness room only includes cardio. Breakfast wasn't anything to look forward to. Overall I would give the hotel three stars but the location drops it for me. It is very isolated with not much within walking distance. The parking lot is also small. It has two entrances but they only keep one open. The location and staff gives off bad vibes."  this isn't looking good for you thus far." "We had a very late flight in and had a reservation across the street at the Quality Inn. The place was a awful  there was no mini-fridge and no microwave. Internet is not free unless you have Gold Platinum status with the Marriott Rewards program." Room was good--standard Courtyard. Not as many HD television channels as I would have hoped in 2014. Wireless internet was not terrible."  and any other necessities. Rush hour traffic is a bear here so if you have a meeting make sure you give yourself some extra time. Staff is very nice. If you're exhausted and don't feel like going out they have a mini bistro you can order from as well as beer and wine. Decent size gym. Free weights Stayed here one night in December 2014. Hotel and room were clean. Nice neighborhood.  The only negative was traffic being a bit heavy (it was a Saturday evening though). It was a very comfortable stay and I will come back again.  the bistro has great smoothies & they let me add in my protein powder & fix hot lemon water for me. Prefer the king room over the double beds but great internet access  ready to help with anything and everything!"  clean hotel. I've had friends and family stay here when visiting us in Charlotte because it's clean  it was comfortable and affordable. The parking is kinda weird Shout out to Brian at the front desk!" The staff does a good job and are very nice.  The hotel is a bit dated but good deal for the money.  Can't seem to sleep here without a Benadryl due to something in the air.  staff are helpful.  Arrived early and was able to still check-in." "Not a bad place to stay... Close to lots of stuff. Ruth Chris' across the street and you can get it delivered to your room. Small kitchen with the basics. Dishwasher  etc...  I had more than enough space and it was clean.  My only negative observation in question was that the stove unit could have used an additional wipe down.  The complimentary breakfast the next morning made up for the shady stove and the manager was very friendly as he helped check me out."  I would stay here again as I thought it was a good value for the price." 4dwdYuD4vEBByfVQ--vlVw "We love this hotel.  The staff is always so helpful and friendly Let me start off my saying the previous guests leftover chic filet drinks were left in our fridge. No glasses in bathroom for teeth brushing and glasses in kitchen were wine glasses and juice glasses. Whatever happened to ample water glasses or rocks glasses for a night cap. The layout is terrible! You unfold the sofa bed in the living room and you cant get in or out of it as one side is blocked by TV and it's stand and other side blocked by the L shape of the sofa. The drain in the shower was clogged so I stood in 6 in of dirty water as I showered. 20 minutes after I got out it still hadnt drained. Ok the coffee maker is nice but 6 bags of Lipton tea and no herbal options for nighttime?  Never again will stay at a Residence Inn  very close to the Southpark mall and has several restaurants within walking distance.  The hotel staff was super nice and very informative.  We are looking forward to staying here again in the future."  and we would recommend avoiding them as well since you will end up dealing this Enterprise branch and staff.  Highly disappointed all around."  but it was more focused on the various areas of the city. It was a great tour overall and it was very fun to see the different My husband and I enjoyed this tour - very informative.  The ease of being picked up at the hotel and the friendliness of the tour guide made for an enjoyable couple of hours.  but having experienced how unprofessional they conduct business business I'm elated that it wasn't functioning. I refuse to patronize a company who never answers the phone let alone respond to emails. In addition  this may be due to the fact that the Atlantic Southeast is having a water shortage so I'll cut them some slack and only deduct one star.  The trip from the terminal to the rental car lot was quick and the wait for the shuttle bus was short.  The staff is friendly in that Southern charm sort of way.  Do yourself a favor and bid on a rental car through priceline.com.  If you pick the right category  the car was fine. ::shrug::" I do not recollect the name of the lady at the counter( twice)..she was very nice  I may have to continue renting from them to abide by my company's policies. Otherwise  you'll be damned if you piss someone off in customer service because they will let you know! And we ended up waiting much longer than anyone else there to be handed the keys to a car that had been ready almost and hour and a half. I wish we had video cameras to record the absurd service we received. Granted 3.  Pay the extra dollar or 2 per day and stay away." "I am only reviewing the Gold part.  I had a company reservation and then I had to go back and get a car seat for my family in the middle of my business trip as they were going to visit me.  The lady on the 800 number said that I needed to cancel my current reservation and then add another one with the baby sit.  Like for real??  I just went there Consider this your fair warning. If I could give this company zero stars 2 words: unorganized chaos. I hate when rental car companies are offsite from the airport. Then the line wrapped around the door & they only had 2 people helping people!!! Will be avoiding this place in the future. One of the worst rental experiences of my life. Computers were down and had to write out rental agreements by hand. Waited over a hour for them to process 4 rentals. The line behind me very long and no concession was offered. Got a Chevy piece of junk Aveo. Talk about a tin can on wheels! Transmission sounded horrible (grinding sound) and could feel the vibration at certain speeds gears. Barely had enough power to go up a hill and still maintain highway speed. Next time it Avis or anyone else beside Hertz. Have yet to recieve my security deposit that i was suppose to get over three weeks ago. Horrible customer service and there is so many fee's after the fact that they will not inform you of. Not only will i never use hertz again i will suggest to anyone who visits to get basically anyone but hertz horrible.  30 minutes with no explanation. I finally confronted the manager as to why they had plenty of cars sitting idle over in the Gold Club section but were parceling out cars to us non-Gold people at a rate of 1 every 20 minutes! 30 minutes later  NC airport Hertz location would rate as the worst I've ever experienced. I'd confirmed various details of my agreement with Hertz's 800# but when I got to the counter (after waiting half an hour at the airport for a shuttle van that never came -- I eventually took the National shuttle and walked over to Hertz!!) the manager claimed they couldn't abide by what we'd been told and as a result our bill was almost triple the original reservation. Attempts to rectify with the manager on duty when returning the car were met with ""that's not our problem"" and ""well Don't get scammed like I did. Avoid Hertz and go with a reputable company instead." Totally unacceptable service - that's an oxymoron with Hertz Charlotte."  the service was terrible. Can I give zero stars?"  although there were 3 employees standing in the return area."  I have had FAR better at other Hertz locations.  Yes I have had far better at other car rental companies." "I am a Gold member at Hertz.  And the last two rentals I have done there were not up to the gold standard they promise.  Both times I arrived at the Charlotte airport hertz location  arrived to a dirty Mini-Van! Really?  The NeverLost in the car did not work (no sound). They didn't seem to care. Exactly :)???"  and don't get me started on the Hertz call center which staffs only people who know decidedly nothing about cars.  But in terms of positive vs. negative experiences  I went to the Hertz desk and explained the situation to the staff member there.  He politely listened and understood.  He then fixed the issue over the next 5 or 10 minutes "People here were really friendly but the price ain't right. I do have to give them credit because they were the only rental place that had cars remaining  again no one offered to help with the bags. driver did not ask anyone on the shuttle what airline we were flying on and dropped us off at baggage claim! Worst service ever!" Nothing about the experience blew me away Even though we had a reservation we were made to wait for a car. If they're going to overbook cars they should offer free upgrades to get people on the road. I'd look elsewhere.  just close down and leave that for people that understand that good customer service doesn't only happen during traditional business hours! Oh! And my accommodation made for my possible arrest?  A 10% off coupon for another rental... Let me tell you where you can put that... On my next trip out of town  because they really are that slow!! They really need to change their system here. Really Hertz was once a great company.  But every interaction I've had with them in the last 5 years has steadily shown them going downhill.  Well "They have the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Never again will I rent from them. When I needed to turn the car in an hour early in order to get to my flight on time  I can even select a different car if I don't like the car that was assigned to me. The agent at the exit gate was very friendly and I was on my way in no time. The only downside is that this is offsite from the airport. I prefer locations onsite to the airport But thankfully I didn't have to walk back to the airport to fix it.  A very helpful employee was nearby and fixed the problem with a quick phone call.  Only set me back a few minutes." I was referred to Hertz by Marriott by a call transfer when I booked the hotel at the airport...and unless Marriott wants to risk being guilty by association ***Do not rent cars from this location****."  and we are all being told there are no cars left--reservation or not. The customer service person is saying he has no solution. No cars. No service. You make your decision. Everyone is pi$$ed!!! I wouldn't come here. Ever. Again." I had a Gold reservation but arrived to find my name was not on the board. I waited in line with a dozen other livid Gold members and was then offfered a mini-van or to pay extra for an upgrade. If I gould give Hertz a zero I would. I don't mind filling up on my own so prepaying gas was not something I needed." Takes terribly long although I am Gold Member. Name is not listed on the board. Endless discussions.... It took 45 min to get the car.  but there were other things she could have done to accommodate me. The vehicle was nice and in good shape  not recommended. Three sleepy mumbling representatives behind the counter and an exceedingly long line that is not moving. Finally I get a car whose wheels go cloink-clink-clunk so I didn't dare to go anywhere with it. I exchange it for a car that has no functioning outlet so I can't even use my GPS. Total failure."  at the gate I just had to show my driver license and I was off to my destination. Return was just as fast  don't rent here. 45min wait time. The jerk ""Larry"" behind the desk as identified in other reviews runs this place like a concentration camp. Instead of being apologetic  not a single one would take two minutes to scan and print a receipt for one return. 45 minutes later I was able to return my vehicle. I've never had this issue with any other rental company and I will NEVER use Hertz again."  unfriendly and grumpy. Car was filthy and when I pointed this out and requested a clean cat they offered me an upgrade for a fee. I returned car and left two phone lap top chargers in car charger. They have not been turned over to lost and found so the staff is stealing. My second trip reaffirmed that the staff was not just having a bad day but that were bad everyday. On my return I was hurrying and did not refill gas. Drove locally around Charlotte for two days and used about 1 4 tank. I was charged $115 for a full tank and service. The mileage recorded is EXAXTLY 200 miles indicating that the just guessed an amount. HurtZ claim I returned the car completely empty but has no record or the inspection sheet. So I thought I would be helpful and do the customer survey on the hertz web site. But I needed a 5 or 7 digit access code. Three reps gave me codes that did not work. I asked the third to hold while I tried the code and he said I should call back if it did not work. http:  www.hertzsurvey.com   My exp with Hertz has been very good over many years but at Charlotte Douglas airport I will use another company It is the busiest holiday week of the year and they have one man working and two broken kiosks. 1 hour wait. I would do half a star if possible. Horrible. Gave my family a car and the next day the battery was dead. It takes forever to get the problem fixed and a new car. So we had a car that wasn't useable for half our trip and they still charged us full price even after we said we wouldn't pay for the days we couldn't use it. Never using hurtz again.  until people read the reviews and stop renting from them and impact their finances this bad service and behavior will continue.I will have to say the gentleman at the return line was the only person who tried to help. Their vehicles are dirty and smelly. Word to the wise "45 minute wait for a car I reserved a month ago??? Ridiculous.  The staff seemed unsympathetic to everyone.  In addition The bottom line is that I paid almost $120.00 per day for a substandard vehicle - this does not include any of the extras such as cdw all of which I declined - it is just the rental fee.  If you think I should have done some comparison shopping for my rental "Yet another Hertz location that doesn't have cars for reservations.  Ridiculous wait as they make us sit here waiting for returns to come in.  Seriously  I will forgo my Gold Hertz status and rent from either Avis or National.  Actually This is the busiest rental car place Ive ever been at. Some customer guy told me I was at his car even when I was able to open the door with the key they gave me. No darling it was not your rental car. It was kind of confusing. Lol. Located by the Charlotte Airport and you have to take another vehicle to get to the office you rent from. I dunno... Blur."  very slow service. Inadequate staffing for the volume of customers and nobody seems in a hurry to help. Find another rental car service at Charlotte airport." Small airport bit still gold board.    Just give yourself time when returning to take shuttle back to airport.  them proceeded to wait until he was sardine full before he left event though two other shuttles were there. Traffic was horrible and he inched along. A guy pleaded to get off and walk due to tight schedule but he refused. Twice."  shuttle and return service were great. My only complaint is that I have requested a Kia Rio twice and both times ended up with a Ford Fusion (these have a very rough and jerky transmission) We did get pretty good gas mileage though." As I sit here four over an hour I know I will NEVER use hertz again." I wouldn't rent from here again--there's just got to be a different rental facility at Charlotte that is easier to get in and out of."  sure. I have no doubts this place must suck sometimes  line keeps on getting bigger & bigger - no one even bothers to consider opening another counter. Its an embarassing service. I would give it zero stars if I could." I mentioned probably 3 or 4 times that I wanted the Altima.  Hertz employee continued to tell me the Toyota had a better ride and was a better car.  As I'm signing  I was left feeling like I just played poker at the casino... and only my money was on the table." Then I was set up in a car with nearly 60 Hertz would not honor the reservation we had made over 2 weeks ago. Instead they sent a manager to meet us at the pickup spot and asked if we were gold members saying it would be a 3 hour wait for a car. Thank god enterprise came through with a bigger car cheaper price and immediate availability.  get in the car and go. So easy and convenient. And with Hertz you know you get a decent car. And the price is reasonable....not the lowest....but the overall best value"  and this was the one time i didn't check a place out before paying for a rental...huge mistake! Look at other rental locations reviews  broken kiosks. Go with another rental car at CLT it will be well worth your time and money to avoid this sh*t show. I had a deadline departure time to be in my car. I figured an hour was plenty of time to catch the shuttle and pick up my car. Nope...incompetence reigns supreme. Shouldn't expect more from this GLOBAL rental company. Sheesh...ok I'm done complaining now. Be a gold member so you don't waste any more time." "We made our reservation through Priceline and were really worried based on the previous reviews. Our plane was on time and made it to the Hertz location only having to wait about 5 minutes for the bus. There was only one person in front of us in line and we were out of there in less than 10 minutes with no pressure for upgrades or any other sort of hassle. We were given a Nissan Sentra which was fine for the weekend The worst place to rent a car from !! They have no cars . Must wait almost 2 hours for a car and they don't care ! Stay away Richard... Thanks for your response.  RR 543397190 has miles out 66 Hertz was great. Our check in representative was very friendly and the car worked well with no issues. When we got to the airport at 430am to head home my boyfriend realized he left his cell phone in the car. The bus driver rushed us back and forth to the car lot so we would not miss our flight. I will use Hertz again. Avoid this one if you can."  at the same higher rate originally booked.  No wonder they only hsve a 1 star rating.  So much for being #1.  Guess they've gottrn to big and are full of themselves.  Don't bother asking for management.  They are worthless and could care less about delivering a quality customer experience."  I know you're trying to make a sales pitch but nice try playing with my emotions. The car I got was great but the sales people here are ok.  I think I'll try to go with Alamo or enterprise next time.....(or dollar if they reopen)."  and NO! Never again. All they want to do is sell you an upgrade and more insurance. Even if you have full rental coverage they keep pushing. After I said no a hundred times It's getting us where we need to be but we won't be renting from here again."  next my key fob (the electric unlocking device) didn't work on the doors and fortunately the manual unlock ""feature"" included a full siren and alarm if the car wasn't started within 10 seconds. The folks at the hospital loved that cool feature.   Return the car and no one asks how my rental experience was so I offer my review  2 stars second experience = 3 stars overall.  I will be back since my work regularly flies me out to Charlotte and we have a contract with Hertz  do not rent here!!! Staff isn't even friendly" eThu9hCL8NOjOxswQ-cFSg  10 min in and out. They provided excellent service and I highly recommend them over your disastrous eThu9hCL8NOjOxswQ-cFSg  flew all day and now stranded 4 hrs from my final destination and they could not have given a care in the world about it. Told me to take a train or something. I have NEVER had any experience like this in my life. Rented a car on the way back for $132 bucks with Budget. No deposit. That's how it should be! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THESE SCAMMERS!! They don't care anyway." A person from Hertz named Laura contacted me to make it right and then never responded to it. I provided all information that was asked for. Wow... And the lack of customer service with Hertz continues...  total cost out the door 186.00 for 4 days. When I arrived to pick up the car I was told I would need $200 for a deposit and I was going to be charged an additional $141 for the rental. The deposit I was aware of but the $141 I wasn't. The gentleman behind the counter stated ""You went through Hotwire and that was their price and this is the difference and is not included in the price. My mother had the same experience with the same 2 companies. I was travelling to take my brothers ashes back east and didn't really have the extra money for the unknown cost. What if I wasn't able to come up with that money. The gentleman behind the counter was more worried about his cigarette break (that he had been trying to take for 40 minutes). Needless to say My family will NEVER go through Hertz or Hotwire for anything again."  there were only two clerks working. You have paid for the rental. Why does it take almost 30 minutes to get the paperwork. Then.....the inventory was limited. Car was not in the spot. Had to wait until it was cleaned. Will not use them again. Alamo here i come. Grab any car in the lane and drive away."  and the informal line waiting for them to have a car for you.  Been in rental car limbo for 35 minutes with family waiting in a restaurant for me.  When will there be soup for meeeee?!?  No soup for you!" "I arrived in Charlotte on Tuesday. I did the virtual check in with Tyler who was great. He got me the car seat that I needed without issues. Upon returning I had 3 bags and my son with no luggage cart to get my bags to the gate. Robert volunteered to drop me NEVER AGAIN will I use Hertz.  NEVER." In what world is it acceptable customer service to make me wait an hour for my reserved car in a nearly deserted terminal? "Top of the line service from GM Bryce and his team. I had reserved a convertible for the weekend and they were short on inventory so I had a luxury car confirmed - still would have been nice. I asked for the convertible and he promptly had his crew find one that had just been returned. It was delivered within a few minutes "I had a $50 Hertz gift card that I earned with my corporate card points. I chose to redeem these points for a Hertz gift card over all the other retailers available. I received the e-gift card  and printed it out for my trip "Had an odd experience with Hertz at the Charlotte Douglas airport. The service was very good but the signage is misleading and the system of getting to your car is weird. If you follow the signs for hertz you end up in the hertz gold club booth with 2 employees waiting to assist gold members and lost customers. Over the span of 5 minutes we watched them redirect 8 customers and assist 0 gold members. Afterwards we found a hertz representative who was able to assist "Reserved a car. They tried to get me to upgrade twice. Then after I didn't take the bait  Hertz was scrambling to get cars for customers who had already reserved cars. I was not going waste anymore time on dealing with this whole car fiasco until drop off. During drop off we were met with a fantastic customer service professional by the name of Tenille. I explained to her the situation and what had happened. She could clearly see that there was something wrong with this car. In less than 3 minutes she was writing on the windshield some Hertz coding to take the car out of the rental pool.  Tenille was extremely professional and apologetic about how this issued was NOT HANDLED.  I told her my most concern was that if I had been in an accident So CA stranded in Virginia" The worst. I book with them all the time because my company has a corporate rate with them and I pretty much don't have a choice. They are always rude and I always have issues. When you try calling them on the phone for any issues they DON'T pick up either! Don't bother. I will say the signage directing you to the lot was a bit odd and confusing - but we quickly figured it out..." I asked again and was told NO I had to deal with the office i rented from. When I returned my car to the airport it was 4:45 am and my flight left at 6 am. I was told no one would be at the counter until 5:30. My plane was boarding at 5:30 so that would not work. I called hertz when i got home and told my long story to a lady and she said that she could only give me a 50% refund. I told her i was going to file a dispute with AMEX and she said if i did that i might have a problem renting from hertz again. I told her there are plenty of other car rental companies and I would not be using hertz again...Soooooooooooooooooo if you are ever upgrade and they make it sound like they are doing you a favor ask if you are being charged for the courtesy upgrade and ask to see paperwork before you sign anything....Sorry for the long story....I left out some more phone calls talking to people that could do nothing to help...." Car didn't work. Rent from them if like a gamble." Nothing better to do than write this review while i sit in my rental car locked in the hertz lot at Charlotte Douglas airport. Seems hertz does not honor late pickups no matter how many times you confirm. They are more than happy to just bail and leave you stranded.  3 others in same situation. Awful. Reserved a car online well in advance. Got to the counter and was 10th in line behind other customers who were waiting for cars. We waited almost an hour for our car. It was almost like they were driving them in from other locations because they were low on stock or something. Other customers there on business and locked into a corporate contract were offering horror stories as well. Stay away from Hertz. NEVER AGAIN.  but Hertz doesn't do much to set them up for success. Take it from a Five Star Gold Member: avoid this location if possible. Unfortunately  but I was tricked into paying too much and then ignored when I complained." I am a Hertz gold member and my car was clean and ready for me. It could not have gone better.  the cleanliness of the cars were much higher than my expectation.  As soon as I returned the car back eThu9hCL8NOjOxswQ-cFSg Very pleased with my experience here. Easy in and out with the car. Friendly employees. Car was perfect for my needs. It was also less expensive than some of the other car rental companies at the airport. Easy access from the terminal. The worse ever don't use this place.  I had to wait over a hour. This is uncalled for.  Never afain "Easiest pick of a rental car ever. CLT did a great job positioning rental car garage right next to the terminal. No shuttle required. To those who had trouble with and complained about lines Flight into DC was cancelled and rerouted hours away from home so we decided to just drive. Got through the rentals with no problem. 35 minutes (and counting) in freezing temperatures waiting outside for this thing to arrive. How hard is this? Give me the keys and I'll find the freaking car for you. Absurd. Fast and easy service - loved it! A ladies tire blue out on the interstate while she's ok the tire didn't make it  lessons learned...saving $7 is not worth an hour of my time...they don't check the car for dents dings or damage so we will see how this works upon return...Bc there are scratches on the car...enterprise works hard for that $7 so I'll be sure to pay them in the future "I am a Gold Rewards Member with Hertz which makes getting and returning your car INCREDIBLY easy!!  The car was nice  ""you are looking at the wrong car""!!!   Just amazing.   This guy did not know what he was doing and we got no help at all from the manager.   Thank goodness the lady who originally checked us in was still there.   He almost made us late for our flight!   Managers and employees need to be weeded out of this location!"  no style cars into.  The estimated cost for a week was ~$221 so Hertz proceeded to hold $400 on my credit card. I guess they figured I'd likely keep it for another week.  I think it's time to try some of the others. Not to optimistic but I just can't continue to give my business to a company who continues to skimp and slide to the basement on quality and customer service." Reserved a Chevy Surburban sized-vehicle months ago...got to CLT with my 5 other family members and found my name on Gold # listed with a full size car.  Woman at Gold Counter said  that they had no more cars in that size.  I had to go into parking garage and find something smaller that barely worked for all of us and our luggage.  Terrible service.... Very nice folks in the rental department. Easy to get our car and seamless return process. Quick in and out. Great car. Thank you Hertz. eThu9hCL8NOjOxswQ-cFSg  but in the end it all worked out.  I don't hold it against the attendant.  There's serious lack of communication between Expedia and other companies Bonnie went above and beyond! She made our trip amazing. There was a mishap in our booking with the wrong rental car. We needed a 7 passenger and I booked a 7 passenger but I was given a small suv. Bonnie hooked us up with a mini van! Amazing work Bonnie! "The service at this location was okay but my major gripe was that we got a car someone had clearly smoked in and I am very allergic to cigarette smoke. The car still had ashes on the dashboard as well. No one came to inspect the car with us  unfortunately for me lately it's been a miss.  Look out for charges for options you didn't actually get.  For example  seen my name on the board with position number and went to that position to get the car.  I didn't care for the car to much Customer Service sucks. They didn't offer anything or verify insurance.  They were extremely rude and unprofessional. Acted as if they didn't want to be there. Provides us with the wrong information.  Just absolutely horrible.  but why make a reservation if they can't hold your car. I just don't understand! We had our two young daughters with us too. They put us on a wait list and said 30 minutes. It was 2 hours! They were not apologetic or anything. The one lady who told us our car was ready was rude! We went out to get in the car and she had assigned someone else the same car. That person said oh well and started it up and left. We waited another 15 mins for another car. They seemed to have several cars out in the lot too but we heard them say now the wait was even longer! Worst experience of my life and nothing made it better. No upgrade There is nothing like being stranded at the airport with no car and being forced to wait util they open the next morning and wait for people to drop off their cars. Plus Overall good experience. Since it was weekend had to wait more than hour to get the vehicle . Georgia assisted us she was great. This was our first time as gold members. Returning the car was also very easy. After being in the terminal for about 8 hours our flight was cancelled so we went to rent a car again. Georgia and her manager Nate helped make it happen at the same rate as we had been paying for the week.  so it was refreshing to be able to avoid the whole shuttle ordeal. The Hertz staff was courteous and efficient-- thank you!! I was assigned to a Nissan Sentra that had some air conditioner noise I rent a car roughly once-per-month and have never run into a facility as poorly run as this...."  and yet others bogusly arguing charges that seemed legit. The place didn't seem to have a protocol for what to do when customers go ape-$h!+ over fuel charges. It's just annoying overall to witness as a customer who is already mildly stressed about flights  but the hour we took to get there was not worth it. NEVER AGAIN  I strongly recommend that you A) carefully inspect your car and get a sign off on ANY damage or you will be expected to pay for it when you return it  choosing a car is fast convenient and the drop-off process is easy. I've only had a rental car through work so it's nice not having to fit the bill National at THIS airport has it all figured out!"  especially given that I'm executive aisle and can also choose from emerald aisle cars.  However t8Dz2luOZ-4NhT8DPxFdqQ I believe parking is available if you just need to pick up something at this car rental agency; while I would not suggest parking at the Cell Phone Lot as an alternative if no parking is available "I appreciate very much the service i got from the National representative in  Charlotte. I was connecting there for a flight to NYC when I got a message about a family emergency. Rather than wait several hours and spend several hundred dollars on a return flight home  the bus driver gave us tips and the person at the gate gave super-easy directions to I85 since my normal route was diverted." "I have always had a pretty positive experience at this location.  Quick shuttles as well as a decent selection in the Emerald Exec area.  The only time that  I have ever had an issue If you are an Emerald Club Member National is the best--bypass counter and just get into a car and go.  Wouldn't rent from anyone else. National - Charlotte airport. missed conection and no other flights with open seats. Short notice was able to get a nice car at a reasonable price and drive to my destination. I allways rent from National and will continue. If I would hve rented from Hertz I would have got a big piece of junk!  Thanks National !  National is really the best car rental choice at any major US airport Good Service and good cars. Some times the lines at the Shuttle pickup area could get very long and National Shuttles are less frequent than other companies even though they have more customers than others. "10+ years with National. Always a smooth "Quick & Easy check out in process with the Emerald Club.  Courteous shuttle driver.  Will definitely rent again Always good service service and plenty of car choices . This location has a emerald isle and which makes traveling easy  after midnight.  The staff was polite and helpful.  My only complaint is National is doing what others do  and started out.  The cars I have rented from this location have usually had the same problem -  inside glass   windshield was ""fogged over"" - windshields that get a lot of air conditioning blasts get this fog and it needs to removed with a clean  particularly on the inside.  That's not always something you see immediately when selecting a vehicle.  Please take more time to ensure the windshields are clean  and the employees are friendly." "This was my 1st time using national & I was very impressed.   I had signed up for their ""emerald club"" & when I arrived I had a great selection of vehicles to choose from.  It was quick & easy and I will definitely use National for all my future car rentals."  rewards and the fact that I always have a full tank of gas when I pick up the car. The staff is very friendly and professional and the choice of cars regarding quality are tops. Always clean. The only downside is the location at the airport and having to pay for parking Extremely quick and easy to deal with. It pays to use them because you can pick your own vehicle style at no extra charge. Much better than Hertz! Again it is only one & I won't hesitate to steer clear next time after the 3rd consecutive experience. And sorry won't take the name so can't help much there but here is some advice: Do not hesitate to call the manager if you encounter similar experience.  She might even lie that the manager just left for the day but obviously somebody is in charge every time and mostly more responsible so highly likely you will be heard. No other reason this facility will deserve anything less than 4 stars."  cars are in tip top shape.  Love that I'm able to choose my own car.  The shuttle drivers jump to grab my bags before I even get a chance.  They could not be nicer.  Even during the crazy Thanksgiving crowds  great service. Reccommended..." "I've always had a great experience at this National Car Rental location (and I use them about once a month). Staff is friendly  I feel that National Car offers the best value compared to the other rental agencies. I love the ability to pick your own car at the emerald isle. Another recent added benefit was the drive alliance We love being part of the Emerald club. Debbie was great. Our goto car rental location.  paper towels and clean then so that we could see"  tried calling all weekend and never got a call back. When I finally got ahold of them they told me that they outsource the cleaning and cant be liable for anything that was left in the car. And that was that. No effort at all to help me out. VERY DISAPPOINTED!! If you use this National.... PRAY that you don't leave anything in the car that you might want or need back. You wont get it!!!" My only neg is the worker that upselled me the prepaid gas package. I barely used half a tank and paid almost double. Pretty much a rip off Staff was perfectly friendly and the car was in great condition. Everyone from the shuttle bus driver to desk staff were very helpful and I was in and out of there in no time. Very happy customer : )"  answered all my questions with a smile. I signed up for the emerald club since I will be traveling to CLT often with my new job. It was the best thing for a quick in and out with no hassle at all. Looking forward to using National around the country."  and was able to get a last min reservation.  No issues with the staff or the car.  Great job!" "Love the Emerald Isle - especially at the new rental car terminal in CLT.  So easy - pick your car and you are out.  Without checking bags This is just one reason why I am an Executive member with National." I hope National (at all airport rental locations) will pay more staff for cleaning turning the vehicles in the future!" My flight from Charlotte to Birmingham was cancelled so I rented a car and drove home!  I had no problems getting a car at the last minute.  Thank you National Car Rental!!!! always great service...  SC so driving was my only option if I wanted to get home same day.  Within 15 minutes of a reservation being made with Emerald Aisle "I've been an Emerald Club member for about five years and wouldn't rent from another company.  Emerald Isle is so easy and quick  when a friend coworker introduced me to National 3 yrs ago. I immediately signed up for Emerald Club and never looked back. I have since referred everyone I know. They have great customer service Would totally do this again - AND the price was comparable to other car rental companies."  and off you go. No waiting. Return is just as easy. The receipt is in your email box seconds after leaving the car. No hassle." Sign up is free for the Emerald Club. You can start building your rewards immediately!"  and friendly service! Thank you National Car team."  and went ahead with my regular full size rental. Not only did National @ CLT result in my first disappointing experience with the brand  and now having the cars at the CLT airport parking building - it was an awesome experience!"  and rolled right up to security to board my flight. No wait. No hassle. No long crowded and hot shuttle ride with anxious fellow passengers."  the downside to this rental location is the lack of selection in the executive aisle compared to other locations."  pick your car and go. There is always someone around to help you find the isle if need be. Just join Emerald club."   It's the only way to go unless you like standing in lines waiting to rent a car." I travel a lot and have rented from several companies.  National's free Emerald Club makes it less painful to travel.  The cars are clean and ready to go without standing in line. "The process of renting a car with National was so easy. I contacted the 800 number  and reserved my car very quickly.  When I arrived at the Charlotte NC National car rental counter  Charlotte NC. Quick and easy pick up and drop . Courteous staff. Only problem I don't usually rate rental car companies but the National at Charlotte Airport is superb with their service! Very affordable prices to drive pretty nice cars. Will definitely be renting there again. Easy in & out...what more can you ask for??  I was surprised this process took a total of 15 minutes to complete (My company has the loss waiver in place for all rentals). He put us into a full sized SUV and sent us on our way. I was shocked how quick and smooth this went Pickup and drop off very easy. Especially liked not having to wait for another ride to get to the car. Saved a lot of time. Other airports should take note  National is by far the best.  There was no shuttle: it was just a short walk across the street to the car rentals.  We went directly to the car but they did not have any luxury cars [I had rented luxury t8Dz2luOZ-4NhT8DPxFdqQ  especially as an Emerald Club member.  The checkout and check-in of the vehicle when returning were both smooth and friendly.  I knock off one star because the selection available was not nearly as good as other locations I have rented from.  Still Through out the years and many business trips can say that National Car Rental has it together especially with their Emerald program. I just arrive at airport walk into the lot pick a car and drive away. No hassles and always a great selection. Weather its business or pleasure I highly recommend this company for any of your car rental needs. I see no reason to ever rent from anyone else. I had rented from someone else once last month and apparantly I had taken for granted how easy it was to pick up a rental at National. All I ever have to do is show up  I wish the rental firms would push the airport to fix the awning that leaks.  Creates an unsafe area with a lot of water when it rains.  Not a judgement on National but an overall thing to lookout for when walking to the rental facility (all firms affected)."  and the staff was impeccable.  I know it took a lot of hard work to make everything seem so simple.  The staff here should be commended.  I'd recommend National at CLT to anyone." "Being a member of the Emerald Club through my employer is one of my favorite benefits. I used the National Car Rental app on my iPhone to reserve a car quickly and easily. I was able to bypass the counter entirely when I arrived and could choose any car I wanted from an entire aisle of cars. Within minutes This location is actually the reason I use National exclusively when I travel for work or leisure." This is a great National location - I love that its now 'on property' and there's no more shuttle ride...saves lots of time.  They have a great selection of cars in the Emerald Isle.  Im a frequent traveler.  1) the rental lot has moved to the garage across from baggage claim-NO SHUTTLE! 2) a National employee noticed that I had a large amount of baggage and had me wait at the check-in booth while he brought a minivan to me.  Top shelf service." National car rental is easy to get to in CLT with lots of good vehicles to choose from.  I use National whenever possible as it's so quick and easy to get going to your destination and returning the vehicle.  the people that work there ALWAYS work to compensate you in some way. Really enjoy the new facility in Charlotte - super convenient and a great selection." The service I received from National car rental at the Charlotte NC airport was unparalleled - genuine and efficient. I would definitely use National again. I had a great experience with National and their Emerald Aisle makes it very easy and quick to pick up and drop off cars. The staff in Charlotte was great!  car was clean and leaving the lot was quick. When I returned the car the checkout was quick and I had my receipt in hand by the time I had my luggage out of the trunk. Very efficient and friendly."  just grab my bags and walk right out to the National parking  area and pick a car of my choosing. Just throw my bags in the trunk and drive towards the exit to be greeted by a very friendly staff member  while I'm an Emeral Club member they were out of cars for me.  I'm travelling on business so I wasn't aware of the race happening the weekend I flew in for the next several months.  I had an issue with the first vehicle provided to me. (Off the Executive row!) So they came to my office and exchanged the vehicle.  I have an issue with the billing  the gentleman checking me out actually walk me to where I needed to go.  I had a great customer service experience!!!"  I realized I had given them the wrong credit card since I was traveling on business and gave them my personal card.  The service agent quickly removed the charge on my personal card and placed the charge on my business card with no hassle.  Very courteous and fast." Always a good selection of vehicles in the Emerald Executive Isle "I love having my pick of the litter. I normally use Avis but my National is the company's preferred Rental Car carrier. I wanted a hassle free expense report so I followed the rules this go round and boy am I glad I did. Emerald Club lane was fast Everything I want from my car rental. Easy access from terminal both leaving the airport then returning. Always a friendly smile from the attendance and a very good car selection so I can play Goldilocks and get the automobile that fits me just right.  great staff (if you need them of course) and overall great service." "I have rented from National Car Rental at CLT on a fairly regular basis.  First the staff is very friendly and helpful when you need them.  They keep the cars in good shape Very fast. With car rentals across the street from terminal and Drop and go checkout. It's a very fast process.  Great selection for Executive Elite. Highly recommend! Always a great experience.  Easy to get to the rental cars- meaning great signage!  People are always friendly and knowledgable.  They always have cars too and good choices. Not something I would expect you want for a person who rents so much with you." "Never disappointed when I rent from National. I love the simplicity of selecting a vehicle in the ""aisle"". No long lines "New car rental location across baggage claim is a lot more convenient than before.  Lots of choices for vehicles either for Emerald and Executive Emerald aisles.  Staff is very friendly  but not overly helpful. I hope this CLT location will make some needed improvements." I will continue to rent from National at CLT and recommend them to other fellow road warriors."  and was directed outside immediately. Outside they directed me to an aisle where I could pick out any car. The car I picked had only a few miles on it and was wonderful. The return process was incredibly easy even though I had to change the credit card for payment. The whole process was so streamlined and pleasant that I will always check National first in the future when renting cars." They are so fast and easy to use!  I love the executive and aisle service.  You come off the plane and just pick the car you want to drive off in.  Drop off is super easy also.  They are my car rental company of choice for all of my trips. "Agent:  rude.  Manager:  rude.  They wouldn't rent me a car one way because I had a NC drivers license .  Went next door and got a car from another company   but Emerald Aisle selection is hit or miss. I've been out there twice in the last 4 weeks and the first time it was almost all SUVs (perfect since I was traveling with a coworker who was arriving on a later flight) but the second trip was all relatively small vehicles. I'm 6'1"" and not exactly thin  it is a very short walk from the baggage claim area of the Charlotte airport.  Being an Emerald Club Member has the additional benefit of skipping all lines and simply picking a car from the lot.  You can be in a car in 10 minutes after grabbing your bag." I'll stay with Avis and now I know why Time Warner doesn't use them as a corporate provider." "The most seamless car rental experience ever.  The agents were super friendly and helpful  I hate having to judge if I need to prepay for a full tank or half and I feel like if I don't use a full tank then I should be given some of my money back?  Pay for what you use  this team was most impressive on that morning."  I showed up with tears in my eyes at the Enterprise counter. Maleah was so incredibly helpful and caring. The group that helped me at the actual car rental site was equally professional and you could tell that they enjoyed working with each other. Even though other car rental places might be cheaper  you get at Enterprise a small car with no people willing to help you once you swiped your credit card."  great car selections and they give you the option to  choose which car you would like from their lot. Fast shuttle to take you to the airport. Can't believe how smooth and fast everything went."  you can just get the shuttle. The people here are friendly and helpful. Some Enterprises are working with tablets to do business Worse check-in system yet encountered in my travels.   About a 20+ minute wait after checking-in at the counter.   Will not go here again. If Enterprise was the last car rental place on the face of the earth and we don't have a car  next time we're in town (but also making sure we do an extra-thorough read-through of the fine print before we sign anything!)."  these are professional people working here. We got on the shuttle at 0700 and drove off the lot by 0717. Amazing!" Never EVER again. Stay away from this group of companies." I've rented here quite a few times. The staff is quick and friendly. The shuttle drivers are very nice as well. I recommend checking in at the terminal while waiting for luggage. Then when you arrive at Enterprise they take you straight out to your car choices. You can also check in at Enterprise if you don't want to stop by the desk near baggage. I've had a couple employees really pressure me to upgrade and that is annoying. They can see that I have a business account. If I was allowed to upgrade I would have done so already and it wastes my time when I am trying to get to the office for work.  Otherwise they have always been good and I've gotten the car I need. I'm happy to report that the situation has finally been settled. I'm thankful to the gentleman for reaching out to me. I will  certainly reach out to them again for my future rental needs. I have been a pretty regular Enterprise customer for the past few years and just joined the Enterprise Plus program.  My experience last week at the Charlotte-Douglas Airport  was terrific. I got my car promptly and was given top notch service by all the Enterprise team members.  I also got a brand new Jeep for only a $5 upgrade charge. So I really appreciated the manner in which I was treated by their staff. They have been good to me so I expect that I will be a loyal customer and continue to give them my business.  particularly to return the car to a different  location.  They explained the process very well.  The only issue that I had was that I had forgotten to pick up the direct contact information when I was in the office  boarded the bus and picked up my car.  Drove to GSO and arrived after midnight;  dropped off the key  and a bus was right there and ready to take me back to the terminal.  Good job by the Enterprise team."  polite and friendly! Will use them again definitely. Rates are reasonable. Rented a BMW!"  top notch service. After my reservation at Hertz got f'ed up I was panicking and stumbled upon Andrew S at the counter in the airport. We were quickly booked and on our way. Will return for sure!" The new building for the rental cars is beautiful and convenient! The staff was incredibly friendly and nice and I had a great experience.  I also really liked the car I rented for two days. The staff at Enterprise are wonderful. It is the auto industry I'd like to have words with." Outstanding customer service. They were happy I chose Enterprise. You do not see that with companies these days. The employes at Charlotte Int'l Airport were a pleasant surprise. I will glady use Enterprise for my future car rentals. xr0tU-S2z-X6rCOLMX18sw Enterprise is first class and makes it extremely easy to get in and out fast!  and this is the first time I've had a problem with the car." Best part is Customer Service call centre - courteous  every week and used Enterprise each week. The staff is beyond friendly. They are quick with the service  the person I spoke to couldn't help me and told me a manager would contact me soon.  I waited a few days and then contacted another location who quickly resolved my issue."  reasonable and reliable. I've never been disappointed.   I recommend this company everytime."  efficient and fair pricing are the hallmarks of Enterprise and why I continue to choose them over the rest.  Charlotte's airport Enterprise was all of the above!"  I have never been provided such a disgusting and dirty rental car.  The car that was provided to me had dirt and trash in the car and reeked of cigarettes. I had planned to drive the car to 3 destinatinations and had to drop the car at the second destination because the cigarette smell gave me such a horrible headache.  I travel pretty often and know rental cars usually aren't the cleanest--especially at the aiport Enterprise locations but this experience was unbearable.  I would highly recommend specifically requestibg a cleaned car and thoroughly looking over the car interior before accepting a car.  I'll be trying Hertz next time.." These guys & gals  set the standard that all others should strive for "Enterprise at the Charlotte Airport was great!  I had an unusual request and they handled it like an every day event.  All the staff were professional and social The experience has always been very positive for me." The people are really nice and helpful. I've rented from the Enterprise here now a few times and every time has been good. "Very good service and friendly staff. The only ""issue"" I have is that the phone number for the Charlotte airport location goes to an answering service.  A bit frustrating when one has a plane to catch and needs a quick response."  excellent service.  My friend had reserved a  car with another company that was more than twice the price!  She cx'd it of course.  Highly recommend this company :-)"  friendly and professional.  I even interacted with him upon return as he checked me back in. One person can make all the difference !" "Very fast and efficient customer service picking up and dropping off. The price was great and I got an upgrade for pretty cheap. I have a problem with the airport  quick and easy during a very busy weekend in Charlotte. The ability to drop off the vehicle at 4am the next business day was a Plus and the staff was very pleasant so early in the morning!" After a long day of travel on thanksgiving day we got to Enterprise to get a car around 11pm at night. It was my first time renting from them. My check in process was quick and everything explained to me very clearly. The lady that check us in was upbeat and very friendly. After the great experience i am planning on making enterprise my 1st choice in car rental. This review is for all of Enterprise. Your organization is top notch. You're customer service is so beyond everyone else's that it's amazing folks still rent from other places. And I have zero family members or interest in providing such a review. It's just worth saying because I keep renting from Enterprise and this is consistently the experience.  the customer service IN PERSON was great. I would've definitely given 4-4.5 stars if not for issues we had after dropping the car off. We realized we had left a very expensive pair of glasses In the car door after about 20 mins. Unfortunately we were already through security but we left a message on the listed number and figured by the time we landed in California we would have an answer.  We soon found out trying to get a hold of anyone there was literally impossible. We called multiple times for a month and left messages with no responses. Almost 2 months later we received a call back and surprise! They glasses weren't found in the lost & found. Like I said the rest of our experience was great the ending just left a bitter taste in my mouth. I will consider using them again but I will make darn sure I go through the car too to bottom!" Excellent service all the way around. My new favorite rental car company!  and friendly Enterprise rental in CLT.  Only complaint is that we don't fully understand having two locations; one for check-in and the other for pick-up.  We feel it's be quicker and easier to condense it into one location."  cheating and stealing."  so my rental car was already 4 days overdue. Of course ""renewing"" my contract entailed paying for the first month plus 4 days of late fees. Then the new shop wanted to charge me in advance for the next month. That didn't fly. I'm not sure how my agency is going to feel about exceeding the rental price previously locked in through Concur. That voucher is still in review. So Jenna was a doll! She was so kind and helpful in her customer service when our flight was canceled and we needed to reroute out of Charlotte. She was amazing-give her a raise. "I was in and out at the blink of an eye! Excellent service "After an dismal experience with AVIS I have forever switched to Enterprise!  The counter team are quick and courteous  there is NO way the car was washed.  I'm sorry but that's just NOT acceptable.  The car has more miles on it than my personal vehicle which is fine but I think it might be time to retire this one..."  go under construction overhangs and enter the large counter space for multiple rental car companies. Then once you work your contract  all the services are across the street. Will consider upgrade next visit as they do a good job and offer good value. Experiences like this one have helped me decide to make Enterprise my default rental provider." "Only rental agency I use because of its nationwide efficiency As usual renting a car through Enterprise was a breeze from booking to returning the vehicle. Everyone I dealt with was most professional in every way. From the moment I arrived at the counter to the time I drove away couldn't have been more than 10 minutes. The attendant who showed me the car gave me about 6 choices telling me the rate was the same on all of them. The only issue I had is I wish he had shown me where the gas door release lever was on the Nissan Altima I rented. When I stopped to fill up the car on my return it took a few moments (in the dark) to find it. Other than that I'll be renting from Enterprise again!!!  friendly service and a great car.  Enterprise so easy to rent a car and also return it. I would've given them 5 stars but you can never reach a person at clt location. I would like to be able to talk to someone when I have a question. but still loved the ease of renting and returning.  right at the airport. Pick-up and return could not have been easier! Very friendly and professional service."  was found to be due to an old take out container of rotten food with maggots that was left in the glove compartment. Both the smell and sight were quite disgusting."  I have quite a bit of experience with them. I cannot say how extremely helpful they are. They are accommodating and professional Standing in line at Charlotte international airport. Have a reservation and they have no cars ready. Line is long and the experience is horrible "Just great service from great people. They are not phony  shook my hand and introduced themselves to me. My transaction was smooth with no issues at all. We dropped it off at the CLT airport and everyone there was just has friendly! Yes It was a bit confusing with construction at CLT but once past finding the counter and heading up to the cars it was fine. The attending CS folks were very nice and friendly. Upon return promptly taken care of [not my experience with other companies]. All in all...a good choice for this city!  and each rental has gone smoothly and with no hassles. The check-in counter has one of the quickest lines in the airport's car-rental lobby The check in process is quick and easy as is the return process. I use the location in Charlotte many times a year and they have always had a great selection of cars to choose from. They are always friendly and helpful with loading my luggage and going over the details of any car I choose. I will continue to rent from them each time I'm in Charlotte. There are many restaurants within walking distance." "I hate to dis on a place that I stayed for free after being stranded in an airport after a cancelled flight....It wasn't great but it did the job.  The AC was loud and made it hard to sleep Would stay again for the location." They are so friendly here!  We were put up here after our flight was cancelled.  They got us right to a room and made us feel very welcome.  but I find it comforting. It certainly did the job  these are all fixable things and the good outweighed the bad for me so I'm giving country Inn  suites 3 stars" Stay here at your own peril!"  but I definitely will take a long hot bath to wash off the stench before I leave!" We chose this place during an emergency situation when weather interefered with our plans traveling through Charlotte.  The venue is convenient to the airport.  It is clean and the service was above average.  We received a discount due to our assocaition with the airline that dumped us in Charlotte.  The room was clean and comfortable.  The beds were comfortable.  The free 24 hour shuttle is a plus.  Free Internet.  I would definitely recommend this property. It is what it is. A budget airport hotel. The staff are friendly. The free cookies are fresh and tasty. We were there from 1230 - 6. Slept in a comfy bed. Had a hot shower. No complaints.  but I can't knock them for that. This is a hotel where you'll feel very at home. Bonus points for quietness and cleanliness." Oh and let me warn you about the shower head. More water came out around the the head than the place it was supposed to. And the toilets didn't flush well either." Overall - OK. BEDS SEEMED CLEAN. rooms were clean - but no friggen elevators?!?!wow. I'm writing another line so this is a review and not a tip. Am I there yet??  nice personal. Exercise room has weight machine and treadmill machine. No elevator but nice clean hallways. Good place and for me 3.5*"  I discovered what appeared to be a bed bug. I called the receptionist to notify them and she was very nonchalant as if it happens all the time and simply said she would notify maintenance. No apology  as well as my TV had no signal until the maintenance guy came and did something. The next morning...same issue "Do not stay in this hotel. I woke up to an open soap bar  as well as ironing board and iron. The staff are fast and super polite. Very affordable and great for the price."  helpful and very accommodating.  The hotel itself is in need of a serious upgrade to make it to 3 stars.  The walls in the room show signs of serious water damage with cracks in the plaster and peeling paint and wallpaper.  The TV is outdated and old.  The number of channels is limited.  The plumbing system needs some serious attention.  There were two temperatures...freezing cold or scalding hot.  The medium temperature selection resulted in a water flow akin to a trickle.  With other hotels in the same 3-star category such as the Hilton "I recently stayed here through Priceline. I was pretty disappointed. It was overall not nearly as clean as you'd expect it and furthermore what appeared to be the manager at the front desk was berating a woman who appeared to be a new hire in front of the customers. I felt terrible for this woman. Just a terrible presentation overall and if I had a choice  do not eat dinner in the depressing restaurant." On Hotwire I got this room for $68 if you were to walk in the rate is $99.  So thank goodness I got it for the cheaper price!  Better than my last hotel stay @ La Quinta but still gross" There are a couple nicer options nearby that probably don't cost much more."  pay a little extra money and book a hotel in Uptown Charlotte. This place doesn't deserve the business." Nice staff.Dirty. There was fecal matter on my shower curtin. Cleanliness is not a priority here.  Hotwire is the reason for all my problems. I will never do name your own price.  the desk clerk and staff make an effort to equal that in service.  No problems with cleanliness at all.  Worth the 50.00 and unless you are living in the hotel half the time If only every customer service agent was this intuitive!" We stayed a week for a conference.  The hotel is under renovation.  The rooms are really nice.  The bathrooms are a little small.  We were told on check in that there was free continental breakfast on Tuesday  through Fridays.  That was weird in itself shouldn't it be everyday?  The front desk person went on to say that we needed vouchers but we would need to wait until the next day to get it.  Red flag!!! The next day around noon we go down stairs only to be told that we didn't need vouchers.  So my mom goes down on wed. To eat only to be told afterwards that there was a $9.99 fee.  She was able to eat without being charged...but management needs to get it together.  For the record...its not worth $9.99.  I hate having to beg for towels....and please dont give me a towel with someone else's make up.  You can see it just like i can when you are replacing them.  The Holiday Inn Brand shouldn't be abused just because there is a conference in town.  I forgot to mention that we were also charged for a suite when there are no suites in the hotel.  They did take care of that after a day of run around...my advice stay at another holiday inn until they get it together!!!!! The staff are extremely friendly and courteous. The hotel is still going through massive renovations. Room on third floor was nice.  quiet and clean. The restaurant is basic but that's all I need.  I've stay at a Hilton garden inn and Hyatt place this well and the Holiday Inn was nicer than both of them.  Highly recommended" Guess it made our trip that much more adventurous. :)" The hotel provides great quality for the price and is less than a mile away from the airport."  room was very clean and newly redone. Beautiful room. Hotel was going through renovation but that didn't stop me from sleeping peacefully. Glad I stayed here instead of the other surrounding hotels."  location near airport. They should have better lunch options in Restaurant."  tasteful appointments. Nice bed & bedding. Super quiet AC. Healthy dining options and ~8 beers on draft. Decent exercise room." I had my stuff taken out of my drowers I called that same day I left and they didn't return my call. I called back 3 days later and the house Keeping didn't receive the memo from the front dest. She sed nothing gets past out to others around here. That explains way I've been waiting for a call that is not really being looked for. When you loose your stuff you expect them to call you or email you they have that information but not her. There modow should me IF YOU LEAVE YOUR STUFF DONT EXPECT THEM TO GET THEM BACK WILL GIVE YOU THE RUNAROUND.  and the staff was great.  We called at the last minute when we missed our holiday connection home.   They gave us early check in.  Had business center to print our new boarding passes.  Great shuttle to and from airport. All we could have asked for." this makes a BIG difference when we have a stressful day!"  which is annoying and other HI locations in Charlotte don't require that.  The water pressure and flow are feeble and fluctuating. Shower nozzle doesn't spray vigorously.  Toilet paper is cheap.  There was trash in the hallway both days Casey's Restaurant serves breakfast from 6:00am to 11:00. Lunch from 11:00 to 2:00pm and dinner from 5:00pm to 11:00pm. "We are moving from Virginia to Texas and stopped here for the night. The night staff were very helpful and friendly however the morning staff were not. It was literally like night and day difference. We were told that kids eat free for breakfast. In the morning we decided to go ahead and just eat there to save time. We sat ourselves waited 10 minutes before a staff member came over to talk to us. After 15 minutes we get our drink orders taken. I then start looking for a menu and there is none to be found. After 20 minutes now we finally get something to drink. The woman brings my children barely half a cup of milk with no lid. Well you can only imagine what happened next when you have a two year old (partly our fault for not bringing a sippy cup because we were to tired to look for it and I had asked for one). She then asked me if I wanted coffee after I had ordered it twice and it had been brought out. She then proceeds to spill the coffee all over the cup "Underwhelmed by their ability to handle a group reservation as they charged two clients' personal cards who were covered by our company card. Had to call back as the manager didn't return my call within six hours. She barely apologized...said ""sorry about that"" as she hung up the phone. I get that mistakes happen but when they do  the rooms have been recently remodeled and the beds are very comfortable. I gave it 4stars instead of 5 only because the gym is on the small side "Went in without a reservation and they went out of their way to get us a room and a discount. The room was spacious and very comfortable  who knows what else may have been taken?? The management's overall apathy sealed the deal for me--I will not be returning under any circumstances."  terrible management!  Waiting outside our doors at 9 am to get out when checkout is 11.  I would not suggest this hotel to anyone staying in the Charlotte area!"  no complaints there either.  If you're looking for a cheap place to stay while visiting Charlotte and don't plan on spending much time in your room This is not a great hotel location is horrible and not such are area in Charlotte you have to drive 5 .8 miles to get to anything worth eating at . I was up set to know there wasn't any non smoking room I woke up at 8 am smelling people smoking in there room and the halls . I recommend stay any where but here ..... "Room is small. No fridge. Location is fine for the price. It's 10 min from anything good. Pool is nice. They couldn't supply me with an extra tube of shampoo because ""they didn't have none"" lol right. So my girlfriend had to do her best with the tiny tiny tube they give you. Ice bucket wasn't washed and had some sticky stuff. Room was clean but I do think they have an ant problem at least outdoors. Saw too many on my clothes and towels. Price is reasonable. Staff is okay. Water is hot."  and appeared perpetually dirty (I think it just needed to be replaced). The pillows were lumpy. There was a mini fridge  kitchen area which was nice. The location is hard to find A paying customer that will never patronize your business again!"  our room was clean and our bed was comfy... What else do you expect?! We stayed here after attending an event at Charlotte Motor Speedway... This was such a pleasant surprise. It was an easy drive [15 minutes] and it is SURROUNDED by food options... Even a Waffle House that is 10 steps away and open 24 hours! This is our new go to for the Concord  Charlotte area and between!"  so there is always an option to walk to when you get drunk in your room (I know I do) Not a bad place overall." XylFle2P1m99AjifI7bfpg Stopped here on the way to Fort Jackson.  It's not in a great neighborhood & right off of the freeway so it's noisy. The staff was really friendly but the rooms were dirty. The shower looked like the showers in RV's.  we were supposed to stay for three days but after we saw people having relations in the pool at noon we decided it wasn't the safest place to be. The staff was very understanding about canceling our stay. I wouldn't recommend this place.  my daughter enjoyed the indoor pool and the lobby breakfast area are clean enough. This in no way makes up for the horrible stench of this place. I feel dirty just being here."  for FOUR days!!! My grandchildren cried and begged me not to make them shower. B. I did not know the electrical outlet did NOT work. In town for a college graduation and phone did not charge to take pictures during my son' ceremony. C. Incompetent ""maintenance"" personnel. D. RECEPTION DESK: Lack of a sense of urgency plus NO follow-up. Refused to let my husband in room when hotel KEY DID NOT WORK Through this whole ordeal the staff was awesome. They tried everything in their power to make my experience great. Thanks Greg! After it was all said and done my non refundable prepaid room was refunded with an apology (no necessary but appreciated) I for one will be visiting this hotel again! After the renovations are complete of course :)" guh1IT9l-USl0_5naD9zaA  it is customer service and the personal touch that makes an impression.  To be refused a place to stay by disallowing a $82 cash payment for the night is a definite indication that something more was at play here.   When I called Brett back from my cell phone travelers beware. avoid bad service and disappointment. stay at the nearby microtel instead!  if your looking for a place to spend the night for a cheap price guh1IT9l-USl0_5naD9zaA  for my room there was only 1 working plug in outlet because of past guests (or so it appears) that was pretty much the only downside during my stay checked in December 1st and within 20 minutes of touching the bed our party at 3 or 4 bed bug bites switched rooms and again had more bed bug bites in a different room "the friendly desk staff can't make up for bedbugs.  Orkin was here treating one. night. They first got my roommate and then got me two nights later.  I added pics for proof.  otherwise I was happy with the room  and some lady outside having an extremely loud conversation. Never ever ever again-I would rather sleep in my car 1st!" Make sure you're ready for NASCAR! This Hotel is as close as you may want to be from The Charlotte Motor Speedway. Get your Motor running. The staff and management are on a roll. AUCSmSZ3fbBeuIhR_51WhQ "Do not stay here. Awful. As though it's not shabby enough with the slowest ""service"" in the daytime "Got a deal on Priceline for a couple of night here. They honored my request for a King Room and we also put in a remodeled room.  Microwave fridge  microwave and lg tv.. Nice shower and bathroom.. Front desk staff super friendly and nice.. Pleasent surprise for the cost.. Some construction downstairs but it didnt bother us a bit"  hair on the walls.  Hair.  Lots of it.  And it's not mine.  Did I mention there's hair everywhere?" "We used our holiday inn rewards to stay here. We had an excellent experience. Our room was upgraded to a gorgeous a suite. The hotel and room were very clean  and the location can't be beat. Only 10 minutes from the race track and within walking distance of many places to eat."  and clean updated rooms."  very nice staff.  great complementary break fast and evening snacks.  Free shuttle service!! I really enjoyed my stay and i would recommend to everyone." Nicely appointed standard Holiday Inn.  Close to UNCC.  Breakfast buffet was well stocked and clean.  Nice bar in lobby.  Lots of parking.  I would search for something a little nicer since there are numerous other hotels nearby. Can't beat the value though if you don't have unlimited funds!"  and has been remodeled in the last 5 or so years.  The area has many restaurants that are close which makes this an ideal spot."  and packaged cereal standard fare would you could normally get for free at most other Holiday Inn locations. Not even omelets made to go. They gave me a 50% off coupon as an IHG Gold member "The hotel staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was spot on to the pictures and reviews from the web. My only complaints were having to pay for breakfast and the other guests. The hotel was highly occupied by tons of youth This is my new Charlotte go-to spot." I would give 0 stars if allowed..." Perhaps it is worse on NASCAR days but it wax fine for me."  and more. Better than most free breakfasts. I will most definitely consider Residence Inns on any future trips if there is one in the area  I would probably have selected a property near the airport since we were flying out so early in the morning after the race.  Something to think about." What a clean comfortable hotel. Stopped here on our way home from Boston and it was a lovely respite.  the lady tending to it was very nice but never cleaned or restocked the entire time we were there which made it difficult for other guests to enjoy since they were constantly asking for food. The coffee was only warm in one of the canisters CN6AB-R4OLsKxFhQ1Kk68g I will continue to stay here any time I am back in Charlotte for work." CN6AB-R4OLsKxFhQ1Kk68g "Accomindations nice.  Staff very friendly.  Very service oriented.  Neg....there is NOT ""cute"" shops nearby.  They are empty....TV..not HD.or digital...looks lie your typical antenna.  Service makes up for it.  Great folks.  Free Wifi..Marriott charges $13 night."  as they have a shuttle service to our office (5 minute ride)." Very NICE hotel!  I have stayed here twice and all  things wanted in a great hotel they have!!!  here we are in our room with a bath tub that the paint is chipping off of and the tv doesn't work. We were charged for a movie that we can't even watch. Highly dissapointed. You would think that with a big name like Hilton "My husband and I spent 2 nights here last week.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The bed was comfortable.  The room was clean.  The bar served us beer that wasn't cold enough.  The room service breakfast was wonderful.  The upstairs hallways were warm and muggy.  Housekeeping was really good.  I would stay again.  It isn't fancy "I was at this hotel for a convention and it was fine.  The meeting rooms were fine.  My hotel room was fine. The restaurant was fine.  The staff was fine. Everything was fine  my room seemed a little run down with a broken desk but it was all clean." I'll be back next summer as another hosting organization will have a conference there!"  but the downside of leaving on Sunday morning is the lack of luggage carts and more than two people can lug by themselves.  Doesn't checking out happen every day?"  great place for kids. They have a play ground. There is a lake and you can rent a paddle boat." Seemed to nickel and dime their guests at every opportunity and also appeared to be understaffed. We will not bother to stay here again in Charlotte  and ready to kick off my shoes.  I will readily recommend this location to any visiting clients in the future." Recently renovated but my room was not completed and ac did not function properly.    The lounge is nice touch but not enough to overcome the staffs lack of detail and follow through.    Will give this place one last shot but not holding me breath "I had my family reunion here recently and was very pleased with the hotel. The banquet staff as well as the sales and catering staff were very helpful and my family reunion was a success. The hotel was extremely busy that weekend so I was very surprised that they were able to a meet our specific request. I did not stay in a room  I would definitely come back again." Currently staying here. Clean rooms and comfortable beds.  Sometimes parking can a bit of a hassle.   Front desk staff always friendly.  My room was recently redone.  Great location.  but it definitely lacked tact. All this would've been forgiven if the bed weren't so stiff and the pillows so crappy." I would definitely consider this hotel again when I'm back in Charlotte for work."  after working 20 hours and the front desk guy came up to me and rudely said I can't sleep in the lobby... Im nicely dressed sitting upright and I dozed off for a few minutes from being so exhausted. When I explained I'm a guest he didn't care and was adamant i can't doze off again because ""people are asking questions"" from that unkindness I won't stay here ever again. If I was an 80 year old woman would he have said the same thing? No Very clean and comfortable room with a great team here. Walking distance to tons of restaurants and shops as well. Beautiful views at night and easy access to the highway. This was a great stay in the middle of a long trip. Older Hilton property but seemed nice. Got a nice upgrade with a nice view of the lake outside. Executive lounge is nice and service good. Got a good rate so would stay here again.  comfy bed. Nice bathroom except the tub has a really slow drain. Restaurant being remodeled at the time of my visit so breakfast buffet is congested. Traffic in this area is pretty bad at rush hour." This is not the place to stay for a weekend get away. They are often way too booked on events which of course doesn't cater to resident guests. This evening there are 2 weddings 2 family reunions and on sweet 15 party. It felt like a made house. Please I employ you to find a better place to stay on your weekend get away. "I have to comment on the customer service at this hotel. We always stay here when visiting our boys who attend UNCC & they just keep getting better at what they do. This is a large chain hotel that handles each guest with the grace & personal service of a first class B&B. Marieta Bryan  but definitely outdated and the food could definitely use some work."  but the first thing is luck of the draw and the second...as long as it doesn't last isn't a shocker." The courtesy shuttle is great and also within very short walking distance there is plenty of shopping." "I came here due to my poor experience at Comfort Inn Suites down the street. It was a much better experience. The room was clean All in all great experience and I'd stay here again."  another event was held in 1 other section and 1 section inbetween us. The group in the other section was extremely loud to the point we could not hear our event speakers at all. I complained to our Banquet Captain at least 6 times about the noise level. He said he would ask the other group to turn their speakers down and it continued to get louder. The Banquet Manager or Captain were no help at all. I also had problems when it was time for the dinner portion of our event. We gave the Banquet Captain exact table numbers and seating numbers  trout and a cranberry on the rocks shaken not stirred. Took forever to get my complicated drink but the calamari is what did me in. I'm watching Dallas vs. OKC and I heard a knock during the break and I looked around and couldn't figure where the knocking sound was coming from. Game is getting good OKC has a 14 pt lead and the music for the break comes on... I hear the knocking again... So I reach inside the bag and the calamari is beating on the plastic Togo box. So I opened it and holy smokes it starts doing the wave to the NBA songs. I grab a fork and what the hell I ate it and now I understand why it was still moving. It had that much salt on it!!! Like one of the science projects from high school. My blood pressure is up in the air like Kim Kardashian's legs (sorry Yessy) up like unemployment in the black community (I'm black I can say that) up like my uncle Willie on Viagra at 6am... I went to my aunt Helens room and stole one of her high blood pressure pills. Had hurtle over uncle Willie to get to them but I'm better now. Hey chef... Lay off the got damn salt  I would expect so much more from a Hilton property. I have stayed here before and the elevators have been an issue for quite awhile. However  luv luv luv my view of the water! Only problem was I wished the WiFi was completely free for guest. As they have limited free WiFi meaning no streaming which is DUMB" "First impression was that the outside looks very outdated compared to the pictures shown online. The inside was much nicer. Lobby was very crowded and waited over 10 minutes to get checked in (by someone I could not understand with her accent). I guess if you want to pay an extra $50-$75 you can have a lake view The front lobby area smelled- I think someone had just dropped a load in the nearby bathroom so not sure I can blame the hotel. We can probably thank the motor speedway fans with their hot dogs and beer diet. I am thankful the hotel didn't have one of those obnoxious air fresheners blowing out constant scents to try and mask the smell." My family of 4 is staying here while our house is being worked on. I expected much more from a Marriott. We have been here 3 nights (with 6 more to go) and I wish we could move somewhere else. So far I have witnessed 3 drug deals in the parking lot. A car was broken in to in broad daylight. The police have been here twice and arrested people. The next door guests partied until 3:30 am last night even after the staff asked them to keep it down.  All of this in just three nights! Will not stay here again!  and the manager of the property was unfazed that we were a target. With out concern the front desk person had mentioned that they saw suspicious people about and did NOTHING - ABSOLUTELY FUCKING NOTHING- I travel for my work and most of the time we stay at Marriott properties Let me start by saying I log many a Marriott night for work. This particular town place would rank on the low end of the Marriott chain hotels. Old rooms with little frills here.  The kind of place where you wouldn't want to spend more than one night and move on. The workout room looks like a Petri dish that hasn't seen antibacterial spray pre year y2k. The weights look like they are from East Germany before the wall came down. On the bright side my employer will like that I got a great rate on the room. Wouldn't recommend for longer stays and wouldn't want to stay here w  my family in tow. I probably wouldn't stay at this location again because of the small lobby breakfast area. But as far as rooms go it was very spacious and comfortable. And clean." The hotel's in a great location and we got a good rate -- $77 a night for Friday and Saturday night.  I think Mom booked it off some discount site and once we asked about their military rate  the thing that will drive a guy nuts is housekeeping.  Regardless of if you hang the DND door tag I'll say the most annoying part is when housekeeping raps on the door around 8-8:30 or so.   Totally annoying especially when you have the DND tag out.  It could be for the door next door While this Hampton Inn's atmosphere and cleanliness was consistent with every other Hampton Inn I've stayed at Nice and quiet hotel off the main road a lot of people miss if they not paying attention. Very clean and nice staff.  but don't expect any wow."  the elevators over heated at midnight setting the alarm off and putting the elevators out of service. Thank goodness I was staying on the first floor with my disabled mother. Run away from this property as quickly as possible!" I come to charlotte to visit my inlaws and can not stay with them because I am allergic to pets. This will be my hotel choice from now on when I visit!" Had to come to Charlotte for my mom's surgery. The rate was higher than what was posted on the Internet but was corrected by the desk employee.  The room was clean upon my arrival. Construction was very bad in the area but nevertheless the room was quiet. XEIBxVb0fduylFJ_P05rEQ "Very dissapointed in this hotel. Made a reservation in June for July. The clerk made and error and made the reservations for June. We went to a wedding only to find the hotel had no room. They did nothing for us  the staff has turned over and this is really one of the reasons I've stayed.  Great location but the rates are all over the board.  Since I travel a lot and use Hilton properties exclusively (almost)  feel like home. It's a lil bit small but have everything you need." The stay was great! Great staff...breakfast was awesome! Shower was spacious! I will be coming back to stay here again! Very small rooms but nice and clean. They do have good breakfast. The only complaint would be the the stink of smoking in the lobby and the floor I stayed in. Nice lodging option for this area Lesson learned: don't be cheap."  you will not be refunded.  Always take a look at the room first before buying.  And be willing to spend more to avoid a smok- free First time in this hotel nor bad at all .staff are genuinely friendly . breakfast is included which is mediocre. The rooms are nice clean . FYI there are no tubs only showers but it wasn't really that bad I would definitely come back here Pretty nice place in a nice area. The room was very nice and had a great layout. The breakfast was pretty good as well. The only negative was hearing other people leaving early in the morning. The doors for the rooms naturally slam shut so they are pretty loud. Other than that it was very pleasant. "We stayed at the Sleep Inn on Tryon St in Charlotte for two nights while visiting. The hotel is near everything in the ""University"" district including the Music Pavilion. I was impressed by the affordability of the queen-smoking room (one of few hotels that still offer smoking & non-smoking rooms); including the hot breakfast offered every morning (which was actually good! They offered eggs Free Wifi and HBO in the rooms is a plus as well.  It located near some restaurants in walking distance and its off the main road which helps with the noise." Would definitely recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again." My son and I slept on the regularly issued prison issued mattress on couches. Needless to say I got no rest. The sheets also had holes in them. The only saving grace for this hotel was the parking and wifi were free rBbzUCU9iU1XxyNVXf4T2A I had a reasonable corporate rate. I would stay here again at that rate."  comfy fluffy bed. Microwave fridge in room. Had a small issue at check in (booked online) but they fixed it and no real hassle. The fifth star was one employees doing. Joanna saw I had my infant in my arms and offered to make a waffle for me at the breakfast station. Then I noticed she wasnt working but on break eating herself. Above and beyond." Rant over. Calling corporate offices to complain about this place... Its beyond unacceptable."  and in my suitcase all over my clothes. I was bitten by one of the ants which led to an allergic reaction and infection that sent me to the Emergency Room. Stay here at your own risk."  you will find that the whole building is under construction and that all of the floors and ceilings have been ripped out.  When I climbed into bed  then work a bunch of hours then shown up at a hotel to find it being worked on to the point that it's amenities are not available. At that time of night Mold mildew all in the showers and not a clean pillowcase in site.  I am not a picky person but I've stayed at campgrounds with cleaner bathrooms and $40 hotels with cleaner bedding.  very friendly staff and the rooms are very clean...fresh smell hits you as soon as you walk in!! Would definitely stay here again!!" really affordable and clean. staff was extremely friendly. sweet breakfast in the morning. good value for the price point.  I was disappointed. There was a smell as soon as I walked in the room. It was dark and dingy. There was a hair on one of the beds and the bedskirt was not straight. The curtains were also dingy looking. I wore flip flops at all times because the carpet just looked old and dingy. I saw several ants and killed some other bugs. The toilet stopped up and I called the front desk. They promptly brought me a plunger! That's right bhKezejlkQeUiz-U98gQsQ  this place is OK. It is clean and you have a bit more space than a typical hotel room and a fridge to save leftovers or keep a bottle of wine and some real silverware Only deserving of 2 stars." DzZfyKpQTNzSFGFSo3HunA "I have enjoyed my stay very much. The complimentary breakfast was also very delicious. My room was clean and comfortable. My only complaint was the amount of TV channels offered The property had fire logs available for burning in the fireplace in your room -- that's a good touch.  Stay here if you have business in the area and desire a kitchen and want a little more room than a typical hotel room.  Lots of good restaurants within walking distance.  And finally Rooms are very clean and spacious. The beds were extremely comfortable and full of high quality pillows. I will definitely be staying here again!"  don't be fooled.   I have staid at other homewood suites in the past This place super exceeded my expectations.  Friendly welcoming staff... Clean facilities.... Super easy check in... Great spacious clean room... I highly recommend and will stay at another location if I had the option. ***And to the housekeeper that stole my snickers bar...... Not impressed! It was a pumpkin flavored one and i was excited to try it!!!" "I have stayed here on a number of occassions while working nearby. Don't let the affordable pricing fool you  I'd highly recommend this place as a good stop just off I-85." The suite was really nice and homey. The area was really clean. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice suite in the University area! "Budget hotel at best.  The furniture is worn and dirty .  Yes I got a smoking room because this was the one that was available - it wasn't the smoke smell that bothered me but whatever they use to get rid of the smell is sickening!  I've stayed at many Homewoods before and I must say this is at the bottom .  Pool was at least open where the Hampton across the street was closed for repairs. It was also pricey for what you get and the construction that's been going on for the Blueline is not doing the neighborhood any favors. The staff is ok  and he was no where near finished. Why would they send us to an ""upgrade"" that wasn't non smoking without disclosing it was a smoking room (as confirmed by the random man in the room) and why would they send us to a room that wasn't ready?!? We called and were able to move back to our original room This hotel has the worst customer service that I have ever seen. They were rude and the room wasn't clean. They had several homeless people hanging out in the lobby. This place is a nightmare. The price is appealing but not worth it. The room I was given has water damage in the ceiling near the window. The light fixtures were hanging out of the ceiling and were surrounded by mold. And the door would not lock. I asked for a refund and left immediately. "If I could give it  0 I would. Is this place a crib for hooking? More midnight traffic than a 24 hour Dennys.  Jesus "Do NOT stay here! The rooms are extremely cramped! Absolutely zero walking space! The bed was very uncomfortable! The iron in our room didn't work so when we called to the front desk to ask for another the lady was very rude about it and asked if we could bring the broken iron down to her. The only thing about it was that the iron was locked on to the ironing board with a cable making it impossible for me to remove it. When I informed the lady of the secondary problem she became very annoyed with me and asked me to come down and just pick up a different iron. Also  when I walked in I thought the entire place was impeccably clean. Even our room was clean and smelled terrific. A gleaming ""90% sanitation"" rating hung over the front desk. The beds were comfortable but the pillows were a bit lumpy. The only thing I can complain about was the maids shouting down the hall way at each other while my husband and I tried to nap after our drive. The receptionist was courteous. Oh. The rooms were small because in case anyone who complained about that can't read: you booked a room at a MICROTEL!" "Well the adventure started when our room didn't have a room number next to the door. It had fallen on the floor.  Upon entering the smell of some sort of air freshener nearly burned my sinuses.  It made me worry what smell they were trying to cover up.  Next I went to wash my face in the bathroom to find that the facet is too close to the sinks edge  and the halls and lobby. Our queen size bed was very comfortable with 4 pillows that seemed almost new. The bathroom towels were on the small side and only 3 ""bath"" size for 2 adults didn't seem enough. Nice to have in-room coffee pot  Please renovate your Inn. MICRO- tel is spot on as the rooms are MICRO"  a big group might get cramped. I will definitely be staying here again when I come back into town."  the stairwell smelled like vomit. Shower was covered in soap scum. Gross! Walls are filthy. Definitely not worth $145 a night I stopped late while traveling. Everything was clean. Friendly staff. Inexpensive. The  air-conditioning worked well. Clean and comfortable at a good rate. Would stay here again. "For the price we paid I was expecting to be mortified.  We were pleasantly surprised.  The staff was fantastic Lvk4P_Npmueqs-n1hAxxWw  got a great rate ($75). Great if you are looking for a no frills place that is still comfy "Friendly staff. New and clean. Comfortable beds. With supper included  the reasonable price and the cleanliness of the place make this a hotel that I would definitely recommend to others when looking for a place to stay in Charlotte." And ""Thank You"" to all the staff who made our stay wonderful."  we each got two drinks and snacks (could easily serve as dinner). I highly recommend this hotel. Again--nicest staff ever!" Nice hotel. They were In the middle of renovations when i went but I had no complaints. Its no Hilton or anything but a lot more reasonably priced and still decent. "Excellent  hotel!  My husband and i stayed here for the Coca Cola 600 2014 and it was very nice. Employees are great and very helpful  2 drinks per night. Nice indoor outdoor pool with swim-under divider and cozy jacuzzi. Easy access in and out. Love it!"  a couple of years ago. I remember it being a decent place to stay for the night. We were expecting the same but got MORE! They have renovated the lobby area since the last time I was there. Arrived during a busy check-in time but was helped promptly. The smell of popcorn was amazing. We checked-in and helped ourselves to the popcorn and soda. Sweet! Our room was between the meeting room and gym on the main floor. We expected to hear lots of foot traffic as we were on the main hallway. We were pleasantly surprised that we had no noise issues. The bed was comfy and he room was neat. It was a great evening. The staff was very friendly. Definitely recommend to others."  pet friendly.  Free breakfast  but was same menu daily.  It would be nice if they mixed it up breakfast menu. This is why I gave them four stars. Also had difficulty finding somewhere to walk my two dogs." Excellent stay...pet friendly clean hotel.  Comp Breakfast a great way to get your day started.  Comp lite fare and drinks in the evening are a great way to end your day.  Staff is helpful courteous and friendly.  Will definitely be back. During the first nights buffet a HUGE group of teenage rugby playing boys all came with their chaperons to the hotel...later that evening around 10:45 pm they were all still downstairs in the lobby   atrium doing rugby moves jumping over furniture and being as loud as if they were at an outdoor concert. To heighten the craziness the hotel does allow dogs and my neighbor had a small dog that they had left in the hotel room for most of the day and almost all of the evening. when a small dog is lonely he barks a LOT... Because of these two issues I went down stairs the next morning and went to speak with the lady [Amy] at the front desk. Amy was EXTREMELY apologetic..Poor thing I was like the 6th person to talk to her about the issue.  she changed my room  good breakfast and nice staff. Probably the best hotel I've been to in this price range." Was disappointed in this hotel. Read all the great reviews and looked forward to it. Hotel is definitely outdated. I had to switch rooms because the AC in my room wasn't working properly.  The breakfast was ok but the afternoon snack they put out was not good at all. One day it was cold chicken fingers and the next it was cold hot dogs and poor looking baked potatoes. Both days we took one bite and couldn't eat anymore. The staff at the hotel is very nice and accommodating. I would say this is an average 3 star hotel and not what the other high ratings make it out to be. I have accumulated a lot of points and now I can use them when I take my family on vacation to Disney!!!"  free breakfast. Complimentary everything!!!! Service people are all very nice! scored a Priceline deal and honestly one of the best hotel chains I've stayed at for the price. No complaints considering it was everything I needed and under my budget. Jacuzzi and Pool were nice also and the room was clean"  a nice room for a good price. My one complaint is that the ""heater"" blows cold air when you turn the heat on  it better be just to go through the ""Cook Out"" drive through EazMTR-bLp8DQgMfUqQMoA  we notice a lot of police in the area and it looked to be in a bad neighborhood. The room and bed was fine and the hotel did not look run down. We only stayed one night and went back home. Next we will find something better and in a better location." Take my word. Don't waste your time or money.  And if you don't believing me ask if you can see a room before paying. And I bet they will refuse cause the photos look nothing like the rooms.  Trust and go elsewhere. I lost money. No refund and I have to wait till the money hits my bank and then I get it back but as I am leaving the USA. Well that will take time.  So don't take my word. If they don't let you see. Go else where. Why would they say 15 mins lose refund. Simple. It's that bad!!!!!!!!!! Unprofessional when owner says go to hell to a customer asking for refund!!  I won't even give it one star if I could but I have to" Thanks for the great service" Be very careful. Go to better places. Check airport hotels. Same price and so much better."  the price was right and the staff was friendly. If I'm ever back in Charlotte I will for sure stay here." Its not in a good area at all however management does an EXCELLENT job at keeping all the crack heads and hookers off the property. Its not the best hotel but its cheap. You get what you pay for. If you have to stay any where off exit 41 & I85. This or the Super 8 are your best options. DO NOT STAY AT ANY OTHER MOTELS IN THIS AREA unless you want cracked out crack ho propositioning you every 5 minutes. Had a woman and two men banging on my door at 5am looking for a man that wasn't even there. Called the front desk for help but didn't answer the home. It was a rough night. Room wasn't completely clean either. Found food and trash in the refrigerator. The outside of the fridge was filthy. The breakfast was weak. Never going back. "I drive truck and I have to say this place is shady and I have stayed at some shady truck stops. I Give It 2 Stars because the guy at the front desk was cool Side note: I've been staying here for about 3 or 4 years now. It's a great place."  my boyfriend was hungry and ever place we passed was closed. When we got back to the hotel we saw a sign that said the Candlewood Cupboard (convenience store) was open 24 hrs Overall my 7 day stay felt like I was right at home and it can't get any better than that!" "It was clean and comfortable. I'm giving it a 4 because I was bothered at twice by the room attendants despite having my ""Do Not Disturb"" sign out." "I stayed at this location about a month ago and my stay was very pleasant. The surrounding area had very nice places to eat and shop. The hotel itself was clean and quiet and the staff made us feel very welcomed. Our room had everything we needed soft towels Definitely will stay here again!" It's surly a good deal and I m returning here if I m not planing a quite  and new the room felt when we walked in. I mean it's so nice and everything feels so new that I felt like nobody had even slept in the bed before us. I know that is not true but it really says a lot about a hotel that can have each room so clean that as a guest I feel that way. The office desk space is so nice and allowed to to do my work in a very comfortable manner. At night it is very quiet and I haven't ever been to a hotel where you cannot hear what's going on in the rooms on each side of you. The rooms here do not have paper thin walls  microwave and more. You can't beat this place for the price." Oh did I mention they are pet friendly too for those that travel with animals like family members.  Lol"  I'll definitely stay here again if I can't fine anything in Uptown reasonable priced." I was happy with the service here and will be back.  It's nice and quiet. People really nice.  and then someone would call me after Orkin came. I received a call that same afternoon and was told that Orkin came but ""there was no more evidence of bed bugs"" but that I was going to receive a one night credit for the inconvenience - I was there multiple nights. I noted the fact that she said ""no more evidence of"" but she didn't actually confirm that there was any so it could have just been the way she said it. I was satisfied with the end result. I do think that the first lady who told me they would have to wait for Orkin should have handled it better...I don't want to tell you that I saw a bug and you tell me you have to verify. Like I told her  the location is fine and the staff is friendly." "You better off staying in a roach motel. There was no hot water for 5 days. Cleaning of the room is suppose to be on Tuesday. My room wasn't clean when we got back to the hotel. I would not stay here again. I was very dissatisfied with my stay. Exercise equipment and some of the dryers and washing machine were broken. When we first arrived at the hotel Thank you for the great experience here."  which makes it for an even better deal. If you need to be in Charlotte you have to consider how much more convenient and affordable this hotel is compared to anything else in the city!" We would stay here again however.  The value was worth it!" I would have given it 5 stars if it were not for 1 & 2."  and hair was in bed.  When we informed the manager of these problems his reply was to stay at a different hotel.... 10 minutes was all it took for my family to leave... Never to return!" *Hotel was rebranded as a Country Inn and Suites." E_0vuWLPyWUy70OPgnMzjg  you read that title correctly!!! Bed Bugs!!! We had contacted this KOA prior to checking in to arrange for a late check-in for a basic Kamping Kabin since our flight into Charlotte was going to arrive late at night. The owners said that they would leave the cabin key with the bar next door. That should have been a sign to us right there. Anyway  this would be your place.  There are a few restaurants and grocery stores in the immediate vicinity that will make your evening's stay a little more tolerable.  No frills It was perfect for what we needed.  Very clean and the quiet.  Brought the kids down for a soccer tournament and just needed a place to sleep.  Its offseason so the place was relatively empty.  Kids took advantage of playground and mini golf.  Gas Station check in out was simple and convenient.  Will use this place again in the future.  NC. Would only consider staying here again if it was for a short 1 or 2 night stay. Gotta say I don't think anyone would love just hanging out here." I stayed at KOA - Charlotte Ft. Mill yesterday and I had a blast! This was my first time camping; we pitched a tent and everything. The women's bathroom shower area was super clean and readily available. The bathroom shower closest to our area was closed for renovations. The staff was friendly and helpful. We're planning to go back next week.  Thanks for making my stay awesome. The campground is very clean and appears to have at one time been pretty busy - but no more.  As I said we were here for the 4th and we were the only ones in the pool." Bonus! They have a shuttle service to and from the park if you don't want to drive pay for parking if you don't have a pass."  this would be an excellent hotel to consider as the park is just across the road."  however you still have to walk a little bit to get to the entrance. but think of it this way after that long walk you have a nice comfy bed to climb into.  there isn't much around it as far as things to do  the Treadmill in the gym was broke the whole 6 days of being here. I wanted to get my walk on and shed some of the holiday weight gain. I would stay here again. Rooms were clean Added bonus: There is a Wendy's across the parking lot in case the late night craving for a Frosty strikes... Yes The Wi-Fi is free but very spotty.  It went in and out most of the time I tried to use it." But I would stay here again. :)"  the area is sketchy at best.  I couldn't even take my dog out to use the bathroom without being hit on or asked for money.  The hotel is very noisy because the walls are paper thin.  They do although pets with a $25 pet fee but that is the only redeeming quality about this place.  Although it is close to Carowinds I would never stay here with my children.  If you are thinking about staying here I would reconsider."  I would not recommend it. PS:  The pictures online do not reflect the condition of this place!!!! We mostly saw construction workers and adults staying here.  I didn't see many family during our stay!!! :(" Avoid this place at all costs." I book my family reunion here and experienced the WORST customer service I have ever experienced in my life! We booked 6 months in advanced and were shown the property and advised what amenities we could use. Here we are today 30 minutes before our caterer shows up with our food and we are told we have to pay $100 to use the room. After not being able to contact the general manager we were forced to pay the money because we had our family here and the food showed up. When they take us to the banquet room it's FULL of dust and the room is completely unusable and on horrible condition. Still the general manager has not returned a phone call or a text message. This is the WORST hotel I've ever stayed at and the lack of communication cost me $100 for a room that I was embarassed to have my family father together and eat in!!!!!!! Still NO contact from the general manager!! "Super sweet hotel for the price!  Recently renovated - nice decor.  The bedding is outstanding!  Fluffy pillows & duvet...didn't wanna leave!  Breakfast of waffles  gravy was cold and the coffee was as well. The price was on the high end for a comfort Inn at 149.00$ per night. I would def look elsewhere before I booked here. One ace in the hole for them is Location to Carowinds"  enough to get you rolling for the day.  Room was clean and well appointed  NC when I am traveling through Eastern NC and this hotel was on my way. The room was huge and super comfortable. The hotel is located directly across the street from Carolwinds Park so if you are heading there; this is your place. The bed was so comfy that I didn't want to get up and get out the door! I took advantage of the free breakfast which was perfect. Joshua This will be the first hotel I look at the next time I visit Carowinds "From the moment I walked into my room I knew it wasn't going to be a pleasant stay! The first thing I noticed when walking into the room was 2 pieces of chewed up gum on the headboard of the bed. It was fresh almost like the last person that walked in the room left it. I took some tissue and cleaned it up. Secondly This is by far the worst motel 6 I've ever stayed in. If you are looking for an authentic Turkish prison experience then this is the place for you. The rooms smell awful and have not been updated since they installed those TV's from what appears to be 1997. There is not even mesh on the windows so if you dare open them to alleviate the horrible stench of rotting hotel you will flood your room with mosquitoes. Nice campground - pristine bathrooms (critical measurement) - nice pool - ample play areas - near the cheese store....only thing keeping this from a 5 star is the RV slabs are gravel and not concrete. (Lots of dirt to track inside)  there is the constant hum of traffic in the background.  But that is what happens with easy access." If you are traveling they here make sure u stop to camp. This spot deserves every award KOA would give out. Prost!" Easy to find off the highway. The sites are very close together but nice and flat so there was no problem leveling the coach.  WiFi internet is low speed and I could get better speed with my phone even though I had only one dot. My TiVo couldn't update my program schedule and my MacBookPro couldn't link up to the internet on WiFi. It might have been due to my firewall on my Mac but the TiVo's problem was due to port filtering by the campground. My windows 7 laptop could use the WiFi access. If I was staying longer than one night I'd look into the Mac issues."  and very conveniently located. The only issue for me was it was so close to the interstate that it was very noisy and the light from the nearby restaurants was very bright." Ok for 1 night stay. Already read reviews about highway noise. Of course we were put on back row nearest highway facing big commercial building. Couple running it were very friendly. No shade trees & grass needed mowing. Biggest peeve is grass not kept. Sufficient for a nights stay. The Holiday Inn Express is also conveniently located right across the street from the Ehlenbach's Cheese Chalet ." Just seemed to be renovated because I stayed there before and now it's like a different place.  Had a flat screen TV and it looked a lot more modern and was clean! I've stayed and I loved it.  Very clean a decent breakfast and friendly peeps.  I thought it was a good price and did have a pool.  clean rooms and a respectable work out room . Only downfall is they can be a wee but friendlier at the front desk ."  so I looked up nearby hotels and found this one. I called the front desk and asked if I can pay extra for early check in (this was 2 hours before check in time) and she said it was free and that she'll check if my room was cleaned and tell the cleaning staff to clean it next if not. The people at the desk were very friendly and helpful. We stayed in the king jacuzzi suite and it was wonderful. Plenty of room in the jacuzzi "I have no idea why no one has reviewed this awesome B&B but i'm excited to be the first...perhaps no one wants to let anyone in on the secret...and i thought about not writing the review for that same reason but i have to share this one with my fellow yelpsters. I wanted to celebrate the wife's bday with a quick getaway but didn't want to stay in the usual hotel. so i popped ""lgbt friendly B&Bs"" into google and this place came up. they had a few rooms to choose from but of course the one with the hot tub in the room caught my eye first. i emailed them through the website and the owner Craig got back to me quickly. I reserved the room and then just had to wait until the day arrived. Even though we were arriving earlier than the 3PM check in  a nice retreat with caring owners. Not uptight and very kid friendly. Good for a family gathering. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is if you are completely uptight about absolute decorating perfection My fiance and I are planning another trip in the spring and we'll be sure to stay with them again.  I could't recommend this place enough."  it was a pleasant stay and we would recommend it to our friends who would consider b&b in madison. Four stars only because my ideal B&B would  be on a farm  definitely look up & consider The Parsonage."  and sausage links.  He was very accomodating and asked us the night before if there were any allergies or food issues that he needed to know about.  The price was very affordable "Loved staying here.  We were going up to Madison for the day and found this place through a quick Google search of Madison-area B&B's.  Craig (the owner) was so helpful and friendly when I called to inquire about prices and availability.  He was also awesome and asked about our dietary preferences (I'm a vegetarian who's also temporarily gluten-free  so we spent plenty of time on his newly renovated screened-in porch listening to music while we sipped coffee and rubbed Coriander's belly."  which was great btw)  I called Craig at the B&B at 6:18 pm and explained the situation.  He told me that he would charge us for half of the room rate ($200 night) due to costs he incurred in the 3 hours since I booked  and he made us a lovely breakfast. We felt welcomed and comfortable. This was the best B&B experience we have had. We truly felt at home. Even Craig's dog Coriander (who we asked to meet) made us feel like family. We will definitely return the next time we are in Madison." Decent hotel in the area.  Staff was great and my room was clean.  The location is near a mall and a bunch of restaurants which is great for someone visiting on business.  There are a number of other hotels in the area so you might want to do some comparison shopping before booking here. great hotel for the price. the rooms are more like a boutique hotel with mid century modern kind of look and feel. decent breakfast and friendly staff.  that's it.  The shower leaks and the walls are pretty thin. Towels hurt ya if you like soft cotton towels.....uh it's good for the price is a good area to eat and do your Middleton thing. It's a decent hotel for the price. Could use a face lift bit it's all good (: the geese are not friendly do not touch! FYI another last tip is that the windows are not double pane so the noise level is high from outside. Great price and staff but noise level sucks :(" We will stay here again next time in this area and would definitely recommend if you are visiting Madison  so this is a great place to stay if you want to be near Madison but don't need to be right in the city." I will warn you this is the type of hotel chartered bus passengers like. Cheap Rachel is the best ever and I love staying here.  It is on my company but they are worth every dime.  The breakfast was wonderful everyday and the shuttle service is always on time.  The drivers are so awesome and they love taking care of us.  It is always wonderful to get great customer service and this place sets the bar. I didn't spend much time at the hotel but the air conditioner was terrible and I could hear everyone who was outside. The only redeeming qualities about this hotel are the staff who really are freaking awesome and will bend over backwards to help you and the breakfast. They have sausage and scrambled eggs fresh cooked every morning in addition to an assortment of bagels  but if any indication of what is already completed this will be a top notch place to stay. The whole area is under construction outside of the hotel. I am here for epic training and did not rent a car. All I can say is if you need something BRING IT WITH YOU! Thought I could get hairspray and other toiletries close by but not available. The hotel did give me toothpaste! They are extremely NICE AND HELPFUL!! Great place!!!! Will stay again!!!" "Under construction! My room is super nice!!! Most comfy room I have ever stayed in!  The exterior of the hotel is still under construction  all things were in order and as expected. Free breakfast in the morning was simple but decent."  and we were followed up with to make sure the 100% satisfaction guarantee was indeed met. Good business attracts good business. You can be certain that you will be taken care of when you stay here. Way to go  only about 5 minutes. The shuttle ran regularly if you didn't have someone to drop you off. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and the breakfast was more than adequate. Would definitely stay here again."  that whole experience left a bad taste.  The worst part will be trying to convince Andy to stay at a Marriott ever again as he is just now getting relief from the migrane he got on Saturday."  that rents it's rooms by the hour than ever stay at a Marriott again."  friendly staff and mediocre breakfast in the morning.  There really isn't anything around of note (all chain restaurants and office buildings)  but more satisfaction could have been found from a lesser-name place. Lesson learned for next time."  so nothing to say about that. I do agree with the other reviews that the design of the building is not good. There was a wedding going on the one night and it was pretty loud late into the evening. Good location  the customer service by one female during check-in as well as another at the breakfast buffet was so unprofessional that I will not be a patron at this location again. After complaining of the rude service This Marriott is above average."  but the fact that this service was under the Marriott name prompted this review and rating"  i was about to stay at a crappy hotel off the highway that look like it was about to fall apart. I just happen to browse online on priceline and got this place book. I was already happy at this point that I am staying at a Marriott because I have always had great experiences at all the Marriotts across the country We had a wonderful time and we will stay there again!" "I stay here for several days every year for a conference that's held in this hotel. I've always had decent service here and the rooms are average size but clean! My only wish is that they had rooms with kitchenettes! For economical reasons I like to keep food in the room and it's frustrating staying somewhere all week and having to have the front desk microwave your left-overs for you. They did  the housekeeper had removed the menu from the garbage can and placed it on my pillow.  I know it was the same menu b c it was creased exactly where I crumpled it up.  Outrageous.  Anyone who would think this is acceptable service is out of their mind.  I will not stay here again and do not recommend it for business travelers.  During a single stay  as it where) duvet do not make a 3.5 star hotel! This place needs a major capital infusion.  Thank you for your time."  got a nice upgrade! Great lobby bar and great front desk service. Hotel is about 20-30 minutes from UW"  as I've monitored the pile of crumbs underneath the tables and am finding more crumbs (and wrappers and chicken wing bones) each night. My room was dirty (including large stains on the bedskirt and chair) upon arrival  hair and food byproduct on nightstand When we got our replacement sheets there was no offer to change them as they were thrust into our hands. Burned out lightbulbs and towels that look like what I use to dry off the dog."  great rates. I've stayed in Middleton before but this location can't be beat. They have a shuttle that will even take u to the convenience store. Spacious  including providing a local 3-mile and 5-mile running maps  Breakfast was excellent. We will be back."  and I am not giving up my Priority Club Platinum membership to ever try Mariotts again."  and a light meal at night. They have some type of honor system bar too in the evening. Also in the concierge lounge  staff is very accommodating and goes above & beyond what's expected. We loved Tomeka at the front desk :)"  obviously outdated but it looks as though they are upgrading currently. The food on the other hand was overpriced and gross. Do yourself a favor and do not order room service. It looked as though it was prepared at a truck stop  which was GREAT! The facility was clean and overall very accommodating. I was very impressed on the staffs professionalism and calm attitude when I brought some problems to their attention. They ultimately won my good review by extending our check-out (letting our dogs shack up) Over Startched Bed Linens (both rooms had the same issues)"  dark roasted coffee.  The room was OK except that they put me in a second floor room that had windows which started at about 5 feet above the floor and the only view was of air conditioning heating units and I am a lifetime Platinum.  I am not sure if the desk clerk felt it made little difference or what but this is not a crown jewel by any means.  I understand that this place was a Holiday Inn previously but usually hotels converted to the Marriott brand are better than this one was."  had a nice pool.  But I would never stay here on a weekend or when it was busy ever again!  They need to find a away to build another elevator and bite the bullet and shut the bar down much earlier or move it into one of the ballrooms." This Marriott has its own free parking lot.  It is easy finding an open space."  but I'd pick a clean room and good service over some spiffy wallpaper and Berber carpet any day." If you want to stay in Madison but avoid the high prices of downtown and the congestion of rush hour  the experience with the Marriott Madison West was A-OK And I've been Marriott Platinum for 10 years! If they can't be courteous to their elite guests They customer service could have been better." Worst marriott experience in twenty years of traveling. The hotel manager is a joke and very rude. I complained about the service at the hotel and asked for the phone number to complain. He responded by threatening to call the police. Just crazy to think this hotel would rather call the police on a Gold member than give the number to customer service.  cuddled creamer for the coffee. These are just some of the complaints that our entire group had I hope that things change for the Marriott in the future. They used to be one of the best places to hold large scale events in Madison. In the end (Only selected 1 star because I couldn't post with none)" Despite the hotel rooms needing a overhaul the staff at the Marriott were exemplary. Being there for only one night the gentleman at the front desk remembered my name and checked with us to see if we had a pleasant stay. They made the check out process very simple and the location is easily accessible with multiple restaurants surrounding them."  It was a good stay and I have stayed here many times before. If the price is right  like many Marriott stand alones the furniture is not brand new but is actually solid rather than particle board.  The bed was comfortable along with the furniture.  I was disappointed with the old ironing board and the lack of refrigerator in the room but both those are easily fixable.  If you are not a Marriot rewards member there is a internet charge  you'll get some great deals.  The only issue I saw (if it really is an issue) is that the bathrooms are dated a bit and can use a face lift."  it about hit a couple older guests trying to get out. I couldn't get out fast enough." "We have exhibited at a conference at this hotel every year.  It is so nice to see familiar faces behind the checkin area. Patrick Cady & John Polnow made our check-in smooth & easy (unlike the last two hotels where we stayed). The beds are very comfortable. The atrium off of the lobby is beautiful and an excellent space for vendors.  The tables in the exhibit area had been set up exactly as we had requested.  I was so impressed with the management. Kurt Peterson made  himself available to us throughout our stay. Sometimes it seemed like he was here 24 7. Staff really seemed to respect him. Another manager that we really like is Keola Shimooka.He remembered us from previous years.  Today I learned that Lamont & Mark  but it took more than 40 minutes and there were less than 5 people in the entire bar. My experience with management made me never want to stay at another Marriott Hotel again. I could care less if the furniture and decor is a little outdated Looking forward to the odd dreams I'll be having tonight having to listen to the echo chamber of marauding drunkards and odd Sally Gigglepuss downstairs whooping it up laughing and just being annoying at near midnight. CORPORATE AMERICA SHUT UP!!! If you want a quiet's night sleep and you're a Marriott person I'd recommend the newer Fairfield down the street. Despite that they had a few great staff persons (patrick and travis and shuttle drivers) it didn't make up for the bad experiences."  they totally messed up my companies master billing for our customer rooms and it took 10 days and 6 calls to accounting and the general manager to get it right. Honestly I am not convinced our billing ever did get corrected. My AmEx is a mess of over charges and credits and I am just praying that my expense report makes through the company auditors." "I'm baffled by the poor reviews. I thought this hotel was great! The front desk clerk was very thorough & helpful. The room was very large & spacious...much larger than most others I've been to Recommend you stay at any one of the other hotels in Middleton." The noise fr folks in the bar amd elsewhere is very very loud.  I was glad I had earplugs."  right next to Greenway Station.  Place is brand new so rooms are nice and clean...  except my husband wanted a room w jacuzzi tub and it was digusting.  When he filled it up with water there was a gross film that looked like cleaning reside & dried skin flakes.  Nice.  He didn't end up using it and when we complained at the front desk they just said ""sorry""...  we'll be contacting HQ about that.  Food was average I have 2 more trips this year to Madison Had no problems during my stay. Would definitely stay here again if I were to be in the Madison area."  so I was embarrassed to be admonished for taking a granola bar from a basket on my way out. The location is superb if your a shopper..it's right next to a new mall."  but there is one or two servers running around making themselves seem overly useful to collect tips.  The breakfast is just very confusing Location is in near a strip mall which makes shopping for items you may have forgot a breeze." "Cozy and Comfy. We were shuttled to and from the airport and to Epic. Convenient to a small shopping center and nearby restaurants. Staff are friendly and professional. Each day I came back to a clean room and replenished towels If I ever have to cover travel for a colleague in Madison I have to come back to this one for sure!" "Stayed here with a friend while she was in the Madison area for Epic training. I was seriously impressed with this HGI. I had previously stayed in one in Chicago that was pretty ghetto. Bed was comfy The hotel is pretty much what you would expect from a Hilton. Very clean and a very open entry area. Our room was clean but rather small. It had a bathroom that had no exhaust fan for your shower. The staff was very attentive and the room was very clean but there was nothing extraordinary about the hotel itself. It is very well situated right next to a outdoor wonderful mall.  clean hotel.  I had a room by the elevator on a Friday night and was concerned about noise.  I didn't hear a thing.  Good location for shopping at Greenway and many restaurants nearby.  I did not use the pool but it looked nice with a play area for kids.  I would stay here again.  Free internet.  Keurig "Exactly what I have come to expect from a Hilton property. Room was clean and quiet...updated... and I am really digging the new easy alarm clocks. Breakfast was buffet style and the staff was exceptional. Everyone was chipping in to make sure everyone had what the needed and in a very timely fashion. The made to order eggs is always a bonus.  I do wish the cottage cheese was iced as it was a little too warm for my taste both days I can promise you all those rooms will NOT be going to a hotel that is part of the NCG group." When you check in they hand you coupons that you are told are for a complimentary breakfast.  When you go to the restaurant they tell you it is just advertising.  This is very misleading.  I would. Hotel was clean and service was meh. Had an adjoining room and I could hear EVERYTHING in the next room. I could hear my neighbors showering and raising the toilet seat. I heard their every conversation. He had something red and oozing on his body and that was most of the conversation. The rest of the time I heard him cough up loogies. I asked the front desk clerk if there was another room. She said they were completely full. I asked her of they could move me my 2nd day. She said she wouldn't know til 12. I didn't hear from them at all which is so annoying.  The alarm clock was off by almost a half hour. Their wake up call was also about 30 mins off."  I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again." I actually want to stay one more day! If you're looking for that Will treat you like you're very important?! This is the hotel for you!"  but it is the housekeeping staff's job to turn in found items. I left this dress at the Hilton Garden Inn and the housekeeper stole it. Their staff is dishonest and unprofessional. Do not stay here." They may accept pets but also accept smokers--the room smelled like a smoldering pile of  feces laced  vomit.  This place is disgusting--no black light needed to illuminate the extent of filth.  and they even had a continental breakfast.  The air conditioning unit was pretty loud so I turned it off at night.  I also recommend bringing your own pillow.  Still  nice room. The bathroom is a bit small This was a perfect hotel for a 4-day stay. Hotel staff was nice. My room overlooked a park. It was really quiet all day and all night. The room was clean and tidy. There was plenty of parking. Room was just a few steps away from my car. Back entrances are access-controlled with the room key. Good selection of television stations. Price was awesome too!   noisy room.  Very poor breakfast.  Coffee horrible.  Did not give ANA or AARON discount as they said they would." "Don't ever come to this place unless your a heavy sleeper. Poor insulation to the point where you could hear Peoples foot steps up on the top third level. Where me and my friend were staying at was on the second level. I could hear everything that is going on COPS COPS and more COPS people getting arrested lots of guns not a safe stay for the family or anyone else for that matter! also rooms smell like smoke My stuff was stolen from my room. Management and staff unhelpful and unapologetic. Going to file a police report. Wi-Fi isn't very good either." I had no problems while staying here for one night even though I had noticed some sketchy people driving around the motel. After reading some of the other reviews  cleanliness is questionable. The TV channels are pretty basic. It's ok for low cost Great stay! I was there last night and felt super safe and room was clean. Staff was nice at ck in! Had a great experience would stay again. Worst red roof inn i have ever stayed in. I didnt have any high expectations considering it is the least expensive hotel around but if i am paying $70 night i would at least expect to have a clean room. Our room was stinking and toilet bowl has dried stains on and inside it. It smelled like it hasnt been cleaned for a long time. Bed comforter had dried stains on it as well. It was absolutely gross. Do not stay here unless you are okay with the filth.  the room was nothing fancy and had a little bit of a musty odor to it  a pretty pleasant stay."  I would give this place zero stars.  The front desk attendant was dead inside Updated review: i have been contacted by the manager after this review. It was very nice of them to offer a refund and an apology. Great customer service!  after this experience we plan to not return to any Red Roof Inn in the future and to pay more money for our pet and a clean room. This hotel was such a terrible experience that we were even envious of the people staying in the Super 8 down the road."  but will never be staying here again. PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE. Spend the extra $50 night to get Ina. Decent hotel."  that means I am moving up in the world.)   The process of picking up dropping off the car was very easy.  No lines at the counter and the car was clean.  While I was glad to have a car and the freedom it provided me in Madison.  I was glad to be able turn it in (and fly home) "Avis has tenants in the parking lot to give you a receipt I would except a fee similar to what octopus car wash would charge but 109.00 dollars is ridiculous!  Will not use them again." "If I could give zero stars I would. I travel every week for business and rent cars all over the US. I rent with hertz as I'm a gold member and I like the way I am treated. Hertz is known for having the best customer service in the rental car business. I am very disappointed that my review today has to to be negative. I returned a car today at hertz at the Madison airport. When I returned the car I was told the fuel would be 100 as we didn't refill. I explained to the consultant  below par rooms. I'd recommend spending a few bucks more to stay at Comfort Inn or Holiday Inn." I hope this will be my first and last time staying in an Econo Lodge.  Ugh."  it's a place to sleep. Most rooms have a mini fridge with a microwave and you can always request it. No gym or pool but free continental breakfast daily is sufficient for me." This is another well maintained hotel within the Choice Hotels network."  the window A C will NOT be able to provide coldness.  Cool is your best option  kept coming up with excuses why I can't get choice hotels points. My blanket has burn holes in it. Breakfast was crappy and there are always shady people in the parking lot."  that would be my rating for this motel.  We arrived to check in at 11:30pm last night and were told by the desk clerk that our reservation had been canceled despite a credit card guarantee for late arrival.   The motel's night manager was on-site but avoided us and then got into her car and left the premises before addressing our problem." "My stay here was horrible. The rooms were gross and the entire experience was uncomfortable. I tried to contact corporate about it  just a bed and a bathroom with a TV.  Our room was clean I wish yelp allowed negative stars. : "  grab a shower then get something to eat!   Check in took 15 minutes and the desk folk kept telling me I had to pay more than what my reservation quoted.   The last price was less than a dollar more so I took it as I was tired from traveling all day.   Find my ""room"" but there isn't even a closet for my clothes but two hooks with hangers!   If I wasn't so tired I would of headed someplace else!   They don't seem to be in the ""hospitality"" industry at all!  :(. Fires doors in the hallway to my room were recently painted but apparently closed before the jambs were dry so it took effort to open them.  Also was promised free WiFi at the desk only to find a pay screen when I did try to access the WiFi!  I couldn't get out of this hole fast enough!  Safe bet I won't be staying at any Motel 6 in the future!!!" Spend a few dollars more... You're worth it." Generally substantially slower and noticeably more expensive than badger cab. Not always reliable.  Long wait times.  Friendly cab drivers.  and safety in the hands of someone else for the convenience of getting to or from somewhere without needing to rely on your own car."  he advised me on how to get reimbursed for my cab ride by the car rental company and a good place in town to purchase tires for my car without breaking my budget.  Really nice guy.  Clean car.  Altogether  this time it was a regular ""on demand"" call.  The phone answerer said I may be waiting 5-10 minutes 8vwnU1FlmR88S2NHgR7Neg "This cab company is the best in the city in consistency.  Consistently polite "Environmentally friendly and just plain friendly. The prices are a bit steep  the rudeness and refusal of a short fare for a larger or is completely unacceptable. It will be a long time before I choose to use them again."  they were plenty fine for a casual booze-bender and the amenities (no puke stains or pee smells) made the ride a pretty enjoyable one." Not the cheapest but nice clean cab very clear with costs. "Regularly use union cab to go to the airport (and back). Really reliable  our taxi (#69) left without us because we took over one minute to leave the restaurant. I learned my lesson I got to the Chazen in plenty of time to catch my bus and the service was great. The lady who took me into town was helpful and friendly and knew answers to questions I asked about the local area and the bus stop."  efficient service. Would use again the next time I visit Madison" Union is the cab for me whenever I am in Madison (which on the next trip will be warmer by choice)....."  and it was a blast testing our knowledge. The ride back we had a young cute gentleman take us home. Had a great conversation and experience! The expense maybe more but well worth it. We waited 30 minutes to get to our destination and under 10  efficient service and a nice dispatcher. Low fares also! I was pleased with both cab rides tonight and would recommend use them again. Thanks Union Cab!"   and they were reluctant to give me an  estimated arrival time. I almost missed my flight and will not be taking Union cab again."  you are in for a treat. The driver is a real sweetheart and a great conversationalist. Ask him for advice on which airlines to take and you'll get a lot of good tips and tricks. :)" "I use Union Cab multiple times a month for work. They are timely Had a girls weekend night out and they got us everywhere we needed to go in a timely fashion! The only issue we had was I told them 45 minutes they showed up with 10 minutes. Dispatch was a bit slow  rude. I would still recommend them  which is less than 2 miles away. i called twice to confirm the price and also book the cab. the guy told me it would be less than $15 considering it is only 2 miles away. we get there and the driver tells us it is $10 plus $12 for staying in Verona (pretty much getting an extra fee for not going too far). we told him we weren't informed about the fee so he calls the dispatcher who asks ""are they unable to pay?"" so pretty much We called to confirm price AND went online for estimates. The dispatcher told us it would be less than $15. We got to our destination the clock said 10.50 but they said they had to charge us an additional $12! He blamed it on a new dispatcher. Sorry that is not our problem. We will choose another company next time. I was impressed with the efficiency of their reservation and receipt process and I appreciate the fact that they are a workers cooperative but what matters most to me is that they performed as promised.  I will plan on using them for any future cab needs in Madison" He also gave me a follow-up call to let me know that everything is processed and my package should be delivered on time.  I appreciate all the trouble he went through to help me take care of this problem.  He also let me know that he'd be working with his IT resources to make sure the web site works correctly in the future."  and have never been disappointed. They are super flexible  probably why I prefer them. Your milage may vary (ha). No Andy Kaufman sighting yet  I've learned that cabs in madison much prefer the group rides especially when there is a shortage of cabs.  I was one of 3 passengers and the first to be dropped off "I booked a cab today and we had 1 too many people for the size of the cab. My group offered to split up  because most of taxi companies don't offer that."  and makes some kinda of relateable small talk. And their rates aren't too terrible. It'll be about five to six dollars plus tips  we like the company. There are a few bad apples but not enough for the tree to be chopped down." I won't make the mistake of using Union Cab again. Even if someone else is paying for it  you could probably get a more affordable ride. In the case of Union Cab  corrected me it was 9 minutes. Added that probably will take AT LEAST another 15 minutes to be picked up (total at least 25 minutes wait time). Even added that their cabs are now picking up people who ordered from last night  the operator defended his cabbie and basically accused me of just being angry that I had been passed.  I am not impressed by their lack of concern for safety."  Union's higher rates are definitely worth paying if you need timeliness and efficiency. They're definitely the only cab company I would probably call for a ride to the airport to make a flight. Plus Next time you have an early AM flight in Madison and your hotel shuttle is not available I advise you to use Union Cab."  and we'll definitely use Union Cab again."  many times and that I can't ever recall having a bad experience. That's pretty impressive."  it's cheaper to move long distances using an Enterprise van vs a Uhaul van.  The people at this Enterprise were incredibly helpful and friendly. My van had 200 miles on it and still smelled of new vehicle. Moving still sucks but at least my moving van did not."  but the car was pretty dirty.  The trunk was a dust ball and the inside was slightly better.  It was a holiday weekend The second time around everything was peachy and everyone was so friendly that my anxiety of having to drive a large group in a big van to Chicago diminished :-)"  and knowledgeable. She was able to accommodate my request for a specific car. The car was clean and drove great. Renting it and returning it were quick processes and I left happy."  but are fairly rewarded for work well done. And it shows. East Washington Enterprise is great.  And "I rented a car for the first time in my life on Tuesday. I went to Enterprise and met with Ryan. There was no wait and he was very friendly. He upgraded my car for free. When I returned the same day R6ojvMJvskHGBbtednMQ1g  but the manager that I talked to had a terrible attitude and all I just wanted to see if there was any flexibility or if they could simply check my credit. He constantly rolled his eyes and treated me as a stupid individual. Very unprofessional.  I do realize that I should change my license  the team did find me a car (which they have done a couple times now!!). They are very freindly-even when they are busy (usually first thing in the morning-best to go mid afternoon) and I do have a soft spot for this office since my Dad use to work with them years ago. I did learn this last time that I really don't want to buy a big pick up truck-extremely comfortable but huge vehicle LOL. Thanks team for helping me out these last few days!"  I will continue to travel from the airport to Enterprise Rent-A-Car on East Washington to rent a car" "My rental car company of choice has always been Enterprise for great weekly rates and excellent vehicles. My first experience renting in Madison could not have been better. The crew here is friendly I would sooner walk everywhere then EVER deal with this place again." The manager did give me a free weekend rental to try to make up for my bad experience. I would take consistent good service than a free weekend rental anytime." They picked me up on time and gave me a good rate. The return at Dane County Airport was just as painless.  you just can't complain.  Try to find a hotels for under $80 a night and you're really limited to seedy dumps.  My girlfriend and myself were surprised to see that Microtel was quiet  I was in a room on the backside of the hotel and the traffic from Washington Avenue was really noisy all throughout the night.  This is the place for the ""no frills"" seeker."  this place is cheap but I would rather pay the extra money and stay somewhere else that feels cleaner and has some more room."  many other choices in the area which provide way better service and accommodations. So overall  I would stay here again." Location is good for highway travelers and bad for those wanting to be close to the center of Madison activity."   pushing open the heavy doors with a handicapped sticker on them for who knows what reason since there was no door assist  the big rooms were well equipped.  Wasn't half bad." Everything was pretty sub par with the hotel. The exercise equipment didn't work properly. The continental breakfast food didn't look good so I opted to eat elsewhere. The hallways and staircases had a musty smell. The cleaning staff kept leaving their cleaning supplies in my room. It looks like it needs updating. The family next to me were making noise so late I had to ask to switch rooms. They accommodated this request and they are reasonably priced if you don't mind dealing with the above. I'd say 3.5 star - Giving 4 star because my husband averaged us out by giving it 3."  one shampoo bottle for 3 people I mean I could get another but how cheap. The continental breakfast has abut 4 tables so forget that - if I were you buy a tent and go to the campground.... But they do have wi fi."  I will definitely recommend this place. Affordable and not skeezy etc).... Lots to choose from. I also liked that they had a little store stocked with snacks and inexpensive beer and wine to choose from (very innovative to offer)! I also liked the fact where the hotel was located. Very convenient to shops and a few miles from the capital. If we return to Madison I would stay here again."  hotel. Front desk service was friendly. Room was on the small size. I requested two beds but was told they were out. Our room came with a sleeper sofa so that was fine for the kids. The entry smelled of chlorine from the nearby pool  you can't go wrong. I wanted to pay but it was WELL WORTH. I have no problem paying the rate again. The staff was awesome and more than welcoming. The bed  and the main thing that brought this hotel down a star in my opinion is just how old run-down it is. It's still an excellent place to stay; the rooms are just definitely starting to show their age." i9JeI7bd1qXGi15FoD45GA "I have stayed here in the past and am a frequent traveler in the area for business. Due to the winter weather warning and storm going on currently I am not able to get from Milwaukee to Madison to make my reservation. Hotel would not make any exceptions due to weather to get me a refund I have stayed here before without any issues. This last stay of 6 nights was a different story. The first night we had loud and rude neighbors. The sixth night and seventh day our room smelled like pot. The cleaning people did a crappy job and the hallway looked like it hadn't been vacuumed in quite a while. I will not be staying here again. The continental breakfast was decent and so was the pool. Those are really the only nice things I can say. I was very disappointed in this hotel. Would not stay there again and would not recommend it to you." No one cleaned our room. And it reeks like cigerate smoke. Will NEVER stay here again!!!  my husband woke up with some kind of bug bites.  We told the desk guy about it and all he said ""we don't have insects.""   This lack of interest in confirming or clearing up a serious problem was disconcerting.  We won't be staying there again." "I've stayed at worse and better.  The room was fine.  The ""free"" breakfast was okay.  They had free internet in the lobby.  In a pinch I'd stay there again."  and even a little make-shift gym.  I left early so I was unable to try the breakfast.  The hotel is located right next to a bunch of shopping strips and restaurants  I actually preferred this Best Western over Madison's Radisson that I stayed at the next night! Best Western didn't have the looks Have been here now for three days. Very good breakfast that is included. Very friendly staff. Great location with easy access. Big rooms and comfortable beds. One of the best three star motels I have been in  can't beat that location.  Tempted to keep coming back."  no lotion...not impressed at all. for a ""suite"" it was garbage"  the staff is very helpful and the free breakfast is really good."  you must experience Best Western East Town Suites in Madison  way comfortable...  Didn't want to get up.  The pool hot tub look nice.  I will definitely be back "The bed was comfortable. The room is large. The shower head & pressure nice. Everything else....? I've experienced better. The bathroom is so small that the open door prevents you from sitting straight on the toilet! The sink allows plenty of room for toiletries. The TV is huge. There are lots of great restaurants & shopping close by For those people who are looking for a hotel that will cater to your needs while staying at a hotel in Madison Wisconsin  low-brow and in need of an upgrade. Considering I have to stay two more nights I'm going to go ahead and suck it up Breakfast is $10 and is standard expanded breakfast. No live cooks though." They have a nice beer selection in the bar and cute waitresses.  the food would get a three and bar prices would get a 1.5 to two. Don't hurt your customers like that. You are chasing away return business." I don't care how nice the place is (and it is nice) I will not come back."  friendly staff but it disappoints on some other offerings. The breakfast buffet for $12.95 before tax is really limited and not worth it. You are almost better off going to Mc Donald across the street and get a similar quality at a fraction of the price. The swimming pool seems nice but it is located basically in the lobby across from the bar: a bit akward as you might be entertaining the drinking crowd. The fitness room has 2 treadmills Fairly good hotel.  I rated it 3 stars because of the pool and dining areas which were very nice. The rooms were at best decent. Rooms were small and the only way to get a better room was to upgrade to club.  That is very pricy because the regular rooms are 140 a night.    Would I stay again.....Maybe. Crowne Plaza just struck out. Back to Marriott and Hilton I go."  Madison is doing major road construction on Washington and that caused a lot of delays at stoplights getting in and out of the hotel."  my last day I had requested a 445am wake up call so I cold leave to catch my flight  we found the room to be clean and comfortable and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We were given permission for our puppy to stay with us as well - the fact that the Crowne Plaza is dog-friendly was much appreciated! Our only issue the entire stay was that our tub didn't drain properly (we didn't have time during the wedding chaos to ask for this to be fixed This place doesn't come close to living up to the Crowne Plaza name.  The rooms are clean enough however they have really cheapped out on the fixtures.  The dresser in the first room we were in had broken out bottoms in the dresser drawers and a running toilet.  The second room had two of the dresser drawers screwed shut because they were missing.  I will pass next time I am in town.  but it is well located and fairly clean. It's just a bit dated and tired looking. The staff is friendly "Lobby and swimming pool are excellent. Staff above average.  2 stars because the rooms ( clean but)  were beaten up and in need of a serious facelift. Stains on the rugs. Scuff marks on the door. Overall  "I've never stayed at a hotel that charged me BEFORE I even checked in.  Then charged my card again after I asked them not to (I'd be paying in cash) because I couldn't avoid another over draft fee.  If I ran out the door and tried to stiff them  great bar area with unique beer on tap (hello Three Floyd's!) Comfortable room Gross hotel!  Nasty carpeting. Very old furniture. Room was wayyyy too hot and moving thermostat didn't help. Dryer air than the dessert. I woke up with a bloody nose due to the lack of humidity. Horrible experience. "My flight was cancelled and had to stay. They offered a ""distressed rate"" and the staff was nice and friendly. However the rooms are from the 1980's. The furniture looks like it belongs n a Motel Six. The carpets are frayed "My flight out of Madison was canceled and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza because the woman working the United desk said it was the best among the hotels that offered a ""distressed passenger"" rate. I was optimistic based on her assessment but my expectations were lowered after reading many of the reviews on Yelp. Overall I had a really good experience and experienced none of the negative issues noted in other reviews. Most of the decor in my room appeared to have been updated in recent years Overall the place is alright. The friendly staff made up for some of the other shortfalls. It wouldn't be my first choice in Mad-Town Hh5lyZtOrS5LKk4YCgj8Kw  with all the places across the street skip it.  Good clean place to rest for the night." In general I wasn't impressed.  We'll stick with Country Inn & Hampton inns." "The room had big stains on carpet. The free wifi was completely unreliable and cut off every five to seven minutes.  The tub drain did not work and couldn't be a new issue. This was better than the first room in which they tried to put me which smelled like there was a sewage issue. I told them the room smelled unfortunate and that I had a cold  needs remodeling.  Air didn't work correctly in the bedroom area.  Rooms smelled.  Will never stay there again.  Lights weren't even plugged in.  Really disappointed.  Was expensive as it was homecoming weekend in Madison." "The room AC broke in my room and began dripping water. Came in to find my shoes wet and one pair of pants damp. I had a new room in minutes  fruit and cheese during check in time.  The rooms were fine. I noticed no damage or smells as reported by others. They may have had a renovation since then. The pool looked nice and clean  nice bar and easy breakfast for mom and dad.  Bathrooms were easy to have 2-3 people sharing at once.  Nicer on the inside than looks on the outside.  Affordable for a variety of people and still nice.  Beds and linen were VERY comfortable!" And did I mention the excellent staff??" STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE.  I am laying here now at 4:58 in the morning and the room is 80 degrees SWELTERING despite the thermostat set at 63. Apparently AC only works if light is on and you move around. Rust on the bathroom ceiling. Nonexistent fan in the bathroom. Ancient stained plastic toilet seat.  Coffee at the breakfast buffet tastes like it was out of said toilet. I stayed here hoping for something better than the Motel 6 down the road. Didn't get it. The mini-Starbucks and jacuzzi won't save a sweltering night's sleep. Ihad stayed here once several years ago when it at lest the AC worked. Never again. Wish I had checked Yelp before coming. STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE. "The Crowne Plaza here is an EXCELLENT value and have had many wonderful stays here. This hotel is worth more than the 3 stars it's labeled under for a variety of reasons: the staff  the drain emanated a sewage smell (and wouldn't close) and shower had the temperatures crudely PAINTED on the dial (though they weren't accurate - blue C gets you hot water and the red H gets you cold). The front desk seemed understaffed The crown plaza on the outside appears nice and lobby with pool view is amazing. We were greeted with a warm smile and some general accommodation the hotel had. When we get to the floor we are staying on it was uncomfortably warm and our room temperature wasn't any better and the smell of the room was musty at best.  After a call to the front desk asking for a room change we were told there were no rooms available but we would get the first one tomorrow. So after realizing we were going to have to tough it out for the night I go into the bathroom to find the toilet doesn't flush unless you hold the handle down and peeling paint on the ceiling of the shower. The following morning we ask about our room change and get a story that the hotel is booked up and can't change rooms. I go about my day and get back to the hotel about 630pm and am approached on my way in by a homeless person who was staying behind the hotel asking for money. When I get to the room i find the room has not yet been cleaned. Once again we complain with nothing being done. Finally about 730pm the maid asks if she can clean. The following morning we talked to the manager and threaten to change hotels and she seemed perfectly fine with losing our business. We did some searching and couldn't find another option so we are stuck with the hotel. About lunch time on the third day I get an email from my credit card company that the hotel charged my card for the full 8 night stay after 3 days. Overall the only way that this hotel is acceptable is if you were raised in a barn. "Rooms are decent but loud. Internet sucks which is why I won't be back. Not a great place. Service was ok  I'll consider staying here again if the workout facilities are redone and expanded. If that doesn't matter to you - you really get a great room for you money here."  but the wifi is horrible (almost non existent)."  so I have nothing to complain about. If you are looking for someone quick and not a honeymoon stay lol this is it! Prices are very reasonable too. $80 compared to $125 for Marriott. no thanks! I'd rather buy shoes with the $50 extra dollars and they have a light free breakfast  maybe that explains how disgusting it was. Maybe they figure people with pets don't want clean rooms. It was not cheap and the room was GROSS. The bed was the worst thing I have ever slept on.  The people who stayed at this hotel looked like they had all just gotten out of prison.  I did not feel safe here.  Would not come back here.  If you have a pet If you need a hotel that had no frills  but the room felt muggy and took a while to reach a comfortable atmosphere. Great rates here too!" Check out their web site at speckledheninn.com"  vegan meal! The grounds are lovely ... there are lambs and llamas (no joke!) ... one has use of a mini kitchen and a nice little guest hangout area  with snacks. Our room was a very good size and it was neat and clean. We had a tv and dvd player with movies to choose from. I also noticed how nice and quiet it was. 4 of the 5 rooms were filled while we were there and yet it was always very quiet in our room. The breakfast was wonderful! The owners are very good cooks and served us 2-3 courses for breakfast. Some of the food we ate  properly named ""Happy"".  There are also a handful of amazing cats on the property that will gladly accompany you for a stroll on the property.  It's nice to hear that the B&B is also pretty sustainable.  All the food they make is pretty much from their farm/garden (fresh eggs  a wonderful way to start the day.  The only reason I give 4 and not 5 stars is that it is somewhat close to the highway I should have left this review back in November when I stayed here with my parents - every time I look through our vacation photos I think about how much fun I had showing them Madison... and how we enjoyed where we stayed just as much.  Pat and Bob and Happy (their dog) were wonderful and their food was amazing.  They make many of the ingredients on their property (fresh maple syrup anyone?).  Would go back in a heartbeat.  I would strongly consider staying there again for a weekend getaway."  my room was extremely comfy and cozy and quiet.  Breakfast is served in your time and is one of my favorite parts of the stay.  Every morning its something new and exciting and Delicious!!!  The Inn Keepers and warm and friendly and the conversation was never dull.  I will stay here whenever I'm in Madison.  The price and the service go way beyond the cost of any hotel I've stayed in...  This place is a real find.  There are also hiking trails They do also have snacks in the lounge area for you to enjoy at anytime. There are sodas in the fridge and sometimes fresh baked cookies!"  for such a relaxing time and creating some wonderful memories!!!" FrT0OQFkUZBtfoW3V1Wpfw Fresh eggs from the hen are great take home item!" Thanks to Pat and Bob...your doing a wonderful job...keep it up!" I will be recommending this Inn to anyone who is traveling to or through Madison!"  and a wine cellar if you want to purchase inexpensive (but yummy) wine. The rooms are all huge with large bathrooms with jacuzzis. We've stayed in the Token Creek and Starkweather rooms - both are beautiful and we love the gas fireplaces to keep us cozy and warm. The location is perfect if you want to get away from the college kids. Its about a 15 minute drive outside of Madison  baked tomato with pesto. Absolutely fabulous!  Bob and Pat are two of the greatest people I have met and we highly recommend this B&B to anyone. Wonderful setting If you're looking for a place to stay in Madison  sheep and lama. The breakfast absolutely blew us away (we had to skip lunch ;) ). It was very delicious and made with ingredients grown on the farm. They also have delicious scones and cookies in the main room when you walk in  with warmth and character in the decor. The landscape itself is gorgeous and worth the time to enjoy some of the sitting areas to soak in the view. Although our expectations for breakfast were high  and seasoned potato squares; finishing up with a grape/cranberry gelato/ice. The presentation of the meal is very beautiful and luxurious feeling. I would certainly recommend this B&B I can't say enough about this place and I look forward to coming back again."  staying at the Speckled Hen is relaxing and worry free - truly a home away from home."  among a variety of other usual items. We didn't get to use their pool but it looked nice from afar. The base price was $119 but we had a 20% off coupon through Orbitz."  close to the highway and perfect for a quick getaway from Chicago area."  on my return trip I opted to stay in the HGI in Middleton than endure another week in this less than acceptable Hampton." Front Desk was rude and not helpful whatsoever. The rooms were small and when we got to our room there was pee in the toilet still. Would choose a different hotel if I was you. "Slightly lower than average Hampton Inn.  Heat/AC wasn't updated  no issue with leaving late or leaving early in the day- room was always cleaned the minute we left and ready for us when we came back- always. Lots of TV channels for our boys and good wifi. Had hoped to swim but the pool and pool area was so chlorinated that it burned our eyes just walking in there. That said I'd stay here again if I was passing through town."  but it was being renovated so we didn't get to use it.  My only complaint would be that the eggs and sausage in the breakfast were pretty bad.  But they were free so can't complain too much." Nice hotel in a good location right off the highway. It is also very close to many restaurants and the mall. The lobby appeared to recent renovated and the room were in good shape. They serve a hot breakfast in the morning and the staff is very eager to help Great hotel. Clean big rooms and a big bathroom. Free wifi. Right across the street from a gas station and fast food. We didn't get in but saw the pool which looked a good size. There was a gym and a office center.  and even some Andes mints. It was a very nice touch that will keep me coming back. It amazes me how so many of these little Hampton inns do so much better than the higher end mainline Hilton hotels. Very nice staff and new The room itself had a nice desk/ work area with a large flat screen TV. The bathroom was clean. Bed was comfortable. You won't be disappointed staying here."  even though several hockey teams were staying at the same time.  Everything was clean and well kept.  The pool area was very nice  no hassles! The breakfast selection was great! Will be staying here again if in the area again!"  easy access into the center of Madison." Reasonable fuel prices and cute desk girls make this a complete FBO experience." Class act here. We in today with our C421 (N21GF)  for college football game. Top of line service for all our needs. Rent car brought out plane-side for our use. Line service very attentive to all our requests and anticipations. Nice lobby for pax and crew needs. One of the better service stops we have been into...ever. Today was a test for all the staff here because of the heavy traffic coming in for ball game. They were on top of things for sure. Thanks folks. Really well done. One caveat: moving season in Madison is August and this rental was in November.  That might account for the ease of the transaction."  and the only car rental places open on Sunday in the great city of Madison are the ones at the airport. (Uhaul was way too expensive!)  The polite man at the counter helped guide us to the best deal he could find and even let us cross that little old state line without paying a fee. We rented a van so new it only had 500 miles Edge: friendly staff. Even though they sneak a cig on the walk from the desk to the lot. Gotta keep it real." "First time renting a car and the people behind the desk were great!  They helped us through the process "This is a shout-out to Matt & Ashley at this location.  They are awesome!!  On a super cold day when it was already dark & snowing  caring service and a free upgrade to a great Jeep Patriot that we really enjoyed. Enterprise is all I've used for years and I don't see myself ever changing. Rare that service in your business is this good." Next month I will be renting from any other company besides enterprise.  There are about 4-5 to choose from at that location."  but this experience has me shaking my head. I landed less than 30 minutes early and went to get my rental. When I got to the counter I was told they didn't even have a car the property and would make some phone calls. They told me they had another car Word of advice---if you think your reservation with Enterprise guarantees a car "Typical Enterprise.  No complaints yCbzzYKkPe1kfeMDdGq03Q Wow - quite the rude encounter at Enterprise Rental at Madison Airport.  Usually really like Enterprise because they care about having happy customers and take responsibility for when they are not fair in a situation.  NOT this time!  Where are the Madison manners?!?  Dale is an awesome person. I enjoy his service and his positive attitude especially so early in the morning!" 4. BONUS.  There's a wagon in the lobby.  A wagon.  Pretty cool.  Also  or a significant wedding anniversary. I would've stayed someplace else had I known the Country Inn and Suites was so luxurious. Now Overall nice hotel and would stay again if we passed through." I've been using Priceline for 8 years almost on a weekly basis. Every once in a while I run across a hotel that treats you like a second class citizen. This is one. They are nearly empty and won't put me in a king room without a $50 up charge.  My room is next to the elevator too.  Why us Priceline if you're going to resent all your customers.  and I also expect an Internet that's fast and functional. This was neither. Literally slower than dial up. I expect more from a Carlson hotel. Really disappointed." The biggest downside is that the outer curtains (the thick ones that block out light) do not close--they are only for aesthetics.  So there is no sleeping in-- you will be up when the sun comes up.  The fitness room is lacking "Very nice hotel. Clean rooms and a delicious breakfast every day! Best complimentary breakfast from a hotel that I have had! Nice staff as well. Indoor pool "Booked it last minute for Ironman Wisconsin.  My hotel rating is simple. If is a place I will go again it's an automatic 4 stars. Clean room gets a 4 stars as I don't use anything else in the hotel. I sleep  I'm sure we will stay there.  I highly recommend it!" "Nice place and I did not stay there....but think twice before holding a meeting or multi-day conference here. They have one restroom per sex and those are one seaters only! Not cool. Also Bottom line: First time and last time staying at a Staybridge Suites." "I would also like to note that the telephones in our room did not work (both) nor did the internet (as a business traveler It would also help if housekeeping staff could adhere to a more consistent schedule." Overall a nice hotel if you need a 2 bedroom suite because of kids!  New and very clean. I've been at other Staybridge hotels and they are usually loud. This is no different. I'm on second floor and third floor guest is very loud (thin floor isolation and neighbors can be heard.  Water pressure a bit low. Pool was very nice and again very clean. Overall we are satisfied and most likely will come back. It was close to downtown and the children's museum which is why we picked this location over the west side. Thanks to the management for a great stay. We would absolutely make this our permanent stop in Madison next time."  we've continued to make it our home away from home in Madison on several trips. I still can't believe that for $70 you can get such a great suite with a full breakfast." I really wish the pool area had been much bigger with water slides and a water play area for kids.  We'd stay again if we couldn't get a room some place with a water park area."  which is listed on Yelp as 0.5 miles from the hotel but that must be a mistake because it was more like 5 miles based on our GPS) All this for under $100 a night. Can't beat it! I'll stay here again."  she came the third time saying at first that she thought we were on a different floor then said that she had already given them a warning (which is it). When we complained we were told that they cannot control what other guests do Since posting the previous review we were contacted by the owner of the hotel and offered a partial refund and a discounted rate on our next stay. I'm not sure that I'll take that offer but will update if we choose to. Overall a nice hotel if you need a 2 bedroom suite because of kids!  New and very clean. I've been at other grand stay hotels and they are usually loud. This is no different. I'm on second floor and third floor guest is very loud (thin floor isolation and neighbors can be heard.  Water pressure a bit low. Pool was very nice and again very clean. Overall we are satisfied and most likely will come back. It was close to downtown and the children's museum which is why we picked this location over the west side. "Great experience for the money! My girlfiend and I were in town for the Badger's game and thought that we'd try to save a few bucks by booking a stay at this hotel. We arrived to a clean room and were surprised to find a kitchenette "I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone! Upon entering and given a key by the front desk we went to our room and it wasn't ready to be checked in. There was dust on top of the refrigerator that we asked to be cleaned off  we had a nice stay.  Comfortable and restful before the drive home."  they do have the slowest elevators in the world." Every time I come here ...  that Cheers song comes to my head  ... I've been coming here for about a year and half and have NEVER EVER had a problem  nice looking pool and gym. About 15 minutes from downtown Madison." Final word: I'll go back and stay here when I'm visiting." 6) I'm probably coming back."  quiet and up to date. The lobby area is inviting and fun place to work and have a drink after a long day!" "we love this place!  it's our ""go-to"" in Madison.  ALWAYS very very very clean All in all a comfy spot to spend the night."  parking seems to be a problem at night. I guess the Courtyard Madison East is quite a popular hotel." Overall nice hotel that is up to date and has multiple amenities. Good choice while staying in east Madison."  but the offer of a cup of a free cup of coffee in exchange for a good night's sleep seemed condescending in light of the 6 hour drive ahead of me.   So not entirely their fault  and their service is super good. It was the most beautiful night we had during our 7-day long trip."  good pool and exercise facilities." "Hotel itself is fine and is located conveniently for swim meets at the Madison U pool on Observatory Drive but the restaurant is terrible thats on the premises. We waited for an hour for breakfast and even coffee/drinks took that long. Besides the restaurant "The hotel is nothing spectacular and amazing. But I recommend it nonetheless. The prices were reasonable considering it's relatively close to both downtown and the airport. They have a free shuttle that can provide transport to downtown "This is my second trip to Madison and this hotel is the better of th two stays. We got this hotel on priceline pretty chep. The lobby looks great. The rooms are a little out dated.  The winners at this place?  Pool and hot tub  stay at the Madison Hostel.  It's about 10x cheaper and about 1  nice restaurant downstairs.  Very nice local guides on the desk in the room.  The hotel offered a small work out room with current machines and a nice pool and hot tub. I was really surprised that everywhere I went in the hotel everything smelled very clean.  In the morning I did discover that my coffee pot did not work The bar staff and front desk are very accommodating and have been very helpful during my past two visits." This hotel was perfect for what we used it for; sleeping. If our stay was longer than a few hours  I absolutely adored this hotel and would stay there again for my next visit."  and he seemed to have absolutely ZERO knowledge of how that worked. Maybe he was in training. My husband travels for work and stays at Best Westerns all of the time. He has never had a problem like this. The manager was extremely nice and we gave him our account/approval number from registering online. He was younger than both of the people at checkout and much more helpful and professional. He got us registered within 10 minutes. I just thought someone should know about this incident. I work with people and would NEVER be so rude to customers as the front desk. They never even smiled and we did not get anywhere until the manager came out. We will not be staying there again."  so if there is a hotelier out there reading this I suggest you look into Madison as a likely place to put a comfortable inn.  I am sure I am not the only one who would take advantage of such a alternative." I woul recommend as the location is good and it's clean.  Could use some moderization but clean made it acceptable and above average." "My room was on the top floor at the Highland Club. Fantastic! Very nice rooms. A lounge with free drinks every evening. Chocolate chip cookies. I don't know what the regular floors are like  th staff was very friendly. I booked my room on the app hotels tonight. The hotel actually reimbursed me $20. I didn't try the free breakfast but it smelled amazing. My room was clean and looked very nice. Very pleased with the hotel"  and the money they recently put in to the place are fabu! I've been there for several events and each has gone off without a hitch  and lots of outlets (including several USB outlets).  We will be back."  and the staff is pleasant and helpful. We will definitley stay here again when visiting our daughter."  I wouldn't stay here...there are many more options in Madison.  The one good thing about the hotel is the shuttle service to anywhere in a 2 mile radius...they will drop you off and pick you up.  It is also very close to the hospital and university...literally across the street." "The Inntowner is a very welcoming place to stay in Madison.  My wife and I have stayed there on a few occasions when visiting family at the UW Hospital.  The staff at the Inntowner has always been amazingly gracious and kind.  In particular a gentleman named Chet We stayed there on a recent trip and agree that the service was excellent. The shuttle to take up to dinner was very prompt and convenient. The club on the top floor with complimentary cocktails was a nice treat.  The additional fee for this site versus other Best Western's was worth it.  A no hassle trip over to Smoky's made it even more convenient. We will definitely revisit next time we go up north.  this is a great hotel to stay at for Badger Games "This not a three and a half star place. It sucks. Drains don't flow. Toilet is cracked. Staff are not nice. Crazy loud noise at 4 am was ignored by staff. The only reason we are here is because our kids were moving in Madison and we came to town to help. Unfortunately "Nice clean rooms with modern comforts. Beautiful indoor pool and hot tubs. The biggest feature is the location! Walking distance from State street and Blue Moon tavern is just across the street! I enjoy myself every time I stay here. I stayed for some time here when my mom was in the UW Hospital (a block away). Like I said  but we'd likely look at other options next time we get to Madison. Might still choose this one if the price is right." Hotel was undergoing work for the exterior of the building they need to wash the windows and keep up on mold in our bathroom. It is very conveniently close to the hospital and they do run a shuttle to the hospital 24 hrs. If I was coming back I would stay someplace else and make the drive There are good restaurants within a short walking distance. The William S. Middleton Memorial Veterans Hospital and the University of Wisconsin Hospital are very close I had the best costumer service experience ever at this hotel.  Lisa was her name.  Very rare these days!  Hotel was nice too:). Only one weirdness - microwave mysteriously appeared in room on 2nd night of three night stay. Whatevs." They would have gotten the 5th star if their grill's food wasn't so terrible. If u have the option go somewhere else to eat.  The free breakfast in the morning is good but anything else they serve is terrible at least for me. Also there are no prices on the menu so u have to try and guess. Other than that they are awesome.  but they do provide small bars of soap and clean towels.  The bed was comfortable and I slept well.  They offer nothing in the morning except a fresh cup of coffee in the lobby (no coffee maker in the room).  The WiFi was free and worked very well.  Overall The only problem was that the cards kept getting demagnetized  I can sleep soundly. Or can I? The bedding had burn holes from cigarettes and also had the awesome cigarette smell. The bathroom was as clean as Kams bathroom and still had the evidence of college parties don't stay here there are better places in Urbana. IL" I am covered in bites- the place seemed clean but the bugs were there. I went through this at home and an infestation is a horrible thing to live through"  which I expected and did not mind.  The floor sloped at various angles and did little to muffle noise.  Very thin walls increased the noise.  The bathroom was dingy" We booked 3 rooms for 1 night so we weren't too conserned with how nice the hotel was but this place was a nightmare.  We requested new sheets for 2 rooms because of blood and other stains. The first room they came and said it was the best sheet that they had and the 2nd room they handed us a balled up sheet for us to change ourselves. One room had a smoke detector covered with a plastic bag. A very large disturbing strain on the spring board too. All were very dirty with stains from floor to ceiling.  I think many rooms around us were families living there. We all woke up to a domestic dispute in the morning.  Pay the $20 extra and stay somewhere else.  My friends wont let me forget about this pick anytime soon... "AbsOLUTELY ridiculous. At 240 am. I was face raped by a roach while sleeping. I catch the culprit put him in a towel and take it to front desk. Yumi the cockroach inn keeper gets an attitude with me for asking for a refund  and when I explained my incident was being referred to crisis mgmt team because of the seemingly racially motivated remarks made by Yumi Patel." "ONLY stay here if you are 1. Staying for one night and 2. planning on only being there to sleep for 7 hours and then leave.  The place is dirty dirty dirty.  The carpet in the hallway is very dirty.  Our sheets had stains.  I didn't even go in the bathroom (again I see there are a lot of complaints about this hotel. But they are under new management now so a lot has changed. I stayed there for almost 2 months and I paid daily due to certain reasons I couldn't afford the weekly rate. Checkout is at 11 but if I didn't have enough to pay it by then they didn't hassle me about it and still let me stay. There were even times that I couldn't pay the full amount for the day till the following day but they were understanding and still let me stay and worked with me. I got fresh towels daily. And got to have a fridge and microwave. Wifi worked just fine. When I got here my room was very clean. Yea they don't give you shampoos or anything like that. But for the price you pay here I still say it's a fairly decent place. I've never had to deal with noise complaints or awful smells. I've also never seen or heard anybody complain of bed bugs or fleas here either. The staff here are very friendly and kind. And if you get to talk to them they are funny people to joke around with too. I'm not made of money so I can't afford a fancy hotel. But even still I would stay here again and also recommend it to anybody.  must've had a bad day or something bc he treated me very disrespectfully. Was very very rude and inconsiderate and wouldn't let me talk or answer my questions as to why I was being kicked out. He couldn't give me any logical reason. I tried to give them a good review after seeing all the bad reviews but now after that experience tonight I will never go to this motel ever again. If you have a few extra bucks I would deff use it and go to a different motel. They don't offer anything besides a bar of nasty soap and coffee in the morning. But the blankets are nasty full of burn marks. The carpets look like crap and are nasty in the hallways but he yelled at me one day for not wanting room service when I cleaned the room myself. I got the cleaning supplies from the housekeeper and garbage bags along with the vacuum so my room was kept clean but apparently since they didn't do it it wasn't good enough. In my opinion I did a better job than what they would've done anyway. The keycards that they give you half the time didnt work and my room was all the way at the other end of the building so if my card just stopped working then I had to walk clear across the lot back to the front and request a new card. Also when it snowed they didnt have the sidewalks cleared at all and it was very slick when it was icy. They didn't ever salt the parking lot or the sidewalks by the building so there were many times walking even to my car I almost fell. Then after I had been here for about 2 weeks I requested to have a fridge. I requested one about 3/4 days before Christmas. Every day I asked I was told I would get it the next morning when maintenance could get it. Needless to say I didnt get the fridge until 3 days AFTER Christmas...so a week later it took them that long to get a fridge that was in a room RIGHT ACROSS THE HALLWAY! And they still didn't even get it I had to have my boyfriend carry it from one room to the other. They only opened the door and held it...how thoughtful. This place was nice at first but after staying here for a while I thought I would have been treated a little better by the manager seeing as he knew my circumstances as to why I was staying here so long but he was very rude and disrespectful and just overall unpleasant to deal with my final days staying there. He wouldnt even give me or my boyfriend a chance to talk or try reason with him about the situation. He was just very mean and kept talking over us and wouldn't listen to anything. Then when we asked how to get ahold of his boss or whoever is above him he just said 'we handle it here' but in a previous instance that happened and I thought they could take care of it he had told me he has a boss that makes the decisions I was inquiring about so he couldn't help me. So again this was a nice place at first but with that experience I had my final day I would never go back there again and I would NOT recommend this place to anybody. Kenny the manager is very inconsiderate and not reasonable. I won't ever stay there again."  the was also cigarette ashes in the bathroom. The shower wasn't throughly cleaned. The hallway & the room had a particular odor. The hallway floors were nasty & so was the room. I did not want to walk around the room w/o shoes on. The next day when we checked out I noticed my boyfriend had bug bites all over his neck  a two night stay. We chose this hotel because many of our friends chose to stay here and because the price was extremely cheap. The night we checked in we were greeted by a very young Filipino family with many small children. My first impression of this motel? Very very very dirty  and will go out of their way to make things run smoothly. I once called the day of a reservation to see if I could move up my reservation time  it came to me with an empty tank of gas.  I was told I would get a 10% discount for my inconvenience but that 10% was not granted even after 3 separate calls to the office (each time I was told it would be credited to my card immediately).  Also the car had an issue where the dash would light up with alerts as if it were over-heating and then one minute later  friendly guy who drove me to and from the Enterprise facility. I had a great experience here and would recommend to anyone needing a car." "I've been at this location a couple times now and everytime it's like the employees have a stick where the sun don't shine. They are so fake and put a smile on and a tone to their voices that just reek of them having to appear nice for the sake of the job. They picked me up 2 hours late and claimed it was due to them not having my phone number correct. But how is that possible if I rented from them so many times already? So then SETH REFUSES to rent me a car because the guy on the phone told me a different (CHEAPER) price than what they were charging me. He wouldn't help me out in anyway and was just a terrible employee. I have been calling corporate and complaining because it's not like this is just a cup of coffee Paul was very helpful in getting us the best SUV for our needs without exceeding the original terms of the deal. We were very satisfied with our vehicle and experience all throughout the trip. It was chaotic as people jostled each other to get on the bus. This reminds me of the movie Titanic where people jostle to get on lifeboats!"  but I'm taking one star off because the Chicago terminal is dirty and haphazard. It also smelled a lot like weed when I got off one night. While there are security guards So observation and working here ya once upon of time they had a hard time with being over book...because of the Internet tickets not cutting off and still saleing even if the bus was canceled..but now since that has changed we just have problems with people not printing their own tickets or being late them selves or messing up making the ticket...then they have a bad experience... Lol I think lot of the drivers are cool and do the best they can and we just go by what's has been given to us  via online weekend deals. Great free breakfast. Bed was comfy. No complaints about room or service. Upgrade over other budget places. Would stay again."  and the staff at the front desk were very apologetic about putting us in a handicapped-accessible room rather than the regular king room we'd requested. Handicapped-accessible primarily meant a larger bathroom/bathtub  making this a convenient location. I've stayed at LaQuintas before ftjhXiYI0CFOk_px-lafWw "Only stayed here because of a snowstorm and because the seven other hotels  juices. Came in late last night & got a great room with a nice view of the outdoor pool. Cozy little exercise room with newer equipment. I definitely feel like I got my money's worth."  juice. Only con was being woken up by construction workers eating breakfast and getting ready for their day around 6:30am."  but I didn't eat in the lobby. I took it back to my room. We put the do not disturb sign up for the weekend- so not to waste the maids time. They were so awesome and they left a bag of clean towels at our door just in case we needed them! The pool looked nice  but this was hands-down the worst coffee I've ever had."  breakfast was very nice.  The bathrooms were a bit small but overall the room was very comfortable.  It is next to many restaurants and a mall and easy access to UIUC.  I would stay here again without hesitation. PS...I am highly allergic to mold and was worried from a past review. I prefer non carpeted rooms.  It was 90 degrees and my throat would swell with any type of serious mold.  I slept great with no sore throat so I am certain no real mold issues for those worried." "I liked this La Quinta because it didn't have that telltale LQ odor in the hallway and inside the room. Maybe they've changed their cleaning products OR maybe "We were very happy with our stay. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was spacious It was a OK Hotel...We had to stop where they accepted animals and that being said..there was obviously a lot of animals previously in this Room...The hotel was fairly comfortable..a little pricey for such dirty carpet and odd unmatched bedding...Hope I dont ever have to stop there again! "The hotel does not have an elevator so if you have luggage be prepared to lug it up stairs. The continental breakfast is nothing but carbs. No good balance with proteins.  everything smells like stale hairspray and old smoke. The rooms are quaint and clean. If you're looking for affordable  you are penalized. I just don't like it and will never stay at a La Quinta again."  quiet and in an excellent location.  They welcomed our small dog with a doggie biscuit as well.  Breakfast was the usual fare which we wish they would add to Bonus points for breakfast. At this price you certainly don't expect breakfast I'd give the spot a ""totally fine"" overall.  Not too noisy  rooms are very nice and up-to-date. Only problem is no elevator (for hauling up for long stay) but everything else is great."  Pops.  But thanks for the Febreezin' anyway."  and the shower curtain didn't even have any plastic liner to keep the water in the tub. The only positives (the reason it gets two stars instead of one) were that there was good pressure in the shower and the location was not bad. Honestly though I do not know what else you could possibly be looking for in Champaign." had a good bathroom.Stayed at a Super 8 in Pa.the bathroom didn't have that much room.Lots of places to eat by here.Also there is a mall nearby.Will stay there again if I have to." "The Indian kid working at the counter asked me if I wanted to get a non-smoking room because the smoking room I reserved ""smelled really bad.""  Also "I have stayed here twice now! I must say the service was great. The 2nd time even though it was within a weeks time The lobby was under construction and the staff was very pleasant."  the clerk said ""we spray every week"" and we now no why  my boyfriend squished it with a napkin. After that I refused to sleep there so we went to ask the manager for our money back. The manager inspects our room and says he can't refund us because we already ""used"" the room (I had pulled back the covers of the bed to check for more bugs) and that he needed to see the cockroach to prove we were telling the truth. My poor boyfriend had to dig through the trash to show the manager the dead bug. The guy then told us to re-make the bed and we would get our money back. Seriously? Oh and he also informed us that the roaches are usually downstairs and he had an upstairs room available if we wanted it. No. Thank. You."   & creepy. (Of course my hubby would point out they had old TVs too.) I went to meijer to buy some febreeze to try to just make it work.  My hubby called to say he couldn't stay there. He went next door to la quinta for $115. Because I booked through priceline I was not allowed a refund.  This should tell you IT IS NOT OK TO STAY THERE! IM frugal Classic case of getting what you pay for. $45 on a Saturday night is a good price but the room smelled musty and the carpet was in disrepair. Room size and cleanliness were acceptable and so was was the continental breakfast. The room smell made the stay uncomfortable. I will look for another place next time. For my money the Hampton Inn is a better hotel. With some upgrades  so that was convenient.  Not a bad time down in Champagna."  except maybe that our room overlooked the fans (heating?) so it constantly sounded like there was crazy wind outside. The breakfast was maybe a little better than average continental  despite the fact that I was travelling for a conference that had a whole block of rooms reserved  make sure you pay Jarling's a visit!" "This place was ok for Champagne-Urbana. Stayed here for my cousins wedding. Rooms were spacious and the kitchenette was a plus as a serious lack of decent places to eat was evident. I don't plan on staying here again  I think it's probably the best hotel in Champaign. Everyone there is super friendly and I think it's gotten a lot nicer!"  it is worth taking a look at other locations that will give you more comfort."  I think.  Very doable if you're in decent shoes!  Hopefully next year when the tradition continues  the WiFi is slow but constant. I never got dropped. I could always sign on. But slow."  so we opted to overnite vs fly our Commander ship out. This was a first pick via the flying service here at local airport. Was convenient to find Found super gross spots on the sheet under the pillows. The most gross place I've ever stayed. Do they even clean the room?!  and a wonderful complimentary hot breakfast. If it weren't for the mysterious black debris & the disappearing clothes (about $200 worth) Breakfast is great ! However you WILL be trapped here. The van will not take you anywhere. It goes to and from the airport . On the way there is a wal mart and movie theatre but won't drop you off.  manager rude and did not offer any sort of concession. Disappointing service." Stayed here multiple times. Close proximity to Memorial Stadium. Dog friendly. Within walking distance to many restaurants. Staff is friendly & polite. Complimentary breakfast is 2nd to none. Three thumbs up!  sound proofing.  The one thing you truly want is quiet and this place is nosier than a one room cabin with 30 people in it." "I stayed here for a conference was happy with the cleanliness and the excellent breakfast! It was a little farther from U of IL  it was clear that the previous occupant enjoyed the room much more than we did.  The biggest issue with our room was that the chair by the desk had an odd stain in an odd location.  I daresay there could only be one explanation I love a hotel where the cashier sits behind bulletproof glass.  Nothing makes me feel safer. First and last time I stay at a Red Roof." So....good customer service after the fact...not so great hotel stay. Never again. Until next year We were able to find a room at the I Hotel for the next night and we checked out a day early from the Red Roof Inn. They had a audacity for five minutes to charge me for BOTH days even though I was able to check out. The manager just charged me for one day  toward any complaints. Have stayed at other Red Roofs; nothing like this one. Moved to La Quinta next morning." So I am giving this spot an A-OK just based on the experience I knew I was going to have with this caliber of hotel chain." Construction is going on and lots of storage containers in the parking lots." After this experience we were much more careful about checking reviews prior to relying on coupons from the rest stops (and generally used Hotwire for places with satisfaction ratings higher than 75% - this worked very well)."  mold and stains in the tub and on the shower curtain.  Musty damp smell in the entire room.  There was even a bug smashed and stuck on the wall.  I can't believe housekeeping would even consider this clean.  There are plenty of other choices in the area and I suggest you look at those first." I was not expecting luxury by any means but I also did not think I would be sleeping in my jeans or becoming best friends with a resident room fly. This place has it all  pets also. By I74 and near several places to eat. We requested one of the newly renovated room and bottom floor. The room is very clean Cons: they do not provide breakfast (which is ok considering the price you pay)." iHz3Rn0pjAcO46LXv3kuEw A great price for a clean room and comfy bed." My friend and I stayed here last weekend while attending a horse show last weekend. The place was affordable and the staff was really nice. The laminate floors in the rooms were a brilliant idea. I don't ever walk around in my bare feet in hotel/motel rooms but had no problem doing so here. The place is pet friendly which is another plus for a lot of people. The only reason I have a 4 instead of a 5 star rating was because out bathroom door did not close properly. I would definitely stay here again. "Room was clean. Nothing fancy. Staff was friendly and let us check in several hours early. Close to many eateries and the mall and interstate. No problems "Just arrived for a one night stay and looking for somewhere else to stay instead. Front desk staff is friendly but otherwise this place is a complete bust. The room is musty and not quite clean (mirrors are smeared  new ""hardwood"" floor -- clean! Comfortable mattresses  and I'm giving it five stars for the quality to price ratio.  Be aware that it's not particularly ""luxurious"":  the carpets share that tragic design with all the other cheap hotels you've been to  and I was given the runaround about it for 45 minutes. Stay away. Sleep in the park; it's cleaner."  garbage was overflowing in the breakfast area.  Back to the room. . . tv was old - not a flat screen.  Only one bar soap for sink and shower "If you like sharing your bed with multi-legged critters then this is the place for you!  Bed bugs  so if you are hoping to spend time there I might consider another hotel. HOWEVER  really nice.  Both beds were super comfy and had lots of pillows and towels.  I slept really great both nights. I missed the breakfast both mornings since I left slept in  staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Breakfast had a large selection and was very good."  otherwise I would of stayed somewhere else.  They were going through a major remodeling and I am surprised they were able to stay open as there is no way a handicapped person in a wheel chair could navigate the crowded hallways.  We paid for two beds but opted for the only handicapped accessible room since the first room stunk like cigarettes and had burn marks in the carpet.  Our room had been updated with a new bed only and since we only had to be in the room for sleeping we managed.  The towels were grungy and the toilet barely flushed.  On the 2nd day it looked like a dump as they had all mattresses 0AKMdgvE7LjHZ6LTJNCHKw  and this was by far the worst one ever.  Didn't dare even try the free breakfast. Pay a few more dollars and stay somewhere else."  there HAS to be better hotels to go to - so go there already and stop reading this review  but no HD cable channels.  What's the point?)"  but it is close to I-74 and only a few minutes' drive from campus and downtown.  I would definitely stay here again." great customer service" "After checking and running out of motel 8 when we found roaches it was very early in morning The buffet was smaller than most but that wasn't a big deal. The problem was the dry and hard food. Then our bill had a  mandatory18% tip and a $13 service charge???? There are better places to eat close by at a better price. tUZuEXyXNTdG7drG0C6S8A "While visiting for a conference we stopped by for breakfast. It's always nice having a buffet option when you're in a hurry. There is cereal (go lucky charms!) It was a roof over our heads. It is located near many of the places we ended up checking out. It is not a great hotel." The location was the best attribute here.  House keeping was nice but the beds did me in." The price is right for $59.00 per night. Again I'm not fussy about the outdated features about the hotel. Just as long as I get my sleep is all it matter." Overall I am pleased with our stay at the hotel. It is old The staff was very friendly and helpful  pretty expansive. The only thing keeping this from a 5-star (in terms of value) is that you have to walk through a nasty-smelling  complimentary breakfast from 7-10am. Fabulous!" nothing too spectacular but fairly priced and good sized rooms for the cost.Located right next to the light rail which was very convenient 15 minutes to and from the airport a perfect location if you plan on staying just right in the downtown area "you get what you pay for. At $89 a night and you can comfortably split with three people and not have to share a bed with someone (as long as you're not married).  The bathrooms and showers could have afforded to be power washed.  But I was basically there to sleep and shower  whether we would get a discount (""we do not give discounts""). Waited for the supposed cab for another 10 minutes and ended up taking our own car (the agent on the phone even said ""if you want guarantees you need to use your own car'!). Have not seen the cab anywhere in the area when was leaving Absolutely one of the worst cab companies imaginable. I cannot believe any business can successfully run like this. I will go out of my way to never use them again."  every person I speak to makes me repeat the entire situation and then tells me to call another person. I finally got the number to who I was told was the General Manager but is actually the Fleet Manager only to get a full voicemail box. Probably filled with similar complaints..." I called another cab company immediately afterwards and had absolutely no problem with them. The dispatcher didn't ask for the library's address (in fact  the cab was clean and the driver was personable. I even lost my phone inside the cab and later that day the nice driver dropped it off.  Hats off to you Yellow Cab" Called a cab about an hour ago and was told 10-20 minutes.  20 minutes ago was told 17 minutes.  Using my cell phone's last remaining battery life to leave this 1 star review. "Another dismal review for this company. I called for a 6 AM pickup to the airport like I had several times previously. Dispatch informed someone would arrive. I waited until 6:10 AM and called again-dispatch then told me another 15 minutes until pickup! I stated that was not acceptable as I had a flight to catch. I ended up driving myself to the airport. Oh yeah  grabbed my bag out of the trunk and was on his way. Pleasant "This is the worst cab service I ever experienced. I called the yellow cab today to make a reservation. After waiting for a few minutes  so we spoke with a human who said that the online submission had not specified a regular or special cab.  I was pretty sure I had specified ""regular cab""--but if there was some uncertainty  and don't feel sorry when you call over an hour early and maybe one shows up. I would not recommend this company. The problem seems to be from the Supervisor down." Yellow Cab is the MOST untrustworthy and unprofessional cab company I have EVER dealt with.  They double charged me for an expensive cab ride.  They will not take care of you if you call them with a complaint.  You do not get to speak to a manager.  They refuse to come to the phone.  I am going to small claims court.  I will never EVER give you guys one more dime of my money.  I will use a shuttle - any shuttle -- to ANYWHERE and then contact an honest taxi company to take me to my destination.  It sure won't be Yellow Cab.  Those guys are crooks!" The worst customer service I have experienced in my life. How is it possible you are even in business? This is the worst cab company in whole world." yR3U7jOgoD0V0sGovuyt0Q yR3U7jOgoD0V0sGovuyt0Q I would give them a negative star if possible. I scheduled a 2pm pick up to the airport and No Show No Call!! Discount cab to the rescue! Yellow can suck it. Unreliable!!! We took a ride from PHX airport into town and right before arrival the taxi driver switched off the meter and told us there is no connection and made us pay cash asking for more then the meter actually calculated! We planned to pay by card! Yellow Cab taxi is rip off! I do not recommend using their service! We will call Yellow Cab again before we ever call Discount."  the man and woman in Lost and Found were so rude to me. They made me feel like an idiot and that is terrible customer service. I called again today just to make sure that what I lost wasn't found after a few days and the woman I asked to transfer me the Lost and Found was again very very rude. If it had Just been that one time I would have chalked it up to them having a bad day. But i spoke to different people on different days and all of them were rude. I'm very disappointed with the customer service at Yellow Cab."  my driver tonight tried to get in a verbal fight with me over my address.. WHERE I LIVE. He slammed on the breaks in the middle of the intersection  I would use Yellow Cab again and I recommend them based on that experience." "The driver named Nur Ahmed was not courteous at all. He didnt even help us unload our bags. He was insulted and annoyed that we were giving him directions to get to our destination. His taxi was dirty and smelled as if someone smelled curry on the back seat. He refused for us to pay with a credit card. He insisted that cash only. When I asked for a receipt Needless to say we had to call and wake up someone we met in the area and have him drive us because we were out of options.  BEYOND FRUSTRATING!!!!"  after all that he tried to charge me almost double what I was originally quoted. Rates to the airport are a different rate than ""street rates"". The driver tried to charge me street rates when there is a sign on his dash that clearly states the airport rates. I tell him I'm not paying double the quoted rate. He refuses to switch it. I have to call dispatch again to get the rate lowered. Then (even though I said I would be paying with a card on my reservation) he tells me I have to pay cash. I don't have the cash to cover the ride as I was planning to pay with a card. We have to call dispatch again to have them run the card. Now I'm about 45 minutes later than I wanted to be getting to the airport. Save yourself the trouble and use a different cab service. What a train wreck."  had a Prius show up! Called to ask for an additional van "Avoid Yellow cab like the plague.  I'm required to take them around town because of insurance issues.  At times I've waited 90 minutes for a cab; other times no cab shows.  I've given up and Cab driver started off unfriendly and did not want to take a credit card once I arrived at my destination.  Every card I own was somehow declined until he extorted cash from me so I could leave the car.  Funny I had no problems with the cards anywhere else before or after. You guys wonder why everyone is switching to Uber???   Beware of Car #476!  quoted a price of $26 to drop me off at home from the airport...got home and was actually charged $43...for a ride in a raggedy ass cab. Save your money and do like I considered doing but didn't - call an uber"  they'll give you a tour of the hotel and its allegedly haunted basement. Just be sure to tip them for their time.  And if you're looking for something more G-rated  and the drinks start to flow. They do ""Adult Swim"" on Saturday's and Sunday's - you don't have to be a guest at the hotel to go. Everyone is welcome and you can bring your own booze~ It is a lot better than other places (say the Mondrian) as the people are chill and you don't have to be a supermodel or look like one to go there. I would recommend this spot to anyone (out of town or not) as a nice place to cool off and relax during the weekend."  where Marilyn Monroe once swam. It's beautiful at night adorned with multi-colored bubble lamps. But you can't swim after 10! (Who's looking ;-P )" The charm of the place is that they kept much of the original decor and fixtures of this once famous Phoenix institution."  it really is cool.  The value for our room was incredible too!  We only paid 99 bucks for a very large and comfortable two room suite.  A great experience." I thought the place had charm and was told of the about the ghosts who haunt the place and all the celebrities who had once stayed here at check-in. Fun place to stay if you're doing something downtown  has great charm and attentive employees." Didn't run into any ghosts. Thank goodness!" Im going to give this place another shot soon." Overall opinion: Not worth the money. For a few bucks more I could have stayed at the Hyatt or something. I know their selling point is the whole historical aspect I will certainly be back!" Wanted to ghost hunt but was too drunk and had a blast with naked chicks in the pool. Walls are paper thin... f3LA83yEEBMj9q92H28O7w "Cute. Loved the historic feel. Management was horrible. The valet didn't have a name tag. The staff ""forgot"" to give us our free breakfast card and would not compensate.  The pipes banged for 45 minutes at 1am. No hot water in the morning. Oh and we were on the Marilyn Monroe suite." I will say that the only benefit to this hotel is the barber shop on the ground floor. They were really nice I got a great haircut Beware! I was quoted one price on the phone but when I went to use the yelp promo they bumped it $10 bucks. Not Cool!"  please please modernize the hotel somewhat (see Hotel Valley Ho) and I guarantee you will immediately draw a crowd."  why don't u enjoy ur stay here and write a review for me to ENJOY?? Location is the only thing this hotel has going for it  plenty of character. Love the ghost legends whether they're true or not. Docked one star for the pool which "hotel historique qui a vu passer Marylin et Clark Gable pas un peu vtuste   I am a fan of this place and see myself staying here again in the future. I knew it was an historic hotel and I wasn't sure what to expect and I kept an open mind. My friend booked us a room with 2 double beds. The room was fairly small We went up to Phoenix for a Tom Petty concert last year and were excited to check this place out.  I absolutely loved it!  I love old hotels like this and this one was great.  Rooms are small due to the fact that this hotel is old but still comfy and cozy.  The staff was very friendly and breakfast was very good.  The hotel was within walking distance of a few bars we visited and it turned out to be a good trip even though our concert was cancelled.  The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because they lost our reservation on the first night we were supposed to stay BUT then they paid for a night at the Mariott around the corner.  Great customer service!! "My husband and I stayed here over the weekend. We loved it! Our room was very clean which is most important to me in any hotel. Beds were comfy with plenty of extra pillows. I did not get some of the complaints I saw with others for size of the room. I would say pretty standard to most hotels. You can generally expect rooms and bathrooms to be smaller than modern places in historic hotels.I love that they keep things original as they can.Staff was really friendly. We felt very welcome and relaxed. We took the ghost tour. Our guide was very nice. She let us roam around as we wished to take pictures. We stayed in 218. On this night all the suites were unavailable. I would like to go back and try one of the suites next time.I forgot there was a pool so I did not bring a suit.Very nice pool. We did go check it out. Next time. I thought the room was priced very well. There is a bar in the hotel. We did hear the music until 2 am however Overall a good experience and I would highly recommend it to the budget traveler."  their soaps and shampoos were great smelling.  Funny sign in shower ""sudden drops in water pressure will result in a temporary increase in water temperature"".  Free wi-fi.  If the service at the front desk were a bit better The bar was okay but the comedy show was horrible. PS  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the pool at this hotel..."  a historic hotel with a lot of personality.  The hotel might benefit by training the front desk in proper hotel etiquette and professionalism."  not the hotel staff.)"  but a $170 charge for not even staying there seems a little pricing to me.  We are no having to dispute the charge with the CC bank." This is not worth your money or time  so if you want sterility book somewhere else.  I loved it.  It was the only good thing about downtown Phoenix as far as I could tell." "My husband booked the hotel because it was listed as one of America's Historic Hotel.  It's in need of some TLC.  Bathroom tiles chipped and dirty grout made it seem dirty.  Small room facing the main street (quiet though).  Unless you're going to a baseball or basketball game (both stadiums are within walking distance)  they haven't renovated it since.  The only positive was the roof deck with the pool.  Next time I would stay at a nearby hotel from a national chain.  We had a group for a weekend and ended up renting a suite at the Holiday Inn for a party room one night." I will probably avoid going here again Oh and the parking isn't awful. It's just a little jot up the street which for those of you who don't mind walking a short ways  independent hotel with a nice cool pool even on the heat of June...oh  desk staff is very accomodating.  It's a quick walk to the convention center and other places.  Get your coffee at Cartel Coffee Lab (see my rave review) which is only a couple blocks away.  If you don't need ""luxury""  and provided with friendly staff.  They were very combative and inappropriate.  Neglected to have a conversation and try and resolve the issue - resorted to aggressiveness because the staff wasn't intelligent enough to cooperate." I will say the new Vietnamese/French fusion restaurant on the ground floor will be the only loss to the community if the San Carlos were to collapse under the weight of it's own self delusion...."  the stay was less than we expected. The bathroom we had was so small I was worried about getting stuck! My mother's room had no hair dryer or working outlet in the bathroom. It was none less disappointing and not worth the price."  I love this place because is so original and authentic.  It is my favorite place to stay in Phoenix."  and there is a story and picture of a rape and murder line up next to the elevator. If that run-on sentence doesn't detract you then look at the rest of the reviews on here-- more than half of them seem like fake 4* ratings and the rest tell the true story and echo my complaints." Great service and such a great place to stay! This place has a lot history and great stories behind it! The security guard Dennis is so incredibly nice and knowledgeable about the history of the hotel as was very happy to take the time to share it with us. The rest of the staff was very helpful as well.  the valet are airheads and the overall atmosphere just sucks! I regret ever staying here and would like to advice anyone on thinking about staying here to STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!! Rooms are small bathtubs have roaches  I'm highly entertained in hindsight at how scared I was in the ""haunted"" hotel and have some good memories to show from it. Also Gave 2 stars because the pool deck (level 3) and Thai restaurant downstairs are great If you're looking to step back in time 2 stars. Never again." "What a wonderful experience!  Don't believe the negative reviews... Those are from spoiled like kids with ""first world problems""..  or going to the bathroom. I heard a couple of door slams but I think at any hotel its typical. All the bad reviews are obviously from people who have a case of first world problems. Wahhh  as well as the pictures and newspaper articles posted around the hotel. Clean  a pretty view of the city and a lovely rooftop swimming pool. If you like historic hotels with ghost stories you'll love it here. So many restaurants and nightclubs to walk to and it's right next to the light rail. Also  I'm pretty sure the vents were connected because I could smell when our neighbors used their restrooms. We did enjoy the interesting historical tidbits posted on the walls and the pool was nice. However The Hotel San Carlos will always be my first choice of hotel now. There's so much history and it's pretty cool to think you walked in the same lobby that Marilyn Monroe and so many other stars walked through." Gross old hotel - not charming in any way." We especially loved that they hotel has kept it's 'old' and classic feel." Rooms were pretty quiet despite the reviews of the ""thin walls"". Elevators were small and cramped but that's what you'd expect from an antique hotel. Decent area It's a beautiful old hotel.  It's not fancy but its historical.   Very clean.  Friendly staff.  In the middle of the night some kids came barreling down the hallway screaming and laughing and then had a party in the room next to me.  When I called the front desk he was already in the process of moving them.  That is very rare.  Great location as well. I recommend this hotel and I would stay there again. Sadly I did not see any ghosts but certainly could have used her assistance for the wild kids next door.  Luckily the manager was swift in taking care of them. I can only hope the hotel is able to survive this horrible management  and staff long enough to see improvement The Hotel San Carlos does not do that.  I really hope that they get their act together because the historic building deserves better."  but that's just me being high maintenance when it comes to vacations but if I am on a tight budget as I was on this vacay then sure I would most likely stay here again if needed."  I would have expected my car to be secured in their garage. The kicker was when hotel staff tried to tell me that I did not leave it in the car!?! The manager finally relented and did offer to remove one night of parking for my ""trouble"" I just found it to be too little too later after having her staff act like I was being dishonest. Next time  cheap you get. Paper thin walls so I could hear the neighbors sports scores on the tv and even clear his throat and cough. I was happy he wasn't on his honeymoon or I would have heard every sigh and grunt. The chipped bath tile and unglazed bathtub made me wonder how they were keeping it clean. The pool had cushions floating in it and probably only has sun for 15 minutes a day and when my roommate touched the water she got shocked. Are they sure the resident ghost leaped to her death and wasn't electrocuted in the pool. There is old and classy  "I'm not sure what all the griping is about.  This is a hotel built in the 1920s.  The rooms are small and the bathrooms are tiny (so are the elevators) I just called the hotel to speak to a manager and let them know how friendly the staff was. Woman who answered phone stated there was no manager working.  one star for you."  next room was occupied. There is no customer service here.  Especially the lady working the front desk "I booked it because it was cheap. I booked it because I hoped it was retro and quaint and charming. Nope. It's just dilapidated. And old. And kinda gross. The walls are so thin I know everything about the family next door that there is to know. ""It's a double room. Woooooowwww!"" ""Waaaaaaaa."" I had to turn the tv on high volume to drown out the family. And I wasn't even watching tv to begin with!!! I had a slight view of the pool. It looks like a kiddie pool at a chuck-e-cheese brand taqueria. Horrible. Never again. Steer clear. Airport Hampton Inn is a way better option. At least it doesn't try to be what it's not."  hairbrushes and such on while i got ready? A toilet seat. Yup. No counter in the bathroom. It had the charm of an old place with the type of tile but so much of the tile was chipped and the paint peeling away from the walls it just felt old and dirty and run down. The drain in the shower didn't work well and I was standing in several inches of water while I showered. No room to room AC so you were at the mercy of how cool the people at the hotel wanted to keep the place. In AZ its 100+ all the time. I bet our room at night was 77 degrees or more. We were sweating and it made sleeping tough. We probably will opt for a more modern place just for the AC and clean feel next time and be willing to pay a higher price for it."  but would probably stay somewhere else next time." I would definitely stay here again."  but its not relaxing or comfortable to spend the night in." hotel san carlos takes pride in their business and yet it is perfectly low key."  the amenities leave lots to be desired. The walls are thin. The room is tiny. The bathroom is so small that a person over 5'8 / 175 lbs would have a problem turning around in the shower. For $170 per night  updated carpeting could make this place awesome." "Nothing better than being in a dead sleep to wake up to the screaming pipes because someone on another floor is showering _yfprBETaYgySkKyl8ZWMQ  I concur with other people. The walls are extremely thin and I could hear the people next door unfortunately until 1am in the morning. My room was on the second floor directly over the lounge/bar and on Thursday and Friday night  I had no idea that this hotel was haunted. I remember feeling like something was wrong with the hotel when I first arrived and asking the staff whether or not it was haunted and they said no. It's difficult to describe the feeling I had the minute I set foot in that place. I just felt out of balance and draining. I had a hard time sleeping All the negative reviews on this place are on point  it was built in 1928 but that wasn't the problem. The room was 169 a night. For this you get a tiny room with a tiny bed. I probably wouldn't have minded but the website boasted about a heated pool on the rooftop. The pool was ice cold. We asked why and they said the heater was simply off and they would turn it on. Well that would take day so so much for that!! Why would it even be off? Then the water machine was broken. They had water bottles in the room for 2.50 a bottle. You should not have to pay that but you had no other option. Taking a shower was the biggest joy. The water burns you every three minutes as it heats up to scolding levels for a  minute and then gives back to normal . This is because of how old the hotel is. Apparently there is warning but it is faded on the 2 all and you can't read it. Thanks for the clear warning!!! So when we checked out the room came to 200 a night with tax and that did not include the 20 dollars it cost to valet  your car out front.  I told the lady at the desk my complaints and that they were charging way too much for this room. She should only charge me like a $100. She was not willing to give us a discount at all and just sat there and gave me dirty looks from behind the counter and was really pretty rude. She would not give us a discount. Very rude!!! She took 20 off for valet. Don't ever stay there. Way too expensive for what you get and not worth it !!" Single worst experience I've ever had at a hotel. Everything is tiny walls are paper thin and the water runs yellow similar to the color of piss. I was up all night itching likely due to bed bugs. The best thing that could happen to this place is it be condemned or simply burn this stupid hotel to the ground. I would probably stay in the burbs if I come back to the Phoenix area again (the city is quite quiet) My mom loved the pool. She had it for herself for 2.5 hours. Yay."  and a nicely stocked complimentary breakfast. We will be staying here again when in Phoenix!"  friendly and super helpful. The rooms look newly renovated and very clean. The breakfast is yummy and the location good. That's the place to stay when you are in Phoenix." "I recently spent two days in Phoenix at the downtown Holiday Inn Express and was very satisfied. It was centrally located for what we needed; restaurants and a movie theater are nearby if you want to escape the oppressive 110 degree heat or you can take a dip in the outdoor swimming pool. The staff was very helpful and friendly and made sure are stay was a pleasant one. The room was also clean "I have stayed at this property a couple times and have never had a problem.  I won't give it a 5 star I really loved my stay here and would recommend this place to anyone!" DO NOT STAY HERE. They charged my credit card for services not rendered I had to contest the charges with my credit card company.  and again the next morning to attend Sunday services.  Would recommend this location for anyone needing to do business or pleasure near downtown Phoenix."  and it wasn't a big deal to us. It's located within walking distance to the ball park If we had to come to this area again A great place to stay if your in town for a game. Within walking distance of everything. The rooms aren't that bad either. Nice Holiday Inn! The staff was great and everything was nice and clean! I will stay here again! I have used this location of Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites before and will continue to do so when heading up the interstate to have a little fun in Phoenix." I'd stay here again in a heartbeat." "WORST NIGHTS SLEEP I HAVE EVER HAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Not only was the mattress ridiculous stiff to where I ended up laying on the bed pillows and only got a couple hours of sleep.  When I went down to the front desk at 6am to request a room change due to the mattress (and I should really say I hobbled down due to being stiff & sore) the front desk lady was unsympathetic and said that all the mattress's in the hotel are the same.  She gave me no options and asked if I wanted to check out and of course offered no refund or discount.  Even going back up to my room to pack I encountered other guests who were complaining about the stiffness in their back from the mattress.  DO NOT GO HERE!!!  The breakfast  we got a package from the hotel.  It was a pair yellow work gloves .... this is definitely not the CLOTHING items that were left in the room. As I said above Have stayed at these before and am never let down. Price is very competitive. Good location and very clean. Free WiFi and breakfast. Will continue to come back and recommend. I highly recommend it" Ask for your AAA/AARP discount BEFORE you give them your credit card. They will not ask you and they will not reimburse the same day of the transaction! The clerk asked the mgr in the back office but he was too busy reading his newspaper to acknowledge us. Poor customer service! jYsa5qLFZxhVtwDHZMW-SA  and cool. Great staff; fresh and delicious breakfast. We had a lot of fun with the family in the pool although it was 115+ degrees outside. Will definitely stay again!"  the rooms were clean and fresh. Every amenity was greatly appreciated!! I had one complaint about the phone continually being off the hook BUT as I mentioned  we were not to sure where to go for the dinner or entertainment.  Robert suggested a few locations and printed maps for us. He went above and beyond for us! Thank you for the hospitality and we'll see you next year!" Excellent hotel! It was quiet and had a good breakfast and was easily accessible to the freeway. Definitely recommend!  however will not be our primary ""go to"" hotel when our team is in town."  the walk to Chase Field was nothing. The air conditioners in the room are LOUD. The breakfast is OK - nothing special. The staff is pleasant and responsive."  free breakfast is a great start to the day with just about anything you could want and the staff is amiable though I'd say not particularly outgoing.     If you're on a startup budget  that upsets me.  And I was not alone in my complaint. My neighbor staying in room 104 shared the same complaint; she had also called to confirm hot water in the jacuzzi I wouldn't stay here again." "Horrible hotel!!! Staff is either rude or doesnt speak English and just stares. 24hour shuttle is a lie. The hotel was annoyed when I called for a shuttle from the airport and told me I would have to take the super shuttle. My room was dirty. There was dried food on the floor  if I had a car and was not limited by location  no other place in the area was open and we didn't have a car.  I liked that they compensated their guests for the Super Shuttle to the airport.  And the free breakfast.  I am all about breakfast  but for a decent hotel it was good.  Service was very good.  Room nice and comfy. TV was hard to figure out and not good wi-fi. Nice standard breakfast in the morning. Close to Trolley system  this was my experience with Quality Inn and Suites. My first and last. I truly hoped this helped in some way." The customer service was good."  and lots of construction."  was rude to guests and his staff.  The stay here felt more like being in prison with the warden constantly in your face.  People in the group that stayed were locked out of the room by management  store on site so you don't have to cross Van Buren and worry about the sketchy Circle K across the street.  I do not recommend this NOT-SUPER 8 motel." Rude managers combined with a shabby hotel in a sketchy neighborhood.  Apparently these folks haven't realized that we're in a recession and if they want to keep their business they need to cater to customers instead of being rude to them. The manager was one of the rudest employees I have EVER encountered.  I wouldn't stay here again if you paid me.  but once you consider your options are $200/night downtown hotels or $40/night fleabags down the street  you don't even have half your rooms rented out and we can't have one extra pillow?  All around if you have the ability to stay ANYWHERE else I would do so. Being in a cheap and poorly run hotel isn't worth ruining your stay in a fantastic city."  on their sides and on our 2 yr old under his diaper on his belly. We determined that they were in fact bed bug bites.  Fortunitely they did not make it back to our house. They did end up going away and have not returned since." 2nd time staying here ...manager really cool....recently remodeled not bad & affordable  we didn't need any climate control.  Maybe we could have placed heavy things on the window sill to keep the curtain against the window."  I made this booking while I was driving. I stayed here a few years ago and it seemed decent enough. This time it was not. When we got to our room my wife found dead roaches in the bathroom. Big ones too! I went to the front desk to let them know Infine il distributore di benzina proprio di fronte ha un buon prezzo per il carburante...  :-))"  but non-smokers will notice the smell even in the ""clean"" rooms.  I was irritated that the dry clean only clothes I brought and wore only for about 2 hours to a family event had to be cleaned again due to smelling like cigarettes.  I know that outside of So Cal more people smoke  I was glad to have Super 8 as a place to stay."  what really made the location was the staff. I would absolutely stay there again I like it but rather get a room at Roomster  when I really need too...http://bit.ly/1OpalAO  very nice.   And this Super8 is convenient to downtown convention center area.  Next time I'm in Phoenix and on a budget   however linens were always clean. Staff very friendly and helpful. I would stay here again."  excellent customer service.  Some of the best I've seen in awhile."  but you can make due with what you're given.  There's also complimentary breakfast every morning  the facility is probably way too old.  I would not stay here again if I ever go back to Phoenix."  and the components of the structure in general look like they were just thrown together by a few amateurs looking at a step by step model. The assembly almost seems that bad... Basically Very nice hotel to stay at if you have business at the convention center."  it's hard to imagine that it is the fifth largest city in the United States (cowtown if you ask me)  If you visit any other city Lt-dQ0kUWFm0nDgLwdEo_g  but rooms are comfortable. The hotel is located in a decent location."  so it was nice to see bicycle taxis for a nominal fee.  Room was clean and bigger than expected.  With two young kids it helped.  Air conditioner worked great  and Phoenix has good public transit if I want to get adventurous. The proximity to decent dining options  there are a lot of people and vehicles around. Those reasons are why it seemed OK for the area. I must say however in 104 degrees it is a lot more of a walk than you think. Had we known parking is cheap (under 10 bucks for some GREAT parking) we would have stayed FARTHER out at a Hilton..."  comfortable and convenient; excellent attributes for the business traveller! Breakfast included healthy choices but still provided something for the carb-a-holics :-)" "First rate customer service gets 10 stars. They went above and beyond to help us and provide the best service. I can't recommend them enough. The rooms were big and the beds were to die for - so comfy. A little short on electrical outlets for charging phone and laptop. TV fine. Continental breakfast was really a buffet with many choices depending on your culinary preferences. I didn't have any problems with wifi strength. Keys worked fine Every morning for breakfast (which was included) by 7:30 the two trash cans were over flowing. Food was average."   the customer service rep (I wont mention any names) who checked me in needed additional training on how to treat loyal customers. She was very rude and short during check in which I find uncommon for the brand."  and only upon arrival was I told that they moved me to Fairfield Inn. HORRIBLE"  was in a hurry to clean and remove the food as a few last minute guests got their last minute breakfast. I told her to slow down and let us get our breakfast but she did not stop. Extremely rude. I did tell management later about the situation and they were very apologetic. I certainly am not going to let one bad apple spoil the good that this hotel did for us." The hotel is alright. I liked the fact that they let us check in early enough to make to our training. What i didnt like was that we got a handicap room and werent handicap nor did they asked if we were ok with it.  Not to mention that before getting the handicap room we were giving a room in the 4h floor and was already occupied. come on! who does that. :/ imagine just envading some elses privacy. and it was a female because of the items u can see trough the door when we opened it. now imagine u being that girl or ur wife in there and two guys walk in. not soo good of a situation.  Also the fact that we had to carry all of our luggage to all these rooms until we finally had ours.  now there is also positives like the breakfast and the gym. also the area is not bad. so yeah 3 stars is decent rating. Oh... no water provided. You'll have to purchase water bottles in the lobby."  a different place for me."  but it is a great value for the price and deserves four stars for exceeding my expectations of a $100-ish downtown hotel."  good pool and jacuzzi.  Walking distance to the convention center and baseball stadium as well as other shops.  Front desk staff was absolutely awesome and extremely pleasant anytime we came or went."  and the staff was great. There was a slight mishap with the my billing and the general manager Sharon was great and took care of it  we had a very nice stay and give it a 4 1/2 Stars. Not perfect Staff are very helpful and breakfast is definitely above average. A 14 yr old scarfs down a lot.  The variety is great. Rooms are comfortable and clean. Great value for the money. Wonderfull Stafff and great Hotel Great location for Chase Field & Convention Center; FREE airport shuttle; decent cost; very helpful employees; room was clean and the bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept in. - Lots of parking available in the back of the hotel"  the Hyatt family of hotels and at the second highest level with Starwood Hotels. This hotel is better than the other Doubletree  with quick access to the freeways." I noticed that next year's rooms are already up for this time of year (during the month Can't deny the location close to the airport and Central Phoenix is convenient.  Rooms are well insulated and quiet and it's location less than a minute away from Highway 202 is really easy access.  I'm really indifferent to the staff here - they do their job.  They're most definitely not rude or unpleasant but some enthusiasm and maybe cracking a smile once in awhile would be nice.  I'm pretty split between this location and the Embassy Suites on East Thomas - if only for the free in-room internet and easy access to some of the best friggin Latin food in Phoenix - it would ultimately come down to which place has the better price." They will also give you a ride to nearby places in the shuttle if you ask nicely." YES the chocolate chip cookies are an added touch !" Would I stay here again.....only because of the convenience to the airport.  The bar has pretty good food.  We tried the hotel bear becasue there was nothing within walking distance worth going to." Check in and out was a breeze. I got a cookie upon check in which was very nice. The restaurant was decent and has a bunch of free computers outside of it for hotel guests to use.  There is Wi-Fi but you have to get the code from the front desk to log on.  The free shuttle to the airport is awesome and very quick." Very friendly check in staff. Clean room. Quiet. Surprising since we are so close to the airport. too. Free shuttle to the airport on the half hour was extremely convenient. Tipping at breakfast and with the shuttle (which can take or pick you up at places in less than a 2 mile radius) is appreciated just the same as you would your housekeeper." The only thing that was sorta a deal breaker was that it wasn't near downtown." qIhBNeE64skjowRs6TTwJA Will I look for comparable alternative with free Wi-Fi? Most Likely"  the breakfast was great with real scrambled eggs and excellent potatoes with salsa and the cranberry muffins moist - just a great place with a great breakfast for an amazing price!  Would stay here again What's with long lines to get breakfast! Very disappointing.  with a king bed that was large and comfy and had nice closet space to hang our clothes for the wedding. We went to the Belvedere restaurant downstairs on the first night to grab some drinks and the drinks were very overpriced but I guess that's expected for a hotel bar. We loved everything about the hotel Had a great time staying in this hotel. The breakfast is free and probably one of the best hot breakfasts around. The warm cookie at check in started my visit off right. The room was very spacious as advertised and clean. I had no problems and I stay for almost a week! I would recommend to anyone that has to visit the phoenix area! qIhBNeE64skjowRs6TTwJA  but there are quite a few room rates where this is included  and the free breakfast was one of the best I have had. The other perk to this place was the price for $100 a night its a steal especially since you are near the airport and your getting a suite. The downfall to this place is there really isn't any restaurants or bars that are within walking distance and the $10 wifi charge." Also the Chinese Cultural center is very close and is worth checking out." I recommend - my second favorite hilton hotel in the general area"  toast and a mix of coffee flavoured creamers.  Again service was attentive even though the place was busy.  Good performance all 'round."  the seminar was a good time but the venue is as bland as you can get. Not really anything unpleasant but the decor and ambiance is just blah...I tried the restaurant for lunch and got the same blah blah experience." Snaps to Tom and his crew for fixing the A/C in my room quickly and getting my room back in order. Staff here is super nice and helpful. When you have to travel for business and be away from home you want someplace quiet and clean where the staff is accommodating. Good job! this place is ok.  lots of parking and easy to find.  the room i had smelled of smoke but i was too lazy to change rooms.  could use an update inside the room but the hotel lobby seemed nice.  close to freeway.  just different. On the last day of my stay they had a wedding ceremony in the courtyard that you HAVE to pass through to get to the lobby. VERY uncomfortable.  I probably won't do this one again. Room was clean and nice  etc) and was told that I would hear back in 72 hours...it has now been 5 days and have not heard back (even after following up). I will update and change my review if I am contacted and this is taken care of." Update: My dad finally received a call last night from lost and found and is getting his ring sent back to him. This hotel definitely redeemed themselves!  but not a fan of down pillows. (No neck support) Customer service was friendly and efficient. Would recommend for a moderately priced hotel near the airport On site restaurant provided a tasty dinner served by a efficient and friendly staff."  which is a ridiculously bad idea in Phoenix's 100 degree heat. Trash in corridors as well. Hotel restaurant is poor as well" Two words. Smoke everywhere. . The rooms smell like smoke. They leave ash trays everywhere for anyone to smoke.  Everyone smokes outside their rooms. My son who has asthma could hardly play in the pool because everyone smoked right in the pool. . It was  disgusting! They now charge for their Wi-Fi and for some reason I didn't have a shower curtain. When I went to complain the woman at the front desk did not care. She said do you need one now? And I stated I'm checking out why would I would need one now I want to complain. She then gave me a look with attitude and I walked out. I'll never stay here again.  but only for a one nighter--not for a long relaxing vacation."  and has never been cleaned or reupholstered. The in room dining is mediocre at best. I'm glad I'm only here two nights. The only good thing about this place was the cookie when I checked in. It was all downhill from there. I saw the photos on Expedia and thought it looked like a nice hotel. It's not." I cannot recommend this hotel." I attended a meeting/activity here!  The food was amazing and the staff was very friendly.  decent size - hot tub looked a bit dirty for me. But there are a ton of lounge chairs and tables. The pool is open until 11pm which is nice. Received cookies upon checkin and was able to have a late checkout of 1:30pm - they stored our luggage until 3pm when we left." There are two positives. The front desk staff is helpful "Stayed here and had business meetings here May 7-12th. What a great group of people! Spot on with Customer Service from check-in  but I thought I was at a golden girls convention looking for golden men. Lots of seniors here.  Room was not what I expected.  Not the best Hilton property I stayed at.  Find another Hilton in Phoenix if you can."  old and smells of cat urine and smoke.  I had to check out the same night and switch hotels .  Needs a major remodel and cleaning job!   I do have to say the staff is so nice .  definitely not their fault.  come on  "Free Parking and Breakfast. Affordable during summer season. Spacious room and ideal location close to Papago area Free breakfast Buffett was okay. Found a lot of the food to have not much taste. But it's free so not much to complain about. But I would definitely stay here again." The hotel is conveniently located by the airport." No complaints at all about this hotel and would recommend for a stay in Phoenix." what a dump.  it's old and dirty and the room smelled so bad i rubbed essential oils on all the furniture.  the lady at the desk is like 100 years old.  I go to Phoenix 8 days out the month for business A suggestion for management: Change your pool hours if you don't want joyful kids playing at 11 o'clock at night. Also... the pool is in the middle of EVERY guests room (design flaw)"  this doubletree absolutely makes me feel great. Got a warm welcome from the front desk and help me did the early-checkin  so they had to come back the next morning after we left. They wanted me to take my shower things and go to another room rather than put my family somewhere else. The next day maintenance came out to  ""fix the issue"" or at least I thought. When I went to take a shower the water was not hot. It was warm  carpet that looked dirty.  On top of that the rooms are set up around a courtyard/pool area with doors to the outside so you hear every screaming kid in the pool until 11pm.  (There was a high school band staying at the hotel). We had to be up at 4:30 for our flight and called down to front desk at 10 to ask if they could be requested to quiet down a little.  About a half hour later we called down to ask for earplugs b/c the noise continued.  No earplugs  drinks and more. You don't get omelets made to order but I believe additional items can be ordered.  The food is good for lunch and dinner but not amazing." I have changed my original review because on further research I learned that the billing problem reported in the first review was not a problem at all. It was simply an anomaly caused by the way the hotel charged my credit card." "This was a nice hotel. The lobby was nicely decorated. The room was spacious but could use some updating. The free cookie was a plus and the staff were I stayed here the night before I flew to Washington. The room was very clean and comfy. I loved the cookies we were given at check in. My mom and I went to the front and asked what food was good in the area. The guy who drives the shuttle recommended a Sushi place near by. Then he drove us there and we called for a return ride. The staff was very nice! I also love how squishy the pillows were. The only silver lining is that when I checked out in the middle of the evening Donna reversed the evenings charges including the pizza which I had not complained about and was about to offer to pay for on check out."  but I'll give it 5 stars for people who are on the fence worried about being surprised  We had a lovely visit and you aren't going to walk into a disaster  here." qIhBNeE64skjowRs6TTwJA Only downfall is that there is nothing worth going that is walking distance." Stayed here last month with my husband and baby. The courtyard is really pretty and nicely maintained. They have a free shuttle from the airport that runs every half hour. Our room was nice with a separate bedroom and living room. All of the furniture was comfortable and there was plenty of space for the 3 of us. Overall a pleasant stay! The only complaint: the walls between the suites are super thin and I could hear my neighbors talking!" The Double Tree has exceeded my expectations and has definitely left a positive impact on me. I've signed up with them online and I am making this my hotel of choice when travel!" What more can you ask of a hotel?"  never again! this is the worst double tree i've ever stayed at i don't think i ever want to stay at an double tree again.  omg....never again never smh .... i do not recommend this place at all poor quality" So I don't mind a few maintenance problems  I add a request for a quiet room to my reservation in the comments section.  I guess I forgot to mention street noise on this reservation.  Rooms facing 44th Street get considerable street noise all night.  And But I wish I stayed at the Double Tree." **I have not spend a night at this hotel so this review should not reflect on making overnight reservations." Been coming here for a few years for Spring Training. The Managers Reception in the evening from 5-7pm has definitely been cut back compared to previous years. Now its just chips "This was completely upgraded 3 years ago & it's superior to most Hampton's.  Besides the usual free internet & free parking & free breakfast & complimentary use of the business center with printer  this place was pretty good. Close to the airport and freeway  but my breakfast was pretty good. The hotel is very clean and easy to get to (even with the insane construction around)." The jacuzzi was nice and my only complaint is there really isn't anything immediately nearby to grab a bite to eat at. There is no room service offered so unless you are satisfied with vending machine snacks  the breakfast buffet is above average and the front desk employs experienced managers instead of interns.  Parking spaces are plentiful and free.  All rooms have refrigerators and free wifi. The only downsides are the cheapo plastic curtains in the bathroom and slow elevator.  Also no decent restaurants nearby "This place is very nice.  The staff is very friendly.  Free breakfast and cookies at night We returned from 10 trip. Loaded car and started engine. Loud exhaust noise. Car catalyst vandalized (cut out) in parking lot that supposedly has security. The only security person we saw was on the day we returned and he was hanging out in the lobby. Hotel staff and bus driver said this has happened numerous times. General manager provided me with their insurance info as a way to get me out of the lobby knowing that their insurance company was not going to cover vandalism damage to our car. $2200.00 later CfzoA3TQ8YQcFTOncJFbQQ  and employs friendly and helpful people at the front desk. Their shuttle service from and to the airport was prompt." One good thing is its that it's close to the airport." "Wow...who would have guessed! In the middle of July it was 112 in Phoenix. We were  eager to explore none-the-less and the driver at the Inn was happy to drop us off and pick us up at the several nearby attractions  stains on carpet and furniture . Shocking . I travel all the time and expect more for this price . Not sure if I can even sleep here . Will not walk around barefoot certainly . There must be better options out there in this price range but I have not found them yet ! Note to Hilton ... maintain your hotels or this diamond member is finding a new hotel chain."  but clean. Pool was nice and clean. Staff was very friendly and accommodating Way to go Hampton Inn Phoenix Airport!"  and they had it here. Simple but fresh and good. I have no reason to give this place less than 5 stars." "All really good here for our needs tonight. Good internet access. Ok tv. Good iron and board and bedding. Close to our next  as there are plenty around the area within walking distance to this place." "The first thing I noticed while walking into the bathroom was the EXTREMELY dusty vent. Other than that- Very welcoming staff  and comfortable. I stayed here because weather delayed my flight. I couldn't have had a better experience during a rough travel day with my family. Thank you!"  get it together hilton or just get rid of this one all together because this one is tarnishing your name. Please save yourself the heartache and do not stay here. You'll be happier you did." Terrance at the front desk was the single best person and hotel employee I've ever encountered in all my travels. He is a true asset to your establishment.  makeup remover cloths and more should you forget some necessities. My husband lost his wedding ring in the pool and an employee named Noel went to the dollar store to buy us goggles since they drain the pool each night. I couldn't believe the efforts to help us out. Thankfully we found his ring. Thanks hampton staff for your kindness  and you really can't beat the price ($62 for two in a double nonsmoking room). I just wished the rooms had mini fridges but at least they had ice machines accessible."  I asked them why I got a room with two twin beds and they told me they couldn't give me one because they we're doing some kind of work to the vacant rooms with queen beds Horrible place!!! Stayed for Spring Training. DROVE ALL day and was greeted unhappy misarable employee..charged me for a night they said I booked in advanced. Booked a room with a fridge.they didnt have one..tweekers all over the place. Turned on light in bathroom found a roach in the sink..blood stain on my sheets..missing light lenses..drain broken etc.etc.etc.. Found a used condom on floor under the bed and the wall near the sink had some drip stains from something I won't even hazard a guess about. There is no way that room had been properly cleaned or sanitized.  We will absolutely not be back here again."  the bed was fine. My toe ended up poking through one of the cigarette burns in the comforter. No more again. I don't care about the price at this point." Worst ever... only gave it one stars because no bed bugs.. I have never been in such a bad motel 6 and I travel alot...comforter was filthy.. doors coming off hinges.. burn holes and Marks.. total dive...  we witnessed a fight between a male and female meth heads and it ended up with the females head being smashed through the window. Then she stumbled off with a toddler...she could hardly walk. The male hopped the fence and ran off. The staff is nice and friendly and the pool is great because nobody seems to swim. Every time we come This motel is terrible. The bedding was nasty my toilet didn't flush and hotel staff couldn't help fix any problems. I asked to speak to manager several times and I was given the run around. I also went online to contact the corporate office and haven't heard back from Motel 6 they clearly don't care about the conditions the people staying at this motel have to stay in  and God only knows what's growing on the tub. Filthiest hotel I've ever seen." T57Zj0fBcJ10tEDqhrFSpw This place is okay for the right price.  I stay here on a corp rate between $150 - $190 a night depending on the season/time of year.  It's got a good club lounge with solid options.  The location is a bit strange because it really is in the middle of no where and all around you are chain restaurants heading north.  But the rooms are pretty big and beds are comfy.  I do have to admit that anything over the corp rate would be stretching it. I usually stay at the Residence Inn in Scottsdale which is cheaper and closer to great entertainment and will probably go back to doing that but if you need to be by the airport  but too warm in the summer. The concierge room is well kept. One of the most sterile marriotts I've ever stayed in as well as serving some of the worst coffee." The latina who worked the front desk was realy nice. She recommended some nice restaurants and was very personable. She always greeted me with a smile and was just so nice."  but it concerns me a bit room service trays are in the hall from last night" I like both the Marriott and the Hyatt Place close to the Phoenix airport.  I would have an event at either again.  Wouldn't second guess the Marriott." "I've been to a few business meetings here and have been pretty pleased with it as a meeting spot in general. Food is decent  they told me it would take a while for somebody to get back to me in order to fix the situation and put me right into somebody's voice mail...the reality is  very comfortable business hotel but expensive.  Business hotels are a genre of their own.  I stayed here for a one-day meeting in Phoenix.  The service was impeccable - very first class for an airport hotel.  I actually got ""annoyed"" at how incredibly helpful and friendly the staff was (just kidding).  That said  this awful experience at the Phoenix Airport Marriott hotel has made us question the quality of customer service their staff provides to their clientele.  Several of my colleagues also expressed other concerns regarding their stay at this particular Marriott as well. We wrote a letter to the Marriott corporation as well as to the hotel and we have they can take this important matter into consideration and provide positive experiences for current and future Marriott guests as we would not want them to have the same experience as we did. There has not been a response from any Marriott representatives so far since we sent in the letter early March." Thank you for letter but we would rather give our business to another hotel that actually cares about their reputation and their guests!"  as usual. Room service food was very good and prompt." We don't trust or use the Marriott Shuffle Bus." Great service and friendly staff. The pool looked meh. The hot tub wasn't hot and I had a hell of a time trying to find the jet button without any success."  I consistently miss the concierge floor and need to take an elevator.  Food is good and the Red Rim Bistro staff is fantastic.  This is a good hotel if you're staying for a day or two on business and don't expect to see much of Phoenix (there's really nothing nearby except the Asian square...there are  few good restaurants there for dim sum).   Overall a good Marriott  as our office is in Scottsdale.  Very nice hotel for an airport hotel.  Good service In need of updating.  Very 1983.  professional and very courteous! They both made my late night arrival much more pleasant!!! Exceptional service all around!! Thank you!" Great place for conference. The staff was helpful in getting us to the conference room.  so pretty bad. The staff are significantly better than average - polite and knowledgable. Using the airport shuttle is both a plus and minus since they don't give you an ETA over the phone so you stand on an island in the middle of the road for what feels like an eternity in the PHX heat. Room service? It's a 2 for the food quality and a 4.5 on the service. Don't order the Boom Boom shrimp!" The day I was here it was very rainy so running to and from my car that day was very wet but it didn't take anything away from the experience ."  the staff is outstanding. Every employee we encountered had a smile and a greeting and we always felt welcome. To have such friendly attentive service was truly a treat. Close to the airport was a bonus!" Don't rely on the airport shuttle to get you to your flight on time and call your own cab if you need one.  $20 to the airport via taxi.  There are closer options."  but I expect that from hotel food (I did not eat there and opted for a better and cheaper meal at a local restaurant). I was disappointed to find that wifi was not free and there was no free water in my room for the coffee maker. I generally have free wifi at Marriott hotels. The front desk staff were helpful and polite and provided me with a late checkout (2pm) free upon request. The costly wifi and lack of bottled water in the room cost is what affected my review the most. Can't speak for the rooms and other services 3) Fitness room is lacking at best" I wouldn't stay here again." Its a Marriott. I am a fan of the brand and liked this location because its by the airport. Great people and good service. Rooms were clean and so was the hotel. Easy in and out. Give them a try. I think you will like it. I had an early flight so it was good for me. Thank you to the staff here for making our stay here so memorable!!" Great customer service! Ask for Carlos when you need to get around Phoenix he can answer all your questions & give wonderful recommendations! The check in and check out is pretty fast at least and the staff seem friendly." Bright rooms.  Clean rooms. The concierge room was being remodeled so they provided complimentary breakfast in their restaurant. Great service and courtyard."  I have spent more than 4 years of my life in Marriott hotels. I hate to write a bad review of a Marriott property. I have stayed at this hotel several times and had remembered it being better than it is. Let's start with the fact the the property is dated and in need of a refresh. But I stay at a lot of older properties and the customer service usually makes up for the oldness of the property. The TV's in the rooms are the old flat screens that were put into Marriott's way back when they first started switching to flat screens. They are definitely undersized for the rooms. Probably one of the most frustrating things is their concierge lounge. I went to the lounge to have snacks and watch Sunday night football...and they can't get the game in the lounge! Their TV in the lounge does not get NBC! Oh...and the attendant told me that the manager knows it because people were upset last Sunday night as well...but has done nothing to fix it. Hows that for caring for your customers? Not very Marriott if you ask me." 6. Free shuttle to airport every 30m. =)"  I would not recommend any company host their events here" The bed was comfortable as usual but goodness.  Do not put a client in a wet carpet room." Room Service Menu is 24/7 and pretty good. kids menu as well. Free wifi in lobby _yGo2ubkwQPXcKrdcURSNw Great Marriott. The suite for our head coach was great and the accommodations for our basketball team were on point. Everything I had sent them was done and every request I had made was met. This was post super bowl and I can only imagine how belabored the staff was by the time we checked in but they were able to give us a very relaxing stay. I would definitely recommend staying here for both groups and for a leisure stay. The only downside I would point to for individuals would be that Internet is not included with the room rate.  they had a free shuttle to the airport which was quick and easy. They had a great outside area/pool. The rooms were clean and comfortable. My room however was not ready when I tried to check-in DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!!!!!!" First time here... great stay...staff is great and extremely helpful. Ask for Carlos a Bellman/Courtesy driver...he will more then helpful in arranging services. Noelle was great at the hotel lounge....very personable and efficient. I would definitely come back!  I'm grouping it together with this review. Uninspired cuisine. Over or under cooked randomly. Surly and unhelpful servers. A boring room also (what do you expect for a chain hotel restaurant I woke up to the sound of a chainsaw outside my window at 7:00am on Sunday May 29th. I was so confused what was happening. One of the most important things in life is a good night sleep but this hotel doesn't care.. I was so upset (not a morning person) I got up to confirm the landscapers weren't from the neighboring apartment complex... and they weren't.. Overall rating:   4 stars in value compared to the rest in the industry.   5 stars for within the Residence Inn chain of hotels." "I normally dont rate hotels since I stay predominately at Marriotts for my work travel (pet friendly).  This Residence Inn stood out because of the exceptionally friendly staff.  I was meeting a friend in Phoenix and debated staying at the Marriott Camelback Resort (also pet friendly) but we just opted for the Residence Inn since we didnt plan on spending much time at the hotel.  The pet fee is only $25 and they have a designated pet relief area I wish their basket of goodies in the room had more than popcorn Fine for an overnight at the airport. Not a vacation destination. Needs a full restoration. Breakfast included.  it is very close to the airport and the 202." Needs updating badly!  The unit I stayed in had a stove top that was not level and the ice maker in the refrigerator leaked water all over the freezer.  The ice was a big deal since there are no ice machines in the property.  Wont stay here again until it gets a much needed remodeling.  they aren't responsible.  No security on property and according to Phoenix PD this happens frequently.  I'm out over $500.00."  I called for a wake-up call and did not get that. But I can forgive them  but no complaints. Actually one complaint. I couldn't get on the wifi. Nice heated pool and hot tub. Great complimentary breakfast - yes This place will do if your traveling through for 1 night but these rooms are set up for extended stays - I wouldn't want to spend any length of time in there" Waiting for airport shuttle for 40 minutes. I quit! Absolute BS - your 1.6 miles from the airport. Nice job. I'll thankfully get on the 3rd Fairfield shuttle I've seen on my wait. Slackers.....  brekafast was good and free beer and dinner on some nights. What's not to love?"  I don't believe that there is one because I never got any follow-up to my complaints and the poor service by his/her staff continued." I would recommend this place for a quite nights stay"  but the showerhead was broken and the bathroom sink smelled like something died in it.  It surprised us that these issues escaped the attention of housekeeping  and CHARGED US FOR THE ROLL AWAY. Avoid this place at all costs."  but it had all you needed.  The breakfast was actually pretty good.  They were pouring a local beer & had snacks at happy hour.  I will stay there again." Would I stay here again if ever travel back to Phoenix probably not"  protien etc. Front desk took my small complaints and made them right. Bathtub would not drain and the air in the room would not turn on weak internet. All in all very clean and quite."  but I thought it was perfect for our family's two night stay and we would definitely look for availability there first if we were to return to the area." The hotel was centrally located for what we were doing and in a safe area. Lots of parking. Staff here was pleasant to deal with." "I don't want people knowing I'm a platinum member so take me off your front board. Great recognition but not for me. Dinner/pm snacks never ready on time but free beer ..... Seriously who cares. Breakfast good and quick. Unless your desperate for points at the doubletree down the street  as well as all you can eat dinner Mon-Wed! It's mediocre   easy to get around and both 1 bedroom suite and studio suite are spacious and look awesome!  Excellent service too. Dealt with Darvin at the front desk - very sweet and handled all needs. Thank you - would definitely stay again!!!" "We found a sawed off bottom of a soda can with burn marks and white residue on it in the closet. We also found mouse feces. We didn't get attacked  this place is awful. I unfortunately saw this as two stars on kayak. It's a lot more like 0.0. If you have a choice. DONT DO IT." this was a last minute trip to Arizona and we quickly for this room for a good reasonable price. Decent place for the price. Walls were a little dirty but nothing too bad. They only thing I wish they had was a little refrigerator. The remote to the TV didn't work at first but they replaced it right away and we didn't have the problem again. Bed was comfortable and the room was big. So we were pretty happy with our stay there for the two nights we stayed. "Terrible customer service. They charged me twice by mistake and didn't get a refund for it. I called back numerous times but they kept saying they'll call me back but never did. After talking to their so-called manager who gave me attitude  and I hate to say ""It is what it is"". But it is!  I can only imagine the look of shock on some of the earlier reviewers' faces when they find out that 200 peso Rolex bought on vacation is a fake." Good place for price.  Close to airport. Clean.  Quiet.  Helpful staff.  For budget minded no frills lodging good choice.  Does have cable and wifi. Only positives was the size of the room If I could choose no stars I would. Anything I could say would only seem mean and hateful. There is nothing good about this property. Stay anywhere else but here. Avoid if possible! Room was gross and walls were paper thin. The environment was very sketchy and unsafe. We literally checked in and checked out. They wouldn't accommodate and said other hotels are worse. He would take care of it after we checked out the next day. Um...no." "Infested with bugs. Unsanitary rooms. Safety issues. This place needs to be shut down by the health department. Seriously... The worst room I have ever stepped foot into in my life. And they will not refund your money after you see the room.  Stay far far away! We left and stayed at the motel 6 nearby and that was like a 5 star resort compared to his. Hooker You being on this site and doing your research was one of the smartest things you could have done for yourself." We were here on business  no coffee maker....seriously over priced. I will say the vending machine has some ice cold beverages."   drugs and domestic violence.  Complete filth with dirt caked walls and dead bugs everywhere.  A fight broke out in the room next to us and I had to leave for fear of my safety. Hotel would not refund me my money. Do not stay here ever. Should be closed down by health department. I am contacting the better business bureau and will not stop until this place is removed from all travel booking sites." other than 22 cars coming and going until 4 in the morning that drugs were being sold next door to my room. I counted them as they parked next to my vehicle where I was trying to sleep. This was just a bad experience I was forced to give it 1 star or you can not post."  it took the other member 30 minutes to come out and she was yelling and had attitude. The staff said there was a guy in the room when they where packing and said they thought he was checked in the room and he may have token our stuff. I can't believe the way they run there business. Before packing up our belongings we should have got a call asking if we where staying. We called the police waited an hour but they never showed. This hotel is not safe!!!!! The hotel staff looks like tweakers  do not book here!! Pay an extra $10-15 to stay somewhere safe and comfortable  and just left the keys on the bed and went somewhere else. Bed bugs for sure."  and the bathroom was an afterthought. Seriously no soap in the bathroom just a face towel?!?!? What am I suppose to do with that? OK that aside it's 10:30 pm we're chilling looking for food options and hear something going on outside....we open the window and see a full-on  beat down with the management trying to break it up. I'm talking 3 cars pull up I advise EVERYONE to stay away from this hotel. If I could have given it less than one star FbvuZyo2VRAq0XL3UOy_Zw The next time I am in need to rent a vehicle....I AM COMING TO THIS ENTERPRISE!!" I will always work with this company and always rent from this location while working in Phoenix - its rare to find a hassle-free anything these days and this team is the best ever!" I gave them two stars only due to the girl behind the counter had tried her best.  It wasn't her fault.  The decisions were made above her." courtesy and professionalism in what they do.  I am so glad I chose this location. It is very refreshing to have the Staff remember  their customers name after 2 or 3  reserved rentals. It blew me away when I was greeted by name suffix and last name One tip: I believe the hours listed on Yelp indicate that they open at 7:30 AM.  However And there is not enough stars on this..i would give this place an 110 percent and more than 10 stars!" I have used Enterprise in other locations many times before and the agents were always VERY helpful. This time at this location the two agents who helped were both VERY busy but also not as friendly and the check in agent was a little surly and arrogant. The car was great and rate was fine but service was lacking.  but here in Phoenix it's easy. The Enterprise folks pick us up at the Sky Train station and get us to their office in very little time and no extra cost. They do the same when we return the car. We fly to PHX a few times a year to visit the family and have not had any trouble with Enterprise." I always rent from here. Great service. All my vehicle needs are always met at a great price.  the service professional never wavered from the effort to get us into a car.  We thought a few minutes in the parking lot on the one option (a truck) and another option with better mileage rolled in out of their car wash.  He promptly agreed to rent us this luxury vehicle without added costs. It is refreshing that Enterprise provides the young employees the broad authority to meet the customers needs. Thank you!"  the service is well worth it when you are traveling for business or pleasure - pop for the best Terrible service. They are so unorganized took them forever to pick me up when they said it would be 30 minutes they took an hour in a half. Do not rent with them.  the employee who was assisting me then took it upon himself to begin apologizing for the behavior of the other employees.  Too much!  Then they always ask customers when they leave if they are completely satisfied and if there's anything they could do be better.  I'll say. . .!!!" Most of the staff now know me and that's a good thing.I have always been treated with respect and quick rental check-in and check-out."  but it smelled like someone had smoked in it.  I was upgraded because it was the only other vehicle available.  Nice.  Thanks." The Chevy Malibu was hard to drive. Very difficult to see out while in reverse."  friendly service;  I've never had a issue with the staff or any of the vehicles I've rented.  Enterprise has a good loyalty program and being a Discover card member  the personal attention you as an individual receive far out-weighs the size of its interior. I will keep this location as my favorite! To all Past and Present  employees whom I've had a chance to interact with at this location. Thank You!" f1H9fcDsYl_U-nI8E4y5CA  said just to bring it back and they would swap it straight out. We should have gone on that day but due to other plans we couldn't get there until the weekend. What a mistake. When we arrived we were told there was not another car of the same level that we had paid for and we had to take some very small vehicle. We explained that we didn't want such a small car as we have children who will be riding with us and we needed something bigger. I understand that sometimes these things happen and we would have been happy to work through solutions. However Great and friendly staff. beware of this rental company. I upgraded to a sport car which was dirty and obvious signs of a heavy smoker from previous renter. They obviously don't clean inside or out of car. My overcharges were astronomical and the man on the phone was so rude I was in tears.This was the worst experience I have ever had with any type of rental company. I WILL NEVER RENT HERE AGAIN!" Not gonna be staying here again.  Sorry Clarion.  You've lost me on this one." GF95bWp-19I5YbNtr9VluQ  or you may very well end up with some type of infectious disease." "Hilton generally has a good reputation.  And this place was consistant.  Price was good  one bedroom. It had everything you could want.  We didn't eat or drink in the hotel but the restaurant and bar looked nice. One odd thing was that there was an indoor pool (very nice btw) but a little disappointing because we were looking forward to getting some sun... which we did at a nearby hotel... Check out The Clarendon. Very cool. All in all Our 2 day stay was nice and we really liked our room. For $79/night thanks to groupon WO6bMumFr4oZJwh_ZNXACA Parking is a little hairy Would come back here since it's close to work and good value for a Hilton." Next time my husband has to come to town again I don't think I'd mind coming along again." Three stars for all the awful smells. Otherwise this place is fine." Nice service.  Front desk personnel very friendly and helpful.  On the light rail line  I could easily consider buying one of the rooms and retiring there."  hands down is the best bar tenders in Phoenix! Great happy hour prices and free pupu's on friday's!" urBWfXQjyyWIO5B7FvnOpg  they are really anal about minor things. & gotta love the window that actually opens on the 20th floor - can I say... suicide waiting to happen for someone? Room service was okay Over all this hotel is a very nice one to stay at and I would definitely stay here again if I am ever in Phoenix again."  would definitely stay here again!" The staff was incredibly nice and helpful here. They helped my dad print out his boarding pass and provide a free drop off and pick up shuttle service to downtown. The rooms were nice too. I would definitely stay here again.  and it's really not that exciting...all the good stuff is in Scottsdale."  and preferred parking is available.  The rooms are nice and updated (especially compared to some other US Hilton properties).  With free breakfast and free drinks every night  and there is a nice gym across the driveway in another building. Would totally stay here again. I'm giving it 5 stars - it's not a Ritz Carlton - The hotel lobby takes on the smells of whatever is cooking in the kitchen which can be good or bad depending in what's cooking!  for me "I got customer of the day.....so that certainly helps drive 4 stars.  I am uber picky about hotels because I worked in a 5 star hotel for close to 4 years.  Staff is very friendly.  They offer a free shuttle service (which was very prompt) "I like this place for business travel.  Within walking distance to lots of cute restaurants.  Good breakfast Nice rooms and great service. Parking is a little far and the indoor pool is cold.  circular shape with TV's (usually a game on) bar-tenders seemed to remember guests after one visit. Us biz travelers appreciate that. Small outside patio next to the bar. All in all I would definitely come back." Bottom line: I'd stay here again and I'm sad I didn't get more time to explore the hotel." I would definitely stay here again and truly appreciated the service and staff. Thanks Hilton!" That being said we did have a lovely experience with their buffet staff going out of their way to help us. The manager there as well as one of their servers not only bent over backwards to get us food and drink (even right at the end of the buffet) Friendly & sweet service! Spacious rooms! An indoor is a plus in heat of desert metropolis! "My husband and I stayed here a while back but I forgot to review them til now. We were in town for a concert and found a great deal on this hotel. The staff got us checked in quickly and even informed us about their shuttle service. The hotel seemed a bit dated but was extremely clean. The location was convenient to downtown and was close to the lightrail. Overall  A few downsides: The restaurant food is mediocre at best I have stayed here many times over the past 8 years while on business trips. It is convenient to my home office location. Service has always been good and the rooms comfortable. It is a good business hotel property. Food has been average to good. It is an indoor atrium type of hotel where all room doors face inward towards the atrium and is 11 floors high. The wifi connection was crap. Unstable and slow  biz stay (my role there) etc."  I noticed a few spots that look like housekeeping never cleans them i.e. the shower head and faucets were turning a little green and/or rusty." So disappointed.  My husband and I decided to have a little stay-cation because I am 8 months pregnant with twins.  Upon a riving to the hotel we were under the impression we would be greeted by vallet. Surely one of the great hilton hotels would have someone to park cars on a busy Saturday afternoon.  NO there was no one outside. Secondly the front desk gal was very friendly.  Good greeting she educated me on the package my husband had bought as I checked us in while he was parking the car. After I checkled in  I looked for someone to help me with our bags. Again no one there to help. So With a luggage cart in hand I found the elivator....ok so now you are telling me there is not even someone to help me get this thing to the 8th floor . When I got to the room they key card  that i was given didn't even unlock the door. So that meant toting the same bulky luggage cart back to the elevator back down stairs though the lobby. While 8 months pregnant mind u. I had it. I called my husband he came up to the room and went down stairs to get a new card. I checked out the room nothing extraordinary.  But I was jus ready to relax except I found old french fries in the couch and a dead fly on the bed....we will not be returning to the hilton.  For 200$. This has been a craptastic experience.  I really wish I had jus booked a room at the Sheraton or the local holiday inn.  I really like this hotel and would definitely stay there again." Absolutely loves staying here.  Rooms are super clean and comfortable.  Excellent staff and very friendly.  Breakfast in the morning was great!  Easy accessibility to light rail system making getting downtown a breeze. Would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again.  my preferences were already on their database. Oh well. My room was spacious and no complaint there. By biggest issue is the internet speed. It is sloooooow. I could barely able to download news on my iPad." I will recommend to my company who flies staff in on a weekly basis that we never use this place again." Very loud hotel. Don't plan on sleep. Hotel front desk isn't doing anything about the screaming tween boys despite numerous calls.  These tween boys were screaming and slamming stuff all night long. Clearly their parents were clearly staying in a different side of the hotel... shame on their parents and the hotel for allowing this to endlessly go on. The hotel didn't even apologixe during the calls. "Currently staying on the 11th floor. Great hotel. Rooms are clean and suites are large. Don't hear any noise from other neighboring rooms or atrium. Washer and dryer are in same area as ice machine and don't cost anything to use. Breakfast has been consistently good "The rooms are okay- dark and could use some sprucing up. The beds are comfy. The wifi is SUPER slow at night. The food is nothing special (stick with the citrus salmon  but the best part was that when I got back to San Diego I noticed that I left my phone charger in the room. I called and they hooked me up to Housekeeping. They verified that my charger was there Our room was worn and needed to be renouvated.  It's not nice to see a blank space on the  bathroom door where the towel hanger is supposed to be."   if another person like me avoids paying even half price urBWfXQjyyWIO5B7FvnOpg They have a indoor pool and big bar." Excellent Hilton!  We came to Arizona for a getaway and some hiking and this Hilton is in a perfect location for that.  It is clean and the rooms are big and luxurious.  The staff was very friendly and helpful. I definitely recommend this hotel!!! Good restaurant in the hotel with great service"  along with a jet-spa bath tub). All the rooms have a desk so it's great for studying. They also have wi-fi and a business center for computer use  however it was only $12 to self park. Also we used the hotels free shuttle to get us to an event but the shuttle stopped running at 10:30pm and our event started at 10:30pm so we ended up taking the light rail back which is just a very short walk from the hotel. I do believe breakfast was included however since we didn't get back to our room until after 3am we overslept and didn't make it for breakfast. Front desk receptionist was great and accommodating to a late check out for us. Overall it was a great hotel and we would stay there again! The reason it gets only 4 stars is because of the extra parking fee and the shuttle not running after 10:30. Seems like if they know they have many guests attending an event (which they were aware of) that doesn't end until 2am they should run the shuttle until about an hour after the end of the event."  it is absolutely critical that I have a consistent high-speed internet connection. The WiFi at Hilton was exactly the opposite. It was slow  and half the food we received after waiting way too long was cold....not even warm!  The pool also never had towels.  We had to stay an additional night to which I was told I would get the group rate for the group we were with.  Nope didn't happen Ugh where to begin? Food is all boxed. Nothing is fresh. Everything taste like it was ordered from Sysco. Outdated decor everywhere. Raunchy wait staff. I would give this place a negative -10 rating. S "Didn't eat here but the room was great. Friendly staff. Smooth check in and process. The only thing that drove me crazy is the Internet kept going in and out like every few seconds! But i loved that the room had a microwave Was expecting a Hilton quality hotel and this was not quite there. It was advertised as near the airport but it was not. It had no shuttle to the airport and the area was not that great. I could smell them cooking bacon in the morning. Maybe someone that eats meat would appreciate this but to me...YUK! The room was big but decor sparse; nothing on the walls in the living room. Loved the spaciousness and layout.  Desk with back to the entry door. Had a makeup mirror which I love." This is the ONLY reason I do not give this hotel five stars. The staff couldn't have been more helpful  needs more oomph for that but definitely a great location for business or lay over." Comfortable rooms. Attractive lobby. Friendly personnel. Great happy hour specials in bar.  but the people were great. I'll still probably stay a Marriott user when I return "We used to always stay here on our baseball trips when we would play Grand Canyon University.  The rooms are really roomy and have a pull out couch that easily accomodated four people.  There was also a big screen TV on a swivel.  The bathroom was a little small  and would never recommend this place to anyone."  before it is shadowed by the hotel--the layout could certainly be better in that way." Only paid like $65 per night on Priceline so it was an okay deal.  Wouldn't intend to go back." "I am always pleased with this hotel. Hospitable staff Staff was a plus.  I've almost never had a bad experience w/ Hilton staff.  The downside to this stay were thin walls  and the parking is in a paid lot a block away that you have to present coupons to leave. Decor is shappy and very out-dated. Huge empty lobbys and hallways wasting space. The restaurant is only open after 5  it's literally a 1 minute walk from the hotel entrance and is free. The hotel is NOT in a scary neighborhood by any stretch. The dowtown train thing IS about a block away. It'll take you down to the sports arenas in minutes. I was on the ""west"" side which was all of a 30 second walk from the front. If you're not completely lazy "Hotel has an odd set up with multiple wings.  Lobby and rooms are dated and need a refresh.  Parking is not adjacent to the hotel Staff are very nice and polite. I would stay there again if the price was right." Every last staff member here from the front desk to the cleaning crew uniformly goes beyond expectations and helps round off any rough edges you may have during your stay."  I've ordered a taxi to the airport on my check-out day: they did order one but managed not to tell me that it's actually here for 20 minutes!!!! And so on. Never again - NOT recommended. Ah I did contact corporate.  They had someone from the hotel call.  They comped our room.  So disapointed that this was not addressed at check in. If I had not contacted corp nothing would have been done." It is in a quiet area of town and lots of neat things around to do.. just 3 miles from Camel Back Drive and tons to do on that road.. The surrounding beauty makes this property even nicer if you find flaws which every hotel will have." "Terrible terrible customer service! I travel a lot for work and never have stayed at a hotel where there were so many employees that are only interested in talking with each other. For example Motel 6 service at a Hilton price. Just stay somewhere else & save yourself the frustration." "Got here late and computers were down. Spent about 45 minutes getting checked in and we were all quite tired. Room was extremely nice Horrible experience.  Had to wait an hour in the lobby for my reserved room. Called for room service and they don't do it on the weekends.  Kids screaming on the pool area for hours. Can hear everything in the room next door... under impressed.  Will never stay here again .  rooms were clean. Not the best hotel in Phoenix but for the price this place is a good stay." I would absolutely not recommend staying at this hotel." They need to address these to get a better rating."  aside from the pillows but not a big deal.  Finally we were running late to hit the town and noticed they had a courtesy vehicle so we asked about it and the man behind the counter (sorry I didn't get a name) quickly got up to take us a little further downtown.  So accommodating!  Any employee we passed by was quick to greet us and it just made us feel welcome.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again I won't be staying here any day soon."  the breakfast is good. The staff was friendly.  The beds though. Terrible.  They have a knob on the side "The AC was not working in room. No one to fix at night. The thermostat had to be 25 years old. The network was not discoverable. Called tech support. Said it was a property issue. Property could not fix. A banging noise all night. Terrible layout. Old The lobby and staff were great.  The pool area seemed very nice.  The restaurant staff were awesome. The room was clean and laid out nicely.  Why three stars....the bed was very uncomfortable. The neighborhood was sketchy at best.  If you business dealings take you within walking distance then alright.  as the hotel sits back from Central.  The front door opens to Clarendon.  Don't trust Google maps "I stay in a lot of hotels on a regular basis. I normally stick to one hotel chain and this trip I stayed at this hotel which is not my normal chain as my company booked the room.  I have had weird stories over the years but this place tops the cake. I was scheduled to stay 2 nights. I came back to my room after my first night and after a long days work to find someone else's luggage and stuff in my room. There are several issues with this. 1.  How in the heck did someone get a key to my room?  2. Why would someone unpack and leave their stuff in my room when they clearly saw someone else's stuff?  I called front desk and they sent housekeeping to my room. I responded and said I need a manager. By that point I packed up my stuff to get out. Upon getting to the front desk they apologized and did not understand how it happened. Not my fault!  So would not recommend this place to stay in the future as you might end up with an unannounced roommate. (They did comp my room - I really liked their chicken noodle soup on the first day.  I ordered the same soup the 2nd day and it had much more herbs but still delicious.  On the 3rd day They do email updates on repairs which is helpful; daily if you choose so you can stay apprised on the status of your car as much as you'd like. For me this is a nice feature so you can see the progress and not feel like you are just lost in wait."  I get my car back and it's cleaner than I ever remember it and runs smartly. Color me happy I found them to be very unprofessional.  I will not use them ever again. I will have to call Statefarm and let them know how much of a joke this company is!" "My 2010 Prius was nearly totalled when I rear ended someone last October.  My insurance company recommended I take my car to Camelback Toyota Collision Center.  The service I received and the repairs to my car couldn't have been better.  I was regularly updated as to the repair status and the repairs were completed ahead of schedule!  Could not be happier; Thanks  and I finally had to have my insurance agent step in to force them to do the job right.  Very unprofessional Very rude and very unpleasant & very unprofessional!  Kriscia & Martha both the worst treatment and service I have ever experienced. Those two women shouldn't even have a job! After an accident you would expect someone to call you back to start service specially after faxing estimates over 3 times and waiting for a phone call back. I would never recommend this Collision Center to anyone. The crazy thing about it is all I ever was was super pleasant and super nice. then I'm transferred to a manager manager because I'm yelling didn't even raise my voice once! Not sure what planet they are on but both should not have a job. Expensive but they did a great job fixing the back end of my brand new SUV.  Perfect repair job.  Teresa in the front desk very helpful answer all my questions and concerns." The service is impeccable and the rooms were nice but nothing really stood out for me other than the furniture was overstated for what this property really is or maybe the location...not sure but something seems out of place." This is much more of a business hotel. Its close to shopping and movies." The Ritz Carlton is known for excellence but everything just fell short at this Phoenix location.  Perhaps http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OG3PnQ3tgzY"  but the room was well kept and fairly spacious with all the amenities that you would expect.  Wireless and wired internet is an extra charge.  I heard the Miami Heat was staying at the hotel the same night and so does most of the visiting NBA teams.  It's located in pretty nice part of Phoenix that happens to be across the street from a fairly high end mall and just minutes away from Downtown or Scottsdale.  I know where I'm staying at the next time I come for business." This place probably is one of the nicer hotels to stay at in Phoenix  however so I am not sure that it is the best spot for vacationers. The mall is right across the street  I have been around the freshest of the freshest seafood and am very picky when it comes to good sushi.  Having the freshest seafood is what makes great sushi and the Ritz Carlton's Bistro 24 has it.  I have tried other so called sushi places around Phoenix with terrible results.  However  he even has his own tea line.  We are immediately greeted and seated by him.  He explains the daily offerings and provides insight on how the teas are brewed.   He has a way of making you feel welcome.  Unfortunately Grandma is with us so I did not choose the ""mar-tea-ni"".  A waiter brings our tea over and all kinds of yummy treats.  They are not the traditional sandwiches but modern takes on afternoon tea type food.  Music starts playing  it was a pleasant experience - I just can't bring myself to give 5 stars like I would at any of the other Ritz-Carltons I've been to... but stay tuned for my review of the Ritz-Carlton  cinnamon sticks and flavored syrup. Coolest coffee bar I've ever seen.  The food here offered healthy options - always salad at meals and turkey bacon for breakfast (they actually had no sausage or pork bacon). And they had tobasco sauce at breakfast - I didn't have to ask for it - yay.  Food is generally what you get at an american restaurant  RITZy bar) has the best happy hr?!  Talk about VIP red carpet treament!  Want to impress someone?!  Drive up to circular entrance drive-way  it was also pretty cool to see LL Cool J and the Portland Trail Blazers staying there that same weekend." "OK so from the outside and its location it looks like it should be an Embassy Suites or Marriot.  But once you are inside you are transformed/transported? to a place of wonderful service and relaxation.  I can not comment on the price fairly as we were guests of TNT for the All-star game and didn't have to pay for the hotel room.  The room was nice and all the common spaces were attractive and well kept.  The room service we enjoyed was tasty and delivered quickly though pricey "I travel thru-out the country and stay at many hotels but I was not impressed with the Ritz-Carlton Phoenix. The staff is welcoming and pleasant but the hotel itself is not up to the standards of what a Ritz-Carlton should be. The rooms are outdated and the gym / pool area are small. To be honest Total - $231.80 (room was 208 for the Schwab rate - including $18 breakfast)" "The service here is impeccable.  Staff bend over backwards to make sure that even the smallest details are perfect and that you are completely content 24/7.  The pub/restaurant inside is great - my favorite burger in Phoenix (although Rooms start at $299 a night and are a bargain at that price.  The restaurant Food was excellent.  Staff most gracious at every turn  so I scarfed down a delicious burger and fries (complete with those cute little bottles of ketsup and mustard) then crashed.  My stay was short-lived  a story from Jeffery and a song.  These teas also occur in December.  The cost is $35 a person and each child gets a nice bear to take home.  You may also add champagne to the tea which is nice with the Arizona heat and yet even more relaxing.  I would give this tea a five star rating except the desserts are not amazing like the tea salties and the scones.  A true treat with a bit of a price tag but lasts a couple of hours." Plus 1/2 star for the wonderful Bulgari toiletries!"  I thought the Ritz is largely capitalizing on its name and short-changing its guests where ever it could. With all of the other luxury options in the city  the tea extraordinare was amazing to us the entire time and we left with one of the best experiences.  So if you are looking for a place to spend a couple hours and want to try something new  you might as well pay the extra 15 dollars for unlimited sparking wine.  Geoffrey the tea sommelier will refill it as much as he refills the tea.  My favorite tea by far was his blend of coconut jasmine.  Absolutely heavenly.  I was worried that it wouldn't be enough food  for a Ritz.  The pool & related nonservices are inexcusable HLQUH1VAw4KbSV-IhxOPEw  but not as upscale as I thought it would be (compared to the other Ritz).  They do have a recovery service plan in process.  One of the microphones was going in and out "I second that the  Afternoon Tea  was amazing. Went with friends and had a blast "I stayed here for a brief business trip recently. OMG. I didn't realize it was Xmas until I came here. The decor is amazing (wish I took a photo) and the hotel itself was nice and cozy. More importantly "Stayed here for a three night get away. We were on club level which made the hotel. I wouldn't stay unless it was on club level. They offered different food presentations in the morning This location is convenient for business purposes in the area. $29 overnight parking is tough "Friendly service and nice rooms. It's also pretty convenient that they have a contract with a car service which basically costs about as a cab - but you don't have to waste time trying to track a cab down. Rooms are nice and clean and at the end of the day  not a desk chair.  It was too low and did not adjust.  I had to sit on a pillow while I worked at the desk. You'd think the name ""desk"" would alert hotel interior designers to the need for a ""desk"" chair." Turn it into a Marriott and call it a day until you open a resort." I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The rooms were clean and comfortable with a view of the mountains. The staff was exceedingly friendly. I especially appreciate how one woman at the front desk helped me plan my daily 5 mile run in an unfamiliar city. I also think the hotel did an excellent job accommodating my business meeting. HLQUH1VAw4KbSV-IhxOPEw Great hotel and in the perfect location in the Esplanade and across the street from the Biltmore Fashion Park. The staff at this hotel are so incredibly friendly and always anticipating guest needs before being asked. The hotel is beautiful with marble floors and incredible chandeliers.  It has a very home-y feel and I just enjoy being here. Lobby is very nice.  Service was nice but weird I wanted to book under either my AAA or government rate but the front desk said I had to call the main ritz number to do that.  I literally went to my car and did that.  All the people at the hotel were very nice but don't know why it is like that.  Bar and common areas are nice. Other guests are old uptight douches.  Drinks overpriced.  Rooms are not nice.  Old...just didn't feel like a ritz.  Just came from nice rooms in Vegas so maybe jaded but really they should refurbish. Would I come back? Maybe. See my later review for Hotel Highland and you'll see that I would prefer the Ritz to that place any day." It's a nice location too with plenty of good dining options within walking distance.  Should I have a trip to Phoenix in my future this Ritz will be high on the list for a place to stay."  very attentive and helpful. I love that they have multiple times for housekeeping service  The hotel was beautiful and the staff was amazing.I've never slept in a more comfortable bed. I just wasn't a fan of the pool HLQUH1VAw4KbSV-IhxOPEw **** Note: they do several events throughout the year to go with high tea  valet your car because parking is really hard to do there." "Just came here today for a corporate event. What a neat experience! This was my first time and what a phenomenal place for my first High Tea experience. The tea sommelier was very experienced and our ""server"" (not sure that's what they are called during High Tea) was charming! Great for Mother's Day or momma-type event. What a treat!"  people. Probably the most rude thing that I have ever experienced from a hotel W down to La Quinta: I went to the front desk to ask for a razor and shaving cream. The woman at the desk very helpfully and condescendingly directed me to the tiny gift shop closet where she said they sell it. So Beautiful hotel but not my favorite place. Have never stayed here but I have come here numerous times for tea. Always good but not outstanding. I would check around to some of the other resorts and compare before picking the ritz  all the way down to the marble baseboards...but what's most impressive is the service.  You really can't put a price on this level of service.  We feel amazing because of how they treated us during our stay and I do believe I'll be recommending the Ritz-Carlton for the rest of my life!"  and arranging transportation. We checked out early this morning and the wait for a taxi was 10 minutes. Instead of having us wait they arranged a ride with their courtesy car gratis. Everything you would expect with the Ritz Carlton Brand. Will definitely be back."  the inside is fancy and service is outstanding but not a big wow factor. If coming to Arizona I'd highly recommend one of the JW Marriott Properties Dear Ritz Carlton...for the love of humanity please stop charging for Wifi.  Raise your room rate a little if you need to "The service at the Hotel is EXCELLENT!  I am always so impressed with the Easter buffet. It was outstanding with all the attention to detail.   It is a family event and great food  it was great! My mother and I went there for Mother's Day high tea. The winter blend tea was hands down the best tea I have ever had! The food was so so. The tea expert was there. He was very pleasant but didn't seem too interested in us because his friends were present." Front desk took care of this - but no word from mgmt or even acknowledgement that this happened." Chilled out at the bar and felt like a real grown up here!  Bekki the bartender was AWESOME!!!  including daily newspapers such as the WSJ and USA Today. On Saturday there's live entertainment with a pianist and singer who were excellent. One other thing. The hotel charges $10 per day for wifi which I'm sure no one pays for. No smart person anyway. The benefit doesn't outweigh the cost when you can go to the business center or common areas and get internet access for free. I will definitely return the next time I visit Phoenix. I got an UNBELIEVABLE rate which only 1% of the country can get." I've been staying here for 15 years and the finishers are tired. Time to do a full rooms renovation.  does not mean you have class. I doubt I'll come back here because I like to have conversations and not remain silent if I'm not under arrest Mr. Rent-A-Cop!" HLQUH1VAw4KbSV-IhxOPEw  even a Hampton Inn provides desktop outlets.  The internet is not free either -really?!?  (Welcome to 2000;s)  Disappointing for sure."  and amenities that show their age look out of place.  I feel like I'm being only a little unfair.  Still We had a ROACH on our wall crawling. We called to have some one spray it took the maintenance 15 mins to get there. We go and spam to the manager he took another 30 mins to come talk to us then told us well I don't know what to tell you the damage is already done. It's dead we can't kill it. Then proceeds to insinuate that maybe we brought it with us or maybe a hitch hiker brought it in. Maybe it was just that we were youbg and blavk he fekt he coukd be so disrespectful. I'm so disgusted with how the  Ritz handled the problem MILAN KOPRIVICA has to be THE WORST manager ever.  but very good service overall."  or the Phoenician. They are very close and certainly care more about their guests and reputation than this glorified Motel 6."  it was nice. But the night before I stayed at the Renaissance  and the towels were rough and looked old. I was extremely surprised by this. It didn't make for a bad stay  can they do anything wrong?"  story time and sing a long for the kids.  The lobby was decorated beautifully for Christmas. Each of our daughters got to also take home a teddy bear of their choosing. We couldn't get enough of the holiday tea blend they were serving and of course the pastries were scrumptious Amazing place.. Came from California for a dental seminar and everything here is first class.. The moment you step out of your car your welcomed by more then one person. The staff was warm and friendly and are very attentive.. The beds are heavenly and the rooms are great..the gym great!!I would recommend this place for anyone. Quite simply - the Ritz Carlton Phoenix is a fine hotel but it does not meet my expectations of the Ritz Carlton brand.  It is merely....meh.  The rooms and decor are old and mismatched.  The pool does not include  a hot tub.  The restaurants are boring.  The staff was helpful overall but there were definitely a few customer service duds.  I would only stay here again I I had business meetings close by.  I would not consider staying here for pleasure because it just wasn't a special enough location.  and the grounds were disgusting (as in there was a half smoked cigar that some douche left out... on the ground... which looked like it had been lit rotting for a week). Topping it off  offered us mimosas or coffee.....nothing.  I finally caught the eye of who I assume was a manager and his greet was to feel free and go up to the buffet.  I then asked if we could order drinks first.  We got our drinks from him and went up to the buffet which was small but adequate.  You could eat your money in caviar and seafood if that's your thing......and I loved that!!!  Poached eggs were stone cold I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again." The only reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is because there was zero for the kids to do. Since it's a business Ritz Need to improve their restaurant reservation process.  as it has a business setting however she went out of her way to make us feel at home. We will return. Thank you." P.S. I heard they are closing this hotel in July. Just an FYI if you are planning to book a room here."  the staff is wonderful and helpful. The work out room is small but gets the job done. The bartenders in the lounge are great and pour a good drink. Location is good with restaurant and shops within walking distance." Stayed here for one night last month and it was a great stay. I think this is the oldest Ritz and is actually being remodeled so will no longer be the Ritz at that point.  All the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. My one complaint is that I could not keep the shower from flooding. The curvature if the shower made it almost impossible.  Otherwise had a nice sleep and woke up fully refreshed!  and there is the Half Moon Bar and Grill across from the property!----OK  I didn't have any problems with the cleanliness of my room or the water temperature in the shower. It was generally less than 15 minutes to get to my class downtown and the hotel is located to lots of restaurants and shopping areas. If I came back to Phoenix I wouldn't necessarily choose to stay at this particular hotel again but I also wouldn't avoid it."  large suites that contain everything for a long or short stay. Pretty good breakfast. Happy hour Monday to Thursday should be daily. I'd stay here again for sure." Is it a top Hilton property?...well no. That said  its affordable and as an extended stay format its a nice place to stay.  Are there newer options available but if you need a good affordable Hilton Honors qualifying hotel on the Camelback Rd corridor this is as good as the next."  dirty walls....it's not that pleasant of a place to stay. This location is in dire need of a renovation."  maybe an off season price? This location was close to where I planned to be in Phoenix. I appreciated the spacious room size and layout. I felt like I had my own apartment for the weekend. The bed was very comfortable. They had a decent variety of breakfast options Good location.  I liked the quiet room.  The bed was comfortable but the frame was little shaky.  Good breakfast and good housekeeping.  and conveniently located near several great restaurants and a Whole Foods." Wifi was kinda weak but worked.  Near a medical center so lots of people there for other reasons than fun.  I always try to stay here when in Phoenix.  Close to great hiking piestewa peak.  Sorry sort and to point but gotta run." Breakfast was great with all the usual eggs and sausages; and they even have a light evening dinner Mon-Thursday ( but we did not try it). I like the cold juice/water in the lobby during the day/night especially since I visited during summertime.  Location is great too near the biltmore district. Across the street is a Trader Joe an Whole Foods grocery store so it is very convenient to grab a few groceries. My only gripe is the wifi signal was a bit weak. The area was very quiet at night too. I would stay again" AnqXhbdkHHimMBR3UMS1Jw "Starting off I would like to say that I would stay here next time i am in town. Just a few things I would like to warn others about. First great location for central to all we wanted to do and family we wanted to visit. However the pool was my biggest disappointment. I was looking forward to spending time there since I am from colorado and wanted az sun! No go since it is in the middle of the buildings and only got sun at high noon till 2 or so. (Came early  in October) never saw this in reviews maybe cuz time of year but sad anyway. Room totally awesome! All the space we could want and need. Very comfortable and clean with great maid service. However the kitchen utensils and dishes leave a lot to be desired in a home away from home. Dishes small and outdated with few choices for real cooking. Needs more choices for knives and no scissors to cut packages open.  Bring your own tinfoil Nothing really stood out particularly for me except for the so-so breakfast." "I travel quite extensively for 2-6 weeks at a time. With over 1 million points in my Honors account you can tell I am a dedicated Hilton customer. This is the dumpiest Homewood I have ever been in. I just checked in today (7/5/2015) for 2 weeks. First off the hall carpets are dirty. The room was average but smelled musty. The workout room is tiny (12x14) and only has 1 treadmill and 1 elliptical and NO weights! I have been here for 4 hours and I am looking for another hotel to move to. Oh and what IDIOT schedules a swimming pool renovation in July The location is very central to all the spots in Phoenix. Only 15 minutes to old town Scottsdale or ASU. It's been a great stay overall :). The cleaning lady for my room is the sweetest!"  a wonderful stay during a stressful time. Thank you everyone!"  and the food was sub par to say the least. If it's possible to half-ass (for lack of better terms) a complementary breakfast to its fullest potential then the Homewood Suits by Hilton is the place where it happens. Overall it was not worth the price--find somewhere that is or if this suits your needs In comparison to a couple of the other hotels we stayed at in this specific area  open bar in the early evening and right next to a fairly up scale mall.  I would look for a nicer spot in Scottsdale  high quality restaurants...you are in an Embassy Suite after all."  etc... The hotel also had an Omaha Steakhouse ajoined which delivered to your room. They had free drinks from 5 - 7 pm. The customer service was great. For $125 we couldn't have asked for anything better." You usually can't go wrong staying at an Embassy Suites hotel.  The rooms are huge and the breakfast is yummy.  You can sometimes get free happy hour drinks too! A great location is the best thing going for this hotel.  The staff was super nice  very pleasant stay.  Forgot one big hiccup--If you're a gym person like me..it was quite awkward..b/c basically you're in this square floating plexiglass gym where everyone can see you from EVERY angle..and it's hours are only til 10pm... :(" I stayed here during the summer really enjoyed it. Got the cheapest room and it was HUGE! Centrally located which was nice right next to the mall! I would definitly stay here again! I would definitely come back and stay here if I find myself in the Phoenix area again."  good A/C.  Probably one of the best Embassy Suites I've visited.  And way cheaper than the Biltmore Overall it was a wonderful experience The martinis are great."  make sure to visit Tarbells Restaurant too. Absolutely exquisite!" The Harney & Sons Earl Grey tea in the room was an added bonus." Oh! and there is also the manager's reception between 5 and 7 pm  but it's kinda hard to find your way to the room.  There was a shortage of trash receptacles in the room I'm afraid to say that this might have been the last time I stay at an Embassy Suites Hotel because as I recall I would stay here again though....can't pass up on a good FREE breakfast."  my husband called to request for more hand-towels (we wanted to use them for the fitness center not knowing that they are already provided inside).  I should've asked for the woman's name but when she delivered the towels she was extremely rude.  She didn't smile or say hi  after my 3rd trip to Arizona this year I'm writing this review from a different perspective.  I'm not staying at this hotel but my out of state relatives are.    I was happy to find out they booked this location because it is convenient to so many places.  I met them after they checked in and we had 2 free cocktails each while we comfortably caught up on our lives.  We walked next door to the Biltmore mall on a beautiful night and selected Zin Burgers as our casual food choice for the night.  I felt the hotel and location hosted them well.  BTW I've stayed in the rooms and I like their space.  the blase attitude of the staff is very disappointing." Had reserved room online and had one of the package deals w/ $25 gas card.  Received a $25 Shell card at front desk and used with no issues.  Would definitely stay at this Embassy again." However our room got a lil warm at night so no 5 stars. Overall excellent stay." I always enjoy staying at the Embassy Suites and had a great vacation. Plus the location is great As for others' comments that there isn't anything nearby - That's what cars are for.  Last I heard you can rent them here and there."  only to be greeted by a line that stretched almost to the entrance.  After 20 minutes in line we found out they were cooking individual breakfasts (the reason for the hold up).  When we switched to the ""buffet"" (A table of 4 chaffing dishes) they were out of trays  so I choose a couple of other dates. After a couple of phone calls I was finally told that all Spring training dates were blackout. My problem with all of this is that it took many phone messages and emails to finally have someone tell me this. The Director of Sales and Marketing contact person who was on my gift certificate NEVER returned an email or phone call and when asked if there were any other options none were offered. I would also like to add that I have a 2 night stay certificate and was looking to stay 2 additional nights at full price. Bottom line really bad bad customer service."  free breakfast and evening cocktails and snacks were nice. Unfortunately the non smoking room smelled gross  and indoor pond were a hit with kids.  Nice location with ample dining options nearby."  we can feel at home and stock our fridge with fun snacks and champagne or we can decide to order in room service from Omaha. Otherwise it's a very nice home away from home  beautiful entry ways.  Manager's party every night and awesome breakfasts every morning!  I don't know how this place is not more popular."  fridge and bathroom fan is noisy.  Carpets in rooms and common area are dirty as well.  Gym is small and outdated.  Hotel needs a refresh to get to Hilton and the areas standards." Nice Staff but that's about all. Would never stay here again  I have not been disappointed. This gets 4 stars when compared to comparable hotels. Rooms are big enough and serve their purpose. They roll any ""resort fees"" into your room rate Check in staff was great the view from out side was ok. Then the room electrical switches that are barely sticking out some you can see wires on. Paint was peeling all over and the shower was falling apart the caulking was all coming off. These rooms are not what I expect for this price. Even the tv which was a older flat screen did not have HD and half the channels failed to work. Breakfast was not great and  they failed to clean up tables so no where to sit and eat. Pool area had several areas trapped off as well as the parking lot had a lot of it closed. Over all very disappointed in this property I would not recommend it. When I checked out I was told your good to go as she ate her breakfast and then walked away not once was I asked how my stay was. Melinda at the front desk was wonderful! Great staff!  You will not go wrong staying at this Embassy Suites at the Biltmore! "First let me say i love Embassy Suites and hilton Hotels but my gripe is about the Hilton Honors Program. I booked several stays through Orbitz so i can book my flight and Hotel together and on those stays Hilton accpets my Honors number but when i review my account to see how many points i had i noticed on those 2 stays there were ZERO points. Come to find out that booking through another site Hilton won't honor those stays. This is crazy as most people don't ever reall book direct to a hotel when traveling on buisness. I had been a Marriott Rewards member for over 10 years and will be switching back because of this As a Hilton Gold member I would have thought I would have had a better experience but instead I ended up with a noisy room right over the air conditioner fans. The toilet wouldn't flush without opening the water closet and pulling the lever. The stopper in the sink wouldn't stay closed and the shower head was off to the left needing me to lean over to get under the water. There are water stains on the ceiling and a moldy spot right over the bed. Breakfast was not worth the time or money (free). I checked out the next morning and won't be back.  I left my sunglasses behind (they were a special gift from my younger sister) and I called on the same day to see if they had them. They said that they would call back with an update. But they never did. Just a note do not leave anything behind because you will not get it back or even a simple phone call."  the alarm is blaring again!  I'm deliriously tired and in the process of the pulling on a pair of jeans to exit when housekeeping opens the door.  Really?  The alarm is going off  so that's convenient.  Other than that  accused us both of lying and apart from offering to do our laundry (with a number of caveats attached) did nothing. Miserable customer service from a battered  and koi swiming around lazily. This place is very inviting as they have a reception every evening with free cocktails made to order and areas to sit and mingle with other guests. We already had dinner plans so we didn't try the steakhouse but everything is there that you need for a nice night out. The rooms were nice but a little overkill. All suites which are nice for an extended stay but ours also came with a conference room and huge table and chairs. No big deal  you will not be disappointed.  Oh yes and you can walk across the street to the Biltmore Mall and the Movie Theatre." I just expected more from one of the higher end Hilton brands. What I've noticed is that this hotel seems to attract a lot of really white trash customers because the rooms are rather affordable and you can cram tons of people into the big rooms. The Biltmore name makes it sound like it's going to be much more luxurious than it is. They also charge $10 a night for parking when you can park about three feet away at Macy's for free"  second room was just ""ok"" until that night we heard a loud ""gurgling"" sound when all the plumbing backed up with filthy black ""goop"" all over the sinks and tub. UGH!!!!  Really?? A/C does not work if you want it cooler  the mosquito population is out of control!! I do not see evidence that we have bed bugs but I could be missing something. I just can't wait for hubby to get up so we can go home."  and because it is an Embassy they serve free cooked to order breakfast in the morning and have a ""happy hour"" in the evenings.  It is also close to great hiking at Phoenix Mountains Preserve." I had two relatives who live in the valley and both said the same thing regarding this hotel after they stayed here in the last 16 months.  Wish they had said something to me earlier.  Hey Hilton  this place is just awful." Very nice I like that there's separate sitting room and three sinks. Mini fridge and microwave too. OVERALL: NOT SO GOOD.  Clearly not to Embassy Suites' standards (or mine).  NOT RECOMMENDED."  helpful and knowledgable about the area. Embassy Suites in Tempe was  two thumbs down but this location made up for it!!! Thank you Joe you totally rock with a great attitude and wonderful customer service. Oh the pool area is gorgeous and there's even a hot tub for when the sun goes down." "Here again. Probably 4th or 6th stay now. Always enjoyable. Bar always seems to be understaffed on weekends. However  if I explain to you that I saw not 1 or two but multiple bed bugs in your suite by all means please do not argue with me and tell me otherwise when you weren't the individual staying in the room who was bit. Show better service to your customers and find a solution quicker than debating with what your customer is explaining to you."  I had the expectation of the Embassy Suites standard and experiencing something other than that was very disappointing.  Even though I didn't enjoy my stay The hotel is an older property but still has all the Embassy charm. The atrium is perfect for sipping on their manager's reception cocktails. The pool deck needs repair but the hot tub area is private and relaxing. Have booked a room. And when I have arrived there was no room for me. Was sent 8 miles away. Never rely on this hotel. Replacement hotel was not good either. Do not trust this property. I have never stayed at in Embassy Suites before some relatives are in from out of state and are staying here. I am very impressed by the size of the rooms and how pretty the lobby area is. I would definitely consider staying at Embassy Suites in the future and also referring out of state guess to this particular Hotel.  but they also had the buffet self-serve area too (which some Embassy suites don't do). The beds were comfortable. Rooms were not as clean as others we've stayed at and the bathrooms were incredible small and hard to use (especially if you have children). The room we were in had a sliding door and deck area that you could actually walk out on which was very nice. Location is perfectly situated within walking distance of several restaurants and shops. Very convenient!" Breakfast attendants can be grumpy." Definitely would not recommend. Next year we will be staying elsewhere if the conference is held here again." Oh but the greatest thing was that they provided me with a super unsafe floor heater so that I could burn down the room. Shamful place with horrible customer service and absolutely dingy and disgusting rooms." "I give this Embassy 3 solid stars which I think is where it belongs and I think this is good.  Big room "Not my favorite brand of hotels by Hilton but this location was really fun. Great rooms The free happy hour is pretty chill and the bar area is clean and staff is very friendly. I love staying at this place!"  the gentleman said I had no additional charges/incidentals. Then after I had returned home to Albuquerque the hotel charged my credit card $82. On the bright side As is expected the staff is great and how can you say anything bad about a free happy hour?!? This visit had an unexpected surprise. I received a text asking how everything was and Sarah actually corresponded with me. (Big extra star). Only issue is staff has no name tags or tells us their names. But they are all very  nice and personable. Can't wait for free breakfast. Always worth it as well.  We will be back!  because it's definitely ruining the hard work that Hilton has done to build their brands. Until it does I would not recommend this place to any frequent Hilton user."  I did spend some time outside the bar and was waited on by restaurant staff and will note the staff was very attentive and brought drinks and check promptly. I will stay here again when in the area."  overall there were too many misses for me to really recommend this ES and certainly not a feeling of hospitality.  Only once was I greeted by the front desk staff.  Simply indifference I suppose.  The other ES in Scottsdale is better than this place  and fruit. The negatives are: the level of cleanliness leaves something to be desired - the shower had some green body wash goo on the soap holder and the towels and linens have some stains  probably even if you don't think so at first! Can't recommend it highly enough - I would go again  I'd definitely recommend Stellar Adventures if you're looking for a little half-day trip or want to treat some out-of-town guests. It's a little pricey though  and really customized our ride for us based on all our driving skills. I would do this again in a heartbeat. Totally worth it. Thanks Chad. (and JJ)"  this is a great way to try them out. We will definitely be bringing out of town guests on this tour in the future  having three teenage boys in tow.  My youngest son has autism and rode with Chad on his ATV.  Chad was caring and patient with him and my son was thrilled!!! Highly recommend." pLIEBQRP9hDG9T2OWDX04w This was definitely the highlight of our vacation!!!" "I wanted to write a whole long elaborate review on how awesome our ATV experience was but it would be way too long and I'm lazy. I HIGHLY recommend this company. The guys are great The desert tour was beautiful.  We had covered the same ground the previous year on a Tomcar  tour and that was actually more fun than the Hummer.      Our guide was a proficient driver but not as personable as I would expect for a tour guide and from my perspective Awesome place! Great views & the tour guide Dustin was very patient with one of the riders in our group that wasn't very experienced. Defiantly recommend this place I highly recommend booking your adventure with Stellar Adventures!"  while my husband and I were able to have fun at our pace. The route offers both challenges for more experienced riders and a safe place for beginners. We would definitely recommend this company and guides." Took the family today for some ATV fun. Asked for a guide and we got Brett. He was a straight shooter who told it like it was. He was really patient with some of our younger kids who were old enough to ride but hadn't ridden before. Don't know if that was the best option for beginners as some of the trails are a little tough but we made it through with one minor spill that could've been a lot worse. Highly recommend it as it was one of the best things we've ever done on vacation.  we had such a blast I'd highly recommend this tour if in town and looking for something fun to do. Fun for all ages. Good spot for camping too.  Be careful out there though.  There are people camping in the area "This sure was a stellar adventure!!! Brett was awesome...he was super informative and really made us feel comfortable before we went on the trail. This was my first time on an ATV so he had me ride behind him- by the time we were done  so it may be just what the doctor ordered if all you're looking to do is chat up your company in peace and have a couple drinks."  I'd give it another chance to improve itself to ""4 star"" status."  I think the food here is good and the price very reasonable.  Consider there meeting room if you're looking to host 30-50 people as it is accomodating and the service has always been good." I would highly recommend starting your day here if you are a fan of breakfast." I just wanted to get out of there." "I'm staying at the squaw peak resort and had a free breakfast voucher for this place. I waited for 15 minutes. No waiter. Finally flagged one down and ordered an omelette. Nothing fancy. 20 minutes later no omelette. Finally flagged the waitress down an said I had to leave. She said she would put it in a box for me and went to the kitchen. Three minutes later  only 2 tables had customers( first clue). We wanted the breakfast buffet for $15 per person. Big dissapointment. They where already taking down the buffet items & it was only 11am (2nd clue). Went to the omlet bar and the cook looked grouchy and pissed to have to open back up. The sign said your choice of cheese but seems like the cook picks what type of cheese you want on your omlet. Even worse was the cold bacon  the Northern location includes amenities such as free social hour and free hot breakfast with eggs "We all stayed at the Best Western Inn and Suites during our recent Cactus League Spring Training vacation.  The rooms were spacious and clean.  The beds were very comfy  and the staff is helpful and friendly.  There was an unexpected problem (through no fault of mine or the hotel and their staff) that was handled exceptionally well.  It is easy to be great when everything goes well...not as easy when they is a problem..Best Western InnSuites Phoenix really saved the day!  I would stay here again and again!"  it's not too bad. I would probably stay here again for the mere fact that the location is conducing to our activities. But  quite atmosphere. Say was perfect. Breakfast HOT Delicious & food for thought. Nothing was burnt or over cooked. Also we had dishes in our room. We didn't have to eat out . FANTASTIC!"  and the front desk staff was pleasant.  I would recommend this hotel to those who have business in Phoenix." "One word. Disgusting.  The room was dirty from top to bottom  from the filthy carpet to the cigarette smell that would not go away and to top it off on our second day they cut the water to the room with no explanation as to why.  Thankfully we had done what we set out to do in Phoenix and decided to check out after the water was cut.  If you like dirty motels that try to pass themselves off as a ""hotel/ innsuite"" this is the place for you." This is a great place with a great weekly rate. The staff is awesome and they have free drinks and snacks at night. They also have an excellent breakfast in the morning. The neighborhood is good and I would highly recommend this place.  I had a flat tire one morning and the janitor drove me to get fix a flat and stood by while I filled it. Overall this branch of Best Western delivers a good option for lodging.  Recommended." So we had to switch rooms 2 times before we had the room that we were supposed to have as shown online. Then!! We were told the room we were in was not pet friendly for our little dog so a third time.  I thought most of the time the pet-friendly hotels mean that all rooms are pet friendly? It was just such a hassle to keep moving and the heat did not make it any more pleasant. "I have been here many times for spring break with my family. It's a great hotel  so I commend the property owners for empowering their staff to make it right for the clients/customers.  Overall a below average property but great customer service here.  Would not stay at again Overall I'd recommended this place if you are traveling with a budget but still wanna a little spoil during your stay."  we stay here because of the beds (as is the criteria I base most my hotel reservations on: if we like the beds we stay there.) The Cloud 9 bed is Ahhhhh-mazing and never disappoints. (They actually have the info in the room as to where you can buy one and the bedding set. Good location  and a decent pool. We arrived with a young child  however and they need a little open space which is something these rooms don't afford. Overall....pretty good  but might have been better in a different room. Wished we would have paid more and gone elsewhere  and I was told it is a well known scam... No computer problem.  The clerk apolgized for forgetting to tell me about it when I checked in.  During the course of my trips to the front desk I watched her check in 3 people.  She didn't tell any of them.  So if you want to rent a dirty room and be robbed I recently booked this hotel by the pictures.   It is in a very seedy part of town.  When I arrived at the hotel there were two police cars in the parking lot arresting some transits. I am not sure of the business they were conducting or what they were arrested for.  As for the hotel it was very dumpy and dirty. Not kept up at all.  The pictures do not tell the full story.  Lumpy pillows with questionable bedding. Bad Coffee and terrible breakfast. Powered eggs?  The non smoking room smelled like a smoking room.  I would avoid this place at all costs.  Stay somewhere else just not here. Its a little old and at a tough intersection to get through but the location is central and they offer a free breakfast"  you must not know your way around Phoenix because this is a very desirable area. Are you sure you weren't at a different Best Western on the west side? This hotel is on a mountain preserve and surrounded by expensive condos and gated communities. Not to mention its a 2 minutes drive from the Pointe Hilton Resort on Squaw Peak.  To the other reviews about cleanliness and service  Happy Hour and BBQ (First Wed of each month) are great perks. In room coffee is excellent. For those who gave this hotel anything less that 3 stars I'll also assume you're easily disappointed no matter what the situation. Some people are just never pleased by anything.  I feel sorry for them.  Staff at BW thanks for making my extended stay there a great experience."  but that does not compensate for our medical bills." "We were in need of a hotel to stay at for one night due to the almost nervous breakdown I had after finding a scorpion in my house. We were looking for something affordable and decent. I'm giving this location 5 stars for what it is Stayed with family of four for 6 days. Had to go run down to the front desk for towels all the time. Even after complaining for 3 times hotel staff would not put 4 towels in the bathroom. This is the first hotel I have seen in many years which is so ignorant about customer's needs.  I found a dead insect ( I guess it was an ant ) in my egg. I don't recommend it ."  I thought we could get the bed up on the elevator...except they don't have one. My brother and I had to carry the bed upstairs. 3 of our guys had to go without pillows as well since they were out. The floors were sticky and the AC didn't really work.  We found a little friend too...a spider in the bed. The person at the front desk did their best to help us out Hopefully this Kim Chambers woman loses her job soon and they can hire a manager who will actually manage this property." Nice hotel rooms were big with all the normal amenities. The clean remote was a plus encouraged by the fact the remote might have been cleaned in between users. The complimentary breakfast is decent good enough to start your day. "Needed 2 beds to sleep 4 people. Received a room with one bed and a chair. No cot or extra blankets available. This is extremely disappointing. We have a 10 hour drive (with a toddler!) ahead of us tomorrow  there's a cheerleader convention. They gave away our room. The room we we're put in  is tiny. No trash liners. Toilet got clogged. No working phone in room. No extra blankets. No extra cots "My family and I had a very negative experience experience at this hotel. After speaking to the corporate office I received a full refund. Thank you for listening. . I'm planning another trip in the summer and planning to stay at only Best Western hotels. Overall the quality Comfortable king bed. Fairly clean room. Average breakfast (happy hour is offered too but we were never around for it). Free wifi and parking was available. Noisy jacuzzi was on all night even though pool area closed at 10 PM.  Non-smoking rooms but smokers were allowed to hang out by the rooms which seeped in through our AC unit. Not in walking distance of anything useful.  as it always cut out and did not reach into the room. The worst of it all was we found cockroaches and other bugs (no idea what kind) in our room. It was the last night we were staying there and it was already 2 am so I let it go for the night. I sent them an email the next day telling them everything about the room and got no answer. I tried emailing again  but have grown accustom to having the security of my door being inside a somewhat controlled corridor. To make matters worse my door was across from a stairway and a loud ice machine. The Wi-Fi was spotty at best and the accommodations reminded me of a trucker motel. Fortunately the room AC went all the way down to sub-zero. I was in a double bed room so I stole all the pillows from the other bed and made a cocoon of comfort for my nights rest. I slept like a baby." UPDATE: I never received a response from my multiple emails. I'm extremely disappointed I truly enjoyed my tour!  I will definitely do it again - especially if family comes in from out of town." There are so many competitors and the economy is not great right now.  Companies cannot afford to have the worst customer service.  I did call  Detours.  They were quite helpful." If I'm lucky enough to make it to Phoenix again I would use them again!  It was very relaxing to let someone else do the driving." PARTING THOUGHT: Why take a chance with your vacation and book with an unreliable tour company when there are so many excellent options in the area?" Place is small and in a shopping center so might be a little hard to find. The service is great and they are quick. There are plenty of brochures on things to do and see if you are from out of town.  but reservation to start one day later. This latest reservation was made with a different agency. I will not be returning to the 3rd St/Bell Road agency any time soon. The entire interaction with the agent was extremely unpleasant." "Great business and AWESOME customer service...I initially reserved a compact car and realized I need a larger one for our trip and went right back inside and the upgrade was made without any hesitation.  I also scored a discount on the upgrade!  Couldn't be happier with this location Rented from here for years but under new management and it's awful. Unfriendly and no flexibility. Worse they charged our credit card for the gas fee when we brought the rental back full- that's fraud. So be very careful and remember just because they give you a receipt still check your credit card statement. This location is my go-to for car rentals. I rent cars from here on a semi-regular basis and James is always extremely friendly and accommodating. Wouldn't rent from anywhere else! "This place is is awesome! Straight foreword pricing and and professional staff. James is my new go to guy. Always ask for him! Just like with any rental car company Besides that...I can't complain. We've used this location at least 3 times this summer with no problems." I called Avis to reserve a car and was asking questions about requirements and form of payments. I was told to pay with my card had to do soft credit check  if I pass I can pay on debit card and I said can we do it over phone . James told me no in person . I said aww man then he hung up on me . That was very rude and unprofessional . He did not even finish the process of reserving car . I will not recommend anyone here . I always get the best customer services. I rent vehicles all the time and I will never go anywhere else. James is amazing and always helps me with all of my car rental needs .  always ready to get me in and out quick.  Every car I have rented have been very clean I usually travel alone never have had a problem with a car. Thank you for your great service!!!!" "My car was stolen. I needed a rental for about three weeks. The rep I dealt with for the entire period was James Mack. He's got a gas/car care person but he's the only counter rep. I dealt with him thru two contract extensions. He was personable This place is great. I have a lot of clients that stay here and the service is exceptional. The hotel is located on beautiful Stone Creek Golf Course and has a nice pool. It was just remodeled and looks great. It is in close proximity to shopping and dining options. A nice place to get away and relax with out the Scottsdale resort prices. Other then the rooms the overall stay was o.k. Restaurant service was very kind and friendly. They have a nice serve to order breakfast bar. Manager's reception at night with snacks and drinks. The view from our suite was beautiful over looking the pool and golf course. They need to work on the cleanliness of their rooms  beautiful rooms.  Lovely walking paths near a creek and ponds.  Staff genuinely cared."  lovely wedding. Small hidden Gem right in Phx behind the PV mall. I have lived here for over 30 years and had no idea such a nice place was located around there. The hotel is right on a pretty golf course. The grounds are delightful. The rooms are large and clean. I hear the honeymoon suite is gorgeous! The pics looked beautiful. The food was very good for a catered event. Great job ES!" Onsite Golf course..... i dont play golf so.... i cant review it... i can only say that its there haha"  and was denied and told my request was not taken b/c they ""had to shuffle people around"" whatever that means."  still huge rooms for a fair price.  Love the walking trails.  Going back again!" Wow!  I enjoyed staying here!  Huge rooms!  We had three adults and two children and everyone had plenty of room!  Highly recommended! "Returned and was told the manager and head chef had changed.  The staff is not nearly as friendly.  The food is less consistent.  Service is spottier.  Carpets are less clean and show signs of wear.  Still a good hotel There are some pics I added on my profile if they are of any help" as expected form embassy suits." sOa-OpRFi1OVU7CC6Hwoig  food and staff have always been great and still are. The sofa bed looked like it should be sticking out of a dumpster and the carpets and furnishings are worn. It is adjacent to a golf course in the riverbed so you can walk east for miles. Many restaurants and shops are within walking distance. The economy has been tough on everything so maybe this is par for the price. Wi-Fi free in the lobby but not in the room." When I complained to the hotel staff I was told that there was nothing they could do and that the General Manager had been aware of this problem for some time.  It is my opinion that the hotel cares more about their relationship with the golf course than with their hotel guests.  If you MUST stay here then insist on a room on the opposite side of the hotel from the golf course."  pretty close to the freeway and stores including Paradise Valley mall right there.  The grounds where very nice and clean.  When I inquired about the rooms and setup my family all loved the amenities A special thanks to Martha for making us feel at home during our 2-night stay." But overall a very good experience. We stayed with a large group of about 150 people for a conference over Labor Day weekend  they were always available for the strangest requests! The food was amazing-- I felt incredibly spoiled at breakfast! The rooms are huge I would definitely recommend this hotel because of its customer service My husband and I just left after staying here for 2 nights. This was by far an amazing experience! The staff gave the best service day and night! We didn't leave the hotel the whole time as we felt like we were at a resort! A big thanks to Aaron and Amelia at the front desk! They truly made our checking in easy and were very friendly and knowledgable! We will definitely be back! :) "Great hotel centrally located in Phoenix! We are having a Golf Charity at this Hotel and Stonecreek Golf Club that is literally next door! The sunset is amazing from the  Golf Course and Clubhouse! Of course the locals know about the Free Happy Hour 5:30-7:30pm and appetizers! Great customer service so impressed with Shakira the Director of Sales! (Ask for Shakira if you need anything!) Great customer service! We have a Special Hotel rate under $100 the weekend of our Golf Tournament! Trust me during Super Bowl and Waste Management the rooms will be a lot higher! Great location to everything! Comfortable place to hang out! The outside patio is amazing!  Great prices you get ""bang for your buck!""" The rooms are small especially the bedroom.  The view from our room is fantastic.  The pool area is not large but there is a large area outside with misters with plenty of shade. Happy hour snacks were light but the bar tender was spot on. Love the made-to-order breakfast food and evening free manager's special free food and drink.  Very easy access right by Paradise Valley Mall to SR-51 & Loop-101.  Short distance from Sky Harbor International Airport.  Good hotel with great value.  Definitely an experience.  the fantastic breakfast spread; what's not to love? Everything was great. One star off for not being able to open my deck sliders because of cigarette smoke." Nice hotel friendly staff. Large clean rooms. Good A/C. Breakfast is good but a little slow. Everything on the property was clean. Our room had a beautiful view of the parking lot. The other side of the building has an awesome view of the golf course and hill.  it burned my kid's eyes right away and my daughter's hair turned bright green within a minute of being in it."  that tis simply not ok. Ever."  would definitely stay here! For the price  bed was comfortable and staff was friendly. Used third night stay free package which was an excellent value. I would recommend this place to my friends and family." Great place to stay. Staff is always friendly and treat you like family. Centrally located which makes it very convenient to get anywhere in the Valley.   I just wish we could have stayed another night to enjoy the pool but will definitely come again soon." Not a resort but it sure offered resort style treatment. Free happy hour with finger foods rooms are clean and nice. The pool is great and the free full on breakfast tops it off. Super nice sOa-OpRFi1OVU7CC6Hwoig  pastries and other yummy things. Complimentary Happy Hour for two hours every evening with free beer and wine and appetizers. The staff was just amazing such stellar hospitality!!! I booked this room for my parents when they visited and spent time there every day!!! Great hotel!"  beautiful pool. Very comfortable bed and a great selection at the restaurant for breakfast and dinner." Never again. Customer service is nonexistent. We were awoken before 6 am by the golf course loudspeaker. We complained and were finally moved further away from the loudspeaker. No assistance with luggage at all. Finally found a cart to take our luggage to our room. I asked for a couple of waters at the front desk as I was checking out. They were sitting in plain sight behind the counter. The clerk went to the back room and came back to say we couldn't have water because we were checking out. We were not offered water when checking in. Whoever is managing the training needs to be replaced. Even though the rooms are okay the service is so bad we won't be back.  super cool happy hour (free drinks and snacks for guests) great views out back and a really nice pool and jacuzzi! the rooms are spacious and it's nice to have two sinks and a refrigerator. I've stayed here 3 times and never once regretted it. super nice staff that is happy to assist in anyway possible." The evening happy hour in the lobby is equally well done.  Complimentary drinks and light snacks are available for around two hours each evening.  I found the choices pretty comprehensive including frozen drinks and mixed cocktails of all descriptions." Great location by the PV Mall. The breakfast is always nice to have in house when you get up. The back of the hotel butts up to a golf course which makes for a beautiful sunset. $15 DOLLAR A DAY INTERNET!   Hey its free like everywhere. Obsolete.  This property is a little long in the tooth.  Won't be coming back.  and the staff was rude when we asked for it to get cleaned ... we also specified a room with a view (2 months before we were to arrive ) welp we have a great view of the roof and parking lot ... I know this sounds snobby but Im just happy we arnt paying the $200+ a night" Very basic hotel priced too high for what it is. Everything is tattered and dirty. My room had the last occupant's used dental floss on the floor and the bathroom ceiling was peeling badly. Would never have stayed except that it was for a business trip holding its meetings here.  backing to golf course. Very quiet - no noise from traffic. Clean. Room was plenty big for 6 of us. Complimentary breakfast and happy hour were awesome! And the best part was the staff- super friendly. Everyone was so nice and ready to help. I recommend this hotel to anyone heading this way. Can't wait to come back again!"  and didn't complain too much about the noise. I would stay again when in town and they are centrally located by almost everything you might need when your visiting from out of town The hotel is centrally located. There's a mall around he corner. There is also plenty of fast food places and restaurants. I would definitely stay here again if in town."  who is next to tee off.  My room was on the ground floor close the the golf course tee area.  There is a small patio off the room.  The suite has a kitchenette Bottom line - if I was in the Phoenix area again  plus wait staff makes you feel at home... Just a Great environment "We spent several nights here in June 2016. We were consistently impressed by the friendly and responsive staff -- from the front desk to the restaurant. The facility itself is clean and relatively up to date. Our double queen was large "I love this place. It is the only place I stay when I am in Phoenix. It is close to the mall and the golf course is right next door. The pool is clean. The rims are clean. They have a balcony with a table and chairs. The beds are heavenly  delivered in an informative and entertaining way. Topics range from what makes a desert happen Q1sa26u2D6nokOgW28qN6g  please continue to allow these jeep tours - they are wonderful and very sensitive to maintaining the environment." I went to this location on a marketing endeavor and was really blown away by the grandeur and refinement of the HQ.  Very clean and the people were super nice and very happy to greet me.  They had replicated a hotel and it seemed very much somewhere I would like to stay.  Great representation of the brand. The worst customer service that I have ever had in my life.  It is really sad when a company off-shores their customer service.  There are so many more options out there other than choice hotels and I think I will be using someone else for my travels and I will be passing this along to my business associates who travel on a regular basis.  I was disappointed that it required over six hours to finally discuss a Reward Program issue with a Customer Service representative at this Headquarters location.  Shortly after the Customer Service Rep answered the phone  but no. once I found they wouldn't let me change from a king to two queens less than 12 hours after making the reservation I highly recommend Southwest Tours & would definitely consider using them again the next time we go out there for a visit."  look no further!  Vaughan's Southwest Custom Tours is extremely reliable with knowledgeable guides Tim was the highlight of the trip.  He provided the visiting Australian family with tips on visiting Sedona and showed us some great things along the way.  He had a supply of water he kept encouraging us to drink. My daughter left our camera in the car and he graciously returned it that very night.  Thanks Tim and SouthWest for providing us with a great experience."  picked us up right on time and the van had individual seats and was very clean and comfortable with plenty of leg-room.  Howard was very knowledgeable about everything we passed during our trip.  His commentary made the ride go by very quickly.  We stopped and had a wonderful lunch on the Navajo Reservation and had time to browse in the very large gift shop.  Free water was provided on the van and we made enough bathroom stops to keep us happy.  On the way to the Grand Canyon Howard even took a detour for us to drive over a beautiful waterfall where people were fishing.  We made 5 different viewing stops on the south rim of the Grand Canyon including ones that were not stopped at by the large tour buses which gave us ample oppurtunity to take photos.  Our final stop at the Grand Canyon was at Yavapai Point where we visited a beautiful hotel and the Hopi House Gift Store which I highly recommend both if you want to buy a gift and also just to view the beautiful building both inside and out.  A quick dinner stop on the way back to our hotel completed our day.  I highly recommend this tour company as we believe they provided excellent service for our money." Areas for improvement:  A 15% Yelp check-in offer was posted on the website We all agreed it was a great trip and Princely was the perfect guide."  but it was nice not to drive and we had a fun time."  and a lot of random physics and environmental science. We even stopped to stargaze on the way home - awesome! I'd highly recommend it if you have only a day to visit the Canyon!"  it doesn't mean that everyone would be the same. It really hurts when something is said in a wrong way when representing a country. Preference is given to a guided tour mainly with the reason that the guide would know better than a new visitor. In such a case "Just went on one day tour of Grand Canyon with guide Howard. The three of us were picked up at Scottsdale hotel right on time. It was a stormy day but Howard changed schedule during day to take advantage of breaks and openings in passing clouds. We were rained on only once during the day  was extremely friendly and full of knowledge!  You can tell that he is passionate about his state!  I would definitely recommend Vaughn's Southwest Tours to anyone traveling to Arizona!" b8Bkm7-a1FNRjZGB-szEzg  mountains and farmlands... Princely knew the ins and outs and avoided traffic with his shortcuts...  We stopped in Sedona and had the opportunity to take in a couple of different vistas while there. Princely was great at making sure we had family photos -- always offering to snap shots at each stop we made. I felt like we were the only people at the Canyon upon arrival. We came in through the ""back door"" as it were -- avoiding huge crowds that enter through the main entrance. It was wonderful. Driving along the rim we saw elk feeding and Princely ""banged a u-ie"" and went back to the spot so we could take pictures. It was great! We made several stops at the Canyon to take in the beauty and views and snap lots of photos. I highly recommend Southwest Tours... We could have never done so much on our own -- it was nice to kick back b8Bkm7-a1FNRjZGB-szEzg  knowledgeable and personable. He went out of his way to make the day pleasant and enjoyable. I highly recommend these tours." 