WxEe7i-BZUcaGzO1E1vNhg Couldn't recommend them more whole-heartedly."  it's certainly not something you want to dismiss due to competition. We were looking for quality over quantity and thought Brandenburg could provide something more. Truly a disappointing experience."  work with you to make sure you understand your equipment and do the repairs and / or improvements as promised.  If there is an issue following a visit  and design so that I might make informed purchases. They brought sample surfaces and pavers to my home and escorted me to completed projects and stone yards to assist me in selecting the appropriate pool surface and decking. The contract was well elucidated and fair; I felt confident from the onset of the remodel that my project was in good hands. The work schedule went exactly as communicated and without delay "My regular pool guy was swamped after several monsoons (pun intended) and he recommended Brandenburg. My pool was going green fast after 5 days no pump. Janet got me on the list and Robert came out two days later. I couldn't be present but felt safe because Robert arrived within the scheduled time frame "Excellent experience with Brandenberg Pools. Designed and installed new spa with significant hardscape work throughout the backyard. Dave and his team were great to work with. They coordinated with our landscape contractor to create a well conceived We would recommend them unequivocally. They are a class act and real professionals. I only wish that there were others in other trades who were as good."  but also contributed ideas we hadn't even thought of and presented an artist rendering that allowed us to visualize the finished concept.  Dave and Pam held our hand during the entire process and delivered the finished product we were looking for.   If you're looking for quality work backed by integrity  having moved here recently from the Northeast. We were complete novices and the personal attention that Dave's smaller firm provides was key. Team Brandenburg could not have been more patient and professional. They helped design and coordinate the entire outdoor living area  I can say without hesitation that Brandenburg Pool and Outdoor is THE BEST pool contractor in the Valley! Look no further! They consistently demonstrate attention to detail with a relentless pursuit for the highest level of quality that always provides the ultimate level of customer service!"  who quickly scheduled to have someone come to my house within hours.  Since there had been a misunderstanding with the initial appointment scheduling  Jason who was on-site assisted to ensure the progress and fix anything that was necessary.  From start to finish our pool was completed in under four weeks!  We got to use it this week for the first time and my kids absolutely loved the baja shelf they installed!  If you want solid workmanship and a company that genuinely cares 