This place is overpriced and the service is not good at all.  When we where there children were riding bikes in the lot near the tables.  One almost hit our child.  Another customer said that if the owner had been there she would have not allowed the bikes to be there.  The cone was large to say the least but the taste left something to be desired.  Not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby.  Our children were exposed to language that would have made a sailor blush.  We will not be back.  Also they will accept a credit card but not a debit card?????  Please get up with the times.  so that satisfies myself and my daughter.  They also have funnel cakes for my daughter that doesn't care for ice cream.  The place is small but there is always a line and the DJ outside plays the best oldies while you wait." I'll definitely be heading back with my coworkers this week!" Remember When.... I always do when I go to this ice cream shop... The oldies playing and the best and biggest ice cream in Pgh.. The large ice cream cone comes out the side door cause they can't fit out the window...WoW it's great and has been great for many many years.. Been going there since I was a young young lad I'm now 27 and take my family there we love it... Keep up the good work First time here and I wasnt impressed at all!  I should have gone to the dairy queen :-( If you want a real ""Kodak moment""-order a large cone for the kids This place is close to home so I definitely plan to return to check out more of the offerings. Next time I may bend and try a soft cone dipped in chocolate. So much to choose from. Definitely 4 1 2 stars in my book." I haven't experienced what other reviewer's have - with the lights and music.  Its just a little cream shop if you are in the mood for a ice cream or a sundae."  it's all about the soft serve!" The best place for an artic swirl. :) southside shake!!!(sundae on top of a milkshake) best ever!"  the family and I would always frequent this place often. The Best ice cream around!!! I have to agree the arctic swirl is the best around!!! I suggest you try the chocolate covered pretzel!!! YUMM-O!!!! Good prices and fantastic people working there!!!"  bikers...everyone can enjoy this place.  Definitely stop by if you're headed to the south side!" This place has been a staple of the South Hills and it never fails to attract a large crowd of people.  You can't go wrong with Page's!"  this is a good place for some ice cream.  Nothing fantastic.  Nothing to travel across the city A true testament to their popularity is the fact that they still have patrons awaiting their fare when it is 50 degrees outside.  I want to try so much more of what they have to offer." "This is one of the places we miss the most since moving from Pittsburgh. We visit every time we are here during its open months though. A visit a few weeks ago was just as good as ever! I adore their Southside Shakes (half shake half sundae). Their homemade ice cream cookies rock as well! And I love that they put plastic covers with a lip on their ice cream cones. Helps keep little (and big) hands clean while enjoying a cone. Prices can't be beat They have so many flavors of ice cream! The menu is extensive You're still sitting there reading this? GO TO PAGE'S NOW!"  and I'm probably going to go!" Amazing. Historical. Unique. Affordable. Efficiently run. Pittsburgh gem! The kids working were fast and friendly so we left them a nice tip.  As someone who worked her way through college working at a frozen yogurt shop I can say -- TIP YOUR SERVERS Me thinks I'll be stopping here a lot this summer... it cannot be avoided!" "Can't go wrong with this place. We've been here a few times and I always get the same thing (small chocolate ice cream in a cone) but now that I'm reading other reviews "This place is a great Ice Cream Shop. My Favorite is the birch beer float. Delicious and under $2. A blueberry shake was made with real blueberries. Really  so we were all newbies! Huge plus that it's open until 11pm on weekdays. This little place is great. You walk up to the order window What to get: twist in a cone with krunchies The strawberries are real strawberries!!! That alone sets Page Dairy Mart a part from the rest."  I think I might squeeze in one more scoop on this trip!" 2PfavOTufsPCRdYm-bFcpw The parking area is weird and difficult in my opinion." Great ice-cream at a reasonable price. I love their chocolate banana milkshake. Get a Southside Shake with hot fudge shake and peanut butter sundae on top - absolutely amazing! "Great ice cream. I used to come here all the time when I lived closer. The ice cream is great and the food is pretty good as well. Just your typical burgers I love Page's!  It's a Pittsburgh staple that gives the summer months a sweeter taste!  I went to Page's last week and it was delicious as always!  This time I thought to treat my puppy to a small cup of vanilla ice cream.  I asked the lady at the counter for a small to-go cup of vanilla ice cream for my puppy!  When I got home and went to give my dog the cup I saw a milkbone topper that she had placed in his ice cream!  It was a perfect added touch that will keep us coming back!  Thank you! "There is absolutely nothing wrong with Page Dairy Mart.  I just moved to Pittsburgh less than a year ago.  I work on the South Side and found myself making a number of drives to Homestead down Carson St.  The first time I passed this place Best Softserve in the burgh hands down the cookies are hot! You must try the chocolate chip cookie sundae. Don't expect to find any seating here."  showing how the intersection  area looked about 100 years ago. I love Page Dairy Mart so much I want to marry it." It's worth the long line wait they usually have every night" Bring Cash! Extremely cheap ice cream but it's the very best in this region. We're not wasting our time at Dairy Queen any longer. They are open for most of the year but close  in the winter months. This is our new weekly tradition. Definitely recommended." I have had lots of items off of their large menu and everything has been good.  but there is something about their plain old soft-serve that does the trick. I think it's just the fact that it's from Page's that makes it so good. They also have great milkshakes Pina Colada soft serve.  and it tasted weird with butterscotch syrup.  I'll be sticking to the cookie and brownie sundaes from now on.  4.5 stars." Quite possibly the best ice cream places outside of Sarris in Pittsburgh. That is all. "If you ever ride down Carson  and pass this little place. Turn the car around and stop in!. The lines can be ridiculously long but it moves very fast and the ice cream is worth it! Blueberry soft serve alone is worth the trip. I love the pretzel cones. If you really want to indulge  and the ice cream makes it all worth it."  literally. I love it. It's a local favorite for sure and for many reasons. 1) the history behind page's... Literally if you walk behind page's there are old photos of what the building used to look like and some south side history :P. 2) their ice cream is incredibleeee. They have a ton of unique flavors and combinations. My favorite item on the menu is their strawberry sundae with twist ice cream  they only accept cash. But there is an ATM on site!"  you should TOTALLY make a stop. It'll be the best part of your commute." "Page's is one of my favorite places to go for ice cream in Pittsburgh. It is a pretty cheap place to go for the amount of ice cream that they give. I'm a big fan of soft serve ice cream so if you are too then definitely check this place out. Their cookie sundae and yinzer sundae are to die for and can easily be shared among 2 or 3 people. The only thing that I wish they would would do is give out samples of the ice cream flavors and take credit debit cards. They are known for their ice cream but they also have food (burgers  no less. You can have the same products that taste the same at any Dairy Queen or Tastee Freeze. People give this place 5 stars because they like to think they're special by knowing about some small ma and pop place."  no designated spaces etc. the other down side is that there is ALWAYS a line. Unless it's raining etc. The line gets insanely long but it's almost always worth the wait !"  I guarantee you'll go back! There ice cream is so good and there's so many different options to pick from! You could pick something different each time you go there "Page's is the best ice cream place I have ever been to! Their ice cream is creamy and full of flavor and their artic swirls are filled with all the good stuff "Whoever doesn't give Page a 5 has no soul. It's childhood everyday March-October. I love the pretzel cones Most likely the best ice cream place in the area. Its modern yet nostlagic. They are sure to have something for everyone. Today i had a chocolate malt and it was so legit i may just have to get another one tomorrow "It's open for spring! Was pretty chilly out tonight but that didn't stop us from waiting in line for what we have been waiting for all winter!! Tonight I tried the cinnamon bun sundae topped with Carmel and nuts!! Yum "The soft serve here is very tasty. They do the chocolate chip cookie sundaes really well. They also pack in the flavor in the birthday cake soft serve. It is always very busy despite a run down makeshift parking area  although there is an ATM located on the side of the building." People hang out in the parking lot and eat there ice cream. They bring their kids and dogs and everyone is chatty and happy. It's a fun place to be." You can listen to introspective raps in front of the same place and road the video was made while they blend your soft serve." I have to go back to this place! It's a gem hiding in an old gas station. I had the cinnamon roll Sunday and it was just big and amazing. I mean for $4.25 it was big. I mean it's like the size of something from the Cheesecake Factory but with a price from the 90s. They have a massive selection and it's hard to pick. If everything is as good as what I had today I can't wait to try something different every time I go back from now on. This place is a must try. You can listen to introspective raps in front of the same place and road the video was made while they blend your soft serve." I enjoyed my sundae but next time I will try something different that's on their menu. They had so many options for an arctic swirl so I'm looking forward to trying one of those next. Also  go for the nostalgia or go for the great ice cream  it's about making a pilgrimage to quite possibly the city's signature ice cream experience."  but they are very efficient & it moves quickly. I love that they incorporate so many local ingredients-Nancy B's cookies & burnt almond torte."  but this place is a dream come true. They just came out with their yearly blueberry soft serve magic. The signs on E Carson leading up to Page's tease me to stop in daily on my work commute but I couldn't pass up the blueberry and it did not disappoint! There is something about the friendly neighborhood ice cream joint that opens and closes with the seasons. Page's is a must try at least once a year "Okay I had heard and read about this place since moving to this side of town and finally came. Big waste of time and gas. They Do Not have ice cream  but when I had heard about this ice cream shop whose line wrapped down the street I knew I had to check this place out. When I went on a Friday night there was no line and the ice cream was sub-par." "This place isn't very good. I ordered a sundae and asked for a flavored ice cream but was told they could only do chocolate or vanilla because of ""how they mix it"".  It's a sundae so no mixing is involved so I don't understand that. Then when I got it 2PfavOTufsPCRdYm-bFcpw It's ok if you like soft serve and enormous amounts of it.  I am not a huge soft serve fan and I find the flavour of Paige's very bland.  So I t tastes like cold sweet and that's about it.  The atmosphere is great and it's worth a trip come here once just for that.  I don't think it is worth a second trip though. Love this place. The soft serve is so yummy! My mom always took us to get ice cream here in the summer when we came to visit. Just stopped here two days ago and it was just as delicious as I remembered! I just hate trying to pull out of this place because traffic is always so busy in every direction.  ask them to dip it in peanuts. There's always a line and parking can be dicey so bring your bike or compact car! It can also be a pain to get out of this place when there's traffic." I'm also not a fan of soft served ice cream."  but it moves quickly and the service is friendly. You won't be disappointed by this iconic summer favorite."  to Arctic swirls (blizzards). Not to mention their other hot food  but I should have expected that; I really felt as if I ate another meal because for the price of about $4.50  ...  It is at a busy intersection and parking can be tricky and it can be crowded.  The crowded times speak to its popularity though.  With many places to choose for ice cream in Pittsburgh PDM will always hold a special place in my heart. Go! And if your car won't start  and still warm like it was fresh out of the over. Many windows so line moves rather quickly. Cash only which sucks I do wish they had bicycle parking - my husband and I rode their bikes down there and it started raining once we were there. There was nowhere to lock up our bikes  so bring cash with you (or pay the fee at the ATM they have). They also have the famous Nancy B cookie in a sundae. I always take out of towners here"  this ice cream rocks. I love the endless options. The wait isn't too long even if the line is long. Yummmmmmmm." "What can I tell you that others haven't already? Higher fat content makes for a superior-tasting product. Multiple flavors of everything "Best soft serve in the burgh! Their peanut butter ice cream is to die for. I also think their chocolate is the best I've ever tasted. The lines are always long but it goes very fast - excellent Peanut butter soft serve with hot fudge and a chocolate chip cookie on the side. PERFECT!!!!!" 2PfavOTufsPCRdYm-bFcpw  but don't let that stop you because the wait is worth it. Oh Had chicken salad. Was good but very pricey. Their pizza is about 20-30% more expensive than any comparable pizza in the area. And since the pizza is just mediocre it is definitely not a good value so I'll pass! They are never open on Sundays... even though they are supposed to be.. I am starting to think maybe they folded and are out of business  tasteless. Crust tasted like frozen pizza crust. The sauce was meh. Cheese was okay. Sausage was disgusting. Bishops used to use a delicious hot sausage. I don't know what this sausage was other then disgusting. I don't recommend getting a pizza from Bishops" "Been ordering from them since the early 90's. Always hot and fresh.  Best white pizza I ever had. Hoagie's are great. Burgers with curly fries with cheese is always a favorite. Sometimes they don't answer the phone for what ever reason  it is mediocre at best! It really just depends on when you get it. Some days it's better and other days it's not. The taste and quality isn't consistent. Just recently we ordered from bishops and the pizza did not have a lot of cheese and the crust wasn't warm or tasty. It just tasted bland. I know that this particular location has been for sale but still operating Not sure why people talk bad about this place. I own a business that they will deliver to and we get food from them at least 2 times a week. Might be a little ore money but worth every penny. Ignore the bad reviews on here. This place is one of the best food places out there.. "I will admit the chipped ham sandwich was good. It was tender and salty and soft on the wheat bread. But this is just a deli. More like a bodega than anything actually. The signage is classic and the neighborhood I can't believe this place doesn't have more reviews! There is something so satisfying about buying an Isaly's chipped chopped ham sandwich right from the source. The sandwiches I bought here were so good and wow I can't believe I'm raving about something as simple as a ham sandwich but man it was memorable. This is seriously one of the last remaining Isaly's locations so it really should draw more attention than it does. Unfortunately no Klondike bars (they were invented by Isaly's) because apparently Isaly's lost the naming rights to Klondike bars or so I heard. Get the chipped chopped ham! Great place for ice cream and making memories." Great neighborhood ice cream shop.  and the decor is cute."  really sweet people working there and plenty of place to sit inside." The bottom line for me is that I would definitely stop back here again in the future.  The employees were friendly "Exactly what you'd imagine from an adorable neighborhood ice cream shop. When it's time to grab a cone  and nice to see a huge selection of hand dipped cones and it's a nice departure from the yogurt bars." Tried the salted caramel and was surprised to find little chocolate covered caramels inside! Yum!"  and fast friendly service it's still a welcome treat on a hot summer night." Does get crowded..but a good stop 4 a sweet treat." The ice cream is ok and they have a decent flavor selection but the shop itself is dated and could use a remodel - it could be made into something really special with the right decor. This place is awesome. I'm biased; it's in our neighborhood. We love it. The owner is a super nice guy who serves great ice cream. He lets the kids bring lunch in during the school year and my son really enjoyed talking history with him. The ice cream is amazing! The homemade cones are so flavorful!  Young locals who we're working were pleasant and helpful. I learned that there will be two new restaurants opening up in this area in the near future which will make parking a bit of a problem. Still I was thoroughly delighted with this place and hope to return in the near future." "Who does not love a DQ Blizzard? And I heart the Girl Scout Thin Mint Blizzard. Next time Good service and great ice cream." Peanut Buster Parfaits rule! I'm glad we have one so close. Nuff said! The staff here is great! They are so friendly & keep the place super clean. The cakes here are so creative too! Staff is friendly and cooperative."  trash everywhere). The last time we stopped in there were seven people working...but maybe actually three doing work. The other four were checking their cellphones or standing around talking. There is one young girl there who works her ass off but the rest contribute to the chaos." The inside has a decent size freezer case and seats  and a AMAZING ice cream sunday - check out Klavon's!!" They have a small parking lot behind the building.  It's not that far away from the lively part of the Strip District.  A nice afternoon would be shopping for produce down the street and walking up to Klavon's for a treat." the shakes. and ice cream. and candy. and food. and the decor!" I totally admire the owner for getting this place together and reopening it."  double is in the $3.50 neighborhood.  they do give a good amount of icecream and the milkshakes here are thick and good.  just not crazy about the atmosphere here.  it's difficult."  but definitely worth making a trip for a fun treat and a peek back in time."  you have to check this place out. Taking a step into Klavon's is like taking a step back in time. This place was originally an old drugstore  soda fountain from the 1920's. The inside is all original complete with 3 old telephone booths  because even though they take debit You almost never see places like this anymore - if you're in Pittsburgh  but felt comfortable here as I snapped pictures of the old school phone booths (just decorative) and the glass cases filled with relics.  This also seems like a good place to check out if you want some old-timey candy that's otherwise hard to find."  and milkshakes.  They even offer no sugar added and lactose-free options as well as flavored whipped cream.  In the end I decided on a single scoop of ice cream in a cone - how boring." Hershey's Ice Cream has a smooth creamy texture with good flavor.  Nice place to visit when in the strip district." Oh just an FYI: $1.50 service fee for debit credit card...."  she had chipping polish on her fingernails (health department anyone?) and wore shorts that could only be described as denim underwear. I saw nobody wearing gloves or washing their hands while handling ingredients directly. Other than that the staff seemed nice enough." Awesome place to go on a date. Cheap and super cute.  I'd forgotten that I'd chosen frozen yogurt as opposed to ice cream. Can't wait to go back...even if it is totally freaky time warp."  but I give it 5-stars anyways. I feel like this is an intelligent guess. The whipped cream was my favorite of all time  but he's always willing to give you a tour. Friendly people in friendly Pittsburgh. I can't wait to go back!" Klavon's YUMM!!!  Just made the yearly stop to one of the most unique Ice Cream Parlors.  Had a blast with the two nieces.  Klavon's is always so much fun with the little ones.  You MUST go and experience this old time soda fountain ice cream parlor  knowing how much I love nostalgia and history--not to mention coffee (present though not their specialty) and sweets (what an array!).  This place is amazing; our cherry phosphate was other-worldly So not worth the walk that we took to get here." Now all you need is a hot date and a poodle skirt  and I am always warmly greeted by the staff.  This is an especially nice place to visit by bike." kj3qws3WSMgOotUeACSdFA Klavon's Twenty-Eight Ice Cream Parlor is definitely neat place for a little time out if you are in the area! The experience will put a smile on your face!"  but it sure does taste great.  Excellent service.  Just an old school kind of place that you'll have to check out.  I recommend the peanut ball ice cream."  the ice cream is fabulous!!!! The experience and service is excellent!! Can't wait to go back!!!" This place is really neat with a lot of history and character. The ice cream is good and the service is great. Ask the workers a little bit about the place and you will find out what I am talking about. If you're in Pittsburgh you need to check this out! We would probably try this place again if we were around but not making any special trips." The decor is dated. It stands a fine line between the ""vintage"" feel and just plain old. And it was in a sketchy area. I walked over from Chinatown  and inject some atmosphere back into this historic establishment. The new owners and workers are super nice so I really hope they succeed." They served the ice cream behind the bar and the cash register is behind a glass case. They usually take your order when you come up to the bar or sit down at a table. You actually pay AFTER you eat.  This makes the entire process quite troublesome since the store does get filled up easily and you find yourself standing at the cash register waiting for someone to take your money. I will give them some time for the service to improve since they are new and still learning. Besides that Too bad. It's the kind of place that should be a treat not a 2 star review. Oh Whenever we need a sugar rush we will be returning to Klavon's!!" "I can't believe I never knew about this place! It was a pharmacy back in the 1920's and now is a soda and ice cream place. The soda counter and everything is original This place gets a 4 star based on the decor itself. There is nothing like a classic ice cream parlor setting to take you back and provide its own unique experience. The ice cream is nothing special but its the booths and the menus and the pretty decor that really got me.  and the staff is great! I was fortunate enough to meet the owner and she was super nice and helpful. She seemed really proud of what she had accomplished It was fun sitting at the bar and enjoying our sundaes. Can't wait to head back." I recommend the sundaes at this place.  This is pure 50's and 60's style that isn't forced.  Staff are very friendly and patient."  their food is great.  They now use Penn State Creamery ice cream.  They have a decent sandwich selection.  The prices are really good." This is the only place in PGH I know of that serves ice cream sodas.  I recommend it if you're nostalgic for old-fashioned ice cream novelties.  I don't get over to the Strip very often  I did not hesitate to enter and taste the ice cream that had such excellent reviews. Firstly I discovered that there was new management. They definitely did not appear happy to see me enter. I was met with hostile stares. I approached and told them I had heard many good things about this store and its wares. No breaking of the ice. I ordered and was given a scoop of ice cream the size of a golf ball for four dollars.  Save your money and time." I've heard about this place and wanted to try their ice cream. I loved the interior of the parlor and I commend the owner for keeping how the previous pharmacy's structure intact. I was pleasantly surprised that they served their ice cream in an actual ice cream glass bowl. The cookies and cream ice cream were okay. I enjoyed Klavon's more for the charm of its store than its ice cream. LOVED it!!! My husband devoured the HOMEMADE chocolate whipped cream on his banana split. He said it tasted like chocolate mousse. I had the turtle sundae with caramel sauce and amaretto whipped cream. Totally decadent! Can't wait to go back! Great ice cream parlor.  Old world charm original soda fountain & counter.  A must see & friendly service.   The Ice cream was awesome. Plenty of toppings on the sundae. Highly recommended.  but the ice cream was not that great. I got the Cookie Monster sundae." It was still very nice of the two people there to serve us. We definitely appreciated it and the ice cream was beyond amazing! We'll be back...during regular hours  which I assume the original owner's family kept as a personal keepsake--but this is probably a good thing for dieters who'd rather not be reminded of their indulgence (ahem It's so cute and vintage here. This place is a gem and I'm happy to have tried it while visiting my sister in Pittsburgh. They don't make places like this anymore. j5zfkWyTwdU-SR9_Dr5inA  not just an after thought.  And this is what Klavon's SHOULD strive to be."  this place is a historic and tasty Pittsburgh treasure. Definitely be sure to stop in sooner rather than later "A bit of a walk from the main part of Pittsburgh ""Strip"" district but the ice cream treats are delish!  We shared the Pecan Ball."  two scoops! Add the fudge! And chocolate whipped cream! And cherries! I could go on forever  something you'd see in your average ice cream shop). Turns out the ingredients are a lot better than they appear." "Best place in Pittsburgh I've been to get ice cream so far. Sooooo many options and just not enough stomach space to do so. Next time  AND all the old-fashioned candy from my childhood. Reasonable prices--BEST and nicest part is that they let you enjoy your ice cream before having to pay. Amaretto truffle ice cream and banana splits were lovely!"  but the employees made sure everything was safe for me. I had a small peach smoothie which was anything but small! And very sweet and refreshing! Such a cute old fashioned ice cream parlor I am absolutely in love with!"  no real line at all. There were tables with people taking orders- was this a sit down place or what? I still have no idea. We sat at a table  the girl automatically made our orders to go.  I would have loved one of the glasses but alas.  I am sure if I had asked she would have changed the order over.  Nonetheless Klavon's is a perfect way to finish a Saturday hot summer stroll or a quick fix if you have a sweet tooth emergency. Bring a date here for some flashback fun that's off the beaten track  why not give them a try. Ugh. The entire place needs to be gutted and renovated. There's so much dead space  and milkshakes. I love that the staff will do custom orders. The vintage look of the place  is really cool along with it's neat candy display in the corners. The staff are super friendly. The location and parking were convenient in the strip district."  splits and floats. The service was super friendly and they genuinely seem to enjoy themselves. Did I mention the sundae I had was delicious! I got the cookie n cream with hot fudge and I asked for peanuts so they threw them on. It so was inexpensive. My friend got their homemade chocolate almond ice cream and she loved it. Def recommend for families or even date night! I will definitely be going back!" TL;DR: I drove 25 minutes in both directions just to see a closed sign on the door even after I called to confirm hours TL;DR: I drove 25 minutes in both directions just to see a closed sign on the door even after I called to confirm hours  the Penn State Creamery ice cream I had from them is awesome! Great flavors  creative sundae offerings and cheerful atmosphere made it easy to forgive the high prices and small portions. Sadly yesterday my daughter and I had such an unpleasant experience that we are not likely to go back. The server ignored us while serving several groups who came in after us and was about to take orders from another when I reminded her of our presence. She was rude and unapologetic and acted as if she were doing us a favor taking our order. We waited and when I saw her serving another customer decided it was time to leave. As we were about to leave The atmosphere of the parlor gives you that 'old-timey' feel as if you were in the 60's and candy only cost a nickel. It's warming and almost artistic in a way  friendly and the service was quick.  They didn't seem at all phased by what surely must have been a busy day dealing with lots of people stopping in just for a free shake (and many who seem to have been drinking) they just kept serving up free shakes will taking care of paying customers.  I think that shows absolute professionalism and that they clearly enjoy their jobs!"  since we thought the price for a Sundae was a little steep. The plain hot fudge sundae was $5.50 or so. Ambience is like an old fashioned bar tavern and the people working were very friendly. They had live irish music for the occasion. You do have to walk around the building outside with a key to get to the restroom FYI. It was actually really clean and I didn't feel unsafe or weird going to the bathroom despite this. I'll go again and look for a cheaper menu item." One aspect that I have noticed when I have been in Klavon's is that the employees are always smiling.  They seem happy to be giving you the sweetest treat in town.  They joke with the customers and seem to generally love their job.  Stay away from franchise ice cream  which is basically a turtle sundae on a chocolate brownie. Good stuff! The pecans stole the show. It aint no Antneys or Pages "Really disappointed! I have been here several times since the place got new owners and every time has been unpleasant. My 3yo and I waited for ten minutes at a table while being ignored and not once had anyone come over to take our order. Three separate parties came in after us and the two guys served them in the slowest fashion. Finally I got up and they said can we help you? I got my son a wee cone for $2.94. Yes  it seems this place has amazing history and potential. However I agree with the previous reviews that the staff are killing it. Will not return." I love the atmosphere here. It was a very familial and laid back vibe. The ice cream sundaes and floats were also delicious. Can't go wrong with any flavor! Great!  Cute atmosphere and courteous staff. If you are an ice cream lover - like myself - check it out!"  I would recommend this place if you're looking for a quick stop to grab some ice cream. I would go back to try out some of the other items on their menu (minus the plastic)." "Make the waffle cones on the spot! I was served by the same guy both times I've been here and he is great!! Was working by himself on a busy afternoon (line was constantly 10 people long) "Wow! I've never had a better experience at an ice cream shop. From the atmosphere to customer service. I came in on a hot Friday night with a line out the door. However  the servers all just disappeared as we entered and when they came back seemed really PO'ed. They were impatient with us and generally seemed ticked off to be there. Additionally I won't ever return. They give ""Klavons"" a horrible name. I feel so bad that the family sold the business and it was turned into this." I think every parent should take their kids to show them what an original pharmacy soda fountain ice cream shop looks like. I learned today of your kids go in and tell them that they have read the young adult book titled ""Macaroni Boy"" they will get a tour of the back room which is an intact pharmacy. My boys are young adults but I'm going to have them read it and then go back and get a tour."  and other decor. The new owners need to realize that they could have something truly wonderful if the quality of the ice cream matched the quality of the surroundings." The ice cream was okay. I wasn't overly impressed by it but still enjoyed my cup and was glad she gave me a Sundae dish to enjoy it with. The atmosphere alone is worth looking at. While I was eating their ice cream I picked up two of their menus which describes all the types of traditional ice creams you can purchase. There was another one that listed both the coffees  half vanilla!) is probably the best on the planet and they offer homemade ice cream sandwiches.  Everything is affordable  home made ice cream sandwiches.  I look forward to the time when twisters reopens after the winter.  They are cheap  uses FAUX Oreo cookies. I don't even know if I can walk down the same street as this store ever again. They may as well have given me a Rocks and Gravel Flurry. A travesty  at least they light up the big plastic cones out front to let you know when they're around."  and it was delicious. The girl behind the window was a sweetheart too. I loved her hair and piercings." Nothing to ever complain about here."  Twisters is better. More filling and it is a little cheaper. Solid little shop" "Twisters really wasn't that great. I had a snickers flurry. The vanilla soft serve just didn't have the right texture and the snickers tasted stale. The medium size  they stopped making the homemade ice cream sandwiches because they don't have the wafers :( Still a nice treat.  FYI  I saw a kid with a cone that appeared to be dipped in just that.  I'll have to try ordering that again next time to see if this was a fluke.  Regardless  since the ice cream they were selling was Hershey's. There's a nice little bench in front that enables for an enjoyable time people dog watching as you eat your ice cream. Definitely worth going to on a beautiful summer evening." "Went here last night for ice cream because I live close by. I had the birthday cake hard ice cream. I found it to be too sweet for my taste A nice small local ice cream shop. A great place to grab some soft serve on a hot night. I can't say to much about the place other then the soft serve is good and very cheap. They also don't skimp. It's easy to walk to and they have seating outside. Now I only tried the soft serve but they have a larger menu. Sad to say I no longer live in the area and won't be able to try this place out again. 3_3yJMo2dTPeq8woOW69IA  it's basically a Hershey's ice cream vendor. The ice cream was tasty and I didn't have to wait long for it. Nothing special though. In the future I'll stick with scoops for my neighborhood ice cream fix." "Horrible service. I have never been treated so poorly in a cafe. The coffee wasn't spectacular This coffee shop is fine -- decently made espresso drinks and I've had no problems with the service. I use this as a backup location when the others in Shadyside are too busy. Not a huge fan of the atmosphere inside... Conclusion: I'm willing to stop by again just for the cookies (but only if I'm already in the neighborhood). Also One thing I noticed:  theyhaven't updated their website in awhile."  really want to like this place but the first time was the last time. The service was horrible and their coffee didn't taste great. I waited for ten minutes at least before the two people manning the cashier bar before I was paid attention to and serviced as they were busy chatting with one of their friends who had stopped in. After getting my coffee  I can't speak for the ice cream.  I'm not much of a sweets guy.  But it's a nice "Jitters has great coffee and a great atmosphere. Its cozy and has a European vibe. There is outdoor seating and the noise level is just right; quiet enough to get work done PS the wait staff was also very pleasant and kind." "Best coffee on Walnut. Ice cream is excellent. Like the other commentators  and have outdoor seating which is perfect for summertime."  or maybe a recent graduate in need of Internet this is the place to go. Grab a coffee and grab a seat inside or outside and enjoy using the Internet as long as you like. NO TIME LIMIT!"  so they must be keeping their regulars satisfied.  I can see myself stopping in here on a whim again  what else do you need?  I avoid the other coffee spots on Walnut either because the staff ain't so hot or it's always jam-packed.  Jitters is cozy and clean  but it does feel a bit crowded in here."  and definitely better than Starbucks. Fun spot for studying I would imagine highly recommend - Ravi and the staff are the best in Shadyside Love this place. Their Espresso is damn good and it's a great environment to get work done. The space is bright and clean and the baristas are also really friendly." But still support small cafs!!!"  appropriate for studying or even just reading your book.  They also have a mute TV that you can watch for example the world cup every 4 years :) or whatever else is on.  I am quiet sure I will be visiting this place more often in the times to come."  and what I love about this place is that most people who come in are regulars. The staff know almost every patron by name (which again speaks highly of the staff). The venue is cute and homey right at the end of the Walnut Street stores. A part of me wishes it was a bit bigger  their choice of music may be distracting occasionally. Bring some headphones just in case."  especially when the weather is nice and you can grab a coffee and sit outside!"  imo--and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed. Prefer this place over the local chains any day."  you'll see that they come from Prantl's.) Employees should be informed about the product they're selling.  Having said that "This place is running the coffee game in this city. Good coffee "Jitter's baristas are very friendly and helpful.  The free wifi is a must for coffee shops.  As a Shadyside resident  the best prices for coffee in Shadyside. Everything tastes high quality and the employees clearly take pride in their work.  They food they serve is wonderful - I love the chocolate chip cookies!" I really love this place. I have come in to get some work and writing done two days in a row and have enjoyed it. It's small but tables are not too close together. Prices are great - quite low. Hot and iced teas are good. Service is good. Bagels taste fresh. Music is not too loud. Great natural light. My new favorite spot. Tons of people stop in for ice cream. On top of this the blueberry muffin was delish. It had an over abundance of blueberries in it and was moist (gross word I know) on the inside. Will come again!"  but we got it."" They were so nice about the child and the cookie that I went back the next day! (And ordered a less crumbly cookie.)" "Nice little cafe. The young woman who helped me was friendly. Coffee was good. Pricey by my standards. Found the inside was a bit sterile. No Really liked this place and the people who work here.  Seems like a tight night family and friends operation.   Decor is awesome.   Out door seating in such a great city is always a bonus.   Coffee is a cut above everyone who tries to be a cut above.   Def recommend this place. Will return when in Shadyside next!"  which is delicious and local. Jitters is a great small business which also supports other local businesses. Check it out!"   have to order decaf.  It would be nice to have a sign outside.  Coffee is great and a lot of local characters in the morning.  This may become my after yoga coffee place."  Jitters is good for a quick coffee to go." Great stop for coffee in Shadyside. Very friend staff and a pretty casual environment. It's still cheaper than most coffee places and is one of the better! Absolutely the best coffee in Pittsburgh. The baristas know how to make a wide variety of expresso. I often just ask them to make me whatever they want and I have never been disappointed. For those that like a little bit of sweets they also serve Dave and Andy's ice cream! Try the affogato for a special treat! Jitters is especially a good place to get some work done because there's free wifi and outlets galore. Definitely worth a trip to Walnut to check out." The staff is also super friendly. I totally recommend this place." "Jitters has excellent coffee as well as a great feeling. Its cozy and has a European vibe. There's outside seating as well as the noise level is just right; silent enough to get work done Best coffee shop on walnut. Quiet and calm with ice cream in true Pittsburgh fashion. I love sitting outside and people watching in the summer. It's a great place to get some work finished or meet up with friends. "Pitiful service. Worst baristas I've ever come across that were pretty rude in their interactions with me and even so far as making me feel like I should 'butt out' of their conversation when making passing joke trying to interject into their chat. No sense even trying to be playful when you'll be met with blank stares since they don't seem to give a shit about who's giving them their tips. It felt like it took fucking forever to make a simplistic iced mocha. Get over yourselves  and gave her a couple of little tastes of some different flavors to help her make up her mind. As with any Baskin Robbins If they are so cavalier about tossing ice cream already served back in their containers in full view of customers "Halfpenny's is a soda   ice cream   quick-bite-to-eat shop in the bottom of Two Wachovia Center.  Hours are 7 a.m. to 4 p.m.  This is a popular spot to grab coffee "I love a place where you can get a sandwich on a toasted ""everything"" bagel.  Halfpenny's is my jam when I just want a bagel sandwich and some chips  and ALOHAAAAA... delicious.  You can't really beat it for a cheap and good quality cuppa.  (*side note* there is a $3 minimum for credit cards This is my spot for coffee and bagels each day. Ice cream is also fantastic... They remember what I order and I get my bagel and coffee in about 3 minutes. Service doesn't get any better than here!!  especially for those who eat out on a regular basis and just need FOOD. I have tried to find other places to get sandwiches (often more expensive) HzZ3424aEgmElEP06l0KKA  made by cheerful folk. I've been going there for years  and not much flavor.  It's no where close to ""cream of"" anything.   The cheese on the sandwich was so thin that I pried it open just to ensure myself that they hadn't only given me 2 pieces of plain bread.  I like to support small mom and pop businesses The BEST place for breakfast sandwiches in the Wells Fargo Mall  too.  They are called Snoops now and there are black silhouettes of spies all over the walls.  Sort of a dive - but great food - I will definitely be going back to fill that greasy spoon need!" "I was taking a break from work one day and saw a sign in the window of this store claiming that they had some pretty great ice cream.  Being from northwest Iowa originally I know good ice cream  but it has the air of a place that's been in the neighborhood for years. The staff is friendly in a short-order cook kind of way  which with the burger I was served is simply amazing. It may not be the healthiest option in Charlotte OH NO - CLOSED AS OF JUNE 2012 - PHAT BURRITO IS MOVING IN.  I AM VERY MAD AT YOU PHAT BURRITO!  YOU GOT SOME SPLAININ' TO DO!!" MZBF4LqZrT5yefELVbUhfg  get 1 free. Wednesday is double punch day. They always have yummy specials. The toppings are fresh and you put them on yourselves. Absolutely love Snoop's!" Service wasn't super inviting and the cash register attendant didn't even hint at a smile when we ordered. As soon as cash was in hand I remember this place growing up only thing changed was the name and the son runs it now still one of the best burgers in charlotte Don't miss the fantastic lemonade or orange-ade that is fresh squeezed when you order it!"  I didn't get a chance to try it.  The rest of the foods were basic concession-stand items.  Burgers Prices are a bit higher  than average for this type of fare." nhPdxY-jbf-XVQ6Hq6qJPw There is still one location open on Westinghouse blvd. and they just opened for dinner as well as lunch."  and they ice cream cakes are fantastic. It's also nice to be able to get the ice cream cupcake...you usually think of ice cream cakes as being for special occasions only  your marshmallows should not be so stale they're positively chewy.  We sat and ate ice cream in the shop before going our separate ways home  but a nice young lady came out and fixed our ice cream for us.  She was pretty meticulous with the mix-ins and did a good job."  nothing to come back to. A bit pricey compared to other ice cream establishments. And the ice cream wasn't all that good." Place is dirty.  Both bathrooms were out of order.  Young lady was very nice.  Will not go back.  Placed smelled like industrial cleaner. We will not be back.  Not even worth a Groupon!!!  :("  both bathrooms out of order and a hand written sign saying only 2 samples per customer. Ice cream is just ok IMO and overpriced for the quality." I live Maggie Moos but it seems they're out of red velvet ice cream most of the time.  I guess with it being a best seller.....but that should be a clue to have more readily available.  The staff is always friendly which is a plus and last time I tried a flavor I had never tried. Overall an EXCELLENT choice for a frozen treat while in the University area!"  key toppings seem to never be in stock and the menu ingredients for the ice scream is inconsistent. There's no health score posted and I believe that I know why. If you are in the mood for ice scream just drive to Marble Slab on Rea Road it's a little bit of a drive but it is completely worth it."  I don't know how to describe it better than that.  It was just really good.  The ice cream was pretty good.  I've had better Perfect little ice cream shop from the prices to the sandwiches. Staff is friendly and orders are made quickly. It's located  on a broadwalk so it perfect for just a spot to relax. Make sure to grab one of the huge brownies for a buck and some change before leaving this place it's well worth it. I absolutely adore this place. The sandwiches are great and have a wonderful home-made taste and feel. The ice cream is as good or better than any of the ice cream chains and the flavor selection is probably the best I've seen in my life (no joke). The service isn't over the top and frankly that feels far more natural and comfortable.   head over to Ninety's and be sure to enjoy that spacious shared patio!" I recently tried this place and I was very impressed with how delicious their sandwiches are. I have tried the chicken salad sandwich and the reuben and they were great. Super cheap prices and fast and friendly service. BTW their smoothies are pretty good too. I will definitely stop by again. "I enjoyed the strawberry cheesecake ice cream today from Ninety's Ice Cream & Sandwiches.  A co-worker was kind enogh to bring me a surprise flavor.  I had other opportunities to taste this flavor but passed them up.  You see Great sandwiches and great staff.  I eat here often and love it.  we skipped on the sandwiches and just ordered ice cream. I got the salted caramel chocolate ice cream in a waffle cone. I really love the flavors and liked the chocolate chunks M8CC5_9vEvt1yOI2pnkvKA Their daily special was the bomb. They don't shy away from adding enough meat! It's hard for me to believe people go to Subway when little shops like this exist. Good location. Great staff. I'll be back.  but I was less than thrilled with the wrap I ordered." "The ice cream and smoothies are delicious. The only reason I rated them so long its because they have really bad customer service. The person who ""helped"" me out had an attitude the whole time. He acted like he was there against his will or something. I would not go back because I didn't feel welcomed at all."  and was really impressed by the taste and hospitality." I gave this place 4 stars because I absolutely love their ice cream but the only thing is I wish the workers were more friendly. At least a smile would be nice but hey the ice cream is delicious so that won't stop me from coming back!  but the serving was more than satisfactory which is more than what I can say about most places. Absolutely no negative impressions. The place inside looks old and could use a makeover to make it more appealing for people to come in." Yummy!!! I love cookies and cream so of course I tried that flavor which was amazing. But since I also love coffee I just had to try the coffee cookies and cream. OMG!!!! The best coffee ice cream mix I've ever had. Surely recommend this place. They didn't receive 5 stars cause their service could be better and there wasn't any tissue in the restroom.  But the ice cream is delish. A visit to Maggie Moo's is not cheap though.  For our family of four we shelled out close to $16 and three of us had the kids size portions."  & brownies is my fav just like a cold stones Wonderful ice cream! New favorite place for ice cream. Great place to spend a spring day. The managers were so much fun and made great recommendations. I had the Better Batter Cake Carnival. Pure deliciousness. Best ice cream in the Charlotte area.  The employees are always so friendly and fast.  We go their almost weekly. "We went to Maggie Moo's for the first time yesterday and it was awesome! The girl who was working the counter was really pleasant and seemed happy to be there  their flavor of the day: Swiss almond Christmas or something like that. Chocolate custard with slivered almonds. Yummo." "I wanted ice cream so my husband pulled off the highway at this Culver's. We opted to get the flavor of the day (cookie dough craving). I was disappointed to find that it was a chocolate custard with TONS of cookie dough chunks because I like custard and not just the mix-ins  and the fried cheese curds are to die for.  You don't find those floating around just anywhere.  But if there is anything you MUST get The difference between a deluxe burger and cheddar butter burger is that in the deluxe  it's sort of like eating cake batter or cookie dough. You can only have so much before you start getting that sickly feeling and start stirring that plastic spoon around and staring down the custard and wondering why you dont wanna finish. Yeah it's custard and it's heavy especially when you add every kind of peanut butter chocholate bar to the mix.Let me tell you those first five spoonfuls are pure goodness then it goes downhill. Less is more with this stuff let me tell you! Next time I am getting the smallest size If you're passing through Wisconsin Love it!!!!! Love it!!!!!! love it!!!!!!!   Who doesn't love Culver's! Everything was great except for the burgers they are greasy and very charred compared to other stores.  about $25 to feed our family of four there. That's pricey. Thank goodness for my inlaws and those gift cards!!"  food was the norm for Culver's fare. If you stop here (or any Culver's for that matter) do yourself a favor and get the cheese curds. It's a Culver's must!" Our kids each had a cheeseburger kids meal which came with fries or applesauce and choice of a drink (we did milk). Also on the kids bag there is a coupon for a free scoop of ice cream with your choice of toppings! Even on this cold day the custard was amazing! My husband had a butter burger and fries. Everything was tasty!!"  so they not pre-made.  They were brought out to the car.  Only took a couple of minutes.  The burgers were fantastic.  Hot and juicy.  The buns were grilled  so it was pretty quiet in the restaurant even though they had a fair amount of customers coming through (we were not the only ones in the restaurant by far).  The food was excellent and our order came as requested and with a smile!" I can't give this place 5 stars because fast food chains certainly don't warrant that sort of rating but it's quite solid nonetheless. 4 stars." I ate here regularly until I started dieting and cooking for myself."  friendly staff and very tolerant of kids- what's not to love?" Awesome Culvers. Great for the community of McFarland. Friendly customer service  for an enormous ice cream treat such a bargain. I really like their kid's meal deal - don't judge - as it offers a taste of everything (custard  so my husband went inside to ask about our order. They had no idea where it was. The employees inside had no idea that there was an order matching our number. Maybe someone gave our order to another customer. They asked my husband if he wanted to wait for them to make another meal. He requested his money back. But they didn't simply refund his money  Steve.   Steve has worked at Culver's for 16 years and was considered by many to be a great worker and was always a highlight of our visit to Culvers in McFarland.  Im not sure why or what the new ownership (who also owns Todd drive and Cottage Grove locations) was thinking with this move - perhaps greed.  I'm not alone with my stance of not supporting a business that discriminate.  They lost my business and many others are equally as outraged to hear about this."  possibly the best I have ever had.  Been there over 15 times and have yet to see an adult working in the place.  Service is hit and miss.  Our last trip the IQ level of the help was very low.  Bathrooms are usually clean." I gave them a 2 star rating based on the excellent flavors... it should have been at least a 4.5 with some attention to customer service." "Agreed with Dave's review about the staff and service being a hit or miss. I normally don't make stops anymore to cold stone restaurants because their ice cream is so expensive. Plus  have them clean the stone before they mix your ice cream or you risk cross contaminating your treat.  (I learned that the hard way.)" "I don't recommend going there.  My wife and I decided to go there for some dessert after a very nice dinner.  I wanted an ""Apple Pie A la Cold Stone"".  I have had this before and it is normally very good.  I was told that they had been out of the pie filling for a while.  Yet this is one of their ""Signature Creations"".  I would expect that if this is something that they always have that they would have on their menu Not sure why this place has such horrible reviews. It's not bad. Services is decent and the ice cream tastes good although it's a little over priced. Not sure id stop here very often I do prefer orange leaf to here.  sweet cream ice cream with marshmallows gummy bears and gram cracker pie crust. I call it gummy pie. Think about the size you get though I like watching them create the concoctions The flavors are spot-on.  Sample a few when you go in (even if you know what you're getting already!)."  I heard from someone that Culver's had cheese curds.  (For those that don't know what a cheese curd is then ready this wiki article.  Don't worry I didn't know about them until I came to Wisconsin.  http:  en.wikipedia.org wiki Cheese_curds)    So 2) I refuse to let an LA resident (Tracy G) weigh down the supreme awesomeness that is Culver's based on her misunderstanding of cheese curd availability!"  and cheeseburger.  Very nice & friendly staff.  Food was brought out quick.  Clean tables & restrooms." One personal complaint I have with this place is I keep seeing old high school classmates working there.  I pretend not to recognize them." I'm glad that I can find quality fast-food  so everyone really knows their job and they are not miserable like most fast food employees.  And the food is almost always perfect." This place is the bomb.   Fresh burgers and the cheese curds are melt in your mouth perfect.   The service is way above average and the restaurant is very clean.   I have enjoyed Culvers for years when we would visit on vacation.   Now we live here and we make a weekly visit to Culvers for dinner.   Of course you have to top the meal off with a custard.   It is a fast food restaurant but it is way above what you would expect from a fast food restaurant. The real reason to go to Culver's is for their custard. Concrete mixers are where it's at  although parking can at times be a bit tight.  One time I sat in the dining room and Mr. Craig Culver himself brought my order to my table!  Very cool that a guy with 500+ franchised locations finds time to still ""keep it real"" and deliver food to the customer!" The food here is always a safe bet. Check your order however because they don't always get it right.  and the food is always fresh!  We appreciate this store's dedication to great service during a time when most companies are only focused on their own needs.  We'll keep going back!"  and their custard is even more delicious. Even though I'm way past that stage  nothing impressive. I'm not sure what the hype is but I've been to two Culver's now and they have both underwhelmed me." Fact: i have been to way too many Culver's locations of late. But this one is as great as the rest. Perhaps even better in that is isn't overly air-conditioned and has a unique seating layout reminiscent (in a good way) of old Country Kitchens. Cozier than other locations. Great and fast service. Tasty burgers. An excellent lunch on a day out doing wedding-related things with my mom. 4 stars!  and reasonably priced! And Sun Praire Culver's is by far the best in the area! Their staff is always on top of their game Lovely culvers! Delicious frozen custard and chicken strips. Fast service even when busy is always a nice touch. Some more organizing on how they determine who is next in line to order would be helpful as there is very little space to stand. Confusing parking lot but the food is always worth it. Props for having Udi's gluten free buns ($1 extra)." Don't go here! Worth the drive to anywhere other culvers! Decent Culver's from a service perspective but the food is as great as you would expect at a Culver's.   But no tv.   I thought all Culver's had tv's.  expect a higher quality of fast food. We personally love our Sun Prairie Culver's because they are very accurate with others and attentive to customers. There are also fantastic at giving back to the community." "I really enjoy their summer salads. They always taste good and fresh. Also RIsEPpt2jM7c_Ko_CyLwMw  since the car in front of you might be ordering Peanut Buster Parfaits for the entire marching band and you'd never know until it was too late). A couple of times I've dealt with employees who seemed to hate me and whatever I was ordering (the median age of these people seems to be about 19) I docked a star just because the place is so squished."  Culver's and most of all Kopps in Milwaukee. I'll never stray again. You shouldn't either." "A lot of selection. There wasn't anybody else there when we stopped in so we didn't know if it was open or closed. Once we found it it was open I'll be back to try other flavors and update this bad boy accordingly 0FdNeZAx-afgg8HV9oyqSw  the employees are friendly. The location is pretty good. Prices are good considering the massive quantities of ice cream that is shoveled into your cup or cone. But  which can be good and bad. TOO MANY OPTIONS! there was another person working there which might have been the manager who was just chatting it up with her friend and not helping the other worker."  try flavors that have eccentric names." I'm gonna love any place that sells Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream. :) This location is pure nostalgia for me. I would go there when I was young and I remember being overwhelmed by all of the choices. Zanzabar chocolate is the best flavor! Check your buckybook for a buy one get one free coupon."  I'd suggest you keep going and stop at the location in Waunakee or the location near East Towne Mall  hair in my ice cream and burgers that resemble dog food and that's enough for me. Ive never quite seen a burger paddy so thin and greasy before in my life. You've  got to be desperate to eat there." The bastard child of two sexy Culvers. It's disappointing for the North side of town. There aren't many options for ""fast"" food." "Staff was friendly and helpful.  The food was great as always.  We came here for a late dinner after flying into the airport.  The staff was ready to take our order.  When our meal came to the table Food and service here is always really good. Way better than most fast food joints. Love their burgers and fries and custards! "It broke my heart to see the staff make food for folks who didn't actually order it (appeared to have made too much) throw away the items that no one claimed. The staff should be trained to offer complimentary items when too much is made "I enjoy this location as much as I do the east town location. Both offer great service and good food. Ordered the seasonal pumpkin spice shake (I buy this at least once every fall). Wonderfully thick  service was excellent. The store was clean also the restrooms."  I wonder if K-9 custard could be good for felines?"  I'm sure it's ten times better than the solid half and half a lot of places are trying to pass off as custard around here." michaels frozen custard is literally the best taste sensation i have experienced in my life. that is a big statement and im owning it.  it doesnt even matter what flavor you get  they still have the cute umbrellas and the luscious custard we all love. Stopped in to get a fix and killed two birds with one stone -- delicious frozen custard sundaes and hot fried cheese curds. Could it get any better? Only if you made the entry way and the outdoor tables more accessible for friends and family in wheelchairs I had Death By Chocolate.  Now I am dead and loving it.  too. I'm currently dreaming about their pumpkin custard. Mmm."  fries and shakes; and they are good at what they do!"  is notably disappointing.  I've had a couple of burgers there and they were greasy and half-hearted concoctions.  I also think that the counter staff could be a lot better.  They always seem sullen and taciturn.  In the winter you get the impression that they aren't really even supposed to be open.  That is all a shame I've been happy with their veggie burgers and can't complain about the food over all. Drive in kinda food..."  through the grassy area and down to the lake to enjoy your treat." Better than Culvers. But more expensive.  the Oreo malt is the only thing I consider ordering. And that is only if someone I'm with really wants to go and is paying for it. Prices are obscene. All of the food is greasy  wisconsin-esque experience.  The flavors of the day  the last thing that made mad as a wet wasp is the prices listed are cash prices. If use a credit card you pay 3% more. A flavor OF THE DAY(fod) is about 3.70 while a whole pint is about 4.99.  You can always get the FOD in a pint so I would go with a whole pint.  Basket are about 5.99 to 6.70 but bring your cash or add 3% to the already absorbent prices."  I need to stop here for some creamy frozen treat. The chocolate pecan is my favorite."  since I don't always want a sundae (but maybe this is characteristic of frozen custard joints and is not a fair criticism). Second  but nothing special. Another option would to be to continue on the bike path. In Monona there is an ice cream stop by a park on the lake. We will try that next time."  I will probably give the Monroe St. Michael's - and their custards/burgers - a shot This was my first visit.  I love the interior decoration of this place.  Clean.  Had a really yummy sundae.  A bit pricey though.  overall its amazing. $$$ though. I paid $4 for a chocolate shake and it was not even that big. A cheaper alternative Just had the worst tasting greasy cheesburger I have ever had.  Served with about 5 french fries.  we spent nearly $20 there and I was not satisfied with my meal.  Every talks so much about how great the custard is.  Nope.  Not good.  Go to Culver's!  Seriously  it's not much more expensive than regular-price Haagen-Dazs or Ben&Jerry's is getting these days I have never eaten the ""real"" food at this location - so I can't comment on that. But the sundaes are worth it every time."  and two custard cones. Not even worth the price!!!!Culvers would have been a better option. the food was ok I know why Culver's is the tried-and-true home for decent burgers and malts.  Unless something changes  but little flavor variety. Only 3 flavors. The people working at this place have little patience for the indecisive." Jb5SB2OXbRW0e7ErGlMK-Q  it is across the street from the park so you can enjoy some sweet views of the Madison Skyline on a summer day/night!"  fries and onion rings that I have had here are pretty good on a fast food scale.  The reason that I am giving them 3 stars (which I think is generous for a fast food place) is because they have this promotion where you can get their burger of the month (this is a selection from their regular menu) and fries for $5.  $5 for an ok burger and fries is a pretty good deal.  In addition  but WAY to expensive to justify.  I have to remove one star for that weirdo that dances in their commercials.  Disturbing to say the least." We asked for a hot chocolate fudge brownie ice cream and we got a regular chocolate sundae. There was nothing about brownie in there not even chunks and is over priced 5.56 usd when you can get the same at mc donalds for a dollar Seriously...call the health department. We will drive all the way to Sun Prairie rather than ever step foot in this place again." "I have been to this place four or five times.  It's ok for a brazier.  The servers were actually pretty nice; one time they messed up my wife's drink and they gave her a replacement quickly and with no hassle.  I haven't noticed any of the health violations rained down on this place in the other reviews I walked out feeling very unsatisfied and my husband I determined this will be our last visit to the local DQ.  Besides the poor service I read a review that said call the Health dept.....Seriously I sent this review in and all Dairy Queen said was thank you for your feedback.  Nothing more.  No follow up.  Gross. By the looks of the other reviews the owner doesn't give a crap. Surprised it's still open" Please people don't waste your time or money here!!!!" "We raced to get here tonight before the 8pm closing time. Pulled up at 7:55 and it was closed. If you say you are open until 8 QwUHifLjoc5hoxa74jpwGQ I've never had any problems besides being understaffed within my 15 years of going here "Absolutely the slowest service ever! Waited 20 minutes for 3 ice cream treats I will say they are very awesome with kids and generous with the free little dishes of custard for them."  I crave it and I am not a fast food person!   They custards are to die for and I am glad that I do not live by a culvers because I would probably try to eat there every day!  I love their food  and you will never see a mess on the floor or at the condiment station. I think this is because the owner takes great pride in his resteraunt I have to also add in that this location is always busy. Always busy! Cars coming onto the road busy  I like this place.  Typical Culver's."  let's not even talk about the malts!  OMG  the family that runs is  very hardworking serious about their bussiness and satisfying customers. thanks  this flavor did nothing for it." My only request is that it was a richer butter flavor. The creaminess just wasn't there. However Boring.  I do not feel like I had many piece of the ""drummy.""  It was vanilla ice cream with a couple of pieces of waffle cone.  I should have just gotten vanilla and skipped the frustration." The only knock I could issue against this place is the layout of their parking lot isn't great.  It could get fixed.  If you park on the right-hand side of the lot No. Just say no. The blueberries are REALLY hard and frozen. They are like little flavored icicles.The ice cream part was delicious. It really had a rich cheesecake flavor. I would love to have regular cheesecake custard. It was hard to enjoy because the blueberries were SO hard."  this flavor? Total let down. It was too sweet and did not have a good cream flavor. Making cream flavored ice cream and adding chocolate does not make it Boston Cream. The effort was there but the execution was sad." Culvers CATERS! Yes. This is something many people do not know. Call your nearest Culvers for more information. I've used the catering services twice and both times were fantastic!"  decent food at a decent price. The staff can be friendly depending on the person and the day they're having. All in all just what you need out of fast food." My only complaint which is of no fault of Culver's is the fact there is no left turn arrow on Cottage Grove Road going west onto Lumberman's Trail making getting into Culver's from the east very difficult due to a lot of on coming traffic.  Hopefully in time this will be rectified." Service was friendly and fairly fast. I could not bear to give this less than 2 stars based upon only reviewing one menu item fresh and I have never had a problem. they have  accidently given me extra fries and did not charge.this place has been consistently good and fairly fast for the price it is great!" :| It's not that this place is specifically bad. I think Steak 'n Shake is just not my style. The burgers are too floppy and sad and astoundingly greasy. Shakes are so sweet it hurts. This place could be good if the management got its act together." "This place is sad. From the time we walked in until the time we left I witnessed so many things wrong the health board would shut them down. First a waiter eating a bag of potato chips on duty at the bar talking to 2 girls.  Then the guys cooking the burgers starts talking to them. He puts on one of the girls sunglasses and continues to cook. Then he gives them back and plays with he key chains. Then cooks again. Never washing his hands and never wearing gloves. Then I see our waiter come out of the back eating food as he is getting our drinks  and I can only imagine what goes on with the food preparation.  Save your hard earned money and avoid this Steak 'n Shake at all cost." Server was good but the kitchen sucked. 20 min for a chicken melt and a chilli Mac. Last time I will go to this location. The waitress was rude. Rolled her eyes at us. Kept looking down at us and service was slow. Her attitude was horrid. Do not go. The manager was no help. Ordered a bacon lettuce and tomato sandwich and it had one half strip of bacon on it now that's what I call cheap and poor quality control they don't seem to care about their customers like they used to.  then in a few minutes the food. After another ten minutes asked one of the girls behind the counter if the shake we ordered was ready and she snapped ""they must be making it"". Another ten minutes of several staff members ignoring me and I finally had to walk over to a waiter despite two girls standing with nothing to do behind the counter. There were very few customers and lots of staff "The worker over there is rude!! I was asking for free tasting before I made my decision and when I asked for the third trial This place has the worst service ever. When you have people being served cups of ice cream give them a spoon.  Spoons should be behind the counter not where many hands will touch them...ever hear of sanitation?  Ordered coffee and server was going to add sugar/cream.  That is my coffee and I will add that.  This place is in need of training help.  Another business left to run by people who could care less about the customers and how to serve the product and present themselves.  I can't wait for Jarlings to open:(. Worst place ever! This place isn't my first choice for ice cream around here Other than the lady's being rude that work here the baskin robins shakes are always amazing the workers need to learn how to smile !!  these design-your-own custard creations are akin to Dairy Queen - but better!  The wait in the long line at the stand is worth it.  Choose your custard Custard Cup was my friends and I's place to go in the summers! They have the best tasting Custard around! You can create your own mixture with their large variety of toppings! It kind of reminds you of a Dairy Queen but sooo much better! THE place to go for ice cream/custard/sundaes. The new brownies that they use aren't as good as the old ones though." "A Champaign institution!  I bring all my out-of-town relatives and friends here when they visit during the spring and summer.  It's one of those things that lets you know that summer really is on its way;  when Custard Cup opens up in the spring ....let's just say that he enjoyed the custard a lot... and not continue on with the story..." They only accept cash or check as a form of payment - so save up some pennies and head over to get some of the best custard in town before they are closed for the season! Stock up for the wintertime!"  has caused us to go to all of these places that we know we won't be able to subsitute in our new locale.  custard cup is exactly one of those places.  there is something about the texture and creaminess of this ice cream that makes it almost worth the outrageous prices.  it's amazing how many people will stand in line to pay $3.50 for this tiny cup of ice cream.  i highly recommend the vanilla cold fudge sundae...yum."  you will still get those nostalgic feelings when you stop by here. A+"  and the toppings decadent...a perfect place to go with friends or on a date. I only wish it were closer to campus. I highly recommend the lemon custard." i haven't found anything anywhere to beat that!" I'm definitely dropping by here after I get off the plane."  there is a place called Deter's that puts this to shame in quality of ingredients and price.  Too bad it's 200 miles away.  Luckily my parents still live there!" "Goddamn I miss this place. Cold Stone Creamery has got nothing on Custard Cup. I have so many awesome memories of friends and family gathering here on hot summer days and nights. The only bummer was that it would shut down at the end of the season and we'd have to go without these delicious treats for a whole 6 months. Smart choice on their part. Because as soon as those doors opened at the beginning of each summer "I totally love that you get your custard and then sit out on the picnic tables.  It is as close to ""the good old days"" as it gets anymore.  I really like that you can add banana to anything too!  And I've gotten my kids the Teddy Bear Custard Cup a couple of times  fat fat! =P  If you ever plan on visiting the Urbana/Champaign area (or even if you're not)  start with a Delicious Seaboat(tm) fish sandwich  that make you crave it fortnightly.  Just as well that its a wee bit off campus  but I always set my goal to go there as soon as they opened for the season I think this place is a little overrated. I honestly don't think it is as good as some described it to be. My custard was a little too soft and not creamy at all. I would rather have Culvers. a funny thing about this place is that it closes down in the winter and they sell xmas trees in the parking lot." I love this place.  It's a staple from college and worth a trip here everytime.   It's such great custard...it makes me want to make the sucky drive down 57 right now.  Squall?) and it was admittedly delicious.  Too bad that when I tried to get in the car a burst of wind blew a bunch of melty shit out of the cup and all over my hands.  Now "love it.  i have been comming here with the rents since i was little "One of my favorite establishments in the wonderful city of Champaign.  I cannot tell you how many times I have visited the custard cup during my 5 years @ the U of I.  Favorites: grasshopper and strawberry shortcake snowstorms It's good. But there's so much hype about it that I expected more. Indoor seating would be nice on a hot summer day.  The whole establishment screams of Midwest country homemade ice cream/custard/whatever.  they accept cash and personal check only. No plastic." Tasty time.  I'm gonna go again before the snowstorm becomes a real thing and not just an item on the Jarlings menu."  but I did notice that they have the helmets of every team.  That's cool." ciRNik0_EdguibEypTspFA  they don't accept credit or debit cards  creamy and sweet. But so is the ice cream from anywhere else." Amazing frozen custard. I like to stick to the basics -- vanilla or chocolate on a waffle cone. The stuff is just great.  both recommended by the cashier. They all tasted like regular eggy custard. If I closed my eyes I wouldn't be able to tell them apart. It's also incredibly overpriced at $2-something for a small scoop (or dip Great custard and great service. A Chambana classic. You MUST go! Stop by and savor this treat!!!" Custard Cup is another of my defining childhood spots.  I always have been and always will be a SLAVE to their lemon custard.  YUM!  so not so much for the late night cravings."  I don't remember exactly but just weird names that don't give a clue. I know the regulars must be like geez woman quit shilly shallying and make up your mind already but I need to make sure I don't get any surprise raisins or cinnamon. I definitely would like to try their pies next time also."  but this place is nothing to get worked up over.  Especially considering the price.  After I went I wished I just picked up a pint of Ben and Jerry's instead (not custard  but it you're in the mood for something rich and tasty you will not be dissappointed.  I happen to be a fan of the Snowstorms myself; there are tons of different varieties to choose from.  Also Custard Cup is one of the staples of things to try in Champaign This is the only five star food review I have posted for Champaign-Urbana." I've never had frozen custard until I lived in Champaign. Let me just say that this stuff is amazing!! Prior to this I was a huge fan of Dairy Queen. Jarling's Custard Cup has changed me forever and I miss it greatly now that I'm back in Virginia. I'll never look at DQ the same way again.  and I was told by pretty much everyone that I made the wrong choice. Come here for the lemon custard. I haven't gotten into all of the other complicated choices There's nothing that hits the spot as well as Jarlings." ciRNik0_EdguibEypTspFA S: uper smooth frozen custard!"  the lemon custard is amazing in their banana splits. i would go EVERY DAY." The only downside is cash-only. But there is an ATM in the grocery store across the street cash only. but for this treat i don't mind stopping at the atm beforehand. now stay open all year long!" I highly recommend the strawberry cheesecake with strawberry custard snowstorm" Strawberry shortcake snowstorm was my choice based on my friend's yelp review and it was AMAZING. The portion for was quite large for a small cup too. DEFINITELY going to come back again in my future trips." We were in Champaign for a wedding and stopped here.  Had a couple snowstorms.  Both were excellent.  but not great and certainly not worth the price. The snowstorm was smooth and had a rich peanut butter flavor to it. On the other hand hG8ebKSNCPbrnQjH2-P7OA  and the treat to be just the thing for either a hot summer day or warm summer evening. Bring friends. There's really nothing like sharing an experience like this with friends. That's how I first learned of this place  Jarling's provides an outstanding experience.  The atmosphere here is friendly and welcoming.  The custard also invites you to eat it.   I am not normally a marshmallow or fluff fan I don't get the hype."  right? But it was chocolate done right. Very creamy and chocolaty. My two complaints would be that the chocolate custard seemed to start melting as soon as it hit the cone This is a must-try of Champaign" Best place ever. Loved this place as a kid. One of the few things I miss about Champaign...haha.  it gives me something to look forward to when I visit."  not my thing. I would much rather go for scoops of ""regular"" American-style ice cream  one bad experience won't keep me from returning while I'm visiting my former C-U 'hood.  It has soured the magic for me  seriously. I never feel like it's officially summer until this place is open!" Pretty much hard to go wrong with ANYTHING on the menu here!" Also gotta love the fact that they have a drive-thru! :-)"  I now understand that frozen custard is just a better and tastier version of ice cream. The selection of flavors is impressive and their ice cream cakes are tasty and great for parties. The biggest problems I have with the place is that they don't take credit cards and they are closed for winters. Man  and the Nerds Snowstorm made with strawberry custard is like being caught in a sugary blizzard. Wonderful! And honestly RQ2c-aCWvf3yhhm6wURMBQ  but I need to go start shopping for some bigger pants.. Something with an elastic waist  or that it prefers only bands that are so pure that they haven't yet been formed.  It's Jarling's.  It listens to whatever station comes in best on the AM band in the car and it hopes you brought your appetite because there's a lot of stuff to eat.  It's beyond cool.  It's eternal." Good custard.  They can make about anything.  Service is fast although it's a popular place so there is usually a line. Great custard! Definitely will go again!  and this is on top of the other 100s of items on the menu.  Great service  but maybe it's needed to make the custard stay cold longer.  I'd be happy to use paper and eat faster!  Cash only  I just get a Teddy Cup. It comes with one scoop of custard (you pick the flavor) with 3-4 Teddy Grahams and a cherry. Perfect for kids...or a college student." Minus one for cash only. I hate carrying cash."  and creamy.  Perfect texture.  You can also buy the frozen custard in bulk.  I will get a pint and it will last me for a few days.  Now that I have self-control that is.  Before I could eat the whole thing in one evening and lick the container clean.  You will want to let the frozen custard set for a while before eating So delicious. Lemon custard with cold fudge is a favorite! I am not a big ice cream or frozen custard fan.  I had never been to Jarlings before and I have lived in this area all my life.  I started a new job and was asked if I wanted something from Jarlkings.  Since they were buying I said OK I will try it.  I ordered the special for simplistic sakes.  I surely could not pick one thing out of all the choices they have.  The special was a carmel apple snowstorm and it is fantastic.  I ordered a small but I couldn't finish it so I put it in the freezer and ate it again the next day and I think I liked it a little better the second time because it was frozen more than the first if that makes any sense.  so much hype has built up that I was now thinking it would be a letdown. I took one bite and in a few minutes I am scraping deep into the styrofoam cup. I liked that it tasted like real natural chocolate. All I can say is I also suggest getting a pint or quart to go. It's much cheaper than eating an order there." Take your friends here when it's hot and you'll be guaranteed thanks all night."  but this is the slowest place I have ever been in my entire life.  Honestly.....awful!!!!" Get the Cold Fudge Sundae. Absurd wait time. We waited in a line of ~15 people for 45 minutes. I timed the group in front of us (5 orders). It took the cashier 11 minutes to put together five scoops of friggin' ice cream. No business this inefficient should be around. But obviously the ice cream is good.  but it was the first hot and humid night of the year so they get something of a pass.  So glad that summer is back...."  quite a few tables outside and a really long wait is what you should be prepared for when you visit this place." Best ice cream in Champaign! The banana chocolate chip snowstorm and the oatmeal cookie snowstorm are amazing! & min of $10 for credit cards" It's a mom & pop ice cream place.  What's not to like?  They recently starting taking credit cards so I like them even more now ;-)  and a blueberry milkshake.  The milkshake was amazing!  Definitely worth a stop."  you'll be consuming 3000 calories of pure sugar carbs.  Get the small size and let your taste buds go to heaven."  the only thing that I get or at least go back to) is the vanilla custard with COLD fudge.  HEAVEN in a cup.  'Nuff said." Best ice-cream in Chambana! You just can't beat Jarling's! I love the Cold Fudge Sundae!  so just let it go. They also don't have hot fudge and get fussy if you ask. Luckily the custard is good enough that it eclipses any grievances. When we move away someday  you will definitely find a combination of your choice. They offer a different 'flavor of the week' every week. Of the ones I tried  and I only went here a couple of times. What was I thinking? Skip your  forgettable entrees and come here instead. Delicious!" A Champaign institution and not to be missed!"  coffee/espresso snowstorm or grasshopper (mint chocolate) snowstorm. Everything here tastes divine 15 dollars for our 4 dishes. I'm not sure if I will be getting a snowstorm or a sundae on my next trip If you drive by and there are lines out the door don't turn around - the wait is worth it and not to mention will give you plenty of time to look over the menu." And now I'm craving custard I remember visiting my uncle and going to Jarlings Custard Cup as a child. I'm an adult now and it was just as delicious as I remember! I got the Banana Cream Pie Snowstorm and it tasted better than a blizzard from dairy queen! My other family members got Root beer floats and they said that they tasted delicious as well. "Cute quintessential stop on a hot sunny day after a game of tennis. Luckily it wasn't too hot and sunny so it wasn't crowded. I can imagine the lines can get long because they take care to make each order special. The sweet smell of homemade waffle cone wafts through the air the moment you step inside. They must be doing something right if they've been an establishment for 30 years.  There's also a drive thru for those on the go. The custard single dip is plentiful on a waffle cone. I like how they stuff a marsh mellow at the end of the cone to stop it from dripping.  The strawberry cheesecake  outdoor seating. Short drive off campus." A Champaign-Urbana institution. I've been going here since I was a kid and it's stayed consistent. Tough deciding whether to go with a Snowstorm or just some of the simple flavors in a waffle cone. The pies and ice cream sandwiches are great too. Only give it 4/5 stars because their service is SLOW.  I drank an entire medium cup of coffee while waiting in line to get service.  And I'm a slow coffee-drinker.   The cold fudge shake is so good that it's almost worth the wait It's so delicious! It's great for the summer days definitely."  and floats (i.e. rootbeer floats and other combinations). Lemon custard really hit the spot for me. The lines can be a bit long (and one day they ran out of vanilla custard They also serves some classic items like frozen custard cake I give it 4 stars and not 5 because it is not a great value. You will easily spend $5 for a couple scoop/dips of custard and it is hard to shell out that kind of cash when there is 50 cent soft-serve down the street. Also  but that is because I like to sit out front at the tables in the parking lot. Perfect place to go with friends on a beautiful summer night for a yummy treat!"  check it and yelp it!" Please question the sanity of anyone who doesn't enjoy the hell out of this cool throwback treat shack." "I dig this place! The fact that it's constantly packed every day of the week tells me this place must be doing something right! Tried the snowstorms  and that's super cute! I also love how its a central hubbub for townies during warm summer nights. It's definitely a place to visit  I decided to giv it a shot since they're rather famous in the area. I had a double scoop in a waffle cone of strawberry & mango for jus under $4. Not bad right? Well the scoops were rather small and did I mention I prefer ice cream? Only 3* for decent taste." "This is such a local gem. Everyone from the 217 knows this place as a symbol of their childhood. The crazy lines are part of the experience. Use it as an opportunity to observe the townies Who doesn't love lemon custard?  So refreshing!  And really great in a lemon chiffon snowstorm.  The only negative is the long lines - but still worth it! for the wait  & price.....i'll pass  on this place unless it's empty." It's amazing to me that people are really making comments about the time it takes to get served. It's a popular place  for every 9 you buy you get one free" Cons: no bathroom which meant my 3 year old nephew had to be walked across the (fairly busy) street to pee instead of just going while we waited for the order. This left both him and dad with melted custard when they returned. Also  this place will bring a wonderful cool breeze to your exhausted soul. I personally had a banana split and it was absolutely amazing. I would recommend these icy treats to anyone who is in the mood for a dessert."  but I definitely would recommend it." The service is so slow it's ridiculous.  It can take 20-30 minutes for a cup.  It's an okay product but the service is unbearable. "Jarlings Custard cup.. quite the Urbana Champaign institution it is. And deservedly so. It is only open part of the year  take an unforgettable detour to Jarling's. You can thank me after you have swooned on two large scoops of their vanilla ""custard""  ice creams topped with pecans  the other custard flavors seem to be made with artificial colors and flavors. The key lime tastes like green Skittles Best ice cream place in town.  I love their snow storm. Every time I ordered big one. Sitting outside with it. Life is so good. Only it is a pity that it closes at winter :( "One of my favorite desert palces in town. They have the best custard with soo many toppings to choose from. Though i do not like how pricey it is A nice place to hangout and get something sweet on a warm day. A big selection and the custard is creamy and delicious.  but you didn't get my money because you didn't are enough to earn it.  The service is HORRIBLE because the owner has a ""screw the customer  this is the local flavor. Pick the shortest of three lines. Its old school. Made fresh daily. Worth the wait." "Best custard available in central Illinois. First time there over the weekend and I ordered a Berry Delightful snowstorm. Very refreshing! The lines tend to be out the door but it's generally worth it  the new owners/management have not figured how to run the place. It takes way to long to get through the line. Don't count on it to move as quickly as it has in the past. You'll see more people give up and leave the line than people walk out with custard. The employees don't even appear to be working with even a little bit of urgency. I hope this improves!" The sheer magnitude of customization that this place offers is just mind blowing..the cold fudge Sunday is absolutely the very best and you have to give a try. I visit this place everytime i come to Champaign..perfect place for an evening snack I've been coming to Jarling's for a long time and it never fails. Delicious custard prepared in a huge variety of ways. The line at the front can be confusing but I would stand near the back when you first walk in and then you'll notice several counters where you can place your order and lines form leading up to them. The snowstorm is Jarling's version of a Dairy Queen Blizzard but my favorite thing to get are the sundaes. Be sure to bring cash! There's a $10 minimum for cards and it's hard to reach it since everything is so cheap.  but I have heard that the lines can sometimes be up to an hour long. The only reason that I am not giving this place 5 stars is because the service is kind of slow. There have been times where the person helping me will take a long time getting my custard made "Long waits but they have a drive through so you can tune out with the radio and a/c comfortably. I usually get the lemon custard. So creamy and refreshing! Beats chain store ice cream and has an old school feel  the memories. I have been coming here since the 80's. I probably have hundreds of visits here. I spent nearly all of that decade at Uni here. And I just graduated an offspring as well. No trip to CU is complete without a stop here. Heck  and that is as good a measure as anything." Just go and keep going. There's so much menu to explore and it's all incredible." Pro Tip: Many people go to the window on the very right of the store and the line looks like it is out the door. They think that you have to wait in line and then go to an open window. This is not how it works! There are 3 windows and 3 different lines. In my experience We rode our bikes to Jarling's on a Saturday and I had the smallest serving of a Coffee Chocolate Chip (my FAVORITE 2 flavors!) Snowstorm.  I'm thinkin' that the calories burned on the bike ride were less than the calories accrued with the ice cream!  But it was GOOD!!! Oh the custard is oh so good! Just fantastic! "Love love love. Great custard and very reasonable prices. I will say the wait is ridiculous at times I cannot complain about this place as everyone seems to love it. I think it's really good I just don't think it's the best ice cream on the planet like most people in the area do. The lines are ridiculous although the staff is usually very friendly and the line does move decently quickly.  I'll definitely stop here whenever I come back."  the wait is never as bad as it seems. They lock the doors at exactly 10 pm. Even if you arrive at 10:01 Definitely worth the price - and wait." This is very good frozen custard and the toppings are great as well. I will be back for sure.  not yogurt or ice cream. I'm probably not a fan of custard. But definitely worth a try because its the most famous dessert place in town!"  get your custard fix at one of C-U's paragons.  You can't go wrong." You seriously can't be in the Champaign-Urbana area with out getting some!" Look out for the insane line formation: there are somewhere between 3 and 5 lines and people will cut you if you let them!" Best ice cream place in champaign. Grasshopper with cold fudge= best damn thing I've ever had Everything I've tried from here hit's the spot. I wish they'd stay open year round.  so I may be reprimanded for this rating! I don't get how this is good 'custard'. If custard stands for froyo-ish ice cream then yes it's good. Good texture  Jarling's would really hit the spot on this super hot sunny weekend..... oh wait.... the parking lot is empty....the barricades are up.  Sign in the window says  the customer service by the rude associates took this review down a notch. Awesome custard. Horrible customer service. Kind of like Wal-Mart." It has pretty good ice cream and there are so many options on the menu. The only downside is that it is pretty small and can get really crowded. "The best icecream place in town! Try the coconut "The ""custard"" at this place is good but definitely not the best.  I found their custards to be far too sweet and the serving size to be a bit small for the price.  It's a good place to go to with friends after dinner or a movie but it's not any better than Culver's or Coldstone." This place is only open during the summer." Still tastes delicious as always and I still haven't tried the cold fudge. I always go with 2 dips in a cone. My boyfriend had a brownie snowstorm. We enjoyed our dessert and will be back. ;)" "Jarling's is definitely one of the major highlights of summer time in CU. although ownership has changed recently the custard recipes are still the same which means it is the best around. It isn't ice cream "Every summer brings the heavenly taste of Jarling's to the mortal people of Champiagn. I don't know why I'm writing review for this tasty treat so late. Anyways  can get me in and out in minutes but I have to make a calendar appointment if I want to try Jarling's again."  and strawberry and then they have a flavor of the week. My husband usually gets regular custard (any flavor) in a cone. Our family members have gotten a variety of different snowstorms and are never disappointed. You really can't go wrong here. Check it out!" Anyway...I give it 4 stars...because I had their sugar-free standard flavor (raspeberry) it was tasty. I do like to go there in the afternoon during my workday."  the people are nice and dessert is good.  Stop in for a treat!"  stop by in the afternoon for a sweet treat  not paying much attention to the little nook and crannie shops along the way.  On one of my many visits to Yelp this is a place that caught my interest!   I stopped in on one of my walk breaks.  It appears their flavors rotate and they have several toppings to choose from.  I decided to go for small mix of the Berry Sorbet and Almond White Chocolate (no toppings).  The Berry Sorbet was nice creamy I found this place on my second to last day in Phoenix and I wish I'd come sooner.  I thought it was really affordable and they had some awesome flavors.  I ended up getting caramel while my coworker got banana with strawberries mixed in.  The guy working was really friendly and actually thanked us for stopping by...I can't remember the last time I got such friendly service.  Definitely recommend if you're downtown. Needless to say this made my Monday soooo much better." This is such a great downtown business!  The owners make you feel welcome and remember your name and your preferences.  They even get peanut butter yogurt samples ready when they see our dog walking up - now that is great service! uaAMGh8gMoJD4nLFzNsM-A  but it actually worked so that I wouldn't serve myself too much and wind up throwing yogurt away.  I like how they layer toppings for you and are willing to mix and match." The staff is pleasant and accommodating; very friendly. The atmosphere is pretty typical for a yogurt place and is very clean. The location is ideal for persons with a sweet tooth working in the downtown area." Carrot cake yogurt with granola - yum!  I got a small and should have gotten a mini cup.  The small was more than ample.  Great flavor and topping choices. I have been back a couple of times since my first review.  The yogurt is delicious and they offer a wide variety of flavors and toppings.  The service is very personable and friendly.  This is a downtown gem. "Such a Sweet Little spot - the two folks who helped us were wonderful to offer several flavors and make suggestions. Which is great because I'm indecisive. They put toppings on for you- and they put them in the middle They have a kids size that is the perfect amount." They have different flavors every day." This cute little shop in the heart of downtown Phoenix is the place to go for amazing frozen yogurt! I've been a customer for years and always have had great service and even better yogurt. Would highly recommend.  and  Escamochas (mixed fruit served with coconut and drizzled with sweet condensed milk or sometimes honey and sprinkled with granola or pecans  so...  I still dream about the coffee here  which appear to be made on the premises. the pecan one was great!  I only wish there were more people here.  in the right location in the right city  but as good as it gets for the USofA.  Great paletas."  saving me from a dehydrated afternoon on the mean streets of Tempe.  I'm definitely going back.  I'll report more."  I still have to bring my boyfriend here one of these days so he can try some good Mexican ice cream "Just meh. I went for a diablito because I didnt want to drive to 59th ave  & McDowell. What I got cannot even compare to what I usually get at other places. The ice was like chips and there wasn't cacahuates or all the other mexican candies. I can't speak on any other menu items "Upon reading reviews on raspado ""shaved ice"" my curiosity lead me to this place. Originally was to try the one located in Mesa but was in the west side so decided to try this place. The two raspados I tried were delicious. I had the mango and the gf had the strawberry raspado. Not that sweet but enough to hit the palette. Would recommend this place to anyone that is in the area." Great place. It was exactly what I was looking for and have yet to find a place that makes these treats as well as them. I got the Mango Diablito but they have a variety of stuff to choose from and a nice seating area for you to sit and enjoy your treat with whoever you take or by yourself haha I love everything they serve at this place EXCEPT FOR ONE THING THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE. The ladies that work here should atleast have a smile on their face. Other than that the food is good the place is clean and neat. By far the best place I've been too. I tried everything and it's all good best for me is the escamocha crema it's the best.. Flans good too best place in need for a sweet tooth urge ...  Anytime any season.. Lol kinda pricy tho could simmer down a dollar or two ;)  papers and spoons on the floor. Behind the counter wasn't a pretty picture either. They weren't busy and should have been cleaning. You know what they say...""If there's time to lean  got my change and drove off.  But I started thinking on the way home: could that have been a secret code? For a drug-deal? Or some cool rave party? Damn! I should have said ""YES!"" I could've had some extra fun with my Parfait!  Oh The ugly: The damage those Blizzards are doing to my heart and ass"  but once the window a Hispanic man in his early 20s handed us our amazing shakes and was so friendly.  He was overly kind and made me wish I had gotten his name as we drove away." We went for  soft serve cones on July 11 in the early evening.  The ice cream was smooth and creamy and certainly hit the spot.  What impressed me the most was the friendly staff!  They are awesome. Oh and nice folks and a decent price." Not a lot to say here but I've never had bad service here and the drive thru seems to be always busy so  and efficient. Even thanked us for our business on our way out. My only compliant was the place was a little too small  his favorite.The staff is awesome they work hard and always greet you with a smile!  Very clean restaurant! Great job!"  so I reached for the door and it was locked. I decided to wait 5 minutes in the chair outside and watched an employee walk in and lock the door behind him so I left. Needless to say if your establishment opens at 10:30 then be prepared to open at 10:30. They lost my lunch business for today." zZmhEpiVpRfFQid87-pcOQ zZmhEpiVpRfFQid87-pcOQ My only concern was how well they cleaned the Blizzard machine. Just looked like it needed some cleaning. No one got sick so probably fine too." "I loved DQ as a kid and practically lived there as a teenager.  Fast forward many years and I am now rediscovering the joy of their soft serve.  I am an ice cream fiend and DQ's vanilla cones just seem to hit the spot these days.  Something about the cold "Slowest moving Dairy Queen I have ever been to! Went at 2 and took 20 minutes for my order which was the lunch deal for one not any big order  I am giving this place 1 star because they only have vanilla soft serve.... Why not chocolate?! I find this very strange and annoying.  OWN that summer job! Lol" The line was long but did move quickly.  We can cones and then tried the new Apple blizzard and the pumpkin blizzards.  They were both outstanding and reasonably priced . It is too bad that they do not serve both of these choices after december  and maybe even pay with cash cuz last time I checked the 8 and the 10 weren't ""next to each other"" on a keyboard and I am not sure there's a plausible excuse for this accidentally happening. I am thinking that that employee thinks he's running some kind of scam where he skims a couple bucks off every credit card transaction and pockets the extra money at the end of the day and that's some bullsh*t. I will be contacting the store directly tomorrow to voice my concerns with their manager although maybe he or she's in on it too. Might be best to avoid this location unless you're actually wanting give your money away to dishonest people." I am disgusted with the restaurant!!! Let's see... cater to kids and tell my 5 year old grandson to cross a seriously busy street (Central Ave.) to use the bathroom at a Boston Market.  How about this Dairy Queen... Get a F'ing bathroom for your patrons!!!!  It is pitiful you can't even wash your hands before you eat - that leaves us with the question what your employees do when they need to wash or use the restroom while preparing patron's food. Waiting a while for my Sunday but it's well worth it I would recommend the strawberry cheese quake blizzard It was a rather warm day so an ice cream cone on the run provided a cooldown.  Thanks I would be very truly upset if that were the case." Be prepared to be upset it is gone has been for several years now.  I would have enjoyed buying a tub of the same thing for the same price. And the rest of the family got what they wanted except for the one doing the treatng! Grrrrr..." However for the $6 I spent on a medium scoop with mix-ins I am not impressed. The coupons given to me I will pass along to some friends' kids who may or may not ever use them." Their cake batter flavor is good. Look in the Sunday paper for 2 for $6 offers. Only one sentence needed:  Best strawberry shakes.  I work with some ladies who while lovely have much more discerning taste and that is where Cold Stone comes to my rescue. Their Ice Cream cakes really are good so whenever there is a birthday or special occasion at work  aside from the pretty decent selection of toppings. I'll probably still stick with one of the frozen yogurt places out there - slightly less unhealthy I just didn't feel welcome. It was a small place and that's no problem but I just was never comfortable here. Well they where out of the large cups for shakes. So I got a medium and they still charged me for a large. The service and the shake where both mediocre at best. I will never go back to a cold stone again. Try churn on central at least when you hustled there you get good quality ice cream :-) lol "The customer service at this location is ALWAYS on point. There is one guy in particular (must learn name on next visit) who is always so nice and entertaining. They were out of kit kat tonight (first time that's ever happened) I guess the service is only nice with select employees at that store." This store is now out of chances with me." Never disappointed by the icecream and flavors I can add. Whether I want chocolate with more chocolate or something random. Great place.  unsure of what I wanted. The guy at Cold Stone gifted me the ice cream I picked! I was shocked! It absolutely made my day. The ice cream was delicious. I'll be back!" "I do wish the guy working the stone could have been more attentive to me and not so distracted by the 2 people behind me. Didn't get offered a waffle although I did want one  instead of being a good experience it totally suck... The guy that attended me was rude  he will roll his eyes every time I would talk to him. He didn't even greet us or smile like if  he was miserable to be there.... I will NEVER go to this place again &&& FYI DO NOT EAT OUT SIDE IT SMELLS LIKE TRASH!!!" "Employees here don't seem to care. I immediately noticed upon walking in that their dining area needed a lot of TLC. There were 2 young kids working at the time. Neither of them seemed to want to help me. I had some questions  I called the store back and spoke with Josh at this location and help apologized for the staff member's behavior and said he would be contacting the owner immediately after the phone call to resolve the issue with this particular staff member." Rum Raisin!! ....'Nuf said!!!  ;-) Large Hot Coffee for only $1" I could go on and on...lolz."  especially in the summer. This one was being slammed with one person behind the counter. We were served in good time Mojo is wonderful but my FAV yogurt is Haagen Daz at the biltmore. But they only have 2 flavors: sugar free chocolate and vanilla. Thank god their chocolates are terrible because I have no willpower and since I live across the street: I would gain 10 pounds a week if their chocolates were as good as their ice cream and yogurt!!  I like getting my Haagen Dazs not out of a carton in the grocery store." It's expensive but it's sure delicious Great place to just go for desserts.  I would suggest you inform your employee he should endeavor to adjust his attitude towards paying customers if he intends to continue working with the public. Honestly I'm not sure what to make of the attached ""KC Fine Belgian Chocolates"" shop/case though..."  I'd much rather drive the extra 20 minutes and go to Ice Tango!"  the Baskin Robbins on 40th Street and Camelback has a great Tuesday night deal.  Kids scoops for  $1 and adults $1.50!  It is a great neighborhood business  kids always friendly and nice."  chocolate or vanilla cake and the cakes range from the smallest being around $16 to around $40 for the largest. This includes the decoration. Am I the only remaining person who makes it a point to order an ice cream cake for a special occasion? Maybe You will never go here and not want anything. They have just about any flavor you could want. They even have the best dairy free ice creams.  was kind to the kids and was clearly working his tail off.  Management of this store should realize that they are losing business based on the appearance of the store and how the store appears to be managed.  But thank you to  the staff for grace under pressure."  but I can't go to BR without getting their cookies and cream on a sugar cone.  There are so many other flavors there that are also quite tasty but I feel like I'm betraying cookies and cream if I try something else."  but it seems as though it would be a small one for loyal customers. I think the company as a whole should accept a coupon or have a way of notifying people when they search for locations near them."  this store is a continuous disappointment.  We went on a Saturday night and there was only 1 young woman working there.  I felt bad for her as she was truly working hard to get orders out to the line.  They've ""updated"" the store but it doesn't seem any better I went to this location on 8/31 during their $1.31 scoop event and I have to say it was the worst experience I've ever had. There was a line out the door with only one employee working. It took over an hour to get a scoop of of Ice Cream and by the time I went to pay it was melted due to the long wait and lack of air conditioning. I will not be going back to this location anytime soon.  they always have just one worker trying to service all the kids that just got out of school. Good ice cream but takes forever to actually get it." Thank goodness we were only getting an ice cream cake." I would stay away unless you like to be insulted by teenage girls "This used to be our favorite store for birthday cakes and I have bought DOZENS of ice cream cakes there. My last customer service experience was horrible. On the day my order was to be delivered I received a call letting me know they did not have the supplies to make our cake! After trying to offer helpful suggestions like ""can you get sugar cones from another store???"" I asked for a manager and was told there was not one available and he doesn't talk to customers anyway. I will never go to this store again. Which is too bad. Some poor entrepreneur  is about to learn a painful lesson about hiring bad management." "I would not even give this store 1 star.  The store is dirty and is often out of most flavors.  Worse than this they pay their employees with checks that bounce. When the teenage employee asked how he will get paid since his check bounced he was told ""try depositing it again later or just call the state"".  This is no way to treat employees. The owner does not care about his employees or customers.  It is such a shame because kids love getting ice cream.  They are in a great location for Arcadia families.  Horrible customer service  health code violating shack of germs. But he also is running a sweatshop allowing children to work without pay. SHAME ON YOU! Pay your employees and clean that place up. He refuses to pay an employee who worked and told her to file a complaint with the dept of labor. What a joke of a business man."  they had the same flavors that everyone else has.  I don't know that I would make a trip to come back but I might if I was in the area and craving ice cream." http://www.azfamily.com/story/30493630/teen-says-she-was-scooped-out-of-pay?autostart=true" http://www.azfamily.com/story/30493630/teen-says-she-was-scooped-out-of-pay?autostart=true" Seriously only 4 flavors?!?!?  Isn't it 31 flavors in their name???  Ohhhhhh myyyyyy!!  Why are they even open? Seriously only 4 flavors?!?!?  Isn't it 31 flavors in their name???  Ohhhhhh myyyyyy!!  Very limited in stock.  This time was the worst!!" "How can you be in business and pay so little attention to customers? Anything can go wrong but make no effort to speak with customers and soon you have none. Former customer  they've been out of most of the flavors of the pre packs. Each time they've been out of mint n chip. I've asked the employees when they expect to get it in I settles for something else. Not cool....."  there were too many option. All good though. Customer service was great and very friendly. Have not had the chance to visit many of these ice cream shops  it doesn't seem that the employees really like their job at all. I ALWAYS get the world class chocolate and it is still just as tasty as ever but the fact that 1 scoop in a small  none of us got what we wanted. They were out of a lot of flavors and  many of the containers in the freezer were empty. The two kids behind the counter seemed preoccupied with their own conversation. I was asked for my order only after their 2 minute convo ended. The way I was asked was by the young man looking at me and saying ""yeah?"". I asked if he meant ""how may I help you?"" I then asked him for 3 scoops  there is only one employee (during the day or nighttime). There is always a strange odor near the back of the building. Smells like piss but my husband thinks it smells like something soggy." Don't waste your money on this location it is the absolute Worst Baskin Robbins in AZ to get ice cream.  we needed this break." Bertos makes the best gelato this side of Italy.  Scrumptious in all flavors.  It's available at AJs and Sprouts.  Berto!  Can't wait for summer and Mesquite Grilled Cantalope gelato!  I'll be  patiently waiting for you at Central Market!" "This by far is the best gelato around including that other place called GS. I think if I could eat the pistachio gelato and the Spamoni gelato every day If you love gelato DON't ever go to this place. It's the most unhygienic and nastiest tasting. The guys serving was very friendly yet slow. It's convenient.  And with Carvel closed down in the area Dang! Guess I won't be getting one of those again for a while. (Which is probably a good thing.)" My favorite is their oreo blizzards! That's what I usually get although their strawberry cheesequake blizzard and hawaiian blizzard is also yummy!" This Dairy Queen would have five stars if it was located closer to home. The cookie dough blizzard will always be a favorite! Not in the best shape compared to the Dunkin Donuts next door. The blizzards are superb as always. They have never been out of cookie dough. That bodes well for them in my book.   it was packed inside! Got a club type grilled sandwich. My bacon was spicy. ....which was odd. Their French fries aren't my favorite style. Overall for fast food Worst service! Ordered a hot fudge banana shake and instead got a Sunday. Instead of being nice about it the girl told me I ordered it wrong but she would remake it for me.  the blizzards bring back memories "This location is convenient and that is why I gave it 1 star. Honestly every time I go here my order is wrong. I have come to the point where I make them repeat it back to me and they still mess the order up. I've even Gone to the point at the window to ask them if my order is correct they say ""yes of course"" I will get it and check it and it's wrong. I understand it gets busy but that doesn't mean serve your customer whatever the hell you want. I have allergies to foods and if it wasn't for me checking everything I eat DQ may have landed me in the ER more then once." It is great.. nothing else makes me as happy as this." "The Banana Cream Pie Blizzard has been discontinued. That and the Coke Freeze were the only reasons why I ever came to Dairy Queen frequently. I don't know what they were thinking when throwing out the Banana Cream Pie flavor from the Blizzard flavors  they have lowered their standards over the years... Or maybe it's just this particular location. They really can't go wrong with getting a blizzard It's a dairy queen. Nothing really good or bad to say about it.  and has been on dozens of occasions- I went through the drive thru and when I got home realized my order was wrong. I called and the manager told me I would have a free meal the next time I came in "I really wish i could give this a better review but they closed 20 minutes before they were supposesd to and on top of it everyone was extremely rude. Never again "These guys are so extremely polite! So eager to service. The food is delicious and fast! First time actually eating inside a Dairy Queen Never coming back here again! Got charged 167 dollars for a meal that was 16 dollars. Had to call the bank since my account got overdrawn and didn't even get an apology. I used to come here all the time but they definitely lost my business for good. Getting charged for ranch when it comes with your meal is ridiculous. Who orders chicken strip dry? Also the people there are rude. "I will pick soft serve over hard ice cream any day so I really like Dairy Queen. I usually go for a vanilla cone....sometimes with sprinkles...or if I am really treating myself I get the pecan mudslide. I don't see it on the menu anymore but the people here are always happy to make it. I am not impressed with the interior of this place so I always use the drive thru so I don't have to think about it. Sometimes you order  the floors are even worse! And the smell.. I can't even describe. I don't know how an owner/manager can let a place be so horrible." "Cookie dough blizzards & mint Dilly bars Dilly bar. Say it with me. Dilly bar. Great prices and fresh food ... Good place with cheap tasty food.  so I'm only reviewing this portion of service. They are always friendly and quick to get our ice cream orders. We've never ordered food The location was clean inside and the staff was mostly young Been through the drive-through a few times. Never any errors and they're always friendly!  I love it dipped in chocolate!  The blizzards always have a lot of toppings- no skimping at this location.  The hunny and I like the Reese peanut butter cup blizzard or the Oreo blizzard.  One time we accidentally got the wrong order and tried the fudge brownie cheesecake blizzard with extra fudge on the side and we thought it was a little too rich.  We still ate the whole thing  friendly & efficient... Never a complaint here. The staff seem to all be interested in doing a great job. Food is always hot and or cold where applicable... They all seem genuine in wanting to work here..." "When I need a sweet treat I go through this drive thru for a blizzard. I hate to admit it but I've tried multiple varieties of blizzard flavors Today we go back for dessert again. Went through the drive thru and they got our orders all wrong. Not even close. We went back through the drive thru to try and correct the order. They STILL got it wrong. I don't know what the issue is at this Dairy Queen but I won't be back." "Every single time I come to this location the blizzards are completely melted. Most of the time they don't flip it upside down to show that it is frozen and thick like they're supposed to  he wanted two different items in it and cashier kept looking at me. Another employee had to come and figure out the problem. The time we went quite a few tables had not been cleaned. We found one of the more clean tables. The good thing is my kids enjoyed eating their ice cream and that was the reason for going. They were happy so overall it was worth going."  clean! Manager and staff are friendly. Good food and desserts! They have coupons" Our ice cream was melted by the time we got home and we only live about 3 minutes away. I had to eat my peanut butter bash in a bowl because it was so messy. It was still really good though! "Only come for the blizzards. Service is always awful. Wish DQ could get their act together. Really want to like and enjoy coming here "Came here to get a cake for a birthday. We waited thirty minutes to get somebody to write ""happy birthday"" on it. The girl came back out and said the staff messed up our cake. And that they did a terrible job and it looked like a two year olds handwriting. She then looked in the freezer and there was no more of the cake we wanted. She said she was going to go and try to fix the bad writing. She was laughing about it the whole time and I didn't find that funny. If she couldn't get the writing on it in the first place We called to tell them and they said we could come back for a new one but by that point we were grossed out and didn't want to wait in another 15 minute line." TCBY used to be THE Mall treat for the young and fun.  Now it seems to be more frozen custard or those dipping dots. I suppose they each have their fun cool factor.  But there isn't much better than when you hit TCBY on a day when you can get Chocolate and mint or Chocolate and peanut butter swirled together - you just have to get it.  And while I know everyone gives out free samples - theirs are pretty good sized.  Get 3 or 4 of those and you might be able to fill your craving with buying a smaller size." I don't have much of a sweet tooth so that may be why I prefer frozen yogurt to ice cream. TCBY has some awesome fro-yo flavors including a mint flavor which I tried at this location. Usually I stick to swirl or chocolate. This location is a little hidden but you will find it near the blockbuster. They usually offer a tasty new flavor of the week which is out there and yummy!" Owners are very nice. Place is clean. Way cheaper than water delivery. My kids like to go get Thrifty ice cream here. We come here to get alkaline water. Always tastes great. They also have various flavors of Thrifty ice cream for ice cream lovers. Inexpensive place to get your Chocolate Malted Crunch Thrifty Ice Cream fix.  Wish it was open later and on Sundays.  I didn't find the staff to be particularly friendly.  And that was before the chocolate shaving incident.  Would return if I'm in the neighborhood I usually get sweet cream and butterfingers in it.  Very good!" Coldstone Rules! I love ice cream and enjoy the large variety of choices in my area! However I always find myself coming back to this location! The staff is always friendly and eager to help. I always leave with a delicious treat and a smile on my face! Thank you for your product and your customer service. Bravo!!!  I took away 2 stars. I still love their ice-cream though (dammit)." "Nothing much to be said about this establishment that you don't already know or that you have read about or that you have experienced. However with that being said let me just say if you have not had the banana ice cream with real fresh bananas I am not giving them 5 stars because this location does not give the frequent customer cards "Now for those of you who didn't know this location had closed for awhile....but now it is back open. It is still serving the awesome BANANA ice cream I talked about in my original review. I don't see that any real changes took place....maybe it was a health code issue.....or maybe it was financial......no one really knows. However it is back and I am personally glad to see it. Eat "Whoever invented ice cream was a genius! This place is great. Lots to choose from or make your own. The ""sundaes"" taste great. After being closed for a year The staff argues with the customer about bad tasting ice cream. When I asked for a replacement it was an argument an all I wanted was it switched out. I wasn't trying to get anything free. "It get the second star for the inconsistently nice service. I find Cold Stone Creamery's ice cream to be too sweet and overpriced. Whenever I order a milkshake there is way too much milk. I ask for less  but no one supervises the international employees to make sure they're making the ice cream right. Bad customer service and worse management." Thanks for the great service(:"  apologizing for the wait and giving the best customer service he could without the help of the other 2 working. They clearly heard everything that was going on but ignored it. I love cold stone so we will be back. But I felt bad for Luke. He was a hard worker and all the employees should care like him. I gave the review and stars for him. They clearly need better staff and managers that care about customer service. Especially when they are just waiting to pay for their ice cream for 10 mins being ignored. Thanks for the effort Luke." I'm glad to find a Cold Stone store. This is a small store with a small selection of ice creams. There is a nice parking lot with ample parking. There were two women working at the counter doing a good job taking care of customers. Will come back to this location again that is located across the street from Paradise Valley Mall" "So my boyfriend and I used to go here all the time. We used to love getting good service and great frozen treats here. The ice cream is fine however the service has really gone downhill. The last couple times we have gone here the employees have been rude  and smiling and ready to assist me. Ive been working my way through the flavour wheel and its partly because of the taste but like i said its always nice to go in there just to chat. The fact that the ice cream is A1 is a bonus!! Keep it up Cold Stone"  for an enjoyable Ice-Cream Out treat." 80 calories for 1 kid size scoop."  all the Hanson brothers are married :(" "Not a huge fan of Baskin-Robbins.....but they do have a decent deals during the week but only during certain hours. The place is nothing special and the seating area along with the tables are always in disarray. I hear this establishment has been around for many years but this one is very small....outdated....and a bit messy. Some renovations might improve it....but for the most part I would go elsewhere for Ice Cream. Eat  they choose to clean the soft ice cream machine on Monday which means you can't get any on that day. Even though I didn't walk in until 8pm and they clean it in the morning. Doesn't sound like a good business decision to me so until that is resolved  but the most recent visit was for my son to claim his free birthday ice cream.  He chose the mint chocolate chip which he devoured in 5 minutes.  I ordered the cookies and cream which is always my favorite!  The service here was nice and they didn't mind at all when my son was being indecisive at first and wanted to try 3 other flavors before settling on his mint chocolate chip. We'd definitely come back."  clean shop with very nice staff. I grew up on Baskin-Robbins; I feel like a little kid whenever I get a scoop of their ice cream (especially chocolate chip). If I'm in the area again I'll definitely stop in." Best place to get ice cream cakes. This location has a much better variety in both size and flavors than many of the other Baskin Robbins locations. The owner is typically in the store and always very nice and accommodating.  but ice cream in general makes up for everything...You can never go wrong with Peanut-Butter & Chocolate ice cream!! I think that is all I have to say about this! :)" Very friendly staff.  We had chocolate malt and half chocolate/Jamaica shake.  Both were delish. We had a valid coupon and they would not honor it because they could enter it in the register. They should not put out coupons if they aren't going to honor them. I will not go back  to this location again! Btw...I used to never eat ice cream. But since having a baby I can't get enough of it. I won't be getting my fix from any BRs that's for sure!"  I saw her glare at him repeatedly and became upset with his questions. She grimaced and announced she was the owner.  Few things in life that remain consistent over time  but it feels like they are very timid and second guessing every little action. The ice-cream is what one would expect from Baskin Robbins." "This establishment is one of the best ice cream joints I've ever been to. Excellent service and wonderful chocolate ice cream. I went in earlier today 