"Went here last night to meet folks for a friend's birthday party. Docking one star due to a few unfortunate things that happened  the food was decent overall - I had a plain ol' burger and a delicious berry sangria - and the place overall had a nice vibe to it and was pretty comfortable and fun to be in...you'd think this would just be another average place not-great-but-not-bad and I'd be ready to go on to the next review right there.  and I really don't plan to change that any time soon. I've eaten here and stopped in for drinks a couple times over the years and I just haven't been super impressed by the place. "A T.G.I. Friday's is a T.G.I. Friday's. You either like it or hate it. This location is pretty standard; it has the expected mash-up of decorations around the walls that try to give the place a laid-back lounge feel and there's nothing outstanding about the menu or what they offer food wise (and like other Friday's Honestly I wasn't expecting to eat here any time soon; I had called a few days before eating here while planning a day out with friends and asked about reservations for a large group (as it says on the T.G.I. Friday's website that it's ideal to call ahead when you have a large party). However  I had the chance to return for a second time. And I have to say that I am officially a die-hard Casbah fan. "I ordered lunch from Ron's Pizza Palace after a staff member of theirs visited my work's building to promote Ron's to nearby businesses. The staff member gave us all a menu and mentioned a discount we could use for the day  I'd gotten that info when I ordered. But what in the world did he plan on doing if I hadn't calculated my payment in advance? Would I have had to call in to sort out their staff's mistake? Would I have just handed the guy a random amount of money and waved him off? I have no idea. "Let's be honest: taking our pets to the vet for anything other than a routine check-up can be nerve-wracking. Going to the right vet's office can really help with that anxiety "How have I not written a review for this place yet? I LOVE Bado's. It's right down the street from one of my old schools "I love this Bruegger's! It's like the others in the chain so you probably either like their food or you don't. (But who doesn't like bagels?) But I find this particular Bruegger's to be exceptional. The staff is always kind and attentive  it finally happened: I had to give a place a single star. And it kills me that the place I gave it to had to be Primanti's. I'm an awful Pittsburgher.  the single star was only earned because the place is cleaner and more comfy than some of the other Primanti places I've been too. It kind of has an old diner feeling to it and I liked that.  that's all I liked.  why such a low score? Well: "Looks like it's time to update another review of mine. I once said I had never had a bad experience at this place. Buuuut things have gone downhill a little at the Warehouse since then  even though I remember seeing open tables during my wait. This isn't to say that the staff didn't do the best they could during that night - in fact the poor girl who handled my table was very clearly doing her best to rush from table to table without dropping anything. And a manager even came out to apologize and bring me drinks because our poor waitress was handling so many tables. So they definitely earned some goodwill back with that. "I love Klavon's. I love Klavon's so much that I've been known to stop in for a tasty treat here even on the chilliest of Pittsburgh winter nights. And it takes some darn good ice cream to get me to overcome my aversion to the cold during that season No effing way. I have no confidence in a business (I am still with State Farm and understand that no one office can exemplify a whole company) that operates like this. NONE. period. AND I am so glad to be rid of them! I do not recommend that anyone goes here if they want their insurance to actually cover what they think it covers!!! How scary is it to find out that your deductibles and coverages aren't what you agreed to?? What if I had gotten into a wreck?"  Virginia in late-2010. Shortly thereafter I arrived at Grace Robinson's State Farm office on Baum Boulevard to switch coverage from Nationwide Insurance upon receiving a promotional flyer for her office in my mailbox and seeing that she was very close to my  home. Thus far I couldn't possibly be any more satisfied with Grace's staff  was extremely helpful and informative. I was able to clearly understand what my options are and identify the best avenue to take for myself. I recommend Brandon and State Farm for all of your insurance needs. - Amber"  Getaway Cafe kind of fell off of my radar around the time that I wrote my original review for them. I've only come to Getaway two times since then. "I had lived in Oakland for so long as a student that I kind of forgot that Mineo's was still around; I'm ashamed that I did. This was one of my favorite places as a child - I distinctly remember being brought here for fresh pizza and for the chocolate cake slices they used to serve. Now instead of it being the place my parents would buy a tasty treat from  not just locally but nationally as well. Their burnt almond torte desserts in particular receive a lot of well deserved attention.  due to the number of people who visit Shadyside (a neighborhood with very limited parking). So when I was in the area this weekend I absolutely had to stop in and take advantage of the fact that I was nearby. After walking in I thought I was in heaven - the smell of the baked goods was just soooo good! The place was pretty hopping so I was able to browse and see what was available while waiting for my number to be called; during the wait I watched fresh muffins "I feel like the best description for this store is ""knick knack heaven."" The variety of stuff that you can browse through during a visit here is pretty cool  I felt relaxed and unintimidated. I chose to visit State Farm knowing they were the best and kicking myself for even giving Progressive my time of day. State Farm saved me SO MUCH MONEY in comparison. It was uncanny. The education and detail I recieved from my extremely proffesional non-intimidating knowledgable agent was an awakening. Jason Mallon took the time to explain things to me  "After being a customer of Jack's for over 40 yrs i am moving on to another Local State Farm agent.  I asked questions aboutmy roadside assistance(I was broken down at my residence) and basically what his office staff said t me is dont bother us with your questions or concerns call the number on the back of your card.  I have roadside coverage and come to find out they wanted to cut me off after an 11 mile tow and wouldnt pay for 5 more miles where i do all my servicing.  Anyway i am in the process of calling the # and his receptionist calls me to ask if i am having any problems or questions  and educated us to the entire process.  We could tell that he cared more about us then he did his commission. He responded to my phone calls and emails very quickly and put any concerns I had to rest.  He has continued to answer questions even after I have been on the plan.  I am also pleased with the plan he recommended.  He shopped numerous health insurance providers and led us to the best plan for us.  I would recommend him to anyone." "Bill took his time and thoroughly explained all the details needed to help me make an informed decision as to which plan was best for me. Wonderful service  it took no more than a half hour and I feel confident that I was talking to someone that cared about me and was knowledgeable. I highly recommend using Focus Benefits for insurance." Incredible knowledge in the medical and life/disability industry. Great financial consultant to business and corporations. So far the best insurance prices compare to other companies.  They are friendly and very knowledgeable and will not try to get your businesses by lying to you and trying to say nice thing to get you sign-up.  Check them out if you are in the markets of researching for better quality insurance company. Your personal business is none of my concern either so I'm not sure why you are telling me. My posts are in NO way inaccurate and the fact that no one from your office can contact me is ridiculous. I cannot believe that if we were behind I would get no letter email or phone call telling me so. And I can also sense your attitude in this message and it is unappreciated. Know that had any information been properly explained by your office this all could have been avoided. I cannot wait for you to ""follow up with me next week"" Do you drive around not know if your vehicle is insured? Is that a risk you are suggesting I take? Out of respect for me your client of 27 years which obviously means nothing to you I truly recommend that you go to Heather and just talk to her about options.  She and her team will be honest about what they can do for you They were friendly and helpful.  We had just moved to town and were able to set up our AAA accounts and do our title & registration for the car.  We even walked out with a license plate!  a new driver would be covered- just in case. And boy have we gotten our money out of our membership! Plus I love getting the movie tickest cheaper there!"  I arrived at 2:00 but no one was there.  I needed to wait until 2:30 before seeing someone because the person who handles car registrations was late to return from lunch and someone else called in sick.  If someone calls in sick  but I found my way to the Greenway location and had a very nice experience! The girl at the front happily helped me renew my membership and update my information. She also gave me a free North America Atlas (score) and a list of all the discounts and benefits for a Triple A membership. It was a very friendly and seamless experience and I will definitely return until a location opens up closer to me!"  anytime I've used roadside assistance it's always been a great customer service experience and prompt arrival of the technician."  no fuss. So much nicer than the Arizona  MVD Zoo.  Don't mind paying a little for the extra service." I have been a member of AAA since I first left home after college. That's too many decades to list! I'm a Premier member and the extra perks and benefits are well worth it. From the discounts at the AAA travel shop to fees being waived for vehicle services  and in a matter of minutes everything was handled smoothly. All of my dealings with AAA have been excellent from battery service to obtaining an international drivers license!"  get a license plate and buy car insurance.  The employees were extremely helpful and friendly.  Latanya in VTR suggested I title the vehicle differently since I was putting it in my trust.  Very helpful.  Rita in insurance saved me more on the premium than I was anticipating.  Very nice waiting area also.  Membership does have it's rewards!!"  they informed me I was qualified for a 3 month temp. license.  No service charge.  The 90 day permit gave me breathing room to get my out of state vehicle title copy in.  Great service." "Great service for car titles. They even printed a replacement title for my car so I could sell it. All title etc places charge a fee that's not as cheap as you'd think. But it's close and fast. Don't have to be a member either (not sure if it's cheaper for members). Very nice people I stopped by the Paradise Valley AAA office yesterday and had a great time with Kathy getting airline tickets to Cayman Brac for a SCUBA diving vaction that is coming up. Great service friendly people. As good as it gets. We don't look forward to car problems again "Annette Prewitt is great.  She's organized vBRJWnMaAqUyZ1CbwnJXLQ "We are traveling out of country some time soon and needed international drivers' licenses.  AAA AZ was great - we were able to download the applications on line so that we could walk in with them ready. The agent took our photos We were surprised at the services offered.  Plus everyone was very pleasant.  We picked up a trip tix and they gave us the maps and books. We waited a little while but not unreasonable.  we were greeted promptly by friendly front desk staff and they asked quick non-intrusive questions to make sure they got us to the right place.  After a brief 5 minute wait Just a great AAA offering that I was very happy to have."  is that on my way out I told the receptionist that I had someone who must have had a bad day I visited here for the first time to get my car title transfered into my Trust. They were very helped and made the process so easy. The woman who helped me even took the paper work out to the car so that my handicapped wife would not have to get out. Thank you for being s considerate. I will be back for other services.  have had AAA for 12 years and have never had to use them. Today I called. Our 2005 Ford F150 truck has a dead battery. Husband had chemotherapy this afternoon and is in no shape to change a battery. Battery is DEAD and needs to be replaced. Guess what I would like to update this review in all fairness. I received a phone call from AAA a few days later as I also wrote to them describing the above incident. Krista left 2 messages and apologized for what happened and went above and beyond in compensation. I can only assume the rep we spoke with initially was not familiar with what batteries fit which commonly USA made trucks!  Nevertheless  along with an ATV (toy for my husband). We had family coming to stay at the cabin over the weekend and were in a hurry to get the ATV licensed so that we could use it. My husband suggested I take the title to AAA "Been a member of AAA Arizona and was planning a trip of the four corners region and afraid to depend on my GPS in that remote area...then I thought old school maps! Sure enough  Annette Prewitt. She has been everywhere and she knows all the best spots to see and the places to avoid. It's always a pleasure spending time with her." vBRJWnMaAqUyZ1CbwnJXLQ  the office is great. The two young ladies that handle the DMV stuff are awesome and make long dreary tasks easy. Friendly "We went to AAA on Greenway yesterday to take care of some MVD biz...we were helped by LaTanya who was amazing. She not only took care of what we needed but also suggested a couple of items we overlooked Shelly did an  amazing job helping plan a two day trip in AZ.  She had great suggestions and offered to help in ways I did not think of. This is not the first time AAA has been valuable.  We also have been helped by Annette who does an incredible job planning and working on details.  he already had two cars for me to see and test drive. Great service! I wanted to look at a luxury car so he went to the dealership with me. WOW.....what a difference to have him with me rather than going in alone. We test drove a car there too.  Back at the office  homeowners and recieved some more coverage at the same time. Thank you "The entire transaction of providing title took 5 minutes. Very friendly I received a call from Amanda to day and Triple A is going to see what they can reimburse me.  They are also going to cover the difference in the Plus and Classic when the renewal comes up.  Pretty fair compromise if I get reimbursed.  The sticking point and Amanda has a point is that they only promise to bring the car back.  While that is technically correct  professional and efficient at her job. Have been a faithful AAA member for decades  arrived at my house within 15 minutes. Keith was very friendly and handled the situation quickly and professionally. I ended up being able to get my spare key reprogrammed to my car "The staff was helpful in finding items for our upcoming trip to Europe.  I only wish I would have been offered some maps  but only used my membership for the car service calls up until a few years ago when I discovered many more reasons to use the membership perks.  I have used the DMV services regularly and haven't had to go to the DMV since.  LOVE it.  The people are helpful and really take the time to explain what needs to be done.  Then about 2 years ago I made the decision to take my first international trip.  I had the pleasure of getting set up with Annette as my travel planner and I can't begin to express how knowledgeable and helpful she has been.  Her tips * I accidently posted this on the auto repair shop location." The lady at AAA was very helpful. In fact I have never had an issue with anyone there. Chaun and Howard Hill" She pointed out to me the ""must see"" places  in my travels 