It is a shame after so many years to have to start over with a new doctor due to the office staff alone-      future clientele beware"  addresses all my needs and makes sure my medications are up to date. If there appears to be anything questionable or suspicious then she will send me to the appropriate place for further testing. So far I've been pleased with the services they offer as well as being convenient to home." Take the good with the bad.  A great doctor who will listen and take the time to get to know you personally...and the less than helpful staff."  professional.  And his Medical Assistant Kara is the perfect compliment.  Staff always helpful and considerate..."  he is the first one to make that recommendation.  There is no ""ego"" involved.  I think the most telling thing I can share with you is a memory of something that happened in his waiting room when I happened to be there - many years ago.  The waiting room was full.  He was running late.  Suddenly the door opened  so I highly recommend giving this office a call if you're ""apple a day"" isn't enough to keep the doctor away!"  but when people are going to the doctor which can be emotional for some people depending on what's going on  understanding staff coupled with incredibly smart doctors. They make you want to be a better patient. I look forward to my follow-up visit.  Who ever says they like going to the doctor's office.  I do now!  I feel like my life is in good hands with Dr. Tamara Lieberman." Literally my whole family goes to see her so absolutely we would recommend her to those closest to us." Office is pleasant and organized. Great experience with new doc - Dr. Joshua Millstein. He took the time to listen and explain things. I love Dr. Millstein! He is the best! He is very kind and compassionate. When I'm sick and feel vulnerable and upset it helps to know that I'm in good hands with my doctor. The ladies at the front are very sweet as well. Dr. Joshua Millstein is AMAZING! He is a wonderful doctor and a kind man. He is the kind of doctor that legitimately cares. If you want a great doctor he is the one!  he actually listens to what you have to say.  He follows up on his patient's. He saved my husband's life. If it were not for Dr Millstein _SZwP-ddcBpw7aZsCQKSww please contact me! Lawyers too! This man must account for his actions and inactions and must be stopped!"  please help me (and all of us affected)!" Always late!! Have never had an appt that I did not wait for over an hour. They have wasted my time for the last time.  you will have to call multiple times to get that done.  The staff is rude and inattentive." I've been a patient for over ten years and I started out with Dr Drury and liked him a lot but because of my diabetes is started seeing Dr Kelly and I like him! He got my A1C from a high 13 to 7.1! I also really like Mary tann and tammy O'Reilly I would recommend them to anyone with special issues and there is a wait but that seems to be a problem with most dr offices!  So cut them a break only one dr there i refuse to see Mario he's awful! Kpl6cUmrYMczTDY_2RnctA I love this guy! He's old school and a very competent Dr.!  then I highly recommend him as an excellent practitioner. Make sure you don't let the office staff and other practitioners mis code your visits. It is all about money now that the corporation is running the show!" Dr. Druary seems to be a competent doctor and sometimes rushes through appointments. He tried to change a therapy for me that cost less than $1.00 per day (covered by insurance) to one that cost around $10.00 per day and NOT covered by insurance. I had a side effect from a drug he prescibed. He told me that was not one of the main side effects. Several drug sites list this side effict I experienced as 3 on their lists. He is also dropping my insurance this March. I fired him anyway back in August 2014...he just doesn't know it. Dr. Drury and his PA (Mary Tan) overprescribe narcotics.  We have approached this doctor and his PA several times about this reoccurring issue for my mother who has been hospitalized several times over the past two years for near over-dose. He can be very straight forward and sometimes a bit blunt even.  He does seem to care about his patients and comes across as very knowledgeable as he has pointed out things that no other doctor has.  I am rather impressed so far.  I look forward to seeing you soon." If you are looking for a good PCP then I suggest you check out DC Ranch Family Medicine." "Love Dr. Duong!  Have been seeing her for years.  It is like seeing a close friend- she remembers everything from year to year and has a very laid back beside manner.  She has recommended labwork every year since I was 25 "Eh. I had selected Shannan Murphy for my new PCP. She doesn't take the time to learn about her patients 