I don't generally give out one-star reviews.  This is my 500th review and only my 12th one-star review.  I'm not giving details because all of the billing issues aren't resolved "I have lived all over the US and even globally and I can honestly say that in my opinion FairPoint is the WORST telephone company I have ever dealt with. I moved in 11 2009 and they are still holding my credit balance refund hostage. When I called to request information Since their latest foray into union-busting here it has only become worse. We in Vermont very much hope that our public service regulators will go after this mountain of corporate grift will all guns blazing: we've had enough of southern corporate carpetbaggers making promises they are systemically incapable of delivering on." My 97 year old mother who is blind moved from one room to another and the company said it would take a week to change the phone because it was a holiday.  After the week was up they said the work order was extended a month because they had so much new business.   I escalated the issue.   The said they would get back to me within 48 hours.  No response.  Some company!  they will give you a hard time.  Watch out this company." I knocked off a star for pricing - can't someone find a way to bring down the costs of cable TV and internet access??? - and because TW doesn't yet offer home phone service in my area." Time Warner over AT&T any day of the year... If you are lucky enough to avoid using them -I suggest you do so !" "I was a customer for approx 16 yrs.  Only because they were my only option.  Came home one day to find out they had cut off my service because I had a balance of $28.00.  It was gonna be $150 and 2 wks before I could get it turned back on.  Needless  take to look into another internet cable provider.  It is not worth the hassel or the headache." So I haven't had TWC in 3.5 years and have heard nothing from them (I live in area of SC that they don't service).  Today I get a collection notice from them for $48.  Stop spending money to name every arena in the nation and hire some people who know what they're doing.  I ended up telling them I never wanted to hear even their name again.  4wks later and I still had nothing hooked up and they cut the main cable line to my condo property and at&t's line when trying to bury some new lines for me.  They have no idea what they are doing and you get a different story each time you call them.  They better never even step foot near my door again.  Horrible !!!!" "AT&T phone bills became horribly expensive: the old tv broke and we got a new one with HD: plus I had wireless installed for my laptop. All of these factors convinced me to ""bundle and save"" with Time Warner Cable. So far the service people have been pleasant and we're saving a lot on bills. However Need to get the twc hotspot adapter..........  and they don't call every month to see if I want to add services." Buyer's remorse? You bet."  but as of now I'll just sulk over my newly negotiated monthly rate." vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og  since we had a 3+ hour Internet outage this morning) to see about getting my bill lowered.  Surprisingly  I'm going to tweet to their Twitter handle first before waiting on the phone for an obscene amount of time. Yay technology."  I had been dealing with a remote that started losing function after function and could no longer deal with it.  I went to the TW office on Morehead and after waiting behind people who seriously had no clue why they were even there  I somehow agreed to keep the service for 6 months at a significantly reduced rate.  I then recieved  the bill the next month and the price had no change.  I called and they wrote in there notes some  othert agreement.  I asked to speak to manager and they denied me.  I told them I want my service canceled now and that I was not going to pay the bill.  They said no.  I asked for the manager he said no.  He then said if I ask for manager he will need to hang up.  He hung up.  His name is Jesus and will not give any other identification to me.  He is in the retention department.  If you are the manager of this employee  but I hope I never have problems with my service that involve a visit back to the office. Talk about unpleasant."  and then when called to set up appointment to install service I asked what I would be charged and was told $34.95. I then called customer service to discuss what I would be paying and was told the $34.95. I explained that I had been quoted less vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og "I feel like nothing beats Road Runner for speed so I guess that is the only reason I stay with them. Other than that  but that is not an option.  The only way to cancel is to call their number wait forever and pray you dont get cut off.  If you are looking to subscribe look at other alternatives first.  I read somewhere that Charlotte has the highest Time Warner rates in the country.  Avoid this company if you can.  Once they have you they make it hard to escape."  and perhaps that is why they really don't care about losing customers."  I'm an accountant and even I can't figure out their billing system. It should be illegal the way they bill people. It doesn't help that they have a monopoly on almost all downtown apartments in the Charlotte area. I have bugged AT&T U-verse about offering in my area  the techs have been terribly pleasant (with one exception that I got my pepper spray out for just in case - he was an odd bird) TWC is the worst cable company I've ever dealt with. Each time I've called for Tech Support I was on hold for at least an hour. Their only response is to unplug the box.  I'm on my 2nd DVR box in 2 months & channels go out randomly.  If you can get cable somewhere else do it! (DIRECTV before & after TWC is a god send)." I have tried repeatedly to get this company to refund an incorrect amount charged to my mother who died.  There is no email and I have spent hours on the phone.  USE any other service if you can.  this is a failure to draw funds because their billing department is complete and utter garbage.  Their services are sub par and they over charge for this shit service because as previously stated they run the only line available for entire neighborhoods and small towns through out the Charlotte area." "I do not like this company! For years I have been forced to work with them for Internet and cable and have been consistently dissatisfied with the customer service. Inconsistent billing  and there are next to none free movies on demand.  TWC is horrible in comparison to Comcast.  And the cherry on top is that there is no more CBS or Showtime???  Are you kidding me Time Warner?  CBS?? It's one of the main networks!!  To deny your viewers access to a main network is insane.  You should be ashamed of yourselves and need to stop blaming CBS for your total incompetence. For both CBS and Showtime  what is the point of having cable? Seriously folks. They are getting out of hand and this takes the cake. I pay i have say and i say screw them! If everyone cancelled maybe they would rethink their decision. I have nothing else to watch"  I have only worked with them online and over the phone.  I also wish that I could provide them with ZERO STARS.  This company is the worst to deal with.  It started off with my order being processed twice due to an issue with their website.  So I chatted with an analyst to have it resolved.  She then had to call me because she said my credit card was being rejected.  After about 45 minutes she realized she was entering it incorrectly.  Then the day they should have been coming out to install I found out that they changed my street address in their computer when moving from the ordering system to the installation ordering system.  Therefore they installer never made it to my apartment.  When I noticed the change on the emails I received I called immediately (about 15 minutes after my scheduled install window).  The woman on the phone told me that she corrected it and contacted the driver who confirmed the new address and would still be coming.  After waiting another 2 hours with no contact I called back and the new person told me that it isn't possible to just update an address and that she had to put in a whole new order.  Oh and my specific apartment unit was not in there system so they would have to send someone out to survey before the installation so I couldn't set up another installation for almost 2 weeks.  (Mind you they had every other apartment in my building and when I originally placed the order they had no problem finding my address and signing me up)  The analyst also submitted an escalation about my issue so I could speak with a supervisor (after waiting for one for about a half an hour on the phone) within 24 hours.  Waited the whole day and no call back.  So I chatted online again and was told the escalation process takes 2-3 days not 24 hours.  I then said I just wanted to cancel any pending orders that I had in the system Moral of the story: If you want to do ""business"" with TWC I wish Yelp had zero stars because this is what TWC deserves. The monopoly they run has run its course. I have used their services for many years until recently when I finally tossed in the towel. Horrible service! I was considered a premium customer (can't remember what TWC calls it) yet still always received the worst service. Every time I had to call for some problem (very often) I would be placed into their web of transfers while having to explain my issue to the next service rep each and every time. Not fun. It's a circus at TWC. I vote Time Warner Cable the worst company of all times. I spent 30 minutes on hold tonight trying to find out why my bill has gone from 29.99 to 55.00 per month and I can not see any change in the quality of service. Their website will only allow me to increase my cost but offers no suggestions as to how I might save money. I guess no one has ever told their management that it is cheaper to keep a customer than to try and get them back. Don't get me wrong there are other bad and good companies. I love American Express they are the best company in America. Uverse is the second worst company in America in my humble opinion. Tmobile is 3rd worst company and Direct TV is the 4th worst. After that I would say Sprint is the 5th worst. By the way I have Dish for my TV and have been pleased for the most part with their service.  If you have other ideas please add. "Went in to exchange my cable box. Got in and out in under ten minute even though there was a bit of a line The only reason I have to give them two stars is because I was stuck for years with Comcast and that was MUCH worse."  and certainly not worth the pain you will experience if you ever need to contact them for anything. Worst customer service of any business I've ever dealt with."  lost Internet three times because TWC turned it off; and still got overcharged by $40. They say they have it fixed now. I am not holding my breath here."   so your only option is to take time out of your work day. AT&T is much better. Avoid TWC like the plague. They'll never stop nickel and diming you."  wireless isn't available unless you pay an extra $11 monthly fee for the router. The technician (a very nice guy) advised me to purchase my own router  while I normally gave 4-5 stars regardless of service quality. The worst service came from TWC. Took me over an hour on the call but nothing had been done. All they did is to transfer the phone call to another representative after telling me ""I can't do this Step it up Time Warner!!!" The best DVR they can offer customers is a model that can only record 2 shows at a time compared to other companies that now have models that can record up to 5 shows at a time. The only reason I am with them is because they are the only provider for my home at the moment and satellite is not an option."   I had no information guide and could not control the volume. After being on the phone with them for SEVERAL hours vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og "I love how they just sent me a letter to inform me about their price increase while saying I am still enjoying their special promotion.....I have been a customer for the past 7 years  but we're adding it back for football season. I am spending my day off waiting in this absurd line for a cable box so that my husband can watch the Panthers. If only we could get ESPN on our Apple TV... I can't wait until we can just stream everything" An absolute horrible company and it upsets me every month that I pay them for ""service"" because there is not another cable provider in my area."  but what did not know until I talked to a customer service representative that it cost 10 dollars a month to use it. I did not have internet for about a month. I call tech support and I was told that the router could be bridged and I could use my own router. So one month 3 tech support calls later I got this information.  Wow!!! Why!"  but I actually enjoyed my visit.  The man I talked to (I believe his name was Tony) was extremely helpful.  He assisted me with everything I needed and more.  I was pleasantly surprised by this visit Time Warner Cable is the worst!  Never in my life have a dealt with such an incompetent and frustrating service provider. Stay away from them like the plague if possible.  When Google Fiber comes to Charlotte I will be switching my service to them. TWC has the worst reliability of any company I have ever seen. The first winter storm and the cable and Internet is out. Let me add that this is a mere few hours before the storm hits our area. No way to find out what is going on. Stay away from Time Warner. They are never there when you need them.  then they transfer you around from department to department despite the fact that they are told up front what assistance you need. I am SO glad that I am moving out of state and will not have to deal with them again EVER! TWC is ridiculously expensive for what services you do get  I would.  absolute thieves and liars."  etc.  I will be changing cable companies after this last round. Uggh: " What a contrast to the arena which earns the city bragging rights.  Hate that I'm returning to them for my cable after years of great service with Direct TV.  Double ouch." "A sea of humanity waiting to be helped and only two employees. I wouldn't have to be here but they only ship digital adapters They're not all bad! :)" Poor customer service." This is the worst branch in the history of branches!!!! Service is so slow...long lines and a bunch of customers who can't believe they actually use Time Warner Cable!!!  with this company!! Always double check your bills. Not to mention the constant slow internet. Should you have a problem  we were promised unicorn farts and rainbow sprinkles. What we got was extremely limited channels and Internet that is by no means top speed.  Plus the ""guaranteed price"" is code for contract. You'll never get out unless you die." Terrible customer service. We have been waiting for days in a row for s technician that they promise is coming every day. Can't wait to cancel service.  Jordan promises the issue will be resolved which has not happened. I agree with CNN that TWC customer service has fallen tremendously. Do not give people your money who does not have time for you and promotes people with bad manners to superisors (who by the way "Just know that they have horrible customer service and technicians. It's unfortunate that they have a monopoly  in the city. No one ever knows what they are talking about and problems are never resolved.  If you can help it Back on the phone with these dipshidiots for more empty promises. Seriously TWC SUCKS." "Came to this location after work on a weekday to switch out a bad router. Was in and out in less than 5 minutes  desperate grab for market share--in light of Google bringing fiber into town soon. I have zero loyalty to TWC and will bail (even if I have to pay more for Google) at the first opportunity I have.  Good riddance  please be Warned. Save your time. Save your sanity. JUST DON'T DO IT!!!!!!!"  I get a bill in the mail.  A bill for $250! Insane.  Apparently the promotion I signed up for was not what was entered.  So now I spend an hour on the phone negotiating my bill.  They aren't able to get the exact promotion I signed up for #thisisacrime #Googlehelpme #Iwanttopunchsomething" "Ironically they have a commercial out right now that claims you no longer have to sit around all day waiting for a technician to come. I had an appointment setup and sat around waiting for the technician to not call or show up. Another appointment was setup My internet went out for 8 hours yesterday for Sunday football. Today it's been freezing all day after I got a call saying it had been resolved. Worst company ever. Can't wait till Google comes to save us. vKtMsWeAaThimXGo9Ic_Og  now its in collections- I will be disputing it. They seem very disorganized and its a shame- my internet was fast and enjoyable...Just be careful If you are moving  Time Warner is going to sink like a led weight in a still pond. They are out dated and their customer ""service"" is non existent. They don't care about anyone."  in addition they have added and increased their fees. They are advertising about their new great efforts to improve their customer service and product however nothing has really changed. If they truly cared about their customers they would have offered good affordable service quality from the beginning; not only because their is some competition coming to the area soon." 3 words. Time Warner Cable. The worst everything. You name it. Worst ever at everything they do.  they have horrible customer service and the equipment comes and goes. Example: A no-show TWC Tech on a Tuesday morning at 8am and they won't reschedule until Sunday afternoon with no comp to service or fees waived. If they weren't the monopoly of Charlotte Slowest customer service in charlotte  I am not hard to please.  I had to visit VZW because the sound was too low during phone calls.  VZW could not repair it and sent me to the Apple Store.  Apple could not repair it so they replaced my device.  Four hours later Once I made my decision he helped me get everything set-up and even charged the phone for me a bit since I told him I'd be travelling.  All in all it was a great experience and I would have no issue returning here for future purchases or help."  and then the last day its about getting you in and getting you out as quick as possible." I'm still waiting for the iPhone 5 to come out (probably tomorrow) but so far I am very happy I made the ""switch.""" HKDekQegywCXBAm8PFw1MQ Took 40mins (and i was next in line) for me to exchange my 2 chargers that I had 2 replace 4months ago.the guy that helped me was to busy checking out women to wait on me What turned out to be just a trip to the store to buy a phone quickly turned into an opportunity to grow my business." "Some of the worst customer service we've ever encountered. We've been ""next"" on the list for 45m. Understandable that it's a friday night "i went to day and bought the Otterbox defender for my new iphone 6. Briana helped me and she was super nice This is my fourth time coming back due to inventory and no fault of the stores. I'm continued to be so disappointed by the ""hostess"". They really act like you're an inconvenience. Will probably be my last trip and just drive an hour and a half to go to my home store. Really disappointed. This is not the experience I'm accustomed to receiving from verizon."  however that is acceptable at a busy time. My representitive Tim was the most useless salesman I've ever met. Didn't ask me about what I was interested in and pretty much just kept telling me to call customer service. I was about to renew my contract and buy a brand new phone but I can tell you now I'm going to AT&T tomorrow. Terrible service Why in the world do all of your stores in Yelp say you are open until 8pm on Sunday? Can't you pay someone to Update that crap? "Don't count on the people in this store to give you complete information. If they'd listened to me and addressed my needs Very unhelpful. The staff did not even attempt to address my needs.  I would have not learned about any of these things. I was less than impressed with the customer service I received. It was so poor that I almost just walked out of the store without buying anything. She was lucky I already knew what I wanted." "I was very disappointed at the service I got here.  My iphone is 1 1/2 years old and was turning off on me constantly.  I didn't drop it and never had problems before.  I went to the store for help and they checked the battery and then told me there is nothing they can do unless I purchase a warranty on the phone.  I went home and deleted old photos and videos and updated the software and it no longer shuts off.  I just think it's ridiculous they told me there was nothing they could do unless I bought a warranty  and attentive!! Alex is the manager we worked with and he is also extremely knowledgeable (and a good salesperson too). We had a defective antennae on our long-awaited iPhone 6; it couldn't be authorized or connect to cellular service. Both Verizon and Apple tried hard to troubleshoot over the phone for HOURS The worst cell phone experience of my life. The staff was rude and directed my to call the hotline and quit wasting their time. I would recommend going somewhere else unless you like being insulted and taken advantage of. qt3WwxMYShshHX7UsyTK-g "Sales staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Toni helped me and she broke out pricing differences and helped me to make a decision that worked within my budget for switching phones. I was on a very old plan and she showed me how to get more data on a different plan.when I asked her to explain all elements of the pricing  I don't think I'll shop anywhere but online again for my phone needs. The human factor made the shopping icky." Oh brother what a bummer." Something good is going on at that shop and based on my experience (a) I highly recommend them; and (b) I'm sticking with Verizon!"  I can't quite think of something that rolls off my tongue but Bob was the man who worked and worked on my phone and got all my pictures back. He saved my life  he was nice and I got the phone and plan i wanted....but only because I had researched it myself.  Don't expect them to know what they're talking about  saying they've had problems with him before. My question was: WHY THE HELL DOES HE STILL WORK THERE?!?! He asked what he could do to make us happy and I asked for the regional manager's phone number. He provided the regional manager's cellular number This location of Verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent  of a car wreck.  people dont get my texts or they get a couple words from it AND i cant use my apps Most inefficient place I've been at.  Told it would be 30min and turned out to be an hour.  All I needed to do was replace a carrier clip.  Everyone was pissed off in the store.  You can't get simple service without waiting.  The only positive was the guy who checked us in finally got a clue and got me a new clip before my name was called.  The want personalized service but there only getting pissed off customers once they start to help them out.  Oh yea employees there park in the prime parking in front of the store.  I noticed this while we were waiting.   If you have a lot of spare time on your hands then this is the place for u. I will never go back to this store. they are LUCKY to get even this 1 star ...if possible i would of given them -5.....EXTREMELY RUDE....I will never walk into this location again.....AVOID at all costs this location!!!!  handed him my credit card and was told I needed a different card because the card I gave him (with my matched ID) didn't match the address on the account. I told him that the account is in somebody else's name and I could give him my proper billing information. He told me ""No  drive the 6 miles to the other one on 44th and Thomas where they actually will help you."  after a week my phone stopped working properly. i went back to the store and after explaining to the employee how the phone suddently broke they agreed to exchange it. they recovered my contacts and were respectful. so 4 stars for this store with great customer service"  Enough time for me to explain the differences between phones to my friend. We looked around and still no help. So we left I looked at one group of associates and said thanks for your help in deciding what store not to come back to. She just smiled and said have a nice day!" Love this store! Corbin (the tall one) is awesome! They're very helpful and i didnt wait long at all!  but not today. 10 minute or less wait. 10 minutes or less to set up new account activate phone for which I am most grateful. While I have ulterior motives for activating this phone for only one month maximum Lots of parking outside If you are young and hot Miguel will move you to the front of line maybe even skip you a few more times just because he doesn't like the way you look.  I ended my service after 12 years of being a loyal customer.   This was not the only reason!  Just where I finally realized Verizon really does not appreciate its customers.  Verizon. Keep it classy." Verizon is going to have to do a lot of butt kissing to keep me with them when the 2 years is up."  and asked me to leave immediately because I had my dog with me. I had brought the dog with me before. They said it was company policy  but I am here all the time and have never had a good experience. They over sell me ubreakwefix down the way helped me with my Android power connection "Really really poor customer service. I will never go back in to a verizon store. All of my changes and purchases will be done with the amazing people working online and on the phones. Walked out with a new iPhone6 and my sales rep ""set it up"" for me without my concent. C'mon man at least give me the courtesy of telling me that I needed to go home connect to wireless and upload my &@$ from the cloud. Had to reset whole phone to pull all my info in. Thank you Verizon sales associate for wasting my time. ""All set"" please!!!!!  Never never again.   Boo!!!!!" Service is solely based on what they are able to sell you on commission." Having been a customer for this long I've never encountered someone who made me feel uncomfortable and like an idiot. Wonder if Sprint would do the same. Might have to check then out this weekend." Added bonus if you've read this far -At the risk of being in hot water with my wife I :/ decided to buy a Bluetooth Bose system from him because I know that helps their stats somehow(...and I really needed an excuse to buy one)."  the store closed at 7:00pm and I got there at 7:02 and was met at the door and told sorry we are closed. Not wanting to hear what was wrong or anything. I tried to tell the guy that I just drove from the other side of town and he didn't want to hear it and didn't care. ""Sorry we are closed I felt extremely happy with my purchase/upgrade. I  worked with Charlie Gomez. He greeted me immediately and helped me right away.   Although I knew what phone I wanted Charlie really took the time with me; he saw my current plan and changed it for the better keeping it at the same price. He was very knowledgeable on prices and was able to really explain to me what kind of charges I would be seeing on my next bill.  He also took the time to help me sync all my information to my new phone which took MUCH longer than expected. In that time Charlie was super patient with how long that was taking (I was in the store 15mins after close.) During this time he explained the benefit of trading In my old phone for a tablet which I ended up taking one home! I felt extremely comfortable and confident in every decision I made. Charlie even took time to really build the relationship with me as the customer asking questions about me and not making it seem like I was just another transaction. Really pleased with my experience with Charlie and Verizon.  He's a great asset to the team!! "These idiots don't know one bit about what they are talking about. Probably one of the worse stores in North Phoenix. Can we get some technology literate people here please? Never coming to this store again  so I declined and got a refund for the phone and taking my business to another company. I dont' give them no stars because its not possible" Very helpful came in to close my account with a a sleeping toddler in my arms.  My name was taken at the door I was invited to sit down. Once my name was up there play came and sat next to me and helped me accomplish everything I need it without even having to stand. It was great and very much appreciated. "I will put a fife star service because of mine previous experience with this store. Today I was trying to call for about 1 hour and still could not connect with the store. Finally decide to drive down there and I am here with a 40min waiting period. Probably weekend is the worst day to come to the store. I will suggest for the managers to have more workers on the weekend so the line is not so big on waiting. The service is excellent and all the guys and girls are professional and they know what they do. Because off all the service a reserved I will wait I to get served  "The customer service at this location is extremely lacking. There were many employees available in the store doing nothing however i still had to wait about an hour to get seen. The managers on shift Great service!!! I went into this store to upgrade my phone in the process went very smooth. Every time I'm in I am treated with respect and courtesy. I will come back! The personnel at this company have the authority to promise one thing and deliver another  put the glass on then slipped my phone in the case. He even asked for my account to look up if it was registered that I was military 'cause I get 25% off! I never knew this. My account was registered as a military account so I got the discount. Think I spent at most 10 minutes here. That's solid service. Thanks Heath." Lena Solutions manager - service with an attitude after 40 mins wait.... just awful avoid and use another store I love this store. I've always revived the best customer service here. Toni Monley is on of the best employees Version has.  and you know how I like a free 'droiding :-)" "Sold me the world's worst phone without telling me the Droid was comming out in 2 weeks. Stuck with a Samsung SEGA for another 6 months. Does all tech stuff great. Sucks as a phone. Can't hear a86O40QjwMxqaQYo9ZBM3Q  I'd go so far as to suggest I hate them - but the service here as actually outstanding from the moment I walked in the door until the time I left.  Worked with a young man named Preston who set up my new phone  and they even gave us a discount for our patience along with a pretty substantial discount for the phones we were turning in. Juan was the manager that night and he was fun "The customer service at this place is awful. I waited for 15 minutes before I was put on a waiting list to wait even longer. Then on the waiting list  terrible customer service. Wanted nothing to do with me since all I needed was a phone case. Probably could have upgraded my phone. Camelback location here I come."  kind and efficient. My new iPhone had to be ordered. When it came in I went back to Verizon to have it activated and set up. I asked specifically for Khloe. Again she was very friendly and knowledgeable and made the normally dreaded experience a pleasant one!" Horrible customer service. They seem to not understand the concept of a customer service desk for simple returns and exchanges and non-accounts related questions. All it takes is one customer service rep to be dedicated for minor small issues. The rest of the longer process questions can go through the normal process but find a way to get the quick ones out faster. This is just common sense waiting an hour in order to process a minute exchange was ridiculous.  but you guys went from being my favorite store to me just making my purchase from Amazon online. Your smart mouth sales person at the door "I've had some problems in the past with this place's  customer service but I went here the other day and its improved but there is still a long way to go. I was expecting to wait around 20 minutes to be helped but I was helped in about 10 minutes. Even though I was at the store for 3 hours My husband and I both upgraded and received great customer service from JR. We went to upgrade his phone and then upgraded mine because it was so fast. Great service :)  he said go ahead and that the new company would be able to take over our numbers!  Wow.  The funny thing is when i called the main Customer Service center about another issue i had with this store a couple of weeks ago they told me this store sucks and they get so many complaints about it.  I suggest if you want to stay with Verizon to pick a different store." We waited for over an hour and a half for associate Gina to stop smacking her gum and flirting with customers just to get a replacement phone that we had already ordered. She was so dumb and did not seem like she knew what she was doing. Kept walking away when we needed answers to questions and gave us two wrong customer service numbers. Super unimpressed and aggravated with the service we got. Makes us think twice about having this phone service. Too many problems with this store to list and I'm not the only one! The reviews speak for themselves. POOR SERVICE AT BEST!"  answered the phone and told me to just come into the store instead because he couldn't promise that my In store pick would be ready but the store could process a new order. I was very irritated as I had gone through the entire checkout process but needed to catch a flight so rushed over to the store. I waited for 20 minutes before Greg came to assist me. I told him I knew exactly what I wanted so this should be quick. He returned with my new phone and a screen protector which I never even asked for and he added it on to my transaction as if I had to purchase it. After he input my account info he asked for a signature which at that point I asked what insurance he selected. He never asked me and again defaulted to what he thought I should have. I said please change it to the one I wanted. He began loudly questioning me as to why I didn't want the coverage he selected. I was beyond irritated at this point and rolled my eyes at his aggressive behavior. At that point he lost his mind and started yelling at me that I would be without a phone with my insurance for 3 days and  made a comment about me rolling my eyes. It was actually scary  pushy and exspensive.  Sadly they have the best cell coverage around."  and he was so helpful and friendly that I felt compelled to write a review. I would venture to say that in all the years I've been going to Verizon for my cell services  change from the two year contract to the new Verizon 6 GB plan and I want to have $300 credited towards our purchase for the new phones OR I'll accept a statement credit. That's it."  some thing are good and some things need work. The managers in this store are fast food employees that need to be taught that we  it's a high pressure commission based environment.   Once they have your money and you under contract they could care less about helping you with anything.  Tech Supprt at 611 is worthless for any real problems and they send you to a store to sell you stuff you don't need.  Verizon sucks but they are all pretty much the same." Verizon has to do something about the morons supposedly managing this store. I agree with the comment made earlier that they are fast food caliber at best. When I asked the manager for his name he literally took his hand and hid his name - too afraid to let me know. The good news is everyone saw the kind of 'disservice ' they deliver at this store.  Customers and staff alike. Avoid this place if at all possible. 2 trips; 2 nightmares. "I went in yesterday to trade in my phone for a new iPhone 6S Plus.  Ali helped me (with backup from Theresa the manager).  The team work in the store was evident with the manager backing people up.  Ali was competent I won't be renewing my contract." "great customer service by Troy. We moved from a blackberry to a galaxy S7 and Troy was very helpful explaining everything and the new plan we qualified for is GREAT! Part of the plan includes a Samsung tablet  as I will still return for more abuse in the future." Great customer  service. Omar was very nice and helpful. They  took their time and helped me with the purchase  of my phone. I would definitely  recommend  them. "Every time...every time we get a new smartphone (we have five on our plan) something gets screwed up.  Last time it screwed up my husbands work email when I got a new phone (go figure) and made him look bad for his clients who contact him via email.  Lots of time wasted figuring out what was going wrong.  This time 