I'd give another star if the hot chocolate were more flavorful and another star if the wifi worked EDIT: CLOSING? Nooooo!" I gave this place an extra star because my friends thought their coffee was pretty good." SInce the above entry I have been back a few times. still liking the patio. got an espresso shake and it was all liquidy and melted - no texture or frozen quality at all. Were entirely out of sandwiches twice. I'm taking a star away. :("  the other customers are even great! I do wish they would get gluten-free yummies but other than that the non gf baked goods look and smell insanely delicious. They have really good deals running throughout the week too."  for a pretty penny there are smoothies made with real fruit!"  Zoma's the place for me. The fact that there's easy access from the bike path just adds to the bucket of coolness that's in the corner."  generally welcoming vibe to the place.  The only thing I absolutely loathe about the place is the freakin' VOLUME on the stereo -- the kids who work at this place insist on blasting the stereo loud enough that it's hard to have a conversation inside sometimes.  Especially during non-peak hours when  my stomach let the world know it wasn't doing too well. It happened too much to be coincidence. Anyhow "This place is great for location and outdoor seating and the coffee and prices are very good. But Zoma has a lot of unused potential. The outdoor area is too shabby and is situated by HVAC equipment. Tables are perched on patches of mud which should be round patios like in other parts of the ""backyard."" I'm told The service at the counter was really friendly." Can't wait to go back this summer to sit out in the back and try one of their smoothies!" I think that have a great staff and great customer service. If you haven't been I highly suggest you stop by sometime and give it a try."  but not exactly spotless either (although I accept that for any coffee shop). On most visits Wasn't this place and the attached art store featured in an episode of Portlandia? Check out Revolution Cycles and a weird kinky clothing shop nearby."  an ideal study spot on Sundays. Just enough sunlight comes through the rear doors. Past those doors is the popular outdoor seating. There are a few ""Little Free Libraries."" Bikers can appreciate the location  average. People behind the counter were indifferent at best. I asked for a 'cubano' based on previous reviews and was met with a blank stare and a 'what?!?'  artistic coffee shop in Madison. Love the outdoor seating watching the bikers go by sipping on an iced tea. Their drinks are great. Service is nice  don't like when I get a red eye and I have to put my own coffee in"  an area for the kiddies to play and a place to pull up right off the bike path.  The caf itself wouldn't be as satisfying without the garden but my iced tea was refreshing and they have lots of goodies I am strictly a tea drinker...and the choices here are lacking..but the atmosphere more than makes up for the poor tea selection.  neighborhood feel. Beautiful back patio and large glass doors for when the weather isn't ideal but you still want a view of the outdoors. The food and pastry options are minimal but the coffee is good and I usually only go there for a place to hang out and study. Theres a decent amount of seating but I have had trouble finding anywhere to sit several times already. I also love that they have a few games available as well  the coffee is not fantastic. The baristas are always super crass and I know multiple people whom have applied for positions there and have been turned away because their lack of coffee making skills. So  but was drinkable. Friend said that it is not her experience...maybe a bad make." What really makes this caf stand out is the eclectic artwork both in- and outdoors The cafe itself has free wifi and is right off the capital city trail bike path.  It's cute and charming inside with a decent number of plugs and tables to hang out at and work.  They're also right next to Revolution Cycles so it's a great place to hang out at while they fix your bike next door.  Plus  their smoothies are equally fantastic! Can I just take Cafe Zoma back to Michigan with me?"  so far.  Some reviewers have complained about the coffee; I never noticed it being particularly bad.  It's dark and caffeinated and there is always half-and-half to be had.  The atmosphere here is what really makes it great.  It is sort of like a ""dicey""-cafe with great lighting.  If you're lucky enough to have warm weather I love this place and return there a few times a week." The greatest asset here is the rear courtyard next to the bike path...but it's often not well-maintained and the steps up from the bike parking area on the path are poorly constructed and often treacherous.  I'm glad Zoma is in my neighborhood  I will probably seek out other places to get coffee." Had to park on a suburban street a couple blocks away (a very pleasant walk).  If I come back 