"I have said it on other sites and will repeat here. You MUST try their burgers. They are juicy and delicious with a bun that is perfect. Another must are the fries with Guinness gravy and if you haven't had enough go for the ultimate sleeper  but the beer was cold and the food was amazing.  I would recommend paddy's to anyone."  Smithwicks and Harp on tap..."  I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy  that's not what this place is about.  It's a town Irish bar and it serves great solid Irish fare and suds to the locals.  And it does it better than anyone.  I go back again and again."  that they had to keep that same curmudgeon of a bartender that ruins the experience. Can somebody notify me once they get rid of him?"  they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons." "A great neighborhood bar in the strip with authentic tasting Irish pub food. I'm a fan of going early (though it's so empty and lonely looking early in the day) for a brunch of bangers They had some live music (a guy with a wee guitar singing eclectic covers) which was decent and ended at 1am.  We were the last patrons before closing at 2  relaxed atmosphere.  The staff is especially pleasant and very friendly.  H&F is an excellent place for the end of the work week.  They have nightly specials during happy hour Which lasts from 5pm to 7pm. H&F also has live bands playing nightly.  The acts range from up tempo rock music to laid back acoustic guitar acts.  Overall  like the cover charge that happens for every single event. Great Guinness Toast (where you had to use plastic cups!)- $5; St. Patrick's Day Parade- $10!! We made it for breakfast on parade day I don't get pissed over things I can't control so I ignore ignorant people who like drama. We did have some excellent BBQ pulled pork nachos! Maybe an event there would be different but my experience...Yawn" We started to leave just as a few musicians came in.  I think I'd enjoy coming back here for a drink and an appetizer during some live Irish music!  Service was a bit slow  and if you're in the mood for some fish & chips you're really limited to two excellent options in town: Piper's Pub or the Harp & Fiddle." All this place needs is a good wash. Let me know when Excellent atmosphere and friendly service.   Food was great.  the service is always spot on.  I really wish there was a place like this in my neighborhood in Denver."  but the food is very good. My Shepherd's Pie was outstanding. The whiskey bundt cake we shared was also rockin'. Our server was a cute chick with awesome hair. Only Piper's Pub makes better Irish food than this place." Tons of travelling entertainers and bands  it is a fun time. The musicians have been pretty good whenever I've been in. I'd like to go in more but I can only manage their happy hour - unfortunately the place is too expensive for anything else. I had my first and last full night's drinking there a few weeks ago and we were all pretty shocked when we saw the check."  we had the deep fried pickles. Quite okay. Quite a decent Reuben sandwich. Would like to see a better beer selection. One of the few places open in the strip district after 5 pm."  I sent my meal back to the kitchen. The Corn Beef in the Corn Beef and Cabbage tasted really bad and felt like I was chewing gum. Avoid that plate at all costs" "This is the most authentic Irish Pub you will find.   The food is good and plentiful and the beer selection is impressive.  I have been several times to the Ceili  dances on Tuesday night TWO STARS BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS DIRTY.  Its very dirty.  So dirty.  Maybe they  dont notice it at night during the bulk of their business.  Inch of dusk on the window sill.  So gross.  Please I didn't stay very long. We had the journey back to Beaver County. But I liked the look of this place. Would be a good place to have a nice chat with some friends on a Wednesday night." The crowd tends to be a little more mature which is nice!" "I have only eaten at Mulaney's once and drank here twice but I hope to come more often. I had a traditional Pittsburgh steak salad that was pretty good but the real draw is the music. The first time we came in  the consensus was we'd go back."  I was craving a salad and have little time for lunch.  I asked for medium cooked steak and it is BEYOND well done.  It is actually crispy.  The French fries on top are rock hard but are not burnt which seems to me to be recooked from yesterday.  I cannot eat this.  I will certainly walk the extra few blocks from now on to get food that is prepared properly.   Never again for me."  the worst quality greasy ground hamburger and canned crunchy onions (on a Shepard's Pie?). I ate less than half and am debating if I will allow my dogs to eat the rest or throw it away.  The potato soup was so salty I chugged water afterwards to feel relief. I was physically Illl from the grease and butter. I mean that literally. The only thing Irish about this place is the name and the Guiness on tap. Other than an ill mannered and intoxicated uncultured college student no one will like this place. I have had better experiences at the Giant Eagle hot food counter. Sorry guys you have got to do better if you ever think ill return." Wanted to like this place as we haven't explored the strip district because of the touristy feel and crowds..wanted to explore different areas of the city. The fish was kind of slimey and didn't have a good taste. The fries were really hard and had been cooked until they was no potato within them. The Shephard pie had instant mashed potato taste some crumbled hamburger and plain cheddar cheese on top with small shreds of carrot. Not much better than a KFC bowl and the onion rings were just the frozen food variety. Not sure why people like it so much. If we had been drinking we wouldn't care. Maybe they had a bad day. I would recommend paying attention to cook times and to get rid of the fish. Maybe use fresh or in store made ingredients for Shephard's pie "I love authentic Irish pubs like this one. Probably the best tasting Guinness I've ever had. The food selection is a little limited but everything I've experienced there has been very tasty. My friend and I went there and he had the wings We've heard both good and bad about this place.  My wife loves corned beef and cabagge so we had to try it. The atmosphere was great as was the entertainment.  The food was a bit of a disappointment.  Her corned beef was dry. I had a Shepard's pie. The chef had such a heavy hand with the salt that I couldn't taste anything else. This is probably a great place to listen to music and grab a beer. The food? Not so much.  as one of my friends had previously done and told me to as well. I was not disappointed! Really great food. Highly recommended." "Moved to the Strip and tried the food with a group of four.  The Shepard's Pie was awful...I am not sure what the meat was and the flavor was odd.  One other person tried it and would not eat it.  The fish n chips were not good.  The fries were soggy and soft  and eating on the 2nd floor patio which looks onto the Hearst  plaza is a great experience during the warmer months.  At night Ri-Ra's has live music and a DJ which alternate floors depending on the night.  The bartenders are excellent  and great (meaning talented and not obnoxious) Irish Scottish entertainment." not your average Irish pub... on the weekends it can get packed... and upstars they have a DJ or band and it can get a lil crazy... on big nights it is hard to move beacuse of so many pople but i guess it is like that everywhere in CLT... i have never eaten there food... but have heard it is ok...  definitely recommend it!  The decor is very authentic and could definitely see this place getting pretty crowded later on at night since the upstairs and downstairs are really not that big.  However "I went here one morning in search of a proper fry-up.  It was okay.  The service was pretty good; but  looks like an authentic pub. They've got great food. Service is pretty good as well. Like most bars in Charlotte it's filled with smokers but that's par for the course in NC. Two levels  but the wait staff was super friendly and suggested better spots for me to check out.  Beer selection was pretty typical and drink prices were pretty cheap (considering I live in NY)....Next time i'll try the food!" I just found out that it is a chain.  While I am surprised it does make sense  since everything in Charlotte tends to be a chain.  Very few places with local flavor especially in Uptown Charlotte."  low-key beer every now and then.  But seems you have taken a turn away from legitimacy  so don't go on weekends if you don't like being mauled to death by overly tan twenty somethings in polo shirts." "We were there on a Friday night and LOVED it!! Upstairs wasn't our thing. We got a table below the band (a guitar player and drummer) and we just could not stop dancing! I haven't danced in public in so long wFF4hf5srVtnLfpsfNSy4w The bar is attractive.  The beer is cold.  The fish and chips ranks right up there with Mrs. Paul's  with the big wooden chairs and comfortable atmosphere.  The food was about the same as the bar back home too.   Good but not spectacular.  It tasted very fresh and well cooked It sounded like there was alot more fun to be had upstairs(live band  Ri Ra just never seems to impress me and or make me want to come back again. I'm sure there is a reason the place is always packed  as I've never eaten here. I have seen a menu though  if you get a table. I recommend getting in around dinner time and leaving before the late-night crowd gets too thick."  but not the best or most authentic Irish Pub I've been to. After all I am weighing it against Boston pubs..." It's definitely hopping on a Saturday night and boasts a nice and pretty downtown location...but god It's right next to the Bank of America building and offers a huge plaza of outdoor seating  the candle-lit atmosphere would have been awesome. I had the beef and Guiness stew. It was heavy and so so delicious. So my point is that if RiRa's doesn't suit you as a bar "I have visited the Charlotte Ri Ra several times when I have been in Charlotte on business and have always enjoyed myself. Yeah Apparently it's cool to wear a Christmas sweater too.  Do it." And it may have just been the Irish Twists handling my perceptions Oh! And if you get a chance to dine outside on the patio take it! It's always comfortable and has a seperate restroom out there which is nice since there's not an abundance of restrooms."  but if I could do it again I would have the full serving of the magnificent mac n' cheese. The lunch menu was extensive with very reasonable prices. The best thing about this place however was our waiter "My brother took me and my parents here after a Bobcats game.  It was pretty crowded and my brother and dad had to pay a cover (it was ladies night).  We were able to find a couple of stools together and sat down.  The bartenders were very quick to come over and get our drink orders.  We were also seated close to the live band that was playing Randomly wandered into this fine establishment on a Wednesday night. Great setting to watch some playoff action with a beer at the bar. Bartender was friendly and quick. Atmosphere chill. Decorations were right on for an Irish pub. WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ ohhhhh welll... guess i'll have to go back again next time!" eighteen dollars gone"  talking about Ulysses. But its' sports bar alter-ego is definitively what pays the bills." I will be heading back to Ri Ra very soon to try some Guinness stew or a traditional Irish breakfast!" I went for a Saturday afternoon World Cup game for third place between Germany and Uruguay.  Most tables in front of the screen were taken but not packed so it wasn't too noisy.  Service was really slow but the waitress was authentic.  Not the best review since I ordered a salad at a pub but the salad was good & fresh.  I tried the sweet potato fries too.  The fries were a little soggy but will go back under different circumstances to try them out since the beer selection is extensive and within walking distance.  but the food we ordered never arrived.  Wild dogs couldn't drag me back." "Last time I went it was about 3pm on a weekday and there were 3 guys sitting at the bar Ttalking with a male bartender.  I stood there for approx 5-7 mins before I was even acknowledged.  Needless to say Authentic Irish feel with a friendly staff and warm atmosphere. Expected selection of draft beers for an Irish Pub. Good selection of bottled beers.  it definitely a ""stick to your ribs"" dinner.  Most entrees are in the $10-$20 range.  The bevvy selection is varied and lean towards British Irish varieties. The staff are congenial  the burgers are half priced if you eat in!  They grind their meat in house so you can get them as rare as you like.  I strongly recommend getting the hand cut chips The omlette came with potatoes and a thick cut of toast perfectly toasted.  I mean where else can you get brunch severed with such a great beer selection?!" "I cannot believe i have not reviewed Ri Ra's before!  This is a good after work spot for a few drinks and maybe a quick bite.  The bar is well stocked and has all the items you would expect from an Irish Pub.  They have a pretty good beer selection as well which is nice to see.  The food is pretty good but typical to what other irish places serve.  (Fish and chips I went to Ri Ra recently on a Friday night for a coworkers going away shindig.  I had a really good time.  I enjoyed the dark cave like old time bar aesthetic.  The had some diverse options on tap.  In the downstairs area there was some live acoustic guitar singer.  Upstairs consisted of a DJ and lights - playing standard top hits.  There is a deck off the 2nd floor that was pretty popular the night I was there - a nice respite from the noise inside.  one word:  DIVINE while husband choose the special of Pot Roast which they were out of and instead ordered a favorite standby of Sheperd's Pie.  After eating every bite and wondering if anyone would notice if we licked our plates (just kidding but seriously our meals were THAT good) we ordered dessert of Irish soda bread pudding which our server managed to score us the last serving of (told you she made up for her earlier seemingly disinterest) and shared its goodness over a coffee press.  What an excellent way to spend New Year's Eve and looking forward to our next return visit!" WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  great place to hang out with friends and  meet new people!" BUT I do love the balcony with a great  ant's eye view of the city. Look straight up and see the best buildings in Charlotte and a great night sky." Decent late night menu if you're really...really in the mood for pub food.  The burger was not bad...stay away from the hot dogs.  Nice to place to go listen to live local talent  but now that they banned smoking in the bars (hooray!) it turns the deck into a smokers haven at times."  but you are in Uptown.  What do you expect?  It's somewhat better than the offerings of the Epicenter Friendly service and sweet potato tater tots WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  and if I lived in Charlotte I'm pretty certain I'd be here regularly." "Moderate beer choices and decent food. Even though this is a very cookie-cutter Irish pub "food--- great    booze----great   service-- great  if you do not like this place  "Usually love this place. Good food  we came back for dinner. The right of us all loved our meals. The shepard pie was especially good and the sweet potato tater tots with a side of Guinness bbq sauce was a hit with entire table. We will most likely be back here again this week." Ri Ra is a classy version of the Irish pub I love to feel at home in. Go check it out. It might just save your impression of Uptown."  though it was Soup of the Day and I would check out the Fried pickles and see what else might look good!" Ri Ra redeems itself a bit with a nice pub atmosphere. Although... a more unique selection of Irish brews would be a nice improvement."  I still enjoy the energy of the place.  The service can be hit-or-miss depending on busy they are." Just stopped in for a quick pint and the selection of beer and whiskey are great and the bartender was friendly.  Kinda confused how a Irish pub does not offer Scotch Eggs though. This place NEVER disappoints.  I took my girlfriend there this past Saturday evening for dinner (10 22 11).  I had my normal Guiness stew and she had the steak pie.  I had never seen the steak pie on their menu but it was amazing!  Services was great as always and we had a wonderful meal.  Ri Ra is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte and if you like pub food this place is the absolute best! Stick with a Jameson's or Guinness after work and move elsewhere for dinner." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  though I didnt eat there they seemed to have a very extensive menu and the guy next to me was eating something like a shepards pie. All in all I would recommend this place." Fish and chips were great. Shrimp and grits was a great Irish twist on a southern favorite. Potato cakes were also good. Service was fast and friendly. We stopped in visiting Charlotte and plan on going back. Can't rate the food but we had an excellent time at Ri Ra!  Great service behind the bar on a busy Friday night! Thanks to all!  but this is usually our go to spot on weekends.  There is a mix of people and the downstairs and upstairs are like night and day on the weekends.  The downstairs usually has a DJ with people sitting around which is good for mingling.  The upstairs there is usually a live band playing.  There are a bunch of good beers and drinks.  If you get bored work your way to the dance floor to watch a bunch of drunk people who cannot dance worth a damn.  Its a site that needs to be seen.  Also  this was a great meal. I come here for lunch all the time as I work down the street in Uptown. And if you go here for lunch My fish and chips were really pretty good. I got the regular size and the piece of fish I got was enormous. I can only imagine how huge an actual large would be. The fish and chips are amazing. They even have a late night menu for the night owls! Awesome food awesome drink specials awesome wait staff 5 out of 5 place is incredible casual pub downstairs more upscale upstairs great bars giant patio love the place you always see a friendly manager who never fails to stop and check in with each table to make sure everything is perfect and if it isn't they absolutely make it right... Crazy good Guinness Sundae for dessert as well!!! Try it if you haven't!! This place has pretty fresh ingredient and I would no doubt be coming here if I was working downtown. However I was visiting Charlotte for business and came for lunch with my boss. The sandwich line was pretty long so we decided to go inside the restaurant to sit down and order. The hostess and server was great. We ordered and our food was brought out fairly quickly. It was a Monday and lunchtime but the place was not packed when we got there. A few more customers did trickle in while we were there but it wasn't crowded. My boss ordered a soup and sandwich combo and he said it was delicious. I ordered the Irish stew with a side of cesar salad. Both were delicious as well. I loved how the stew is made with lamb and it a nice cracked pepper taste to it. A co-worker of mine said that they have the best macaroni and cheese but I did not try it. I wanted to try the fish and chips may have to do this on my next business trip. There are way too many restaurants in the area that I have not tried yet and want to before I go home. Another tip is to ask for the frequent flyer card.  Buy 8 combos (chips + drink) get a sandwich free!"  this bar has several different areas to suit different tastes. Downstairs is usually more subdued with its true Irish-pub feel. Upstairs is dark and slightly clubby. Both offer live music that usually cuts off at a certain hour to let a DJ play (top 40s and fun classics- seldom electronic or techno). The best part though Great food. I had the hooley kebab for dinner. It was on the lunch menu but they still let me order it. Huge portion. Tasted my dads lamb stew and loved it! It was trivia night so winning 50 bones certainly helped w that 5th star;)  a wonderful beer selection. Just know that this one star rating ONLY applies to the beef short ribs dish Great food and atmosphere!!! The Cottage Pie and Fish & Chips were excellent. The service was fantastic.  Will definately be back. Awesome authentic Irish bar..very warm. And welcoming wait staff. I had the lamb stew and it was the most tender lamb I had in a long time . If I come to Charlotte again am back here. Would possibly go back - but just for appetizers and drinks."  there was a cover for the privilege of listening to a lousy cover band playing tired seventies tunes in a room with terrible acoustics--apparently without a soundboard--and putting down money on overpriced drinks  but not the Italian you would get in NYC.  Charlotte's nice version though.  The line is long and slow though so expect to wait.  The bar part and the upstair dining is great for drinks and apps.  That is all folks."  but I'm glad someone think that they are."  too. Looking forward to go hand and see if it's also cool for a drink on a weekend night."  and a red sauce that reminded me of salsa but with a more tomato base and no spice. I have had better calamari at hole in the wall restaurants."  and not heavy or greasy.  Mom got the chopped salad which was also great.  We sat on the upstairs deck area and people watched.  It was pretty cool.  The weather was great as was our server.  I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more food They host an Irish session on Sunday nights-  So happy to see an Irish themed pub making an effort by supporting local Irish musicians." A Charlotte classic hang out :)  very courteous and prompt. Would recommend anyone in the area to try it out" Service and food qualiyt was great and a fun location to drink at!" It was fairly cost effective for the area as well." "Cool Ipub in dtown. All the regular beers on draft. Decent bar food  awesome ambiance and great food!" Ri Ra is definitely a solid 4* and we'll be back the next time we're in Charlotte." Overall wonderful experience. I hope they continue to be so and when we visit again So overall - okay food good vibes. I'd probably give it another shot  I had a fabulous time at Ri Ra... I might have to start going out a bit more often..."  I would still come back here for a sandwich and some apps." I went with friends to a show at Belk Theatre and we wanted to eat somewhere close. We just happened in to Ri Ra not really knowing anything about it. I can't remember having a better meal! The service was excellent and the ambiance is more than you could ask for in a pub. We felt like we were dining alone in our booth as we couldn't even see other patrons. I would definitely eat here again and again! Ri Ra is a great place to have a nice relaxing drink of whiskey and taken in a football (soccer) game."  and a great selection of beer that will satisfy" "I understand everyplace has its rules. My friends had a pre-wedding party here. And at 10pm it becomes a "" standing bar"" only. But did your staff have to be rude to the parents who were still sitting down a little respect goes a long way. We will not be going back." The only complaint I had was that the service was a little slow for me given I had a flight to catch and mentioned it to my server." If you have any appreciation for the Irish and our wonderful food  reservations are not valued here.  We had a reservation for 7 and were told it would be a 20 min. wait.  Walked over to Harvest Moon Grille and had lunch instead.  Wish I could have reviewed the food..." The large employee guy with blonde hair was belligerent and trying to start fights with several us last night. He needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made. "I've been here a few times and I always have a pretty good experience. It has a decent siize bar with many options of beer on tap. I've gotten Shepherd's Pie and it was pretty good. I'll stop in again for a couple of beers  oh! That's right. I didn't get what I ordered. I over cooked greasy fries like everyone else. The brisket was very good thought. It had shoe string onion rings and slaw on it. The meat was a bit over cooked. It was a beautiful day to hand with friends on the sunny deck!"  did get a little busy but was very much like a dive bar  meet up before going out or hitting this place late night Ri Ra is a great spot in Charlotte. Right down town and close to night life and the professional sector. I eat here often and I have yet to have a bad experience. Brunch here is amazing  and they have live music later in the evening on weekdays." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  and a fun night. I give Ri Ra a thumbs up!"  but could not get served. We sat down at one of the tables ( more or less stood by it because it needed cleaning) & waited for a server. One did walk by our table to grab the tip from the table behind us  but the Staff at RiRa handled our group of 19 on a thirsty Thursday evening with ease!  Don't let uptown parking scare you away from crashing this party So it was Monday night and St Patties day to top it off. The crew remembered me from my day time lunch roamings. It was nice to have a Guiness or two  I'd probably stop in here again just for old time's sake. And if you have never been Stopped in on whim for Happy Hour.  Had delicious fish tacos.  All small plates were half off for Happy Hour making this place a steal for good food.  Will definitely be returning! Ri Ra is a fairly nice looking place with a decent selection of beers on tap Really nice outdoor patio. Sunday drink special on whiskey was really good. Very reasonable price for uptown. Nice variations on Irish cuisine.  Worth checking out!  and enjoy the great food.  Menu prices are just a little steep but worth the price as you relish the Irish cuisine with a Guinness!" I've been here a few times at this point and it's always fairly good. The food is decent but nothing to rave about and the atmosphere is a good one. I haven't hung out here but from what I understand it's good for the bar experience. I usually go here to dine though as it's convenient to the Belk Theatre. This last visit I had steak tips and potatoes and honestly it wasn't great. The meat had a funny taste to it and the potatoes had no taste to them and some of them had gone bad I think. My grandmother had the fish and chips and she said it was decent. So for what it's worth that was our last experience. I've kind of combined all my trips into this one rating so 3 stars is about all I'd give it. This place is great. Good servers.  Takiyyah is the best. Ask for her.  Great food and a great place to bring a large group. We also got the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer. It was super creamy and cheesy- I'd definitely recommend it!"  service is awesome. Love the atmosphere!"  relaxed environment. A Charlotte favorite for me." One of my first experiences in uptown when I moved here...what a great Irish pub not to mention the food is out of this world...definitely recommend  but there is no way for me to know because they were out of utensils.   How can a place that makes salads to go be out of utensils?  And the worst part is that you don't know it until you already through the line and have paid.  They should let people know before they pay.  The guy at the register made no apology or attempt to find some way to provide something to eat with.  Now sitting at my desk with a salad that I can't eat  which was really good. The bread was done just like a Cuban sandwich down in Miami. The sweet potato fries were OK Fun place! Good food and drinks. Live band upstairs on the weekends. However the bartender lost my credit card when I went to close it out only to call me the next day to say they found it. Too bad I had already closed my account. Maybe they should get a better system like swiping when you order vs. holding it? Now I'm not the type of guy who tries to find fault at every little thing to get a free meal. But come on. I would assume We visited this pub on our first trip to Charlotte. The Guinness Stew and Potato Cakes were very tasty. Our server was friendly and fast. Our beers were never empty before we had a refill. Great place!  on a Friday night there should not be only 2 bartenders for a packed bar. Easily takes 10 min to get a drink. I like the space and the patio but it means nothing if I can't get a drink."  it was busy but the bartenders were on top of it. They seemed to get to each person quickly and made the drinks quickly. I was very impressed. The drink prices seems on par for what you would expect  as well. I liked it and the atmosphere of the bar." Just had an Angus beef blue cheese burger with onions mushrooms and cheese that was out of this world.  there are staff from Erin who are happy to serve you.  The Guinness is good and the craic is better when with friends.  Only complaint is that I think they deep fry the white and black pudding which is a no-no..."  with the traditional wood paneling everywhere. Plenty of tvs for us to watch the games. We came in for a late brunch and it's was so delicious. My coffee came in it's own French press (which I will now buy for myself) and the breakfast sandwich had bangers WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ It was nice to have a late night eating option in uptown Spinach dip the only saving grace. Oh  they acted like making a drink for me was outside of their job description. Even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were. Never going back." "Ri Ra's is right outside of my office ... so my colleagues and I frequent it a few times a month. Their burgers are delicious ... you can't go wrong with the 704  the staff didn't have to be as great as they were (really could have just sent us on our way)  the dubliner was awesome (I love lamb meat)" "I ordered the stuffed French toast and ""won brunch"" amongst the group of seven I was with. I highly recommend it. Don't waste your time and calories on anything else!"  Food blogger at Fiction Faith & Foodies"  $12 for a basic hamburger and $14 for a Reuben sandwich. Might be a good place to drink but save your money regarding their food."  etc if you're under 27 and looking to bar hop Uptown. Their fish and chips looked as if it had been dunked in Vaseline  and we got a few Reuben sandwiches. All was good. They have a few of dipping sauces for the fries and pickles. Went well with a good Guinness. Our server Alex was super nice and although it was busy we got our good and drinks in a timely manner. Cool little spot to pop in when in Charlotte."  and salad options. My favorite item on the menu so fast has got to be the honey mustard grilled chicken spinach wrap. I highly recommend this place for your lunch option. It also doesn't hurt that they are literally right next door to my work so I don't have to walk far." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  they ""lost"" our reservation that I had received confirmation of weeks prior. I guess luckily they weren't busy and we were able to be sat in about 15min. Our waitress was either new or not having a good night as she was very not a people person that evening. About 5 of the menu items we asked about or tried to order were all sold out or discontinued. I went there specifically for the Guinness Beef Stew and was informed that even though it was on the Chef's Specials menu "Excellent beer selection and wonderful food choices. The fish and chips is the best I've ever eaten. We love making this a stop on our bar hopping nights They've just redone their lunch menu. I must say this is the best burger I've had in Charlotte! Always had fun here at night and beer is always gold and delicious. Ri Ras is my new favorite go-to burger place for lunch. Love it! I'd rather be here than a few of the other spots I saw nearby. Plan on dropping a 20 spot for a couple beers and an app."  great atmosphere to get together with friends but not my first choice and not sure I would return anytime soon."  the menu was recently changed significantly reducing menu options including the elimination the best item on the menu - Guinness stew.    How does an Irish bar eliminate Guinness. Stew???  Know your customers  but simple menu. Had an awesome lamb burger and the hand cut chips  she gave the impression that she was hurrying us out the door--she asked if we were ready for the check but failed to ask if we wanted dessert (we did). She wasn't the only poor server---after our meal  RI. Ordered fish and chips and short ribs. Ratio of fish to fries left my husband hoping for more fish. Short rib was chewy although flavor was good-- not worth $18. Although I respect and appreciate the fact it was grass fed. Additionally we were seated at a table that was super awkward-- legs made sliding into the booth cumbersome. Decent service. Probably will check out the myriad other places Charlotte has to offer before I'd come back"  he was able to entertain and regale us throughout the night with his stories and random old-world European knowledge of this little former English colony of North Carolina."  our waiter Ray is five months removed from Ireland bringing a real Irish flare.   Service was outstanding.   Would recommend highly for a casual night out on the town." Sorry to be so mean in this review....but this is unfathomable" The Whiskey Room atmosphere is wonderful. Ask for Ray or Adam; I got an education on Irish whiskey tonight and they won't steer you wrong.  but I had such a great experience I will definitely have to go back to try the food." The inside bar is tastefully done and still holds strong to the Irish theme. The best spot for a quiet rooftop drink without a ton of people. Ordered food from brunch menu to find out after half an hour that they are not serving brunch. The reason the brunch menu is new and shouldn't have been out until next week. Well we had food from the same menu two months ago.  spinach and artichoke dip and Fish and Chips!!  Great date night!! All amazing!! Great for live bands when you can catch them!!"  fast service for lunch. The pub and the woodwork are beautiful. It has a great atmosphere for business or for fun." I definitely will keep this place in mind in the future."  a pickle spear and a cup of water cost me $10.01. Threw most of it out. I will not be returning. My lunch companion had roast beef and regretted ordering anything. Find another lunch option if you care about taste and price."  the rye bread!! How did I leave this till the end. We thought it was one of the best we had. And the butter that comes with it were real Irish. So good job all around impressing us. Thanks."  was very friendly and responsive.  I got the pot pie and it was great.  The lamb made it.  I tried a local brew and an Irish beer.  Both were delicious.  I will come back next time."  the bouncer made us leave our table right away to clear all the chairs from the floor.  We didn't even have the tab yet.  Bouncer was extremely rude.  Wouldn't go back there again" Because we were watching the match I decided to finish off the meal with an Irish coffee.  Which can be risky... They actually serve it the correct way!  Coffee  offerings.  Sadly the service (or lack thereof) means we won't be bringing our big groups back here. It really seemed like the server was out of her element." Update: a member of my party shared the experience with a manager and she adjusted the bill to compensate for the service. That earns an additional star from me."  but avoid this place on the weekends. It changes from an Irish pub to a douchebag magnet club with ridiculously loud hip hop and Pop 40 music ." The service itself wasn't to great either. We had a group of people and you would expect him to take everyone's order at the same time but everyone had to call him individually to place a food order which caused everyone to eat at a different time and in the end people still didn't get their food until we almost had to leave again." Not too much to say bad about this place. The ambiance was what you would expect from a true Irish pub. I especially their specialized seating. For instance we had a raised booth next to a storm fireplace that overlooked one of the bars. The food was excellent as well. The deep fried Reuben was probably the best Reuben I've ever had. Wife at the hooped salad and she said she loved it. I had some of the kid's fish and chips and and they were both good. Overall a good experience.  but there were 3 kids who were allowed to run around. The parents and  management seemed to be oblivious to the action of the kids. One of the waiters had stop so that he wouldn't drop the large platter of food!! The wait staff was not that great either!" Just ate there today.  OMG the lamb burger is awesome.  Excellent knowledge of beer there.  Excellent atmosphere.  It's old school wood walls and tables etc.  I felt like I was back in Ireland again.  All the staff was also European of that area.  England Ireland etc.  It stunk a little but so does the area.  Could be related.  Excellent food though and ambiance. Guinness Stew is out of this world.  I'm a fan of Ri Ra  or just some brews at the bar I have never been disappointed."  nothing worth coming back for. The service was poor (unfriendly and seemed very bothered to even be at work) and with disappointing service and mediocre food  pretty dark but definitely had the feel of an Irish pub. I will say the service was great. Or server was very attentive and personable. We actually ended up seeing him out at the next bar once he was off his shift and we had a great time hanging out with him for a bit! Overall not a bad place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks "We were there for my best friends 41st bday and sat at the bar. The bartenders attitude were like ""we r annoyed cause we r there"". Ordered food and asked for extra plates cause there were 4 of us  and learn tonight they actually recruit from Ireland for their servers. Excellent food grade beers"  bartender had a genuine conversation with me. Felt very real. Guinness was poured correctly. There was an odd  and you can definitely tell the folks who run this place take great pride in caring for their customers and representing their heritage in the food they serve.  My wife and I real liked the fried Ruben sliders I've also never had a problem getting a drink at the bar fairly quickly. The bartenders have always been very nice and make great drinks." Still need to check this place out for dinner." I'm visiting from New Jersey with one of my friends. We walked in and waited to be sat. No one came or even looked at us. We decided to sit at the bar. The bartender looked at us walked away. I assumed he would come back after helping another person at the bar. After 10 minutes he never returned. In the mean time a waitress also saw us sitting there politely ignoring us still. Drink less food less. Needless to say the RI Ra in Atlantic City is way better. When I come back to Charlotte I won't be trying this restaurant again. They get one star for having an ""ok"" live band on a Friday eve."  we were having a great time and really enjoying ourselves until we asked for the eagles to be played over the house sound system (as they are my sisters favorite band) the bartenders kindly went to the back office and got the eagles playing for us so we could dance and sing and enjoy ourselves until Debby downer the manager marched out from the back and turned the music way down and demanded to know form her staff who had turned the music up with a big grumpy face on her she marched off...the bartenders told us to take no notice and keep on singing WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ "My boyfriend and I went to RiRa's last night while waiting for our table at another place. I had been there before but he had not. I told him that he had to try the potato latkes and a Guinness. I had Jameson. We love the vibe of this bar. It really feels like we're sitting in an Pub back in Ireland. The Irish bartenders are nice to look at too.  The potato latkes were amazing as always. You get two in an appetizer portion. One of them was a little overdone on one side but still great. My boyfriend loved the Guinness and kept saying how long it had been since he had real Guinness. Even this morning  Ri Ra's is also home to my favorite burger in the QC. All hail the 704. Bacon...pimento cheese...fried pickles...brioche bun...delicious patty...it is unreal. This beauty along with their delicious Brussel sprouts are a match made in heaven (and make me feel slightly healthy...ish). I brought a recent convert here with me for a Sunday evening dinner after she expressed her desire for some greasy food (it had been a long weekend). Our awesome waitress Aisling kept us fed and well-hydrated. Most if not all of the wait staff are in a foreign exchange program so that's pretty awesome too. Ri Ra's is also one of my favorite happy hour spots. They have a great patio and yummy apps (spinach artichoke dip YUM). You will not be disappointed if you come here for any meal Drinks more expensive than other bars which was surprising" 