Got home and miraculously changed the battery with ease! Very thankful for this Batteries Plus location making the process simple." I went to this store looking for a hard to find mobile phone battery. They did have the battery and because of the great customer service I also bought a battery for my car! Great service and the sales person installed my car battery on the spot. I'm very impressed with this location and I'll definitely return for my battery needs.  and pro-customer service. I am very impressed. He deserves some serious kudos. Thank you!!!"  and with service with a smile. It made my day - thanks they explain your options and quality levels there fully charged and have always been in stock Did a good job on both my computers  these guys have maintained  and repaired our large format  printing equipment for 15 years and have never steered us wrong"  and let it sit for months as the first Epson repair shop I called didn't have the ability (or willingness) to service the printer on site. When I visited the issue again  but still needed the viruses removed and the computer reformatted to remove all my personal information.  He made arrangements to have that taken care of at no cost to me  it was as good as new!!! they recovered all data and explained in detail what they would have to do while they had it. I also LOVE the radio show and their facebook page. Informative information!!!" Data Doctors locations offer great service and their weekly radio show is amazingly helpful.  Then all the problems or issues they discuss are archived on the Data Doctors website to get help at any time. Every time I've used them as a resource they've been remarkably helpful.  Data Doctors got right on it and we had a new power supply installed and we were back up and running within 1 hour.  Couldn't be more satisfied.  Thank you DD!" Too expensive and had my computer for over a month for a simple repair! Non-responsive staff. Horrible experience! U could find much better places for computer repairs....  on top of what I paid for them to figure out the problem (which they were unable to do)  and he said its very possible that I had 250 viruses on my computer. He stated that this other expensive scan would be able to find them and then if I pay even more money then they can get rid of them. My computer was not even worth the asking price of what they wanted to fix it. I then contacted a friend and I was referred to another shop that would look at it for free....although they couldn't figure out the issue either...they told me that I have absolutely ZERO viruses on my computer. The whole thing seemed so fishy.  DD also did not finish diagnosing my computer in the time I was promised and I  had to keep calling them. They didn't even start looking at it until I was on my way."  however after reinstalling computer my printer would not work.  The lady on the phone said they would have to charge me AGAIN for reinstalling proper drivers.  Really?  I will never use these people again."  scan it and e-mail it back. Besides the fact that I don't like emailing my credit card info for security reasons... How was I supposed to print and scan a document when they had my computer? They also said that they were ""on a different system"" than data doctors  when I went to pick it up they said it was $400. I refused to pay and they then undid what they did to fix my computer that was just slow when I brought it in  but the other guys in the shop are crooks. ... avoid avoid avoid avoid......" "I was at my second home in Phoenix this week and called Data Doctors about data recovery on an external hard drive.  They told me to bring in my hard drive for data recovery and they could tell me within 15-20 minutes if the data could be recovered and give me a price quote.  When I arrived at their office I was told they have to send it to their Tempe Corporate office and pay $59.99 to run a diagnostic and then give me a quote which the $59 Last January my computer was hit with a virus that shut down my security program.  So I took it Data Doctor's on 16th St.  I didn't get the computer back when promised and when I picked it up they talked me in taking their service contract at $24.95 a month with automatic withdraw. So every month on the 17th they hit my account for the money.   About four months into the contract I decided it wasn't worth it.  I stopped by and told them I wanted to cancel the contract.  I was told had to have it at least 6 months before I could cancel or I would be charged $75 for cancelling.  Anyway I keep the contract.  It's been a year since I started the contract so today I stopped by and waited  for over twenty minutes while the only guy in the store laid a load of bull on two people.  When I told him I wanted to cancel the contract he looked it up and it had SIX DAYS till it hit one full year.  The sorry SOB told me that they would charge me $75 to cancel SIX DAYS early and this is after they told me in May I had to have the contract for six months before I could cancel and avoid the $75.00 fee.    I told him I would be back next Monday to cancel and he said I could just call.  No fucking way I'm going in there and make sure it gets done because I don't trust them.  I think it is fucking ridiculous that they can't cancel the contract SIX DAYS early.  There is no way I will ever recommend them to anyone.  BTW the computer ran slower after I got it back then before I took it in. "Yesterday I posted scathing review about how I felt after I couldn't get my service contract terminated six days early.  Today Kevin from Data Doctors called me to let me know they had terminated the service contract in accordance with my wishes.  He explained why the office person handled my request the way he did.  That doesn't mean I liked it and all the way around it could have been handled better.  However  and it is now working fine again. I expect my kids will be able to continue to use this computer for at least another year or two. Way better outcome than throwing it in the garbage. Plus Thank you Robert for all your help!"  but mac service experts fixed up my mac in less than 24 hours and it is working like new."  their estimate was much lower than if I had taken it directly to Apple. I was also surprised with a new bottom cover "Bryan at Mac Service Experts is top notch.  He has repaired several items for our company.  Each repair has been extremely smooth.  Good communication Great services!! Took malware off my wife's Mac book pro under an hour!! Will recommend them to anybody that needs their service.. Thanks again!! "Excellent service. Bryan was very friendly and great to work with. He even went above and beyond  by replacing my mouse batteries when he saw they were low Mac Services..... you can't get any better! Scottsdale/Phoenix' Apple Store ... great selection ... great help ... dreedful Apple prices (but you get what you pay for I guess) ... Via La Apple! l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg  but the assosiates are just dumb. They are also very snooty even though they have to wear a bland outfit every workday and essentially have nothing to be snooty about. Maybe its because they sorta have their jobs that they act that way. Ayway anythime I go in here they are always unknowledgable and unfriendly." l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg  because with my receipt I was offered a job.  Maybe they were short of knowledgeable employees at the time?  Or were just relieved by a customer who didn't have 50 questions prepared.  I politely declined..." The one in the Biltmore is not quite as cool as the one in NYC  the line is too much. i did happen to go mid december to pick up a new ipod since mine was stolen (and by stolen i mean i got drunk and lost it) and they were churning them out like donuts. pre-packaged and ready to go Take deep calming breathes when you visit this store."  it's always almost impossible to get into the Genius Bar. My iPod malfunctioned sometime earlier this year and after waiting in the store for 45 minutes to be seen Go check it out and enjoy."  I was promptly attended to and the store associate was helpful.  I had no idea that you are able to do so much with the ipod!!  So after getting cables and a docking station...I walked out of there $110 later! But what was great was that I didn't need to wait online to check out.  I was able to check out with the associate!  I love modern technology (when it works )" And why are they dressed like little Steven Jobs clones?"  I tell them why. They seem totally dumbfounded and find it very hard to accept that I indeed did not want the product. SO they ask a million question all assuming I did something to the product and rendered it unusable. Any fool can see it never came out of the box. So I repeat why I am returning it. Finally they say ok and tell me there is a restocking fee. I say OK as I had read the receipt. He said wait a minute. So I wait and he returns with what I assume is the manager. He starts his bull crap and literally yells at me about the fee and said I am going to have to pay it. I respond that yes I know of the fee as I told Him One thing I did notice was that they were hosting free iPhone classes - especially since this was shortly after its wondrous debut. At the very least This experience was a first for me in my history of shopping at a large corporations store. I'm not sure what is going wrong with all the other trips reported here (or why people are buying things at a store)  and it won't be longer than 10 seconds before a rep comes to see if you need guidance. I love it that you can make a purchase without standing in line or going up to the register! They have little traveling register keypad thingys. I stood in the middle of the store in the software aisle while paying for my iMac  I remember when it was the smart people that only used Apple products.  I have a Mac book pro This isn't the first time I've been to the genius bar at an Apple Store - I've had iPod and MacBook issues as well over the years - and every time  how I dislike this store.  What does a girl have to do to get someone to find her a macbook battery?  Seriously.  How many people do I have to ask.  And  and buying on-line just became that much more attractive." The staff was extremely helpful when I had troubles with my iPhone. The store is crazy-busy and they made sure my time mattered. I felt like my business was important to them.  as well as the accessories that I have purchased for them at this location. The staff is extremely personable and helpful when they aren't tied up with others. The only gripe that I have is that sometimes the store There classes for new Apple product users are great." I'm not totally convinced a Mac is the only way to go (almost though) but this store has some of the best customer service I've ever experienced." I wish I would've known these things before my last visit - I would've gone elsewhere or just gone online. Can't tell you how much I hated the experience. I guess the setup is good if you're someone who needs a lot of assistance  but when your ignorant to who has one of the hand held devices or don't even know thats how you check out. you can be seriously put off by the whole process. but now that i know. i have no issues with it. who really needs a bag anyways."  and efficient. Overall they do a great job of using their retail space to communicate what it's like to use their products."  huge cluster of people congesting the back of the store along with the prerequisite losers who come here to surf the internet.  The employees here drive me nuts.  They are either completely lazy or obnoxiously pushy with their ""genius"" title.  I refuse to call them that and find it embarrassing when one of these so-called ""geniuses"" knows less about the product than I do.  Aside from that  Apple has seriously kicked up the customer service.  There has never been a time that I've not had the Genius Bar solve the problem.  Kudos to Apple!"  call ATT and have the darn thing ordered over the phone in less time than I spent navigating the color coded T-shirt brigade at the iStore. Whew."  you make lemonade. If it gives you a rotten Apple- head to the Genius bar." get it? got it? okay." http://store.apple.com/us?cid=OAS-US-DOMAINS-applestore.com"  I'm thankful to have a working phone... I just hope I don't have to spend much time there in the future."  just like Whole Foods looks for people with tattoos and purple hair!  Right?" This store needs a baby intervention...I'm still waiting "BEST STAFF EVER!  Ask for Ariel for one-to-one training. He especially good at Adobe Creative Suite instruction. Do yourself a favor and try not to come in on a Saturday. Any other day of the week the store is fun to be at http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/google_ceo_suggests_you_change_your_name_to_escape.php"  understaffed customer service. If there was another option out there that was comparable  it's cool that whoever's helping you can ring you up right there in the middle of the sales floor. At least you don't have to go wait in a register line after you've cracked the code! :)" l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg A little hard to get appointments set." Once again Apple has proven itself to be an excellent company with great customer service." Went in for some dust under my iphone screen. They replaced the phone no questions asked."  I wished to exchange it. The employee went to the back and brought back some papers and told me to pick out another case. I grabbed a snazzy little blue number and was on my way. I appreciated Apple for making the exchange when they didn't have to I'm bringing my Macbook Pro into the Apple Store today in the hopes they'll be able to take care of a stuck pixel or two; it's annoying to try to watch a movie with a stationary white spot on the screen  therefore five stars. 'Nuff said. Plus it doesn't require you to navigate a massive indoor mall like Chandler." I love this place. I bought my wife a ipad for christmas from here and the sales person was very nice & helpful. In fact every time I have talked to a sales person at this store they have been very informative & helpful. I plan on buying an new imac soon from here.  and I like how I can come in with an iPod I received as a gift and trade it in for another one :) What I don't like is how unorganized it is to find an employee to help you unless you have an appt with the geniusii (yes I made that plural up). I thought it sucked that the Sprint store puts people in their queue even to speak with a sales rep This store has greatly improved customer service since my last visit. It's more adult now. Good job!  they have been more than helpful even to the point of replacing my phone two times even after I have passed my warranty cut off date.  Every sales person I have dealt with has been extremely helpful." This location is not quite as sleek and cool as many of the others.  It's a lot older (I believe this one was the first in the valley) and feels a little more dated than most.  It's also a lot smaller and has a lot less employees.  The good news  but I do not want to be told that I have a software problem when I know that I have a hardware problem and I have to return to the store ten minutes later! Give me that pass phrase that lets my Genius person know that I know what I am talking about."  the staff at the Biltmore Apple Store have been extremely helpful and attentive.  Customer service is emphasized not only with the genius bar The employees were welcoming and friendly and helped me solve my iPhone problem quickly!" I would recommend this particular store for their great service!  They certainly tried for me."  how high up it was when it fell (in my hand or off of a building?) and I said it was in my hand.  He clicked around on his device a bit and said ""normally we'd charge you $165 but i'll help you out today"" and gave me a free brand new iPhone 4.  Plus Grant Hill (Suns player) was in there at the same time. good service!!!" There are three or four Apple stores in the area (Scottsdale  I got to chat while I waited with Quinton who was sexy (and he knows it). I'm just sayin'. He carried my computer to my car for me and wished me a very genuine happy christmas. Very pleasant experience with every employee I encountered. I love those nerds!" Just enjoy the vibe of the place while waiting!"  more efficient customer retail experience than in an Apple Store. You might find an Apple product a little cheaper online but it is so much easier in the store. And it may sound silly but I love getting my receipt emailed to me."  "" My new phone needs an outfit""! (case) . Took me right in and hooked me up!! The store in itself is smaller than the one at Scottsdale Quarter but I love coming in here!"  no paperwork. Super friendly staff and extremely quick service despite being very busy! Definitely one of the better Apple stores that I've been to." Waited for 25 minutes before asking for a manager for assistance. Too crowded and for all the lovely blue shirts walking around nobody bothered to help those of us standing around. Once I finally got help it was ok.  I use it everyday for work and home) it's hard drive finally gave out. Right on schedule I was assigned Elizabeth to help me with my problem. She was very helpful and took the time to explain to me the cheapest and best way to fix the problem. After spending a good amount of time trying to solve the problem for free she found out it was my hard drive. I am going to be buying a new Mac soon and of course I will go back to the Apple Biltmore. Thanks again for saving me a few bucks and saving all my software and files."  even though there are bigger and newer ones close by simply because it is more dog friendly then the others. I appreciate that they offer this at this location and why I'll continue to be loyal to this store."  but everyone else seemed to be so willing to help me when he stepped away."  but I've always had snappy fast service and they don't treat me like an idiot just because I'm a female with some malfunctioning tech like other repair places I've been to. I'm pretty brand loyal to Apple when it comes to devices  for saving me money!  Elizabeth for her smile when she went through the tedious process of ridding my new machine of things I didn't need!  There were two other gentlemen who I have to apologize for not remembering their names/  Overall  when they don't even have a degree in computer science and or engineering. Seriously? Get real."  its very easy to find someone to assist you. The attitude of the employees really makes this place spectacular. The only issue is the wait time. I had a genius appointment and still had to wait half an hour to talk to someone once I was there. Still a great place."  there's nary a person to help me.  Last time I waited 30 MINUTES to ask a question about a laptop.  Either I'm addicted to apples or just plain stupid because I would NEVER wait that long in any other store.  The lack of customer service They have very technical team to assist apple products. I love the apple gadgets. I feel very sad if get them out of order. But no problem now. I get repaired  my laptop after a tech fault at  a nominal charge at apple store. I trust for their quick and reliable services. They have done a goood job for me.  just know that there are times when you can expect better service than other times."  I hooked up their test chargers to my laptop and it held the charge. Problem solved. I found the charger that I needed and tried to find the cashier... The place was packed for whatever reason  as he sat glaring at me down his nose as I complained to him about the treatment I was receiving. Really Dan? I doubt that you really cared whether the two year old in the tutu at the kids' station overheard me calling you a fucking asshole. You really left me no choice. If you are a hipster dude I came back for my appointment. They diagnosed the problem very quickly and said they would have it done in 3 days. I got a call the next day saying it was done. I went in picked it up and paid nothing as it was covered under my warranty. No need to show paperwork  leaving us with a machine that no longer functioned properly. We sought out the guy with the clipboard and he said there were no appointments available at the genius bar for 4 hours and that was at another store across town. We had traveled 50 minutes to get to this store from our home. We pointed out to him that is was HIS employee who screwed up the device. They REALLY didn't care about serving their customers. When a young woman arrived without an appointment DghMl81bONCh5ELnrgn4Fw "Not a fan of Apple but will say that this store is better than the one at Scottsdale Quarter.   Less Apple peeps at this one just standing there looking cool doing nothing! The guys/gals I have used for training have been decent  even when the store is crazy busy. I had the pleasure of working with Quin and Stephen and both are exceptional staff. Stephen gave the youth I work with an amazing experience through the Apple Store ""Field Trip"". I was impressed at how much they learned and it's always rewarding to see a child smile and enjoy themselves. If you work with youth and are looking for an awesome (and free) field trip  so smart at what they do with amazing service!  Thank you Matthew M. for getting me in and out so quickly.  I wish every store knew the ""Apple Way""."  this is not always the case in other Apple Stores.  I suppose it always depends on the employees.  Since I had a great customer service experience at this store  and are fast with product pickups when I ordered online. Can't think of a better retail experience. Third party accessory prices are a bit high though." They really do ""just work""." The guys teaching apple camp did an awesome job!!! My kiddo had fun and they taught us parents what they were teaching our kids! Will definitely do this again next summer! "This is my second experience with a repair. This was a warrantee repair (expensive logic board replacement because of a little faulty switch on the board - sensing the ""lock"" switch position on an inserted memory card). A quick confirmation of the problem Most Apple stores are the same but this location has exceptional customer service. I never feel like they're downplaying the problems I'm experiencing or mocking my lack of technology knowledge. The employees are very down to earth and genuinely enjoyable to work with. I will drive out of my way to go to this Apple store and if you're about to spend a good amount of money on a computer- go to this location where they will make it a positive and beneficial experience.  but I think they gave me a ""refurbished"" one..." This Apple store has such a friendly group of people here This store also has a tech support service station. I recommend making an appointment on line as walk ins will have to wait for the first available slot which can sometimes be hours away." Apple stores today induce anxiety. I prefer the old-school checkout register with a line. Their prices are high for poorly made products with too-short warranties that seem to expire just before your computer crashes or a cable is snapped. The workers here know it but their Apple fandom forces a blind eye. Genius bar is impossible on weekends if you don't plan ahead.  I only have my Macbook Pro and iPhone because they are incredibly sexy vs the competition. "I was helped right away since I had an appointment to get my battery in my iPhone replaced.  I even brought my laptop in because I thought I would be there for a while. Nope.  I was there for about 20-30 minutes.  The customer service was great 2 Stars only because the other employee was helpful speeding us through the online ordering process." This apple store and the one in chamfer are the ones I prefer to use. I will return" "The helpful ""geniuses"" at this Apple store not only replaced my battery but also partitioned my hard drive and fixed a glitch on the hard drive to do so. And they expedited the process so I could get home in time to feed my dog. I was surprised and pleased by the expedient  that's poor customer service and leaves me with a bad feeling about my apple products that I pay a million dollars for with monthly service fees."  I would still rate this location pretty well overall. The parking structure is covered and there is usually decent parking to be had Worst customer service! But they don't care! I even spoke to a manager and he would not exchange my defective device.  What happen to taking care of your customer? l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg I pre ordered the iPhone 6 and showed up after receiving an email stating I could stop by to pick it up any time that day. It was 7:30 and the line was out the door. I was told to come back tomorrow and that there's no way I was getting that phone prior to 9pm close. I've already paid for the phone and I showed them the email I'd received but to no avail. So I called the store on my way home explaining what'd happened and the kid looked up my name and said they shouldn't have had me wait in line and that I could come get it whenever. It turned my Friday night into a cluster and I'm disappointed in the way apple does business.  Seriously considering galaxy whatever and ditching the iPhone for good.  I was allowed into the store to ""play"" with the phones and check out the Apple TV.  Everyone here is so warm I'm Apple happy again thanks to a senior advisor named Eric. After expressing my problem and frustration with him he quickly resolved my issue and sent me a new iPad Air. "I came here to find accessories for iPod to hook as much as my surround sound. And I'm an old fashion in terms of gadget  insurance that I paid for in the case that my phone needed fixed or replaced.  That was the case when I went here and not only did the jerk who was supposed to be helping me fail to do so he also made my phone worse.  Then he blamed me for the phone not working after his solution didn't work.  I truly loath Apple just based on its stores.  I wish I could leave them but I have so much sunk cost between the Mac book Apple is just a cool gotta-have-it brand... and I gotta have it!"  once to see why my iPhone 5 battery kept dying so quickly which I was told was not their fault and once a few months later to have the battery and on/off switch when they were recalled. Both appointments took way longer than they should have because they were so understaffed. So when I bought an iPhone 6 last week I bought AppleCare+ with which I was sold on by being told I could just bring my phone in and have it serviced if there were any issues and it would be covered for 2 accidental damage issues (for $79 each). I left for Australia the next day and didn't have time to buy a case (the only ones sold at the Apple stores are Apple cases which I think are overpriced and not very protective). So I ended up dropping my phone in a jetway and shattering the screen. I thanked god that I bought the AppleCare and that it would be relatively easy to replace when I returned. After I got back to the States I was driving to work and the screen completely stopped working. I happened to be right by the Apple store so I thought perfect I'll go in get this fixed and only be a little late for work. I showed up before the store opened. When it opened I was informed by some guy with an iPad that their next available appointment was at 1:30pm (mind you I arrived at approximately 9:30am). I politely informed him that since my phone wasn't working there was no way I could have possibly made an appointment I guess they know their products great and just don't give a crap  the ""help"" was more concerned with getting me out of the store by telling me the they were done taking in new customers before asking the more appropriate line of questions. Employee kind of got defensive when I called him on his lack of professionalism. After getting on the same page Could use some training in customer service. Being rude definitely runs in the store. I would not be sorry if this location shut down.  I dealt with a total witch while trying to explain I had been at the store already for 45 minutes waiting to get this computer. I will probably never return to this store Not enough personnel to support the customer. Appointments don't mean nothing here. Still got seen late and I have a guy looking at my comp and another comp at the same time. Personnel hygiene is non existent for the Apple employees. Customer service matters. They've got it down." "Yeah I'm one if those annoying 'apple' people that gets excited when new apple products come out.  I'm (picture me whispering) a big nerd.  The staff here is super friendly and knowledgable.  I recently decided to purchase a MacBook Air and my friendly sales associate asked where I work.  He wasn't just creating meaningless banter but informed me of a discount because of where I work!  Achievement unlocked!  Ooh wait Will switch to a differnt company for my phone service.   ATnt is not the great customer service it was years ago." "I've been in here twice. Both times they fixed my issue without any problems. Very reasonable timing. Helpful staff Swiped the credit card. Signed on the line. I was done. The receipt was sent via email. I left the mall with 5 minutes to spare. Good enough for me." Great staff; come on a weekday when it's not busy and you'll be in and out quickly and knowledgeably. "This place HONESTLY had the absolute worst customer service I've ever experienced in my entire life. I took a cab 20 minutes to get there to fix my laptop and I was treated terribly! Granted I had missed my appointment  which never happens. They replaced my iPhone 6 plus and had me on my way in less than 30. Excellent first experience at this location." "I have spent several days at the Apple Store due to some software issues. Everyone at the store was kind "Freaking ridiculous! After waiting an hour yesterday and being told i had too many iOS updates on my iPad which isn't even a year old they ""fixed"" it and I went home. Had the same exact problem today so I went back to only be told I had to wait 2 hours or make an appointment for 3 days out. Are you kidding me!?! Worst customer care ever!!!!" Very knowledgeable and friendly staff. They are extremely fair and liberal with return and repair policies. I hate to admit but I have become a 100% Apple convert. This store represents the company well.  the classes offered for there devices are a great way to learn about the functions/updates as applicable. I would recommend any Apple user to go to this location to get assistance/learn more about the Apple brand."  great customer service and great environment. Use this store to help with your Apple needs. I hope this helps!!" I use apple products and really love them. Had every phone up to my current 6. I use their wireless xtreme router at home and two boosters. One MacBook Pro and iPad. They are all flawless and soon will try the watch. Josh did a great job for me at the Genius Bar! Genius bar is a joke!  Go to a real repair shop."  half the staff stands around with nothing to do while there is a 2 hour wait to talk to a ""genius"". Very frustrating experience It is located in the mall near Saks. For parking you get a coin that gets validated for 2 hours."  had to cal the store and they are fully booked until 5p Sunday. My friend needs the phone traded out ASAP. He has apple care so we walked into the store 2 hours before they closed to hopefully get a lil help. Of course the overly pierced hipster stopped us dead in our tracks. No option to help us. Of course the 10 plus ""sales reps"" are all wandering around like zombies and can't do a thing. It would take 10 min tops to just switch the phone and pay. You shouldn't have to make a appt I use apple products and really love them. Had every phone up to my current 6. I use their wireless xtreme router at home and two boosters. One MacBook Pro and iPad. They are all flawless and soon will try the watch. Josh did a great job for me at the Genius Bar! Zero stars what a stupid bunch of wanna be's please little people grow the hell up I have been buying apple products before the bunch of you have been born!!! I waited all day for my appointment that when I got there to check in I was informed I had no appointment nor would he look it up by the conformation code I currently have 8 apple products not cheap ones all that have been bought through Apple Store at the Biltmore I'm furious at their petty attitude and very disturbing behavior never ever ever going back screw Apple Store at the Biltmore!!  even though it's not the closest to me. I like the bustling vibe The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because I am very particular about appointments. If I made an appointment for 1  we browsed the new iWatches and even tried a couple on.  The store was busy but they have a lot of tech reps wearing Apple t-shirts roaming around so it is easy to get help fairly quickly.  I'm impressed!" So grateful for the nice gentleman who got all of the rice that was lodged into my iPhone 6's charging port. No questions asked took it to the back and got it right out. LIFESAVER. Wow. Bought my first Mac and I went to the right place!  I spent some time looking. Thanks to Trent and Jacob.  It was a big chunk of change but gonna be worth it. Staff here very helpful and made my purchase worthwhile. Spent all day playing with the new computer. Love it already. Absolutely horrendous! The apathy of the Genius Bar is unparalleled to anything I have experienced anywhere. I'm considering from switching from Apple products so I'm not held hostage by these condescending jerks!  I'm getting tired of dealing with apple and their unreliable products. Might be switching my products out in the near future. Get it together  it's going straight to ebay along with my crapple MacBook Pro and the TV box. If you're a wealthy person with unlimited income and can tolerate this kind of bullshit I had to make a genius appointment for my iPhone that was having a few issues. My luck (after owning an iPhone for 7 years I've never broken my display) I shattered my screen the day before my appointment. Aaron was extremely helpful and super awesome. He managed to swap out my device for a refurbished one and more importantly one with a perfect screen. All at no cost to me. I can happily say I've been a very happy Apple owner of only for the amazing service I always seem to get. "I guess I'm accustomed to NYC and the vast amount of employees willing to help out when you walk in an Apple store!!  One of the guys working there looked at me and my friend and quickly looked away (Ha! Ha!).  Another guy ended up helping me and was very pleasant and efficient in getting me in and out.  I missed place my charger for my MacBook Pro.  Bought a new one and with the suggestion of the guy who helped me The employees walk around with a sense of superiority over everyone else. Relax you work at a retail store just because it's An Apple Store dosent mean anything your still a scrub at a store. Ok moving on horrible service they stand around talking while people wait to be helped. Just do yourself a favor and don't come here I will be switching to a galaxy after my 6s. I will definitely be back! Thanks for the help! You guys rock!"  but got an excellent product demo on the new iPad from an employee - lots of new things I didn't know.  My purchase was quick and easy."  but you'll leave much later than you'd expect."  I examined my computer and saw that the metal next to the black rotating part of the laptop fold had been gauged upwards from when the screen was replaced. This is ridiculous. I am definitely not ever coming back to the Biltmore location again!!!" Thank you Taylor for great customer service." "I'm a teacher and went to this Apple Store location with plans to invest in a new MacBook Pro since my current on is several years old. When I told the employee working with me that I was a teacher  but i still had to wait multiple hours. WTF is going on here. Why can't one of the employees help? What are they there for? Whatever you do She did suggest resale option though!" Worst customer service experience ever. Saddened and disappointed." emails basically anything. Most frustrating process of having an inoperative phone and no one able to assist.  Will deal with any one other than them in the future." I scheduled an appointment in advance to have an iphone looked at and experienced unprofessional and disorganized customer service. We ended up walking out before getting my phone looked at. Very disappointing that people can not even manage a calendar.  which will be $299."" He didn't even test things out (my touchscreen on my iphone stopped working) just immediately jumped into me getting a new phone. I honestly deserve a new free phone with the horrible service they gave me and my friend who also needed help with her phone. I would give them 0 stars if i could because they were so useless and did NOTHING to help. All they wanted was more freaking money" l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg  no one has acknowledged me and there are 10 apple employees on the floor either looking lost or talking to each other. What ever happened to efficiency and customer service?????" "Had a 5:50 appointment that took me 30 minutes on the phone to make because the woman (Olivia) who took my appointment info in person yesterday must not have entered my correct email because I never received an alert for yesterday's appt. So l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg Sorry apple and apple biltmore.  You're both just  and talked to a rep for only five. Since my problem was not as easy fix I didn't deserve to be helped. Also didn't deserve advice on where else to go. Coincidentally when I called the managers name was also Aaron. I told him about my experience and he told me he would follow up. I just hope the rep Aaron finds a new job soon Excellent customer service!!!"  this is definitely the apple you should go to!"  it was ready to go. The employees were awesome. I couldn't ask for a better experience."  they'll take your used electronics and recycle them to Strut and Westech.  Other than that amazing and awesome convenience "These guys are awesome! Had a technical failure with a BMW remote key access and they provided a solution  and their prices are just right. Where else can you get your car's auto entry lock checked and installed for less than $5." It's nice to know that there is a place where you can usually get something that you need that is not carried by many other places.  They even will replace your iPhone battery!  Of course they sell more than just batteries we also have a great selection of lightbulbs.  I also bought a 6 V trickle charger while I was there. I highly recommend Batteries Plus Bulbs anytime you need a battery or bulb."  the vibe here was pretty negative. I get a feeling like the staff doesn't really want any business.  On one occasion I was in to purchase 4 small rechargeable batteries "If it has a battery and you need one just go to Batteries Plus. They have it and if they don't you don't need it.  Don't waste your time driving around to other places looking for a battery - save time  you should give them a call.  And even if that's all you think you want - if you're in the area you might want to go by because based on what kind of product you're using it for I even asked for a good place to eat...such a Yelper."  was less than 2 years old and only needed a recharge.  In conclusion...Batteries Plus will rip off your grandma.  Beware of the bait and switch." "These guys are great....they have every battery you could possibly want from watch batteries to laptop batteries....and all for great prices. I went in the other day to get a laptop battery after finding one online through my wife's employee discount purchase program for 101.00. However since I don't really like to wait on things....I went to this locale to see how much it would cost because I knew they had it. The battery originally cost 100.00 bucks but when I told the guy behind the counter about the deal I got online....he sold me the brand new battery for 89.00....with a one year warranty to boot. So I left the store with battery in hand....one year warranty...and a big smile on my face. Eat They had the battery in stock so it was much more convenient." Thank you Batteries Plus....Job well done." I would recommend this place if you are in search of a battery for your various needs." Great neighborhood location to recycle batteries.  fast service and I left happy. They found what I needed in a matter of seconds!"  called me back as promised on time and  with no extra charge."  but lately I was having trouble getting there before closing time. This place is open til 8pm on weekdays and 7pm on Saturdays!  Even 10-5pm on Sundays!!  This is great news." Called this store Sunday after my car would not start.  I talked to a salesperson named Josh.  I told him I was having car trouble and wanted to buy a battery for my car as well as have them install it.  He would not sell me a battery or promise that they could do any install on Sunday as there were only 2 people working that day. With service departments closed I stressed that I really needed their help and could not afford to be stranded.  Josh refused to help me and insisted that I take it to a dealership for service as my battery was probably under warranty. I stressed because it was a Sunday I did not care about a warranty.   I just wanted to buy and have a new battery installed.  This salesperson refused to help me.  Having owned my own business for many years I thought the owner of this location would like to know that they lost a sale due to the  lack of initiative and willingness to help by this staff member.  then you select the store nearest you and check stock. Then you arrive there to purchase the battery and they tell you they DO NOT HONOR THE INTERNET PRICES. When the internet site directs you to a store they should honor the price." Went here on Sunday to get batteries for our car remote and garage door opener. Took about 2 minutes total. The sales associate was super friendly and efficient. Will be coming back here in the future as needed.  and my only complaint is it once wasn't installed correctly and my car shut down dangerously while I was driving in a parking lot later that day. Other than that he said no problem I can fix all three and be ready in three hours" "Big thanks to Mike and his staff at this location! I called and asked for a particular battery  they helped several customers on the phone as well as (of course) the walkins. One recurring theme; know the model # of your laptop (or other battery powered appliance)."  new battery in my work truck and system checked within 15 minutes "Called this store last Saturday to confirm that they still had the old electronics recycling program.  Was told to ""Bring it in"". Since I live 24 miles away I drove to the store on Sunday to recycle an old PC and purchase 3 batteries and some bulbs. I was greeted by Josh who told me their bins were full and they were not accepting any materials . When I informed Josh that I made a long trip as a result of the phone conversation the prior day he said I shouldn't have been told that. He got very combative and rude. So I left the store without making any purchases I did give this store another chance and was glad that I did. Josh was very cordial and took care of a battery replacement. Good inventory and very professional. Just goes to show that anyone can have a bad day. All is well! Perfect Place to get the *Hard To Find* Battery. Nice enough staff to help me. Quick & Easy. 