 we had a nice conservsation with the chef about the Pittsburgh area.  All in all 8Nm_jcCYtMXYW0ODSHDiXA  was terrible. Severely understaffed. Three hours order to check. Worst of all the chef put cooked lobster tail back into the raw shell to serve it. Avoid at all costs."  give Sapporo a try. It's been there forever. The owner and staff are super nice and they really do care about serving you great food when you visit. They don't do lunches anymore 8Nm_jcCYtMXYW0ODSHDiXA We both agreed that we will definitely return to Sapporo the next time that we are in Pittsburgh."  huge portions and friendly environment. Great place!"  but with Sushi Three's improved menu and large number of vegetarian options  and pickles.  It was a ton of food and more than filling enough - I didn't even eat the salad and I was stuffed.  I will agree that the wasabi was pretty weak - I added tons of it and it added almost no spice or flavor.  Even though it was a bit pricier than I was expecting (my menu was outdated and said the lunch would be $6.95.  Oops.)  made to order sushi. More variety than you can shake a stick at!" Sushi selection limited...  Miso soup tasted a little fishy. sushi was dry and unenjoyable. the place itself is clean and the decor was minimal.  I was not a fan and probably won't be back. Will definitely be back!"  and I wasn't ecstatic over the Shrimp Fantasy I had. The sushi was decent. Most of everything else was bland and average. I don't know if eating at the restaurant would have made a difference or not. The delivery did come on time "I had lunch here this past week and got the sushi lunch special. I was surprised to see that there were only two other tables. The restaurant was dark and provided little in the way of ambiance. For $10 Our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1."  at least you get your money's worth! I say definitely give this place a shot if you're a sushi fan."  service is great.  Try the tofu salad appetizer." "I go there as a tradition with my best friend when she comes home and it's one of my favorite places. The resteraunt is quiet and low lit so it's very relaxing. Service is quick and friendly. The lunch specials are amazing deals and there's enough variety there that I never get bored with the choices. Their tempura is the best i've ever had Delicious sushi! Watched it be prepared in front of us and the entire place is super clean. Friendly staff. Highly recommend stopping here! Had lunch with my wife. The quality of the sushi was quite good. My wife had some tempura that was fabulous. Service was friendly and quick. We really enjoyed our lunch. We will be back.  this is my new number one. The spicy tuna roll and and sashimi app were my favorites! The hubby got yellowtail fish jowl You can't go wrong with Sushi Three. If you're a fan of sushi they are a must try!" "WAY overpriced and the rolls are incredibly small. I was not impressed with the sushi either. If you are looking for sushi "Good sushi and nice staff. If you eat at the restaurant it's always completely dead inside--which can be nice if you want some privacy Unfortunately I don't live nearby anymore so I don't get to stop in quite as often. But when I'm in the mood for sushi in the South Hills area  it was one of the best restaurant experiences we ever had."  like I'm troubling the staff.  And you have to drive through an apartment's parking lot to get there.  Very awkward location and atmosphere." "I have been going to Benihana's back when it was Samuri... I visit the Cleveland and Pittsburgh one frequently. The cleveland one is better but they are both going down hill at a very fast past. I keep giving them another chance and i keep getting disappointed. They have changed so many things in the past year and its for the worse. The shrimp the order they give you the food I like this place it provides a great atmosphere and can handle big groups. They also send you a coupon for a free dinner on your birthday and can use it anytime during your birthday month.  I would recommend making a reservation as they are normally busy and it takes awhile to eat. But this is a great place to go for a special occasion. It all depends on the chef who is performing for you . I have been here twice in last several months and felt everything was average . I have seen other chefs in different restaurants and they have put on a much better show .  I felt like this particular Benihanas location was struggling to meet the corporate concept; trying to do it with Pittsburgh locals who The atmosphere was fun. Our chef was very nice and entertaining. The filet was excellent.  Their salad dressing is a little harsh for my taste.  Over all it was a great time. I will definitely go back.  I enjoyed two California rolls from my stash of Costco sushi at home before departing for the restaurant. The difference between Costco's rolls and Benihana's...a toss up - just sayin.  The good news is  we asked if she could get ice cream as well. I don't know if she thought we wanted the ice cream free (which we definitely didn't!) but she said no Only complaint was when we arrived we were basically told we had to wait for another party to arrive prior to being seated.  Was told we could go to bar---after saying no we wanted to be seated they agreed.  We made reservations for 3 and had no idea who other party was so why could we not be seated---we were not asking to be served.  Over all experience was nice.  Waitress very nice and attentive and so was Chef. Eat in.  If you're planning on take out make it simple." After eating we hit the bar and had drink apiece. The bartender was really cool and the bar area had a great vibe and atmosphere. Sure The sushi during happy hour is great. The wife and I eat well for $20.  That's drinking pop though.  Don't judge. "It's okay for me. I don't love it but I don't hate it either. The sushi and hibachi were good but nothing to be crazy over  but the Wexford location does have the best hibachi food in Pittsburgh to our taste."  and just everything are incredible. The prices can be a bit high but it is worth it!"  but he is awesome.   To apologize the manager did comp our entire meal... We were a party of 10 -- and we took good care of our servers...it really wasn't their fault. Happy Xmas eve Tito you know how to do it right. Thanks." Love this place! Great sushi and have great sushi specials at lunch and HH. Bartenders are the best also. Marty is the man!  Benihana definitely has the best value and the best staff.  We visited Saga shortly after going to Benihana and just kept commenting on how much better Benihaha was." "This is by the far the worst hibachi restaurant I have eaten at. The food is very bland from the onion soup to the fried rice (which basically was white rice with chopped onions) to the chicken (which was so pale it looked like it was boiled). Hibachi food typically has tons of flavor and tastes good because it has some grill marks and char This place is crappy the only veggies u get is onions and zucchinis took the server 30 min to serv us drinks then took them 20 min to take orders by the time the chef comes out already an hour just for the food and the show after we ate our waiter didnt even recommend anny desserts just gave us the chek and leave with out saying anny thing els o i for got we were still eating like wtf im still eating and so was mi family and u just give me the check the chef just left like five min ago . I recamen go sime where els n eat  and the chefs are entertaining without being obnoxious like a lot of other hibachi places. I'm not big on sushi The best part of the meal were the cupcakes that my friend brought.  Do your wallet and your stomach a favor and go to a different Hibachi place.  Benihana is not worth your time or money."  service wasn't too good. Our cook appeared to be high and dropped things during his presentation. He had us worried while he controlled the fire of the stove top and flipped items in the air because he just did not seem to be experienced or professional. The food is always very good though and I have never been disappointed by it! The green tea ice cream is especially unique and delicious! I also love their buttery lobster and would definitely order it again! I really hope that Benihana stays strict on who represents them on the floor and monitors their workers' quality of work more because they have the name and the product down." Fun fact: Benihana is no longer able to pop food in your mouth because someone (in Florida I believe) got a hot shrimp to the eye and sued the company." I was happy that we had the option of brown rice and not just white or fried rice." So to sum it up our waitress seemed overwhelmed and managed to make me feel rushed even though I feel she could have visited our table a few more times then she did. That along with being overpriced is why only the 3 stars."  so I don't think we'll ever be going back there. I think Ichiban will be our new hibachi restaurant of choice."  so we figured we'd be sat right away.  Instead we were then informed by the hostess to please wait for a few minutes because they were getting our table ready.  Ready for what?  We weren't even asked how many individuals would be dining nor if we wanted Hibachi or the sushi bar.  After we found a seat by ourselves we awaited approximately for about 10 minutes for a waiter to give us our menus.  After receiving our menus from our mute friendly waiter we were asked if we were ready to place our order.  Our starters consisted of Spicy Seafood soup  so we figured we'd be sat right away.  Instead we were then informed by the hostess to please wait for a few minutes because they were getting our table ready.  Ready for what?  We weren't even asked how many individuals would be dining nor if we wanted Hibachi or the sushi bar.  After we found a seat by ourselves we awaited approximately for about 10 minutes for a waiter to give us our menus.  After receiving our menus from our mute friendly waiter we were asked if we were ready to place our order.  Our starters consisted of Spicy Seafood soup  and the lack of knowledge is a smack in a real Chef's face." "The absolutely WORST hibachi experience I've every had in my life! It was my granddaughter's 4th birthday and thought she'd get a kick out of a hibachi chef. Fist we wait 45 mins or so to be seated. The restaurant wasn't even half full. We chose the dinner portion instead of the lunch because by this time we were very hungry and the waitress said we would get larger portions. She lied. Our hibachi chef was absolutely horrible! He spoke so softly that you couldn't hear anything he said. He barely spoke and didn't put on any kind of show at all! Our 4 year old was so bored that she wanted to leave. The other party that was seated with us all ordered the lunch versions and they got more food! The chef mixed everything together so no one got a larger portion than anyone else. The only thing that we got instead of them was a half a slice of zuccini and a little bit of onions. None of us even like onions. My ""steak"" was at least 1 4 fat which the chef cut off and disposed of which didn't even leave enough for a small sandwich. By the time our main course was served our vegetables and rice were ice cold. We asked to speak to the manager who told us that they weigh the portions in the back before they bring them out to cook them. However like I said the chicken was all mixed together and at least 1 4 of my steak was complete fat and thrown out. The manager didn't seem to care at all about our situation. We paid almost $10 a meal extra for the ""dinner"" portion. He could have easily knocked it down to the ""lunch"" price "Benihana is my absolute favorite restaurant. Every time I eat here the food is delicious and consistent. I pour that delicious pink sauce (""yum-yum sauce"") all over everything  the food was good and we all had a great time. Oh and a side note- their Shirley temple's are awesome!" "If it isn't broken please for the love of god leave it alone!! I have had the good fortune to eat at and experience some really fine restaurants around the country. So it may suprise some that locally two chains never failed to bring me back again and again. Benihana was one of them. Sometimes I ate there 4 or 5 times a month. Imagine my disappointment when twice I order my ""go to"" chicken and shrimp only to find shrimp is now colossal shrimp that had the consistency of shoe leather and mushrooms apparently don't apply. Service consisted of being scorned by an older Asian lady and told ""it will be a while"" to get my order corrected because they are busy! Then while I wait at the bar I ask about my favorite bartender I'm told oh they fired is ass! Truly more info than I needed! Especially from the new bartender with no personality that took forever (I was alone empty bar) to serve me my ten dollar gin and tonic. Looks like I'll be sampling one of the many Japanese steak houses not called benihana in the future. W h at a shame. How can someone take a restaurant that was so good and ruin it so fast? It really must take some effort. I just hate to see it. I used to love this place." To top it off our server was uncaring and disinterested.  This will be our last trip here as there are now much better options.  It's too bad a once gold standard restaurant is not any longer."  Beni fried rice is phenom and I always get an extra side to take home. Its worth the extra $$ and it re-heats perfectly."  and 2 people at our table didn't receive what they ordered. When it was time for checks the waitress became standoff - ish with us telling us that someone needed to pay for the food that wasn't received because she has nothing to do with the chefs. We requested the manager and explained that our chicken was undercooked. He actually ate the chicken off of a plate and told us it was fine! !!! At the end of it all  awesome hibachi food without the table of strangers and able to have a conversation while we ate. Our waiter was seriously the best. He took extra special care of us and really just made our night. So my suggestion I am not commenting on our chef cook because I could tell he was new and not well trained." But I feel like the atmosphere has changed drastically. I miss that authentic feel."  the server was the bartender and our server during happy hour! How is that a good idea? The presentation of the food was awful. Compared to other restaurants this is my least favorite." This is the worst hibachi restaurant in Pittsburgh. The service was very slow and the food was not good for the price that is charged. The food was cold and everything was flavorless. The salad and steak sauce tasted like cleaner. The chicken was also extremely dry. Nakama or ichiban are way better choices in Pittsburgh. Love Benihana! Loved my experience there. Had a great hibachi chef with yummy rolls to accompany my meal. All my friends had a great experience too. We capped off dinner with green tea ice cream - unique and delightful. "This is place is no longer what it used to be. We went LATE on a Tuesday night and they said that they couldn't seat us for 30 minutes unless we wanted to sit at the bar even though it looked as though plenty of tables were open. We sat at the bar and looked at a menu as we just wanted to order sushi anyway. Both the drinks and the sushi were astronomical in price. Also  my brother has since been back to Pittsburgh for a visit and did get to have his first Hibachi at Saga in Robinson. They were wonderful Dirty place and horrible service. Disappointed because it use to be good but now it's crappy "This place has been mine and my family's favorite restaurant since it was the Samurai back in the 90s. Over the past 20 years or so that we've been coming here  should not be working in any industry that has anything to do with customer service in my personal opinion." Great spot for a date!! And Best Sushi this side of the missisip!!"  I never can remember) on Beverly Road."  but you also do not leave smelling like your food.  I would suggest filet hibachi.  lunch is a great deal $10 for full hibachi plate. restaurant is very clean" What you wont find here:  A trendy atmosphere like Nakama ( I picked Nakama because it is also so popular in PGH)  but I think my early experiences with massive-sushi-overload helped refine my tastebuds and make me the sushi snob I am today.  Oh yeah Great sushi bar. The staff and owner are extremely attentive. Great presentation. Decent price too. And I got to sit next to Mario Lemeuix at lunch a couple weeks ago! But they have a great interior and place" Awesome sushi. Nigiri sushi here is a must-try. mPlWLIA4pkHMRtlQDm6UyQ  too.  Our waitress was very friendly I should also mention that they have the most amazing fried ice cream...ever...even better than Chi Chi's fried ice cream (for those who remember).  People it's seriously that good!" "Love Little Tokyo. Dedicated customers keep the place full all week long and on the weekends. If cleanliness is important to you  lovely atmosphere and super food....will be revisiting!" Best fresh sushi in town. Their prices are great and the service is good. They also own the Little Tokyo in South Side and both places are awesome.  but not great...I am spoiled when it comes to ginger dressing & this was not my favorite ginger dressing. The spicy tuna was fabulous! I got 3 pieces of Ika. They were good  never go away hungry....." One of the best sushi in town! Plus they are nice enough to let us separate the bills (and fulfill all our picky request) Thanks for being in Mt. Lebanon Little Tokyo. Might have had to move back to San Francisco otherwise!"  and since we live in Lebo it's convenient. Service is always very friendly. I personally do not like their miso soup but everyone else in my family does. Veggie sushi is very good. They will also do a vegetarian hibachi entree that's not on the menu  so I have 2 words for the non-sushi eater: Hibachi chicken! Dip it in that yummy shrimp sauce!" Nice lunch prices too!!"   this is not Japanese food. The food is ok but it is really more or less Chinese food. The soups taste Chinese and lack the umami quality because they are not hon-dashi based. The rice used for the sushi is totally incorrect long grain rice  will def. come back if I'm in town for work again!"  stylish atmosphere and excellent sushi. The discovery roll is fantastic!"  service and decor alone but the one chef did something so amazing for me that I added on an extra star. I requested a roll that wasn't on the menu and it took a lot persuading (our waitress) to bring the idea to the chef. Our waitress explained to the chef would I asked for and she said that he will try his best. All I have wanted since moving to this area is a delicious avocado and inari roll. And that is exactly what I got. I no longer worry about sushi in this area." The service was good.  That's the justification for the 2 stars.  Otherwise  and still seamlessly waited on our table; she was just so personable.  She got the largest (percentage) tip I've ever left and she deserved every cent.  She really made the experience special for us.  I would not give a second's hesitation to going back to Little Tokyo." Get the fried ice cream  get this for your house as I have tried several different bottled brands in the grocery store and none have that distinct quality that is found in a ginger dressing from a hibachi place.Our total bill with tax was $66 Nice light and open restaurant with two dining areas and a long sushi bar.  It was crowded with many families and a few singles at the sushi bar.  Ordered several different sushi rolls and was not disappointed....fresh and presentation was good.  Our server was very attentive and helpful.  She and others stopped by to check on us and refill our drinks. "Little Tokyo is simply the best fish in the city.  We've tried all the competitors  I finally crossed Uni off my bucket list here.  I encourage those who have not tried it to do so sometime The sushi was very good. The atmosphere was simple and charming. Look no further (and skip the craziness and mediocrity of Nakama) and go to LT.  Just don't take our spot at the sushi bar!"  this place has the best sushi in the city and in a charming location in downtown Mt Lebanon." mPlWLIA4pkHMRtlQDm6UyQ Will definitely go back again but only for the sushi and the sashimi" "This restaurant gets my vote for best sushi in Pittsburgh! The first date roll is our absolute favorite. The owners and staff are so friendly and welcoming. It's always a great experience dining there. They also have THE best ginger dressing! It's a great place to go with friends "Craving sushi? Then this is the place to go. It's well worth the drive to Mt. Lebanon. I wouldn't be surprised to find out that the fish was flown in multiple times a day.  It's always so fresh. The sushi gets 5 stars.The staff is also incredible. The owner goes out of his way to walk around and check on tables. It is very clear that he wants every guest to have an enjoyable dining experience. However  but my Nabeyaki Udon had a really odd flavor that didn't sit well with me. The place also smelled like fish 4 of 5 stars probably second only to Umi in Pittsburgh for flavor" Chopsticks down the best sushi in the burgh.  Consistently good. "This is now my favorite sushi restaurant in the Pittsburgh area and it is worth the drive to Mt Lebanon.  The staff were so super friendly at this family run place and provided excellent service. The owners were a nice couple that both stopped by to make sure we were happy  we were seated! The sushi are always so good and fresh. This is the restaurant where I first tried fried ice cream too! Yum!" KR7R5PrrbMsLMsNcntHvAA  a hefty price but that's the point of sushi -- a celebratory food you have maybe once or twice a year." "Love their sushi here. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. There is on street parking  and beautifully prepared. The miso soup and salad are also very good. I am greeted each time immediately upon opening the front door with a smile and seated promptly. Sometimes the servers get busy  this is probably the worst sushi I have had in a very long time. There are no descriptions for any of the rolls. They do not offer low sodium soy sauce. The wait for 3 rolls and 4 pieces of sashimi took over 25 minutes. Now for the food "If you want fresh sushi sashimi this is the place to go.. The owners hand select their fish on a regular basis only receiving the best quality throughout the world. This place has an extremely high turn over rate ensuring that the fish you are eating is some of the same quality you would find in most NYC Restaurants without the NYC price tag.. FYI- make sure you try the ginger dressing and the spicy tuna "We have going to Frank's for years and have come to the conclusion it is the best in Pittsburgh. We love The only suggestion I have is to include explanations of each sushi roll for the customer Best sushi in town. Try the spicy scallop in seaweed.  Great service. Don't get intimidated by the sushi menu. Your server will guide you if you ask.  the sushi is very good and the pricing is very reasonable considering the quality of sushi. The inside is nice too. The only reason it isn't my number one place for sushi Since we went there for sushi and the sushi was great we can't really complain."  but they offered their full menu.  We got the Maki Combo Deluxe and the Maki Combo regular.  We asked the waitress if the Deluxe was large enough to split and she didn't think it was.  We (two petite women) had WAY too much food and took a full serving home from the two platters.  The miso soup was superior Best spicy tuna that I've ever had.......because it's actually spicy and without the spicy (American) mayo. Second best sushi in Pittsburgh after Umi. Great uni and eel. Would recommend the sushi and sashimi over other dishes here. Wonderful sushi and decent pricing. One of my favorite places to go! The ambiance is very nice and the food is absolutely fantastic. I'd love to go again!  they deserve one star because they do have ONE amazing thing there.  Their Ginger dressing is unbelievable.  They sell it in tubs too because it is so good (only four bucks too "Best sushi in Pittsburgh by far.  I've lived in Atlanta and New York City.  Hands down. Frank Lin runs a very appealing business with consistancy.  After 5 years of loyal returning service  rankest caviar on top.  I couldn't eat it.  Service was lovely and ambiance great.  I'll be back but will be sure to request ""no caviar"" on anything!!!" "My girlfriend and I frequent this place as often as we can. Best sushi around by far. Lunch prices are awesome but you get their dinner quality of food. Favorites are probably black marlin  greeter and server were very friendly and I was actually in a hurry and it wasn't a problem at all. The quality was great. Only wish they had brown rice as an option for sushi. Would 100% come back again!! So excited for my next visit :) I got the spicy tuna hand roll and seaweed salad. It was amazing. Better than sushi too or beni chopsticks." For the food quality and attention to detail the prices are also extremely reasonable." "we have dined here probably 10 times over the years.  It's always a great experience!  I'm talking consistently good EVERY time.  Great sushi choices Must have been an off night for everyone."  Hot Tea and sometimes Yakitori.  Best atmosphere with a little Frank Sinatra & Frank Lin's presence.  Great time- great date spot!"  but this just seemed better. Hard to find a soft shell crab roll that the tempura is done well. This place does."  then you must try this place. By far the best ever sushi in Pittsburgh . The waitresses are so friendly . The environment so elegant Very nice sushi in Mt. Lebanon.  Service was prompt and friendly.  We enjoyed three not too expensive rolls--they have some great specialty rolls that are spendy (but worth the price!)--and had a great marinated beef and veggies dish.  The portions were satisfying and the bill was modest.  One of my favorite sushi places around.  didn't have a good experience and food was salty for my taste. : " The waitress was slow and had to be asked for refills on our hot tea.  The whole meal took almost an hour and a half and cost $75.00 tip included.  Not worth the price I gauge a good meal by my level of desire to return.  I will visit Little Tokyo for the level 4 food...and level 5 smile they paint on my face!"  but that didn't change anything for the service. It was still slow with everything from the drinks to the food to the bill. We ended up being late to our event "We had a reservation for the evening. A group was sat without the reservation ahead of us. We were 10 minutes early....and were unfortunately ignored at the door from the time we walked in. No buzzer for you. Afrer 15 minutes we asked how much longer and were told two minutes. Another 15 minutes went bye and we were still standing without a buzzer while others were sat. No apologies or consideration was given. We have given them years of business and was always underwhelmed with the service. The sushi is mediocre but had previously been the only sushi bar in the South Hills. This is no loner the case. I would implore you to try elae where. Jade Grill a block away  which is a sure- fire sign of a good restaurant. He is very loyal to customers to boot."   the staff are very attentive."  all of which was very enjoyable. Soups and seaweed salad was good. And they even made a special chicken and rice meal for my daughter. Pretty good  as I have a seafood allergy that are not prepared for this. We had to argue for them to cook the food separately. And they did not want to do it. The food is always good  but I did like the ""First Date"" roll. They also have a good selection of wines to coose from ... not just both types.... red or white. The price is decent for sushi (50-60 for two) so if that is too much I would suggest Giant Eagle Marketplace for budget sushi .... just remember that with budget sushi comes budget digestion." I personally love Little Tokyo. Sushi is always fresh and delicious. Hibachi fantastic. This where we we went after new home closing. and we often take out of town gusts. Frank and his staff are very friendly and accommodating. first date roll with soy paper is a must  also gotta try the black marlin it melts in your mouth The first date roll is a must for me every visit. Good sushi and usually good service.  the service is always great and attentive and the prices are fair for the food and service. This is a great place to head out for a girls night  but our last meal was fantastic. The quality and freshness of the tuna and yellow tail that we had from the sushi bar was as good as I've had anywhere. The service was also engaging and timely. Well done Little Tokyo!!"   it was a good experience." If you're a low-carb dieter there is a sushi roll made without any rice! I believe it is called the Dean roll & has a lot of avocado. This is still my favorite sushi place in Pittsburgh after living here two years. I've never had a bad meal here and the wait staff is great." Everything was so delicious ! And perfect portions . left very satisfied ! Left a good tip for sure ! "I've live in PGH for two years now and this place has the freshest sushi around! Try the Black Marlin when you go there  period. Run by by Chinese folks serving glorified Chinese food." I went on a Saturday night when the restaurant was completely full with a wait list. We only had to wait about 20 minutes and they were true to their wait prediction. Everything was delicious and came out in a timely manner. We started off with the spicy tuna roll for an appetizer and I got the chicken hibachi for dinner. This place never disappoints. If you like sushi you'll love Little Tokyo.  you can't go wrong with this place!"  temperature and options of the fish are extremely vital in finding a place that serves it. I won't eat sashimi anywhere else. I've been coming here for almost 15 years now. The staff is like family now."  tuna and salmon are delicious. The portions are perfect. The fish is nicely sliced and rice is sticky enough to hold its shape when picked up with the chopsticks. I like this attention to detail. The fish is fantastic the rice is a good consistency because you need both pieces of the puzzle in order to get the perfect fit of fish to rice Best sushi I have had in ages! Beats Nakama and Saga! Also the Sansai Udon Bowl was amazing! The noodle texture was dead on! Everyone at the table was trying them! "Little Tokyo in the Southside is my absolute favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Always consistently delicious and the service is fantastic. It is set up so the sushi chefs greet you on the way in. The manager hostess? always is very welcoming and friendly. I haven't gotten anything besides sushi  and they were all tasty and extremely flavorful. Although I didn't particularly care for the texture of the eel roll (probably because I'm not a big fan of eel..)  just squeeze lemon on them. Don't ruin them by dipping it in soy. Frank is very hands on. He's always there and talks to his patrons as he walks around. You won't be disappointed. Take it from me. I've been going there for about 15 years now. I went before he even had a liquor license." The warm towel is a nice touch and I really appreciate it!"  and maki are all excellent.  The freshness and options of the fish are hard to beat else where. The staff are friendly and attentive  but nothing to go out of my way for." Hands down favorite sushi spot in Pittsburgh AND its right down the street from me. I've searched and tried other sushi restaurants around the area to see if there was anything better but nowhere else in my book compares. I won't go anywhere else now haha. Best sushi I have had in Pittsburgh. Not fancy or anything but their sushi is fresh and tastes good. That's all that really matters to me when it comes to sushi. Service is ok and it can take some time to get your food.  this is by far my favorite of the resturants on Washington Rd. The sushi is great.  The entrees are great. The staff is very nice and attentive. Can't say enough good things about this resturant."  was excited to see what looked at first glance to be authentic Japanese food.  It was ok.  I will say it is the best I've found here so far at least.  I probably won't return "This place is a favorite of my husband and his family. You can't go wrong with the sushi or hibachi. The sushi boat is spectacular. I just wish they'd bring back the Maki Regular Special on the menu. After visiting a few times "Little Tokyo is top of the line by Pittsburgh sushi standards. The fish is very fresh and the specialty rolls are created with skill and precision. Nothing is drowning in disgusting mayo or cream cheese "I've been coming here since I started high school in Mt. Lebanon and have never had a bad experience. I trust this place wholeheartedly when it comes to the quality. All of the fish is fresh I might have scoffed at my little sister for going to school in a sketchy place like Pittsburgh Soba's wine and whiskey selection is extensive--10 pages for wine The bar area is fun and definitely a place for young professionals out for a drink  and seem only too happy to make room for you.  Popped in here only for a nightcap after our lousy Taco Bellesque dinner at the Shady Grove and it was the highlight of the evening.  I've been coming here off and on for years This was one of my favorite restaurants while working in Pittsburgh.  The decor is incredibly sexy and the food is delicious.  I don't think we ordered one bad thing. "THE place that I went for a nice conversation + cocktail combo in the 'burgh. Great atmosphere  fun crowd.  I would definitely like to go back again and try the food." My favorite of all the Big Burrito places..."  and all of the flavors are very good.  Attentive (but not at all annoying) service with friendly waitstaff The food is fabulous and the atmosphere in the dining area is anything but crowded.  Multiple floors and an outside deck gives you a number of choices on where to eat." A great way to spend the night.  Loved the seafood salad with soba noodles.   Asian cloppino and the filet have never disappointed.  Would love to try everything on the menu.  but not so rave-worthy as other reviews might imply except in comparison to the other offerings in Pittsburgh. Food was good but IIRC All in all a very special evening. Everything was wonderfully presented and service was very good.  I have to agree with the readers of Pittsburgh mag." This is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh!  The corn chowder and filet are winners! The service is always top notch and the bar scene is great! "This is an outstanding restaurant that we would frequent more often if doing so did not require payment of a $50 surcharge (for babysitting).  I particularly enjoy things such as the tuna tartare  but would appreciate maybe one more vegetarian entree to give diners a choice.  Also  SOBA should've been much better.  I would've given SOBA two stars  white linens and really comfortable chairs with some bench seating on the sides and four tops scattered about.  The ceilings are very high and there is a staircase in the middle of the room.  The top floor has very nice wood floors and a small wood bar.  The lighting is intimate and flattering.  The bar itself is pretty large with bench seating on the sides and nice comfy leather chairs for lounging.  I believe the doors open up to the sidewalk in the summer.  The service is always adequate this place is to DIE for! looooved the food and overall atmosphere. very kind weight staff.  and I didn't like all of the flavors overpowering each other. The ambience is really nice  and this place is just not it." We'll have to come back for drinks and dessert one day."  especially if entertaining out-of-towners."  service and decor. Now if they could just do something about all the pretentious people who flood the place..." I'm not totally sold on the originality of the menu  now I understand the hype!  I loved what I had ordered.  The Thai corn chowder is awesome -so flavorful.  The flat bread with hummus - delicious (the hummus had a citrus taste to it).  The avocado maki roll was also great.  Service was excellent.  We sat outside on the balcony - beautiful and comfortable."  our car was broken into in the parking lot and my friend's laptop was stolen and his window broken.  I told the bartender just in case the employees park there as well.  He was genuinely sympathetic but not entirely surprised.  Based on what the police officer said There's a parking lot available right next to the restaurant but spaces are limited. Street parking around the neighborhood shouldn't be too hard to find too." 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA Any who...this place has a high end warm feeling. Menu had alot to choose from in the way of Asian fusion. We tried the calamari which was good. Chopped salad was refreshing but not everyone at the table liked it. I had scallops - large and well cooked. Dessert was show only. The cashew terrine was so so. I would love to try more of the small plates. I felt the entire place was good enough to visit again."  he didn't ruin the meal and I can't wait to go back and have good service so I can rate this place the 5 stars it deserves!" 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  so be careful you don't order too much food. The tuna is one of the better items on the menu. Lobster maki is not great. Chocolate maki is the right choice for those with a sweet tooth. Service is the best feature of this restaurant. The bartenders are attentive. The clientle is generally upscale--you can always find a few profs from CMU to chat with at the bar."  but I have a special soft spot for the perennial chocolate maki." Went to Soba at the recommendation of a friend from San Diego.  Soba is a very upscale hipster restaurant that could hold it's own in any city in America.  I had the mussels appetizer for dinner--it's a fairly substantial bowl with about 20 black-lipped mussels in a green curry (?) sauce with dried (small) soba noodles and some yummy vegetables.  Can't say enough good things.  Oh  this restaurant features excellent food. Sat at the bar and enjoyed wine  we decided on two. We had the cream brulee and dark chocolate mousse maki. Both were ridiculously scrumptious." The interior itself was dimly lit and had a modern Asian vibe.  The wait staff was also very friendly and made some great recommendations.  If I'm ever back in PIT  but even restaurants in San Francisco and NYC don't charge this much for such a dish.  The Bronzini dish is always excellent and they try to add a few other tasty specials in from time to time... but in my opinion the menu doesn't change too often.  It's a good place to go when you want to get exactly what you want... meaning We were very pleased with our experience at Soba and it made a great anniversary dinner." This place loses 1 star because I can't afford to go here as much as I'd like." For non vegetarians the chefs tasting options they have every once in a while are amazing!!" Another one was the banana split. It has two banana halves covered by crispy sugar coating Great place to bring a date or come with a buddy to get a drink and an appetizer before heading out on the town."  much prefer UMI and can't wait until Mr. Shu get's back from vacation. I probably won't be back to Soba  you won't find a better option.  But if you want something truly original "So underwhelming. I've been here a few times and have always been disappointed. Last night the service was especially lackluster. And the kitchen closed and 10  and our server was pleasant but didn't hover.  The food's delicious--just order carefully if you've dined at another Big Burrito restaurant not too long ago  and were not disappointed.  They have an extensive wine list (I had two generous glasses of angeline pinot noir) and a great-looking cocktail menu (I don't usually go for hard liquor but I found myself uncharacteristically indecisive with so many interesting-looking choices).  Pricey  but I don't think I'm experienced enough to judge its price vs. the food...I'm just a pretty broke college student who spends all of his expendable income on nice places like Soba." "I was here this past week while visiting. The food was superb. The seared tuna was amazing-the best I've had anywhere. The scallops were also excellent. Appetizers were delicious. The restaurant is beautiful  dessert (sorbet) but the main course I ordered: soba noodle was horrible. It was way to salty which overwhelmed all other flavours.  Normally I would give a place a second chance  Casbah and Umi: all of which are excellent restaurants!"  or your first date or just a classy restuarant for celebration then i would highly recommend this. just be aware that the food is a little pricey and can easily run up for more than $100 for just 3 people including drinks." Highly recommend the tasting menu." 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  but you always manage to screw up just enough to not make you a place I would brag about.  Tonight Speciality drinks were pretty outstanding too....thanks Soba!!" 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  but... once again forgettable. It's a nice and casual place to go but don't expect more."  and this time did not disappoint.  I had the mushroom and rice cake noodles and my friend had the seared tuna.  Both dishes were great "Last night was the first time I went to Soba and I LOVED it! My friends and I got some tables in the lounge area and it was the perfect setting for a quiet Saturday night catching up with friends. The whole place has such a great vibe  no competitors yet. The appetizers I have tried are very good. This is an upscale dining establishment so expect that the food will be as well. They have a small lot that is always packed so you may have to drive around on the small side streets to find parking. I think this is one of the best spots in the city for a date night!"  and everything from the sour pickle martini to the smoky mezcal was excellent. We had two drinks each I would recommend it for special occasions because it was pretty price  I have a crush on you.  Your perfectly-priced fine-dining scene makes me want to pull up stakes and move in with you." I look forward to a return visit."  and the atmosphere is upscale and intimate.  I'd stick with the dishes that are complex and unique.  Don't go here and get the pad thai.  But you won't be disappointed by the exotic offerings!"  but a little too much. I kept wanting chef Ramsey to walk in and make the dishes more simple.  The pork wrapped around sugar cane  I'd rather eat somewhere with a better price taste ratio."  unless you are  looking for your Mexican friend's grandma's cooking at Mad Mex. Soba is probably my fave BB restaurant (I haven't been to Umi yet). I love creative foods and drinks and Soba delivers here. It's about 17-item small plates list seems extensive If the food were at 2 3 to 3 4 of the price I'd give it three stars. As it is  but the food is great.  Nice atmosphere and it is fairly big.  We went on a Friday night and we were sitted immediately.  The service is fast and nice.  Definitely one of the places that I will visit again."  some of the best you will find in Pittsburgh My only quibble is that some menu items are pricey considering what they are - I mean  then take the money you would have spent here and reinvest it in a trip to SF or NYC and eat well for a week. How sad is that?  Don't go here... you pay $30 for an entree Soba has consistently delivered a solid menu and fine service over the years. Once on the cutting edge of Pittsburgh's nascent culinary scene  calamari and tuna. Beer always hits the spot for me. Calamari was delicious with a nice mayo sauce with a squirt of lime. The tuna was tender! My butter knife cut into it so easily. The side of kimchi was just okay and the abundance of hot sauce sauce was to much for me. Fried rice went well with everything and balanced the tuna and sauce out. We then ordered the coconut cashew brownie which was delicious too as suggested by the waitress. The portions were large imho and while the service was fantastic I just thought the food was priced a tad high for what was offered. Seems like Soba would be nice for a special occasion or just to have a nice dinner though."  but not unreasonable for the quality and atmosphere"  but a tad salty for my taste. Great ambiance!"  and my friend's red curry exhibited anemic spicing. Flaws in execution are similarly prevalent; my noodles and my friend's rice were too mushy. Such flaws didn't detract too heavily from the dining experience  this is just gross.  And to pay anywhere over $100 for gross (or even anywhere edging up to $100) is just a slap in the face.  It's time for Pittsburgh to get standards that are above ground.  A restaurant like just should be nowhere near your top 25."  spinach dumplings) and the pad thai entree. Both were fantastic as was the service. Love it!" "I went to Soba with some co-workers on a work trip to Pittsburgh. The wine selection was pretty impressive (there was something for every taste) and the food was good. Not the best pad thai I've ever eaten (pretty dry This is for sure an exquisite dining experience."  gourmet class! Loved the scallops with Korean rice noodles. Am hard to please with fusion The only time we ordered entrees was on NYE. We engaged in their pre-fixe menu for the holiday. I can't remember what we had For dessert we had the frozen cashew terrine which had chocolate ganahce Service was impeccable. Cool atmosphere in an up-and-coming neighborhood. Definitely an interesting Pan-Asian repertoire." "I recently visited Soba this past weekend on a trip to Pittsburgh and I have been dying to return ever since. I wish I could get it shipped here to NJ! The food was definitely some of the best food I have ever had. The drinks were all very interesting as well. Very tasty! We ordered an array of small plates to sample various different things. Each one was better than the next. The spicy tuna maki roll was OUT OF THIS WORLD! The tempura green beans were so delicious too! We sampled everything from soup to salad and Korean BBQ ribs. Everything delicious! We even left room for dessert which was equally amazing. My friend had the sesame ice cream with salted caramel. It sounded strange to me at first but it was so delicious. I had the chocolate make which was so beautifully prepared and delectable although extremely rich with the dark chocolate. Definitely something to share because of the richness  I highly recommend this place.  I think you'll enjoy it."  particularly when $6 during happy hour. You can't beat lavendar syrups and St Germain. I've had some great dishes - the corn soup and the pad thai- but some have flopped. The lamb stew I love this place. It is right across the street from my office.  Great food and drinks and the ambiance is sweet.  I think Soba is Pittsburgh's best place to eat and drink." I look forward to the next time I am back in Pittsburgh area and can return  it is 75 dollars.  Apparently the only Laphroaig they have is 30 years old and no longer being produced.  And is 50 dollars a glass.  Drinking Scotch in Pittsburgh has been fun so far."  which somehow manages to be both sleek and comfy. When it's summertime and you get one of the seats next to the large windows facing onto Ellesworth  but we'll probably give it a try again sometime." don't get the chicken ramen Overall I can't wait to return!  The service KR7R5PrrbMsLMsNcntHvAA first let down from (for me) from the big burrito group."  I think you can't really overlook the general saltiness of many of the dishes.  I'm curious to see if it was just a fluke night and might want to go back since the restaurant was recommended by  many of my friends but there are so many other good restaurants in Pittsburgh that I don't know if I will choose to dine there again any time soon." I only go on special occasions But FUN place to meet up with friend for drinks" I want to try every single drink. So let's begin..."  but sadly with no degree of satisfaction for our taste buds or stomachs."  and the atmosphere provided a good medium for a great conversation. Overall Love love love this place. They did an amazing job. Favorite place for happy hour. Amazing ambiance. VERY good food. Sat outside on the upstairs deck. It was raining and they had the deck covered with the awnings and it was sooooo peaceful. Absolutely love this place. tvATNVv3e6lUTNrzvsHlGw  too -- comfy seats and plenty of room for chatting. Whether you come here for a drink or a meal Hope to see you there."  but the wait staff was really slow. I'm guessing they need more in the area." I couldn't tell if they just are unhappy in their jobs or if they think they're top shit and should treat their clients like they don't belong 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  yet it still feels very cozy. The servers are always friendly and attentive and I've never had a bad experience here. Definitely a great ""special occasion"" or romantic restaurant." Excellent food. They did a great job with the renovation- the place is swank! The only person in my party who wasn't blown away by their food the last time I was here ordered the vegetarian curry option. It was just okay due to its lack of complexity and flavor. But "I been to Soba a few times and I love the food.  The appetizers are particularly wonderful  their mashed potatoes have an asian twist to them and are a little bit spicy! I like the atmosphere  and like to come to the bar for happy hour." Food was great too but I'm giving Soba 4 stars because nothing was super memorable. I'll definitely go back Went to Soba to celebrate my sons birthday. Quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price. We have eaten there several times in the past but not sure that we will be going back anytime soon.  especially the offer you can't refuse drink-I had two. The food is alright. I had the pork and shrimp fried rice. I've definitely had better thai food in other restaurants at a much lower price..but come for the atmosphere Also the valet took FOREVER though it's a tiny parking lot right outside the front door and the booth was freezing despite a heater hanging way too high and no door. Heat rises....I thought most people knew this."  I did not find it specatcular to warrant 5 stars.  Casbah is still our go-to restaurant in the Big Burrito group The bottom line for me is that I will definitely head back to Soba again in the future.  While this visit was not the best due to the beef tips (hence the four stars instead of the five stars I would have given on all previous visits) "My husband and I went here recently to celebrate his birthday. We decided on the crispy tofu and the four-course tasting menu they were offering for the Chinese New Year. Every single course The upstairs covered patio area is great in the summer time." I had the seafood hot pot and J had the pad thai.  The pad thai was perfection.  My hot pot left me a little confused.  It sounded like soup I'd definitely visit this restaurant again!"  the hotteok will change your life.  Excellent atmosphere and experience all around.  Get a desert!" We did not stay for dessert at this visit but in the past I have enjoyed the ice cream with cashew dessert. Soba is really so good. And it looks to beautiful." My favorite place in Pittsburgh! The crispy  tofu there is so amazing! My next best dish is the thakkali curry.. The drinks specially the Asian plum sangria is fantastic.. Love the ambience! It's like a place in New York. Good veggie options. The drinks and food are excellent -- I've only had 1 slightly bad food experience here out of probably 15 visits. During happy hour  so we splurged.  John had the terrine and I had the ice cream sandwich  but I do think it's completely reasonable.  They've got a great wine list and the service is always great."  and the ambience is great." "My worst dining experience while working in Pittsburgh. Up until tonight I've thought ""these are the nicest people I've met"" more than any other city I've worked in recently. Soba's staff has cured me of that. Food was good not great and my server acted as though my table of one was a bother even though I spent 60 bucks and ate within an hour with a 20% tip. My co workers were interested in checking this place out before we all head back to Los Angeles but I'll let them all know it's not worth a visit. Pittsburgh has some great restaurants but this is not one of them."  but she ate it. Turns out to have been the best dish." 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  I still felt completely ripped off paying $80 for the rest of the meal and a tip. I'd much rather go to Noodlehead and pay $20 for a much better meal next time." I wouldn't return to Soba it just does not offer enough for me to justify the cost and it looks like right now they are having trouble serving dinner on a saturday night." "I am new to Yelp - even though I haven't been to Soba in awhile it is my absolute favorite place to go for a nicer meal in Pittsburgh.  If I ever have the choice - the Seared Ahi Tuna with BBQ would be my last meal on earth.  The atmosphere  but I came here with family and still loved it. Upstairs patio was a bit muggy in the summer Phenomenal sushi! High quality and well worth the price. Would come again in a heartbeat.  although it was difficult to soak it up with the yummy pita that they served on the side. My guests both enjoyed their meals. We finished the evening up with a creme brulee. It was quite delicious although there was a very small piece of hard plastic that we found. We brought this to the servers attention. We greatly appreciated the dessert being removed from the bill "Food was okay. Service okay. A bit expensive for the quality of food served. Thai corn soup jumbo crab??? Good lucking finding a piece of crab meat.  Pad Thai at a fusion place? Not good at all...Better go to a real thai restaurant for pad Thai. Tandoori Salmon was average. I still don't understand why they served their fancy cream soda warm.  A cup given with no ice and a bottle of soda?  Why weren't their any ice in the glass? Who drinks sodas at room temperature. This restaurant maybe was trying to be too fancy and forgot the basics of ICE.  Maybe it is really just me who prefer cold sodas. Overall it is okay "Consistently outstanding and creative food served professionally in a great and even varied ambiance. What more could you ask for? Oh yes Really savory food and pleasant service in an atmosphere drowned in Massive Attack. That's Soba." It is expensive but very high quality and It's a great place to come alone We had an early reservation so we could make an early show.  My guess is that the kitchen hadn't quite ""gotten up to speed"" for the dinner rush yet.  Oh well.  I would still whole-heartedly recommend Soba The old fashioned was well-executed. Went back for a second. Can't speak for any of their other cocktails." This place does Asian Fusion well!"  this is the place to go. It's also a great place for a date or happy hour with colleagues clients. Happy eating!"  I can definitely say that Soba has great main dishes and desserts and I'm hoping I can find that golden appetizer next time I come here." 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA Nice for a special occasion and with 2 $10 off entree holiday coupons it didn't break the bank."  though on my most recent visit my friend and I were disappointed that they did not have a Reisling available by the glass.  She opted for the Louis Latour Pinot Noir and I opted for the amber cider which was delicious.  We shared the Lobster Roll which was fantastic though I have noticed that the size of the individual rolls are now almost half the size they were from about 2-3 years ago however they are still absolutely delicious.  For dinner we both ordered the Pad Thai which is always delicious choice particularly if you love Pad Thai - I've never had a bad dish of it here at Soba.  If you love spicy food be sure to ask them to bring the spice trio of chili sauces with your meal.  Some of my other favorite items on the menu are: the crispy tofu - many times when I've dined alone in the lounge area I've ordered the crispy tofu and the seaweed salad - it's a nice light dinner option and probably the best tofu that I've eaten at a restaurant - great option for vegetarians.  The corn chowder has a bit of a kick to it  first to take out order and second well after we were finished to grab the bill. Hopefully we have a different server next time." Food is way over priced. Lobster tacos.... $14 for (2) tacos put together equalled 4 inches lol.... Sushi was very good tho..... Mule drinks $12 for 4oz .... This place is a rip off.... $80 for 2 people and had to go somewhere else to eat afterwards because we were still hungry. This is a show off place at best. Show off how much money you can waste in a night .  simply stunning. This time I sat solo at the bar for happy hour. You really can't beat $6 glasses of wine and cocktails. The Thai mule cocktail was so refreshing and smelled exactly like a delicious fragrant Thai dish. Please keep this cocktail on the menu for summer....this is the perfect summertime drink. Even though it is 15 degrees out  the others are extremely  great."  I am pleased with my experience at Soba and will most definitely be back.  The interior is intimate and dimly lit so it would be a perfect date night spot or Be careful about extra ordinary scents that can be unbearable to someone though I loved it." The food was delicious and the waiter was attentive and informative. Would definitely go back! Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh."  and I would recommend this place for a nice dinner. The actual restaurant has an spacious Not likely to return especially when the competition for novel and fun food is on the rise in the burgh!!" It's really pricey for the portions and quality. I might come back for a quick cocktail and app." I haven't given up on it here yet - and have high hopes that it's just a bump in the road."  excellent decision! I would recommend any of their desserts (we ordered the chocolate pretzel stack and we agreed it was in the top desserts of all time).  Will be back in the future!"  though. The chef even gave us an extra plate of salmon roll for the appetizer waiting time. The server suggested nigori sake (as we go sweet) and it was very nice. Amazing experience :-)"  tea leaf salad then moved to our main courses of pan tai and korean fried chicken.  It was all excellent !  for desert we split a bannana split.  In all with 3 glasses of wine and two cocktails added the total bill was $138 .  Which i thought was a bargain .  Will most definitely go back!"  twice food runners brought wrong food over.  Should be a little more seamless for the cost."  and I have never been disappointed.  I highly recommend eating the pad thai and washing that down with a fussy monk or  two.  Soba also has great happy hour specials. I highly recommend you visit Soba!" Overall was very pleased and will come back again." Good consistent meals.  Valet Parking.  The steak and the tuna is awesome!  Would definitely recommend.  was delicious. Now why did I give it 2 stars? Everything sounds great right? Wrong!! The server went out of her way to make us feel uncomfortable. Kept walking over to ask us if we wanted anything else (I ordered 2 drinks while my date got 1). She didn't leave us alone and didn't hide the fact that she wanted us to leave. What's the big idea. At the end she closed our bill early and said that we should tell her if we need anything else. That was our sign to leave. What a way to ruin an otherwise beautiful evening. So my advice to anyone coming to soba at around 6:30pm on a Tues is to watch out for Ashley. Hopefully it was just an off day for her  I had the tuna tartare with taro root chips. The tuna was evidently fresh and well seasoned and the taro root chips added a nice textural element. My mother had pad Thai  we did not order any super fancy dishes.  I don't know whose fault it was- the waiter or the kitchen or what but it was really really bad and I eat out all over the country all the time.  Worst service I've had in years and I'm a moderately tolerant fella.  Lost 3 stars for that.  Assuming the service was superb I'd give the food a 3 5.  Slightly above average.  I know this is supposed to be one of pittsburgh's best  and calamari were exceptional. But the Chilean sea bass was as good as it gets. I'm excited to go back to have the Chilean Sea Bass and the seared tuna. Perfection!"  I would come here again but definitely with my husband.  It's a great date venue but a little more hoity-toity and prissy dining solo (aka ""pretentious"") than I particularly cared for.  Thus  the calamari appetizer I ordered was great! And the vibe there is so chill with such a modern layout. The service is also wonderful. You can either do open seating in the really nice bar area I accidentally ordered delivery from here after spending a long night working. It was horrible. The fish was tough and the other dish was simply inedible. This place is far too expensive to be serving food poorly prepared."  for something I could get at my neighborhood thai joint for $12-14)."  and a beautiful (well stocked) bar.  The food and drink provided was well designed to represent some of the better tastes of the menu.  We chose a poor table  but on a trajectory. I have been happy nearly every time and have been here about a dozen times over the last year. Bar staff very attentive and good. My favorites are Bao buns  I'll make a meal from small plates with the sashimi and other fish offerings. The Chilean Sea Bass satay was unbelievably delicious.  It was seviche on a stick in chopstick friendly pieces. There was a subtle smoky flavor to the fish. The service in the bar and in the dining area was attentive and helpful in navigating the menu." "Kudos to Rachel C. and Yelp for having an Elite event SO GOOD that it brought me back to Soba almost immediately. I joined the fabulous Jonathan D. for a birthday dinner last night. At my suggestion When you feel as though you're going to an upscale restaurant you should know that they can at least cook the food properly  a great experience from start to finish from the moment we walked in to the moment we left. Valet is also nice as it is complimentary and tip is not required  but I'm still thinking about the crispy yet light shrimp that I couldn't stop eating. The soup was a welcome departure from most lackluster restaurant soups Well... The pad Thai was OK. Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap it was not. Baby puke with delicious beef? Hard to place it. Bizarre watery consistency. Shiitake was good too. Way too much hype for such underwhelming food. Service was so-so too.  Soba is a great place. Good food and drink. Just sit in the bar area."  I would definitely come back here for a drink.  Dinner is very far out of my budget here One thing I'd suggest would be for them to be informed as to where the fish is sourced from. I wanted to know where the tuna was from Veg Standpoint - From the start the ambience was great.  The food was huge portions so order less and order more if need be.  There are a few veg dishes which were nice but not amazing.  Still great place to go.  Good romantic dinner. The decor and ambiance in the dinning room was great. The lounge was beautiful and looked like a fun place to have cocktails with friends. We'll definitely be back." Spring Soba Noodle Salad is always so tasty and fresh. The atmosphere is relaxing with a lovely decor. Staff friendly and seem to enjoy working there. Soba serves amazing food- couple that with a great atmosphere  it's nice to sit on the covered patio. We always look forward to an occasion to come back here and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a romantic or just delicious evening!" Soba you are definitely on my favorite restaurant list and I recommend everyone to try it for themselves." appetizers were great!!! Entrees were just ok to be honest. Desserts were definitely good ate on the Deck great atmosphere. If you wanna check out Soba I would recommend it however it's not one of my regular go to restaurants." "We enjoyed our first visit to Soba yesterday.  On recommendations from a friend we be began dinner with the fried Tofu. Excellent! The lemongrass sauce completed the dish nicely. I had a Dark and Stormy cocktail with it. We ordered the duck and the black cod. Would recommend both. Our waiter was helpful and attentive. We sat on the upstairs patio. Beautiful evening  9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  intimate restaurant with an elegant setting. Valet is very professional and the staff make guest feel welcome. I had the pad Thai. There was so much food and I was very satisfied. My girlfriend had the Long Island duck which was pretty tasty from the piece I had. It took a little long to come so they comped the wine and dessert. Plus it was her birthday so that helped. The server could have poured water more often."  my experience makes me give them a five stars. We had a party of three and we waited a very looooong time for our entree to come out. Everyone else had their food but us. So the manager came out and apologized for any inconvenience Aside from those issues...the four course meal was excellent."  yet. We both decided on the hibachi chicken which came with so much food it was hard to eat it all. And the price was so low it was perfect. The vegetables and meat were cooked great and the taste was just right. My wife is extremely picky about vegetables and she ate them all. With the soup and salad and all the other things I dint have any clue why we got the sushi roll. I'm very impressed with this place and will definitely be coming back. Now for the long wait until next time." I would definitely return when I visit Charlotte again." I've been looking for good sushi in Charlotte and have not been able to find it too often. Today  they were all very good & fresh tasting. Sorry I don't remember the name of them. But for the most part I would definitely  recommend this place to my friends. I plan on going back. I will write another review on my dine in experience." There is a same restaurant under the exact address listed under sushiya japan. This is a duplicate.  but was not impressed otherwise and will stick to my other favorites."  the meat was not the normal cheap and fatty stringy meat you see at many Korean restaurants but were tender and chunky high quality beef with a great but not too spicy marinade that went far for taste yet was still very hearty and savory.  The vegetable Tempura appetizer was very crispy and not greasy with great flavor.  Again What a gem for the Arboretum neighborhood!" Very tasty!  We always get the vegetable tempora because its hard to find good vegetable tempora.  It really is outstanding!  The house made ginger sauce on the salad is amazing as well!  Sometimes the service is a little... non existant.  Had to wait a while to get the check. They brought boxes and we waited about 15 minutes after that for the check. There were only 2 other customers in the restaurant.  but the sushi is amazing!  Every roll I had was incredible and fresh.  Definitely my new go to for take out in the area." The only thing I'm sad about is that it's far from where I live. Regardless I will deff be returning here abs will possibly drag some friends here as well" It's Friday night. Staff appropriately Food is amazing.  Restaurant is clean and the atmosphere is relaxed.  I got the bento box with hibachi chicken.  So much food for the price! "Our favorite sushi restaurant got shutdown for a no compete policy. We tried this place in hopes that it'd be a good replacement. Our expectations were exceeded! The sushi was very fresh and looked as beautiful as the quality. We received our five rolls in under 15 minutes! That's very quick for Saturday night at 7pm! The server was very friendly and not overbearing. It would've been better if she understood English a little better. The atmosphere was casual and not very busy although I think the rain kept folks inside. Overall  but no soup change.   This makes no sense - onion and miso soup are the same price on the menu.  Good luck getting keeping customers with this rationale.  The place was empty when we got there and when we left. ...no wonder.   One star because  zero wasn't an option."  all were utterly delicious.  Will be back again for sure!" I really fell in love with this place.  Friendly atmosphere family owned restaurant was awesome. The pricing is average for Japanese food. I would recommend this place. The staff was so welcoming and I learned so much about their history I have only ever had great service there and love how friendly they are..."  we loved the playboy roll and the girls night out roll. Can't wait to try the bento boxes. Service was excellent too."  they had the best Bulgogi I've ever had. I think this is my new favorite place in Charlotte!" Somehow a random stop for dinner quickly became a favorite spot! Will be back many times!" "I have been coming here for a few years and really love their menu.  I love their Spicy Beef Bulgogi bento box.  I also adore their rolls from the dynamite rolls to the flashy playboy roll.  Even my picky youngest loves their ""plain"" rolls. (plain nori with rice roll)  Definitely recommend this place!"  their Halloween Specialty roll and the Rainbow roll (not pictured).  The presentation was beautiful and the taste was excellent.  If someone in your party is not a fan of sushi or if they are allergic to fish the menu is quite extensive and seems to have something that will please everyone.  We cannot wait to go back and I am looking forward to bringing out of town guests.  Thank you Sushiya for a delicious evening!"  however wonderfully surprised by the food at this incredible gem of a restaurant. A friendly wait staff and excellent Sushi Chef made for a most enjoyable and delicious dinner experience. I will definitely be visiting this wonderful restaurant again!" My favorite place to come on my lunch break! I always try a new fried sushi  because I'm not a huge fan of the raw kind..but I have loved everything I've tried! The service is speedy and good..nice chill atmosphere around lunch time!  it was delicious! I would've given them 5 stars if not for the higher price tag. Been to places just as good (if not better) that were not as steep. Still  the fried rice tasted very weird..kind of as if it was cooked with Wasabi. Only good thing we had from there was the gyoza (fried dumplings) and the customer service was very good. Oh and the sushi was not fresh and tasted gross. Nigiri sushi was not good at all and neither were the rolls. Really wanted to like this place but sadly never coming back :- ("  so glad we did. Everything was absolutely delicious! My daughter enjoyed her hibachi chicken. The miso soup was excellent. The gyoza was fantastic. The beef bulgogi was flavorful and the sushi was fresh and wonderfully prepared. Everything about our meal was fantastic including the service!  We will be back regularly." We had been looking for a new sushi place and this is it! Had a wonderful dinner with our family. Staff was friendly and attentive and sushi was extremely fresh. Will definitely be going back! Great good.  Very authentic food.  Atmosphere was clean and modern with Asian accented pieces.  Would definitely come back again.  laid back atmosphere.  Have a little TV set at bar that cycles through the specialty rolls for you to view.  I have been a patron for like 10 years now.  Money back guarantee if you don't absolutely love this place.  Gary"  and the waitress was very knowledgeable with the menu. We came in for lunch and I ordered the bulgogi. In my opinion  quick and very friendly. The food was delicious! We had 4 sushi rolls and loved each one. They are also very affordable compared to other sushi places near by. I can't wait to go back and try other items off their menu. They had a wide variety of items and they also deliver."  it took them 40 minutes to serve our food and the food was like warm at best.  The flavor was okay- probably would have been better if it was hotter.  Green tea served in cup with tea bag- not too authentic.  They asked how our food was and I mentioned that it was okay but Luke warm.  They just said thank you and walked away.  Disappointed- we will not be back."  Tempura Roll and Shrimp fried rice. The rice was just OK the other two entrees were excellent. Wife had the Panko Fish appetizer This is a family owned Japanese styled restaurant and it is simply delish. I'm there twice a mouth and never disappointed. The service is friendly and very accommodating. It isn't that big so in the evenings and on the weekends it can fill up quickly. Great for date night or family time. I'm a fan. The parking isn't bad but it is surrounded my other eateries so it can be a little confusing finding it. Great place This is our new go-to sushi place since one-u bit the dust and Osaka doesn't have shrimp tempura (it's just shrimp coated in panko breadcrumbs)."  and the sushi is fantastic. On another note; Bulgogi is not an easy dish to master and it's one of the best I've tasted. It's son the Providence side of the Arboretum so it's not easy to see unless your looking for it. Highly recommend it!" Had the sushiya roll which I didn't love. Tempura vegetable appetizer seemed small. Waitress started to irritate me with how many times she asked if we were done. Brought the check before we were even done eating. Felt really rushed to leave (Friday at 8:30pm). Left feeling disappointed and like I didn't ever want to come back.  the shrimp looked like it was just soaked in butter and the vegetables were extremely bland. The rice tasted like it was something you would get from a instant rice package. Did not taste like hibachi at all. & for the price and portion "Was busy so we were encouraged.  Meh.  The deep fried rolls were good - and some of sushi platter items were nice.  But some were not nice - like pull out of your mouth not nice.  Fine atmosphere for a suburb strip mall joint. Friendly staff.  Prices are high for what you get.  I mean if you're jonesing for sushi it will work - but don't get your hopes up.  The food we got at the price we paid wasn't worthy of 4 Yelp stars.  4 star staff "Yum! Close to home...check.  Not over crowded...check.  Great service... Check.  Good food... Check!  My husband and I decided to stop in for a quick lunch.  I'm so glad we did!  There was a bit of a lunch rush but the service didn't suffer because of it which was awesome.  My only negative which many may be okay with was the extensive 'fried sushi roll' options... I just don't understand it but hey they have other options.  I had the sashimi bowl which was delicious and complete with a quail egg on top.  Yum!  My husband enjoyed his fancy roll(the name escapes me) but all around it was good and I would return.  Okay I lied "I just had such a bad experience here. The employees were extremely rude  I'd eat the dish. I got uncomfortable with the waitress so I told another waitress about my situation. I thought everything was going to work out but the waitress returned and chastised me for not talking to her about it even though I did in the first place. Don't think I'll be coming back." But to be fair the other people I was eating with loved their food.  I heard the tempura vegetables were great.  Unfortunatley my experience was just mediocre. Thats the way it goes though  because the portions are pretty hardy. $5 chicken teriyaki with big portion of rice and salad with a dressing consisting of vinegar and sugar? its not bad at all  well priced and chicken tempura and chicken teriyaki are tastey. this is my go to spot when i want something cheap and ""asian"""  fresh teriyaki lunch box. Downtown Charlotte." "Headed over during lunch time for their lunch special. Easily the best price for the food you get. Looks like only one lady was working so it took a bit of time QMX1ssofSveU3qhVAKLnXA Excellent food and good portions for the price. QMX1ssofSveU3qhVAKLnXA All in all a decent lunch option in Uptown."  but pretty much every little food joint in Latta is limited to what they can actually offer.  It is what it is - if you want a decent value hibachi for less than $7 The staff was also fast and friendly.  I would take this over the superyuppified trendy salad place" Very good value for the food. They give you a lot of meat for what you paid for. The teriyaki is really Korean Bul-gol-gi the new fried pork over rice is great!!!  more Korean. $6.50-$8 for a meal in uptown Great specials averaging around $7.  The portions are extra large.  Large seating area.  This is your typical quick Japanese style stir fry.  Teriyaki and Hibachi stuff!   One thing that sucks - No egg rolls!  WTF? The place a hole in the wall with handwritten signs all over the place. The food is decent at a fair price and the people are friendly. I most likely will return. This is the place for great priced hibachi. The selections are the same as those restaurants who put on a show (but also charge double for the food). The food is always fresh and the service is always friendly. I moved back here from California recently and I can say that I've really missed these guys! Would recommend to friends & family.  but you should know that by the ""Express"" in the restaurant's name. This is somewhere to get your eats and keep it moving. The portions are HUGE and at a fair price. Service is quick and food it hot. I ordered chicken and shrimp combo. Both were moist "Don't waste your time. Overpriced low quality hibachi. You can tell from the moment you walk in (cardboard handwritten signs screaming no return  not responsible for food issues) that maybe you should turn around and leave. I however made the mistake of staying. I purchased the beef teriyaki combo (which was rung up wrong and had to be fixed after I waited for my food for 20 mins). The beef was over cooked and too lightly sauced This place is good if you want a quickie! Good Japanese hibachi and an inexpensive place. It is a simple restaurant with no fancy decor. No private parking. Large dining room and has public restrooms! Would recommend! Great food! I have been going here for several years & they never disappoint. I love the sweet carrots.  I have before and it was a lot better.i have never in my life had bell peppers in fried rice . I ordered hibachi steak  when I went to ask for a refill the lady said no refills when sharing! I told her we are not sharing that I bought my plate and I'm the only one eating and she kept pointing to the sign that said ""no refills if sharing"" I told her again he did not drink any of it and he is just sitting with me. She still would not give me a refill then I asked for water and she just looked at me like I was stupid. I ate my meal without anything to drink and I told her their service was far from acceptable and I would never come back if that's how they treat their customers. Take your money elsewhere." The reason why many of us in the community return time after time is the price. Their menu is shockingly cheap and the amount of food you get is beyond gracious.  Staff is always friendly and food is prepared quickly." -  Kabutos wasn't always bad.  I used to eat there every few months back in the 90's (before I moved away).  It's really gone downhill.  They now serve mostly rice and (now) noodles This resturant is right behind a highshool field so watch out if it is a game night parking can get crazy." To most establishments the art of service is lost  by far.  You can waste your money at all of the chi-chi I have to rate Kabuto on the level of all the other places in charlotte and surrounding and it certainly does not match up well at all . I did try their sushi and the teppanyaki. The sushi was basically grocery store level maybe even worse and the teppanyaki was overly salty. The quality of all there food simply was not there. They did put on a decent show though and I would recommend it for families with kids or if you live near by and do not want to travel to the other better places. Other than that they have similar prices to other places so it is a waste of your money.  its basically just cook in tons of butter. The meat were tasteless and dry and so were the veggies! They definately won't be getting my business again!!"  but different from any other Japanese steak house I've been to where they usually sing and give a complimentary dessert.  Oh well it was still a decent reasonably priced meal and the nephews love it so I'm sure we'll be back for her bday next year!"  Have fun.. take the kids too. It will be a good expierence for them." Arigato Kabuto's....... Arigato!!" Thanks for the quick and entertaining lunch service Another thing I should mention is that I got a 22oz Kirin that was past it's ""enjoy by"" date.  Not far enough where I wanted to fuss but I would probably will stick to more common beers there (you would think that would be common)." Kabuto is one of those places I can come once a year and be done with it. Average Japanese Steakhouse experience.  The service is friendly and the food is good but it's just not as amazing of an experience as it would seem. The bar drinks are not very innovative and are just sugary mixers and liquor. The kids do enjoy the 'spectacle' of the noise and cooking but once it's over everyone is just sitting there eating around a huge table. "Initial reaction upon walking in - in need of renovation.   I decided to stay as my daughter had never been to this type of restaurant.   Staff was very friendly (hostess That evening my son and I had some sushi as well and I will say the fish was VERY fresh. Had I known the chef was going to incinerate my entree Excellent food and service. The staff is very friendly and make you feel like home. I will recommend this please.  while the steak I ordered had a rancid taste.  When I complained the ""owner"" started raising her voice at me in front of my young daughter and three other family members screaming that she would not allow me to say the steak I had been served was spoiled.  There is a reason this restaurant is having to run specials on a large plastic sign out front  you shouldn't have to hurry them out of the door either. I don't like being rushed through my lunch so that you can have 2 or 3 hours to clean or do whatever you do before dinner. When 2:00p rolls around My suggestion? Go to the Nakato down the road."  (nicely) tell your chef what you need. The waitstaff are quick to respond to a request from the chef and they're usually a lot better at getting the attention of the runners." We declined being seated amongst the party in the large room and took one of the tables in the middle of the dining room.  The place was shabby and the floor was filthy.  I mean We enjoyed a nice dinner. My goddaughters and I love going here. The service and food were excellent. The chef accommodated one of us who needed gluten free and was very nice about it. Very nice evening!  which I am frugal enough to feel entitles me to a really great meal.  Kabuto was just okay though."  but not near us much as some other places that I have experienced.  We were there for Lunch and the prices were reasonable for the amount of food that we received.  However Food is great the only bad part of the experience is the hostess. My party of four called to make a reservation over the phone and they agreed to a certain time and when we arrived they said they didn't have our parties name written down. So we were forced to wait 20minutes until they made room for a simple party of four...soooo unprofessional Biggest disappointment after years of eating at Kabuto. We sat at the front table and ordered sushi. While the hibachi area was packed we did not anticipate a long wait for sushi.   The server took our order and never came back.  We ordered a few rolls and they slowly started coming after a 45 minute wait. The manager apologized but very insincerely. I believe he is a sushi chef and certainly lacks management skills. The final roll came 50 minutes after we first ordered and it was wrong not once but twice.  Very disappointed and will be hesitant to go back - at least on a Sunday night with an inexperienced staff. "I went here with a couple of friends a while ago and honestly everything was mediocre at best. For the price "Went there with my three children all under the age of 7 and our friends family with their children. The entertain was great for the kids and the chef was very interactive and engaged the children. There was a lot of yelling and shouting from other tables "When we came to Kabuto for lunch on Saturday we had in tow a couple of sad kids who had just been dealt a little bad news.  So we drove to one Japanese steak house for lunch; closed until 5:00.  Looking on our phones for a new place to go  rice and vegetables!!! Took some home!"  I do not like cream cheese in my sushi and had to ask for it without. The server took forever at first but was friendly; the sushi chefs were very nice and friendly as well. I probably won't come back to eat but it was ok to try at least once. I just know better sushi places. They had a crappy and small sake selection and their cheapest bottle was 18. I didn't even bother to get anything; I love sake and I always get it. Most of the time I can find something I like but they just had such a little selection of nothing good. Also I had to get a new soy sauce bowl. The one I had was dirty. I feel you should pay more attention to that. This place is ok. I don't know how the dinner part is but after my experience I have low expectations of it."  I recommend the spicy tuna rolls. Also if you're getting sushi and hibachi ask for children's it's practically the same as adults" Sushi is something you MUST have.... defy YUMMY and a delight to vegetarian. Visited that place several times! Early bird special - thumbs up! Wish I could rate this place twice. I'd give it two stars for lunch. Wasn't that impressed. Four stars for dinner. Fun atmosphere. Around five o clock is a good time to take kids for them to enjoy the dinner show. "Love this place! Cooks and servers are always friendly Service was the only disappointment today. It seems might be a little understaffed. I waited over 5mins for a refill on tea which I rarely let go that far. Other than that the food was delicious and chefs great. The only reason for the 4stars and not 5stars was the tea incident. I will have to try them again in a month or so to give an update."  the chefs are pretty cool too but the hostess is awful. The dark haired one took about ten minutes to come to the stand and then barked at me saying they were closed. I politely asked what time they closed and she said 9:30 in a tone like i was an idiot. Then she pointed to the clock that said 9:33. I was 3 minutes late P0aKJw8rb0DKLaGottHEAw  which was new to me. The noodles are actually pretty tasty. The shrimp are small in comparison to what you get at other Hibachi restaurants. Also all they cook in is Soy Sauce. No other sauce choices. Ot at least none have been offered to me. The manager that they always get when there is an issue and seats people from time to time  unfortunately the past few times have been horrible.. It's either a hit or miss with them. The chefs should all be trained to cook the same way but it seems as if some are lacking essential skills. The food has been bland with no seasoning or taste during the past few visits My family loves this place and so do I. It's always a good show and the food is delicious! My kids remember their first times here and it's always their pick for birthday dinners and special occasions. "Love the day I found out that Kabuto's had an excellent sushi bar - I go once a week or so - sometimes for take out and sometimes to sit in. they often have dine-in specials on sushi Tuesday to Thursday which we took advantage of today. Fresh Good experience at Kabuto. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. I always get the hibachi and my steak was cooked perfectly. I will definitely go back again. We came for her birthday.  The people were nice. Service was excellent   The food was good but a bit pricey.  Not bad for something different every once in awhile. "Amazing sushi and hibachi! The atmosphere is great! Staff is very friendly and provides exceptional service! Best restaurant in the city for birthdays  not even ordinary. Ginger dressing for salad tastes good and also the boss and volcano roll. Staff were not as attentive as other restaurants. Very pricey and they automatically add 18% gratuity with your bill." We will never go back here sadly. 4 adults and 3 kids and we all enjoyed our hibachi but All of the adults got sick after dinner that evening. We thought it was just the 2 of us until we talked to our friends the next morning who also spent all night in the restroom. Ugh  this is not the place. The steak was not seasoned and I had to ask for chop sticks. Good for kids "Our chef was great but our server forgot to turn grill on to prepare for the chef.  The waiter was then asking about checks and boxes "I went to Kabuto for sushi with a friend. Turns out Tuesdays in January sushi rolls are buy one get one half off- yay! I'm not a sushi expert in any sense  and they left out the soup appetizer! One of my favorite parts is always the soup or salad and its listed as coming with to go but I didn't get it and it wasn't worth going back. Other than that  bathroom has no heat...you can smell bleach while eating dinner."  we chose Kabuto for our holiday party. The staff took care of us start to finish and the food was great. I recommend the double NY strip.  Sushi roll for an app."  I make sure to go eat there at least once. The shows are so entertaining and the food is perfectly prepared. The sushi is always on point- the Volcano and Salad rolls are a must try. Can't wait to go back!"  then the guy was out to cook before I even to go my salad and he was not very entertaining to say the least. He had food flying all over the place. Then I ordered some mustard sauce and it was placed in front of me and 2 minutes later the guy came and took it way thinking it was the said and I could not catch him. The entire staff was hispanic Disappointed no Koi fish in pond to feed.  Sushi chef said they used all up for dinner that night." Our son was pleased and that's all that mattered."  fresh and really big.  It was a mouthful to eat a whole piece.  Plus I'm beginning to think it's kind of hard to mess up spider rolls  but it wasn't awkward or uncomfortable at all; everyone is so happy to be here.  You will be too."  as expected.  Nothing out of the ordinary; you know what you're getting into when you go to a Japanese steakhouse and we weren't disappointed.  I do recommend Nakato more than Kabuto I can keep going on and on about how great this place is. I will keep going back until they close! I do have to point out "This place is really nice and the staff were all very friendly.  We stuck to the sushi bar side and everything looked and tasted very fresh.  While I stuck to my regular standards  and the chef was on top of it the whole night.  If you are in the university area and are looking for a really nice Japanese hibachi grill Take your friends here if you wanna impress them with one of Charlotte's finest!  hands down 5 stars!  Can I throw in a comet!  Cuz this place is outta dis world!  :))"  but otherwise it was exactly what I was looking for. Next time I'm craving 100 pounds of food and some mild entertainment  so much food...can you say leftovers! As we got up to left I said to the table ""nice shoveling with all of you"". Not far from the truth...ha! So good!"  but much better than the run down Kabuto on Pineville Matthews. The prices were in line with most hibachi places  they also WILL NOT put you at a partially-full table if the people at that table have already ordered. I asked once and got a vague explanation somewhere along the lines of ""we really want it to be a family-like shared experience don't want the chef cooking for latecomers while other are already eating"". So if you really mind being a party of 2-3 and sitting at a table designed for 8 It's ok. A bit pricey for what you get. Chef hardly spoke. "On my way to a movie in Concord and I was craving some sushi....I thought of Nakato I had been once before for lunch and remember it being pretty good.  I've never eaten the hibachi - but they have a decent sushi bar veggies and sauces. Great atmosphere and very authentic Japanese style building. Great decor and try to get a table in their traditional Japanese style seating. Not recommended for dinner after special hours. Over priced and sushi is OK."  $11.95. Ichiban! DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYTHING ELSE AFTER 6PM." I really enjoyed the hibachi but have not got the chance to try there sushi yet. They are fast and the food is great. The cook was friendly and my meal was great and everything id expect from a hibachi restraunt. Its a little pricey but all kinds of places this style usually are but all in all its a good eat We stopped here last week to try the sushi. Nice atmosphere and the staff was friendly. We ordered a special of the day roll that we cant remember the name of and also a rock-n-roll. The rolls were fresh and good. An average place for sushi. We rate it A-Ok... The staff was friendly when you first enter this grand looking restaurant with hibachi grills on both side and a bar and waiting area in the middle. The sushi bar with a few tables is to the back of the restaurant. There were only two servers this Sunday night so the service was slower than usual. I have decided that there are too many other choices in Charlotte for sushi so I will not be back anytime soon." This restaurant is definitely a place to go for special dinners and occasions. The restaurant is very clean and spacious. Well worth the money and experience to try out sushi and hibachi."  it's a good place for some light entertainment with your meal."  and I love the variety of special rolls.   I have never had a bad experience here.  The staff are fantastic as well.  This is the place to go if you're in the University area!"  and a reasonable price.  Hence 5 stars."  this would be a great place to take a date! Sit in the sushi bar if you want a more intimate "This place is great.  My wife and I went there for our anniversary and it was delicious.  We had a sushi roll (don't remember which one) but it was very good.  We also had the hibachi dinner...I had chicken and steak  glad I did.  This is some of the best sushi I have had in Charlotte.  The overall restaurant is very nice and relaxing love it here! esp the early bird special chicken and steak if you are there before 6pm!  Nakato. Charge extra for fried rice that's bland  always consistent.  Come with a group and we are located in various places around the US so we are comparing it to what we like in our respective cities.  All agree that this matches up to our local favorites and is definitely the best place for Sushi in this part of town." 1PSnPPFVfp03iPfJRPWWQw "I enjoyed our meal here. I'm a big fan of the teppanyaki experience 1PSnPPFVfp03iPfJRPWWQw "The early bird special is the way to go.. The wife ordered the veggie dinner as well.. Despite earlier post i read it was plenty!! Of food.. The waitress was top notch and the decor is one of the nicest ive observed.. Only reason its not a 5 star is our bill was still 40 for two of us with drinks  the salmon was not good. It fell apart and had bones in it. I first ordered salmon sashimi and then got salmon nigiri instead. I also got the Crunchy roll and it was soft...not crunchy. Overall The rolls were as well nothing exiting average again someone said something about pricing and it is right 38$ is not ever age... Would I go again!? I might but will look for different places as well..."  along with gyoza appetizer and some fried rice. The sushi was very fresh and flavorful (I had a Carolina roll as well as a spicy tuna roll We had a great time and we will be back."  it seemed harder to get a hold of the waitresses. I do appreciate them turning on the channel for the A's Tigers game for my avid A's fan coworker." I've been eating Sushi for 23 years and they serve the worst sushi I've ever had!!!!! The service was bad as well! The Sushi was served very fast because no one was ordering it!! I wish someone told me it would be the biggest waste of 120.00 I've ever spent!!! I'll never return! Steak was good. Chicken was chewy. Service was great. Price not bad. I've had much better for the price.  and decent quality. I wish people would learn the difference between a four star restaurant and a five star restaurant. Look up Anzu at the Hotel Nikko San Francisco. That is what five stars is people." "We are sushi connoisseurs - Nokato has the best around here. The ingredients are fresh This place used to be good. Keyword used to be!  The fried rice was over done by garlic and if you love garlic you would understand why I didn't like it cause I love garlic. It was absolutely too much. Nothing else complimented it. Short ribs were horrible we didn't eat it and still was charged for it even though we told our server it wasn't good. Service was fine... But I think their hibachi isn't worth the money. The chefs can hardly entertain!!!  Anyways. Good luck on you're trip. It's in 2nd place out of two. And it's pricey!" Anyway...go here if you're looking for a good hibachi place!"  but we mostly come here for the sushi. They have 16 Teppanyaki Tables in the main dinning room and 4 more tables in private roomd that you do not need a reservation for 1PSnPPFVfp03iPfJRPWWQw I can't say enough about the service here. We had an issue the manager came right out apologized and gave us a free meal.. I will be back.. I'll be back for more.... :-)" "I brought a co-worker here for a business dinner while in town and thought it was great. We had some downtime when we first sat to talk about work and then enjoyed a great  but every thing was great from the food to the service.  We all enjoyed the hibachi and the sauces were excellent!"  having experienced far better. However in the current climate in Charlotte but I like some crazy rolls on the menu.  Had one that was good but not a huge selection.  I'll be back.. It's close to the hotels so easy walk." Excellent food! We enjoyed that they are one of the hibachi places that actually uses the ginger sauce on the side to dip with. The early bird special they currently run at $13 for a chicken and steak combo is an amazing deal too. They also serve noodle as well as the normal fried rice. "Good sushi. Didn't get the Teppan Yaki (chop chop) food....didn't want anything too heavy before my French class! Got the Hawaiian Poke Salad as an ""app"" and it was very tasty....Then a ""Panther"" roll which featured Tuna  but this place was nearby and it did the job. Service was also good although it wasn't busy at the time." Sorry I won't recommend."  this is hands down the best sushi place in the University area.  Kabuto doesn't seem as fresh and any other place is whack.  Ru Sans will forever wear the sushi crown in Charlotte!" From out of town and this was my first visit and I enjoyed the food. We had a fun cook which was also nice.  but... Maybe making it for so many people at the same time doesn't let the food cook throughly "Food was delish.  We had the seafood combo which included salmon scallops and Shrimp and the Filet Mignon and Shrimp.  All dishes come with soup  especially for the amount that they give you. We all left with leftovers and that's saying a lot because I almost never leave places with leftovers lol. The restaurant itself was nice and has plenty of space inside. The staff was helpful but took too long with our drink orders. Overall I am glad that I finally found this gem in the University area." We like Nakato's. It's a good spot to go to when you want some good sushi in the University Area. The sashimi is fresh and the presentation is somewhat artistic. Some menu items are just ""ok"" and others are a bit pricey for the amount that you do get." Very pretty restaurant.  By far the nicest ambiance Japanese steak house in the clt area.  Food was quite good also.  Service was excellent.  Sushi menu was quite varied for a steak house.  Overall and excellent experience.  only grilled. Does that make sense?  The food doesn't have any flavor. The sushi guy has major attitude. The sushi is not worth your time. How do you screw up shrimp tempura appetizer?  I know.. Don't cook the vegetables long enough so you're biting into hard vegetables. And the shrimp you can get as Costco for cheaper. This is a pass!!"  sushi was amazing.  The onion soup was good too.  The waiters were nice and attentive but not to the point of being annoying.  From the sounds coming from the other side the chefs were great.  Will definitely bring my kids back to try it. Gave 4 stars instead if 5 because the frozen drink that I got was weak." It wasn't the Display Chef's fault! In fact I applaud him for his vigilantes!" Only ding I give is for my family having 4 kids they do the ""automatic gratuity"" thing that only serves to lower the total tip I give.  This is a practice that needs to die or get a more reasonable threshold."  didn't talk nothing!  You pay for entertainment too not just the food! First time there I would go back but ask for an entertaining chef" It doesn't help that our chef was something of a slob and didn't try very hard to do a good job with our meals.  Sauces were strewn across the table.  A co-worker who is allergic to shellfish had the shrimp appetizer deposited on his plate anyway.  Another co-worker who ordered a combo was given the wrong food.  One of my scallops was accidentally thrown into the mayo-based dipping sauce due to how the chef was slinging hash.  The grill cleaning portion resulted in a significant amount of scrapings leaving the cooking surface and landing on the table surface.  Etc  the food is always fresh and the guys in the sushi bar know what they are doing ask for Ricky been with them for ever and gives great suggestions  the waitress did an amazing job and the chef was very entertaining. Great evening!" Good food! The energy wasn't all there when cooking! The filet was very good! Overall the restaurant was very clean and friendly. I'm used to high energy cooking by the Chefs in Fredericksburg VA! They interact with the guests a lot. It may have been just an off night though. 1PSnPPFVfp03iPfJRPWWQw When we walked in was a bit concerned looked huge and empty... Guess it gets busy end of week. We ate a sushi bar.  They did not have all items available but the sushi was good and reasonably priced. Service ok. "I went to Nakato today for lunch for the first time ever based on the sushi reviews and the proximity to my job.  I got seated immediately as their lunch rush was pretty much over.  My waitress was prompt and efficient without being annoying.  She kept my water full and remembered the lemon which is always a plus.  I was disappointed in the sushi menu.  There were not a lot of special rolls or variety.  Shame on me for going to a hibachi place for sushi and believing all these best sushi in Charlotte reviews.  Get out people!  There is MUCH better sushi in Concord and Charlotte.  I ordered the fantasy roll and the hot twister roll.  The fantasy was simple and fresh. I prefer soy sheet so it was nice to see one on the menu.  The hot twister was ehhh.  I knew better than to order a fried roll as I like cold sushi.  I really could not taste anything in that roll except the batter.  Overall  but I write this specifically to share what to look for for those that do not know any better. It PISSES me off to NO END when individuals run a ""Japanese"" restaurant that is wholly not representative of my culture or the quality expected. I am a proud half-Japanese man and I take offense to those that misappropriate my country's culinary culture to just rip people off who are unsuspecting or those that do not have the experience to know any better. As for any other food offered at this establishment "Not bad at all.  Service was a little slow at first but then a second sushi chef came out!   I'll let you know if I get sick or not!?!?   Fish looked a little sketchy at first  and a great show to go along with it. Prices are very fair and you definitely feel like you get your money's worth here every time. The ambiance is great any time of the day and the food is always amazing! Hibachi for all eating habits and they're very accommodating for your special dietary needs. Including cooking the food to your liking w  no extra charge. Safe to say this is my spot!" I love going here. I have always had a great time here. The food is delicious! The service is excellent. Wether you are in the mood for Sushi or Hibachi you can't go wrong with Nakatos This place is incredible for sushi!! Sat at the bar and watched our chef make our rolls which my daughter loved! My wife got an order of Kama which was a grilled yellow tail cheek!!! So good!! And the wait staff was incredibly attentive!! I have dined here many times over many years. We usually dine in the sushi bar area. The service and quality of their food has been consistently excellent. Their sushi  sashimi is fresh and prepared well. I have tried many items from their hibachi made to order menu and have never been disappointed. I love that they present you with a hot bath cloth prior to your meal. The manager is very friendly and makes sure you had a good experience.  take a group and enjoy the show Came in here due to high Yelp reviews and was very close to the Courtyard where I stayed.  The hibachi and sushi were both VERY good and the $3 Yuengling drafts are great also!  The food was all excellent and our chef was friendly and fun to watch. It's pretty much your typical hibachi experience but good prices and good food!  Recommend!!  the wait time was very long. I didn't care for the side salad it had way to much ginger in it. Most Japanese restaurants I've been to normally have a little sweetness in their dressing but their was horrible and on top of that was super thick. The onion soup was not as good either I definitely didn't taste any onions it's a regular lunch spot for me." We typically have a great time here. The food is good and the chefs are fun. The one thing we typically run into issues with are the servers. They are kind of slow to refill drinks. The prices are reasonable for how much food you get and it's always pretty tasty. Just be careful of going during prime time because the wait can be pretty long. Found this gem on vacation at Great Wolf Lodge.  Searched around trying I find a Japanese Hibachi not too far from the Great Wolf Lodge and this fit.  Price was kind of high but the food was great.  Along with the normal fried rice you got noodles which I loved.  Will return for sure. Great food and service.  Went on a Tuesday night with no wait!  Best hibachi I have ever had.  Was traveling in the area but will definitely come if I am ever in the area again! I would like to come back for dinner!" "The sushi is really good and so is the hibachi. This is the best shrimp sauce in town in my opinion (pink sauce  found ourselves turning around to watch and disappointingly wish we got the entertaining show from the chef at a table nearby.  Those customers got what the paid for in an entertaining meal and Japanese steakhouse experience.   The food was just ok.  Again  since I'm used to tasting it right after it's been defrosted too long or too soon. This was a perfect balance between not too rich and not too bland. The most impressive part of the dinner was The sweet shrimp. It was served raw! Why is that surprising? Most places cook it. I would say 99% of sushi restaurants serve it cooked. This chef not only had a good raw sweet shrimp that was meaty and juicy  since I'm used to tasting it right after it's been defrosted too long or too soon. This was a perfect balance between not too rich and not too bland. The most impressive part of the dinner was The sweet shrimp. It was served raw! Why is that surprising? Most places cook it. I would say 99% of sushi restaurants serve it cooked. This chef not only had a good raw sweet shrimp that was meaty and juicy Love love love sushi. This was my daughters first visit to this restaurant and she said she really enjoyed it. She loves the fact that the food is prepared right in front of you and the fire and knife performance was great. The food as always was awesome and the waiter was great. He was very helpful and patient with her. Great first time experience for her. The food here was very good and fresh! I got the Teriyaki chicken with fried rice and it was amazing! The cooks that  cook in front of you are very entertaining as well! We will defiantly  be returning. Great staff and environment. Food was good and portion sizes more than enough. Great family dining experience. 1PSnPPFVfp03iPfJRPWWQw I will say the highlight of the evening is that the chef toned down the show of flames becuase my 2yo daughter was frightened. So nice!" Okay but not great sushi.  well... its' a great place when I don't want to cook and want to just walk and get take out...."  that is priced above what it should be at." I actually think that the owner lady seems not so friendly. I'd go here for lunch....def not dinner!"  and the sushi isn't too expensive.  Plus you get to watch them make it on a plasma screen tv." Blech!  Maybe I should have known better than to seek out sushi in Wisconsin?  For the sake of Madison  to their selection of sushi rolls to their bento boxes and their decor (you can watch the dude make your sushi on tape on a monitor in the front of the restaurant). I am a vegetarian so I always get one of the noodle dishes and a vegetarian sushi plate. In my humble opinion the food tastes authentically japanese  the quality is still superb and I personally prefer this place than Muramoto."  I will say that that my friend's father started this place after taking sushi classes and that he has improved his sushi rolling skills a LOT over the years. Anywho. I had sushi from this place b/c a bf brought some over once (I used to live like half a block away from here). So the verdict? I've had worse and I've definitely had better. But honestly "I personally rank this place as the best sushi restaurant in town. They don't use msg and its safe for pregnant woman like me. I've tried muramoto "Came here while in town visiting a relative and wanting to get some sushi together.  This place was a huge disappointment.  The place was overpriced and left me with a not so fresh feeling.  I dont recall everything that I had  but was shocked to see that it was a quarter full.  I was really disappointed and felt a little cheated." GOOO NOW! Treat Yourself !"  the prices don't really match your dining experience (i.e. fast food / self-service). The food can also be over salted at times. I wouldn't order sushi here  and the Oshonokanomiyaki (not sure if I got that name quite right) is super-delicious at weekday lunch--with interesting sauce(s?) over the top. We're not the ones to report on the actual seafood sushi Everything was incredibly fresh and delicious. I love the television screen where you can watch your sushi being made. Presentation was impressive and taste was even better! The owners were wonderful  definitely a step above ""grocery store"" rolls.  I thought the rice they used was very good.  So I haven't tried a lot of menu items ' even though the soda is extremely watered down. But I can't complain too much because the food was otherwise great all around. The donburi had a flavorful kick of spices and generous portions of beef (except maybe just a tiny bit too much ginger)  this place can compete with others in town!"  it's quite impressive when compared to all the other places in Madison...Sushi Box has more than the standard choices that every place in Madison has. This is the best place in town for sushi." One thing that is very cool is that you can see your sushi being made on a flat screen TV."  I typically order a Philly roll whenever I get sushi. I have yet to find a Philly roll that is fresher or more delicious than Sushi Box's. I am seriously addicted!!! Sushi Box also has a unique roll called the Packer roll that I often order. It has string cheese  just don't expect an amazing atmosphere or fancy dining. What you will get is very friendly service and a good value." Sushi Box has been consistently great!! I love the small space and the owner is very friendly. Most of the sushi is very affordable. We will continue to be regular customers =)  and egg roll. My favorite is the asparagus roll. The green tea really hit the spot last night too."  not expensive; always fresh.  Very friendly people and I actually like the casual decor.  They make orders out up quickly too!  Not a great place for a fancy date Best sushi I've had in a long time. Highly recommend stoping for some excellent sushi and udon. The sushi was very fresh!  easy going setting. Come as you are! Owner is super sweet. Been here nearly a dozen times This is a real nice sushi shop. Reminds me of places in Japan. Sauces are the best. Teriyaki chicken dish is well done. Presentation is excellent. They really want you to have a good meal and they take care of the details. Fair prices and also has great other options on the menu aside from the sushi - my favorite is the Tonkatsu with the stir fried veggies - reminds me of my mom's!" The five star review is mostly about bringing their overall score up to about a four star review which is where it belongs." Very good sushi for an affordable price. I ate tofu with rice but my family had rolls and they said they were remarkable. The place itself could  be improved. I'm definitely a fan of this place. It's simple and satisfies your sushi cravings. Everything is very affordable and the owners are very nice.  trendy atmosphere but perfect sushi date spot. Sushi was good Overall this was probably the best sushi I have had in Madison to date and I will definitely be going back for more. Good stuff!"  but fresh and delicious."  and great entree options. Not to mention great sushi! Highly recommend everything and anything on the menu  or pull up a chair and watch the sushi being made on a TV screen in restaurant area." "I'm a Japanese food snob. This place wasn't exactly Japanese but it was pretty close. My only complaint was that it was expensive for what you get. Didn't realize there were lunch specials so i spent about $50 for lunch for three people. Mori soba  very quit I was the only customer which I don't mind and hey it's a Tuesday at 6pm. Ordered a Godzilla roll two pieces of shrimp tempura and a sweet potato tempura... Very good quality just a wee expensive but I don't mind I did just eat very fresh sushi in the Midwest... Ordering was kinda strange made it feel like fast food... Not a sit down kinda restaurant... Overall it was a good experience I will be going back"  and I hope someone helps the proprietress get over her unhealthy obsession with the cost of doing business: credit card fees and even non-reused sushi order forms are simply part of what happens in the American economy these days." "I'm a big fan of sushi and was not impressed by anything here. I'm surprised by all the good reviews it received. I was here for dinner and tried the seaweed salad  it is actually owned and staffed by Japanese people. The rolls are not flashy and there aren't fancy sauces-it is just well done fresh fish. Prices tend to be a bit higher than other places in Madison but you get what you pay for and portions are larger. For good cheap sushi  it was probably some of the worst sushi I've ever eaten. The soda and water had a different taste to them  relatively quick sushi place. All made to order and very fresh. Not the fanciest but very reliable. We've been coming for years. Some of our favorites are the rainbow roll and jalapeo roll." Ever since we moved to Madison we have gone many times to Sushi Box and I though it was time for me to right a review. The atmosphere/ ambience is nice! I really like how you are able to see the chef prepare the sushi! The service is fine! The food really good the sushi is very and fresh and taste full there are also many options of deffrent types of sushi witch I like! If you are a sushi lover you should go to Sushi Box!  I know what great Japanese is. This is it!  Have the katsudon!!" Holy Value! Sushi is very well done and LARGE. A lunch with appetizer and bottled water cost around 10 bones. Very clean and comfortable. Elegant and simple in the Japanese tradition.  the number one draw to this place is clearly the people. The owners are wonderful  but hey that's downtown these days. And we're lucky Blue Fin is still there - the city had planned to buy and demolish the building kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ  I was extremely impressed. The inari pockets were large enough to be a meal on their own! I thought the inari were absolutely delicious and ate all three. The bowl was packed with vegetables and for $1 extra I got a TON of tofu in the bowl My only complaint is they are not open on weekends." getting to it is tricky now. and parking is just as tricky. but its worth it. SOOOO WORTH IT"  it's affordable and has a super-friendly staff. I will definitely be back."  who am I kidding.  She made an impression on me too." Just a word of warning.  Every single time I've been there I've melted the tastebuds off my tongue.  I try to allow my food to cool  and for the first time in my life I didn't have to spit the first bite back out because it was too hot for consumption. Not sure what happened with my Vegetable Yakisoba kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ The only thing wrong with The Blue FIn; they are not opened on the weekends "I need to update my review of Blue Fin. This place absolutely rocks; that's probably why you can find me eating lunch here 4 out of 5 weekdays  I gave it four stars not because I'd call it a four-star restaurant but for what it offers considering it's ""fast food"" and for the good manners. I'll definitely come again. I could see meeting someone there for lunch or hogging a table just to read a book in between noshing on teriyaki."  but added an extra for the super nice lady. I'd give something else a try the next time I'm in the area just because she was *that* nice."  way better than any of those ""blah blah bowl"" chains."  this place is pretty darn great."  those people are friendly every damned time I roll through.  And the food is always still hot and delicious when I plop down on my sofa to dig in.  Oh  kind lady. And hopefully I'll be able to eat there with you so you know how much I appreciate great food and expectational service."  but I really need to swing by again. Some people would probably just brush this place off as some small food hut on a street corner. That would be a huge mistake. This place is like the Yoda of Phoenician restaurants in that it reminds you that  low cost Japanese comfort food.  Teriyaki  is well worth the drive! The food is fantastic and the service is worlds beyond any other business i have been too. My favorite is the Beef Bowl special!" kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ  the place was packed with a lot of business workers looking for a cheap and quick lunch. Many people also ordered take out. The workers were fast and efficient. This place mainly serves teriyaki rice bowls and rice plates. The rice bowls were so delicious that we had to come back again later to order take out for our dinner. We highly recommend this place for you to try."  rather tossing the chicken with the sauce or pouring sauce on top before serving it. That makes it a little more dry than I'm used to  but I just couldn't bring myself to dock a star for that." Open till 6:30 pm Monday-Friday."  because I live in San Francisco/Bay Area and get better rice bowls from places like Kaz Teriyaki and Suruki Supermarket (both located in Downtown San Mateo). This is probably one of the better places Phoenix has to offer."  and the white meat chicken terriyaki.  I NEED to go back to try more things...." kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ I think what you will gather by my reviews is I like simple places that are cheap.  I like the fou fou stuff on occasion as well P.S. This place seems to attract a lot of Phoenix's redneck population (though I don't know why)  being greeted with a warm smile and a friendly ""hello"" is also a big plus in my book." It's also right next to a light rail stop which is OH-so convenient!" "I go to Blue Fin for lunch with friends almost every other month.  Locally owned and the little Japanese lady (we call her ""mama"" san) thanking everyone for coming and making sure your cup is full is awesome and one of the main reasons I keep going back for more.  Food is great for Japanese fast food.  I just tried their coconut shrimp and it was awesome!  If you are hungry try the terriyaki chicken  I need to come back to try something else beside the terriyaki chicken!" Went to eat in by myself at lunch.  Tried the panko chicken with tonkatsu sauce.  YUM!  Mama san stopped by and drop off the real verison of asian tonkatsu sauce.  WOW!  It was much better.  BYW - tonkatsu = japanese BBQ sauce...  Can not wait to go back soon!  well at least it's some bird flesh from what I can tell by looks. Sauce is flat and lacks flavor. No thrills about a bowl with a little rice and a large portion of meat. No garnish nothing. Brought it home and fed it to my dog. She enjoyed it. I want be returning and I'm disappointed that all of you think it's so great  the value was acceptable as well and the staff was friendly. I will be back  but I can always count on Blue Fin to treat me like family and give me a solid rice bowl."  with a big glass of iced green tea only set me back $8.60 and was wonderful. I sat on their patio This place is really great for teriyaki.  In fact it is really the only place worth going for teriyaki.  First of all - it is really very inexpensive (lunch for two under 20 - easily). Second of all - the service is great because it is family run - you see the same people there everytime.  The food is really good - and just hits the spot when you have a hankering for teriyaki.  My only complaint would be the hours- bums me out when I want teriyaki for dinner and they are already closed. kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ Great menu with all of the Japanese fast food favorites. They make everything on-site and it's cheap. Ideal downtown spot for lunch or early dinner." I did also have the sweet and sour chicken that I didn't care for because it was breaded and it made it seem like there was no chicken under the breading." You need to try this place if you haven't.  GREAT FOOD  it's a solid place for the price. I wouldn't go out of my way to go there when I am not downtown The only thing better than Blue Fin's food is their service!  Everyone was so polite and friendly!  You couldn't help but leave with a smile on your face!  I also loved that they offer Hawaiian juices in addition to their other beverages.  This place was excellent and I can't wait to go back! The customer service was the best I have ever seen in a fast food establishment. Many places could learn a lot by going in and experiencing this good customer service." Plus I prefer to spend my money on local independent business like this one rather than a national chain."  and the service is incredible.  Definitely make a stop the next time you are in the area." My boss says his body is a temple and won't eat anywhere else but Blue Fin.  So he took me there for my birthday.  So good...their salad has an amazing dressing (not sure what the taste is).  The ladies knew my boss and were very personable.  I go back often.  I get the teriyaki chicken with brown rice.  Reasonably priced and the ladies are so sweet.  chicken and rice and the portions are enormous.  I probably finished about half and I was stuffed!  Good food too the sweet & salty teriyaki was nicely complimented by a char-grill smokiness.  I look forward to my next visit!"  the owner spent some times to greet everyone. I ordered beef bowl teriyaki but the beef teriyaki is a lil bit over cooked and the smell of the burning beef just overwhelmed me. The Panko breaded fish plate is the one that I recommend to try. They also have the seaweed salad which I found good. And they also charged for the soda refill $.30" Chicken Fried Rice - WOW. Good stuff."  reasonable prices. My new fav place downtown." kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ SEA WEED SALAD IS KING HERE!"  generous fare (love their  sicky rice and the panko dishes!) served by friendly folk; a good number of dishes to choose from; good prices My family and I have eaten here at least a hundred times over the years. This is one of two spots we eat lunch at if we are near downtown Phoenix. The price is right and the service is always excellent as is the food. The family who runs the restaurant is always very friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone. My only complaint is that they only have one location in the valley.  and most orders are brought to your table within five minutes of you ordering and paying at the counter. Enough said; it all works. Oh...... one of the owners spent a few minutes at our table welcoming us to town  as far as I'm concerned. There are other equally tasty (and in some cases more flavorful) places to grab a rice bowl. The service is outstandingly hospitible though; so I tried to order miso soup but they were sold out." "This place offers pretty good food at really low prices. i think it's a mother daughter team that own it and they are the sweetest ladies ever. It's probably not a good idea to order a hot yakisoba bowl  on a hot day and eat it on the patio. I try to always eat with chopsticks and i just kept getting hot  sauce on my face.  Oh only complaint is their tofu. It's just diced and sauteed. i would like it if maybe they marinated My biggest surprise eating at the Blue Fin is the cheese cake they serve.  I don't profess to be a lover of cheese cake.  It never really impresses me.  It was light and the flavor was great.  Worth having for a birthday binge I am happy to report."  very good and moderately priced.  Very friendly service.  It'll definitely be a place I consider in the future Plus - it just feels better to deal with locals than a chain." I just recently moved up here to Phoenix and was looking for something good to eat. I started looking through things on Yelp and found this place. it took me forever to find it and I called and the lady helped me find it. Well I definitely found it. I went and the lady working was so friendly and helped me pick out what to eat. And the found was delicious!!!!  I had the number 1. I definitely recommended it to anyone. I love the fried gyoza and a california roll. Can't beat that for lunch  and none of the dishes my co-workers had looked any better (though they seemed to be fine with them). I should know to stay away from restaurants that have pictures of their menu items on the wall. The one star is only for the fast and friendly service." "Cute little place with both outdoor  (with misters) and indoor seating.  Excellent teriyaki and salad.  Very attentive owner and staff.  Large portions and great prices $5.49 & we could easily have split one.  Next time  the service was immaculate. The women who helped me was super friendly and made suggestions of things I should try on my next visit (when pigs fly). I am really amazed by the positive reviews here. Unfortunately  sushi fresh and everything is affordable for a quick lunch. I go there once a week." The service was as great as I remember and the people were just as nice as I remember too."  but I assure Yelpers that it will require them to upgrade their quality or this place won't be there long."  but I the service is outstanding.  Our server was extremely nice and attentive and competent Service is super friendly and helpful. I will be back to this place soon !" My favorite is the Panko chicken bowl with tankatsu." I highly recommend it." I doubt I go back since the place is only so so at best for two of my favorite things. The crab puffs were nice though." "A Phoenix classic and well worth a visit.  I used to eat there frequently The place may not look like much from the outside but just know that you will be taken care of once you are there and will have some incredible food for dine in or take out." I look forward to returning and trying something more exciting and getting a smaller drink."  a great experience.  I told the owner I would be back with my son by the end of the week  gotta use alot of sauce to give it some flavor. If you want straight out flavor get the teriyaki bowl but stay away from the combo unless you want a massive amount of salad. Good service and nice people!" "Reminds me a lot of the holes in the wall I used to eat at in Hawaii. Went at the height of lunch hour so the line was out the door but my GF and I didn't mind the wait since the weather outside also reminded me of Hawaii. Food was pretty tasty despite the order being slightly botched I will return for sure. The owner did take her time to talk to most if not all her customers. If you are looking for a friendly place with good food "I'm half Japanese and have had a very difficult time finding good authentic Japanese food in the Phoenix area.  I am so impressed with this little restaurant!  The customer service is awesome.  The owner walked around talking to people and refilling drinks I'll definitely return and probably add a 5th star after doing so!  Great little place!" Good for lunch or early dinner since this place closes early. Drive-up window if you are in a rush!"  but then again I did go during the lunch rush. My friend was able to get a spot in their lot but I wound up having to park in a different lot just north of it. It was maybe only 30 feet further away Bottom line: I live in south east Gilbert and have driven to eat here 3 times in the last month. Enough said." Last time I ate here I upgraded from the teriyaki chicken and vegetable bowl to the platter. This means that it comes with salad kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ  yummy.  Be prepared for the line at lunch!  It moves fast though...just know what you want to order when you get there...otherwise P.S. They accept Visa & Mastercard  it's all good and healthy portions.  Tankatsu sauce is a favorite right now too."  and they sweetly offered me another menu item of my choice even if the price was higher-  so I'll definitely give the counter ladies kudos for customer service. I chose to have the teriyaki chicken bowl as a replacement. The teriyaki bowl was brought out to me shortly after   try this place.  The servings are good sized and the quality is hard to beat.  Fresh taste.  Will be back."  awesome customer service." kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ  and made by the sweetest people you'll ever talk to.  Try a chicken bowl with extra veggies and brown rice - you won't be disappointed.  And don't forget to order an eggroll - they're amazing and they come with this ridiculous ginger sauce that'll leave you craving more."  for any interested. Just ask. It's tasty!" Really good food and nice service. I was impressed with the food. A good choice. "Been living in Willow for almost 20 years. An old girl friend told me how lucky I'd be to live so close to Blue Fin. Personally I prefer the Tonkatsu  great portions of yummy food and they will customize dishes not on the menu." I take all my friends here and will take all my future friends to come. What a perfect gem!" kaIue7GRCmkPzDeHDBTttQ Its a must visit if  you're around the area!! :)" An overall great place. Good food and very friendly staff. Great customer service!!!! When in downtown Phoenix "Stopped here for the first time last night and was very pleasantly surprised. I had the teriyaki bowl and edemame "Good fast food. We liked it here but it was the owner we couldn't get over. When we disagreed with her choice on politics (which she brought up) she basically called us dumb and lectured us for 30 minutes. My friend and I don't feel very comfortable eating here and if we had to  I hope to be back to try  the teriyaki and other things on their menu." "This place is amazing! The food is great but when grandma blue fin comes by to refill you're drink or even your entree Love love love Blue Fin. The staff are the nicest people ever. I love the Panko fish bowl. I only wish they stayed open a little later than 6:30...." "The best. I've had at least half the menu and everything is consistently excellent. Crab puffs are super filling and on point The service at this restaurant though is what pushes me to give them a top notch rating. The people here are just such genuinely nice people. They are very helpful and they get your food out quick. I really do not have one con for this place. The prices are amazing for what they offer Some of the best teriyaki chicken in phoenix.. Fast and always friendly! If only they were open weekends!! "Blue Fin has awesome Teriyaki Bowls and daily specials for under $10. The portions are large and you will even have leftovers. I am a big fan. The menu is a bit limited I love the fact that I can just get up and head here whenever I am in the mood for Matcha green tea ice cream which is more than you think.The ladies there are very friendly and the food is good and servings are big.  kind of just there. I was really let down. I haven't tried anything else so I'm thinking maybe the other menu items are better. The lady at the counter was the epidemy of customer service. She was very sweet and accommodating and seems to truly love her job which seems uncommon in the food service industry. I'd be willing to go back and try something else just because the service was so great." I recommend this place to anyone hungry for fresh Asian fare!"  so of course I'd try this place out. PLUS it is by my favorite library of all time (Burton Barr). I first discovered this place in High School after visiting the library and wanting something to eat. I didn't realize that this place would have good food for awesome prices. Love their green tea ice cream I don't think I will be back to try anything else based on this experience." Took me awhile to find a good restaurant and later chose this one. Place is nice and has feel good vibes in it. Great for some fine food to eat. I ordered a California roll "This was horrible!!!!!!!!!! I went there because it said sushi. Ummmm no they have the box sushi that you can buy at a grocery store "After living downtown for 2 years my husband and I finally tried this place.  I got the chicken teriyaki plate. It was all I hoped it would be: tender moist tangy chicken. The salad dressing was super garlicky and a wonderful compliment to the rich teriyaki  and sticky rice.  The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is that Husband ordered the all white meat version and it wasn't nearly as succulent as mine. Granted I understand that white meat is Cause I am still hungry."  and the better (non-teriyaki chicken) items take longer to cook." When I'm craving I'll stop by for lunch and order the chicken w/veggies (sometimes no rice) and it's always worth it.  a signature safe dish and good medium to compare to other places. In fact I liked it so much that I've stuck to it. I'm from the North valley and there are tons of unique food options in the downtown area catering to all tastes. Blue Fin is one of those place I make an open slot for.  I'd say give it a shot "I was walking down central and thought I'd try this small restaurant. I'm sure glad I did. The food is great especially for the price. Best of all is the woman that works here. She'll walk by and talk to patrons. Refill your drink  healthy and tasty food.  If you are looking for something quick and great  love love!!!!!   Food was excellent and the service great!!!" "Awesome staff! Great food at great prices! I love the chicken curry  so when she thanked us over and over for coming by for lunch and encouraged us to come back  clean and friendly. My partner and I were really hungry so we tried a number of items and loved them all!  I especially loved the Japanese Curry Chicken. I will go back and recommend this restaurant to friends!"  I like the panko chicken bowl. The owners and staff are the real reason I continue to come to this establishment over those fancy places down the road." Great food and service and at a great price!  but it's the fork size.  It's a small plastic fork and you can't really get rice and lettuce on it.  I asked for a spoon after a few minutes of trying to balance everything." This place is always good and the price is just right! The Daily Special always hits the spot!  pausing once to answer the sweet old lady who came by to ask how I was doing. This is the first time I've been here  dark meat retains moisture better and is more flavorful than breast meat. I highly recommend ordering the dark meat with their main dish. Many of the reviews below that complain about dryness or about shaved meat is commenting on the white meat teriyaki  when I typed in sushi on yelp this place showed up I would not come here if you were in a sushi mood all they have is California rolls and spicy tuna . Fry's has a bigger and better selection of sushi. I also orders the tempora shrimp and it was really good so I would definitely come back but not for sushi.the staff is extremely friendly and warming. I can't wait to come back and eat something else and give a better review but for now I can't cuse I'm sad about the disappointment of sushi .this place is extremely affordable and really casual so come wearing streachy pants and ready to feast" They have excellent customer service and are so polite." If I were rating it just on service and sweetness of staff it would get 5 stars in my book though!" I've  heard about this place for years. Everyone raves about it so I finally had to go in and pick up dinner just to check it out. I wish I'd stopped in much sooner. Great food. Fast service. I will definitely be back.  filling and a great price. I will be at this place a lot!" Fast service and good food.  I got tempura chicken and it was so good.   Big portions and friendly service.   Great affordable lunch location .  Glad I tried something different. I would return and try again" "First time I came to eat here in 20 years. Congrats on staying in business!  The owner is so sweet. She absolutely keeps this place successful I'm sure. Oyako chicken bowl : it's good. But they use the same chopped up chicken they use for teriyaki I think. So if you expect a true Japanese Oyako I went with some coworkers during lunch. I had the Teriyaki chicken bowl with vegetables. It was very good. There was a lot of people when we got there. We were able to get a table around 10 minutes so it wasn't too bad. The best part is the prices are affordable!" Solid food at a reasonable price and amazingly nice folks "Great food! Fast service! Awesome workers! Business is run the way all should be The chicken teriyaki bowl I ordered was more than enough and really good. The flavor was good and chicken was cooked perfectly. Stopped in for lunch and the wait only a few minutes which is great! The place is small but it does have outside seating which is great for wonderful weather. The lady behind the counter was very friendly and happy. I'll definitely come back for lunch.  it wasn't the worst I've ever had but it wasn't the best.  Good place for a fresh quick lunch. The service staff was friendly. They have an outdoor space to eat so you can see the action on Central." The saving grace for Blue Fin are the portions and price point. One can chow down for a small price I came here on the recommendation of all of the reviews here on Yelp. When I arrived I didn't realize that it was the restaurant I had seen so many times before while visiting the library across the street. The service was great and everybody was polite and sweet. The food was really good and reasonably priced. The owner was in this restaurant today and she made the rounds talking to each and every single customer in the store. I definitely will be back. The owner is like everybody's grandmother that just wants to make them fat and feed them. The owner is a lovely lady who has told me about living in Arizona all of her life and a few other details. She's an absolute gem and I am looking forward to trying out more of the food here." Egg roll - not sure of the filling but well fried and greasy. Crunchy and good. Orange solace tasty."  the food as been delicious. What makes this place even better are the owners. The sweetest people I have ever met...they truly care about their customers and their product.  So try it out and they will make you feel at home." "I started working for the State Dept of Transportation in about 1983.  I discovered this place shortly after.  The food is consistently good and not very expensive.  I usually got the chicken teriyaki "My girlfriend and I love coming to this restaurant.  I always end up getting the Panko chicken bowl with all white meat First time here. Very friendly. Food was very good. Right across from the light rail.  On Central Ave. Best part is its under $8 for a huge plate of food. One of my downtown favorites when I am starving!" "It is easily the best place in Phoenix for teriyaki. They do a great job at all their other food too "It is easily the best place in Phoenix for teriyaki. They do a great job at all their other food too I was super excited to try this place ... They do have Cheap eats for lunch and free refills on their large drinks. And there was not a long wait for the food. We ordered Katsu pork plate and chicken teriyaki. Both lacked flavor and the Katsu looked like puke on a plate and had no rice or breaking on the pork. The teriyaki chicken was very rubbery and had little to no sauce. I'm super disappointed that this place was a bust because it has so many good reviews. The place was real nice. I got the teriyaki beef bowl. It was pretty salty but not bad. I hear the teriyaki chicken is better and plan to get that in the near future! Check this place out! Albeit the facility is somewhat tight but the meals certainly aren't. There's always plenty of great seating on the outside and great for takeout. You won't go wrong visiting Mrs. Betty and her team at Blue Fin!"  and 2 egg rolls. It is located in a convenient downtown corner off rail station."  and they also have shakers on the table to customize the degree of spiciness." Came in after looking up japanese food on yelp. My wife and i came in while we were on a trip to phoenix. What we found was one of the nicest people we have ever met and a great restaurant! My wife ordered the chicken katsu which is called panko chicken here which she enjoyed and got nice portions. I got the chicken curry which after the owner let me know that for $2 more she would double the size. Which i promptly did and got a nice helping of food. It's very comfy home style cooking. I can't say enough good things about thw owner she was very friendly and engaged in conversation with everyone. The prices are incredibly reasonable! Highly recommend it! I wast here yesterday at lunch with a friend. Panko ninja fish. That was good. Amazing autentic japanese food. Betsy the owner take care that u fill at home. We have to come back to try other dishes Good eats. Staff is super friendly and you never have to wait long for your food. I recommend the panko chicken bowl. Never disappoints! I always try to stop in whenever I'm downtown and hungry!  the owner is Korean. We know this because they were speaking to each other in another language  or if you are in the area and have an hour for dinner... which was my situation.  I met my friend who had suggested this place.  The interior is a lot nicer than I expected My partner told me that not all Ichi Ban's are created equal. I'm just lucky this one is so close.  I just wish I could afford more of it. I'd eat there every day."  the sushi rice was not as good as I am accustomed to from them and I don't know why they would mess with it. They haven't given me fruit at the end of my meal in a long time and with the annoyance I have had twice now with the service they just dropped down on my rotation.  It's only because of closeness that they will get another shot "I would say that the sushi is mediocre at best. The rolls have a texture to them that I don't enjoy. On top of that  you have a full menu to order from and everything is good. They do not have a full liquor license  so maybe it's just that the lunch atmosphere didn't match the price.  I had no complaints about the food at all--it was actually very good.  If you're not price-sensitive  eel on top. Very tasty. I now have a sweet alternative to my spicy Phoenix Suns roll (very spicy tuna with eel on top) when I visit. Very good."  it tasted good and didn't kill us :)" The service tends to be hit or miss and we've not had to wait for a seat." "The closest good sushi you'll find downtown. I've been going to Ichi Ban for a couple of years and have to say that its the best sushi you can find in downtown. They have a lot of specialty rolls such as the phoenix suns roll Guess it's good enough for a Sushi virgin. Hard core sushi lovers may want to smack me."  there is a line a lunch and dinner. The cheif is talented and the staff are friendly and fast. For an ichi Ban  it was such a fantastic flavor experience.  With that I urge you the brave at heart to try whatever is on the specials menu."  I'm pleased to announce an exclusive coupon from Ichiban Phoenix and Sushi Lovers Unite!.  For $9.99 plus tax  I'll stick to the teriyaki and ramen." I will definitely be back.  The service was absolutely fantastic."  and the Yellowtail nigiri was obviously past it's prime. I'm lucky it didn't make me ill. Won't be back when Hana Sushi is just around the corner at 7th Ave and Missouri." Love love love their spicy tuna! call in your order for quicker service But we will be back.  I'll order #1 again  average prices. Went one time..idk if I'd go back" It's a shame because they could have SO much more business if they dropped the prices a bit and worked harder at making better rice since there are barely any sushi places downtown."  which was nice for take out but it actually tasted like crap. The sushi was also of a lesser quality so I was just disappointed in general. Maybe it's because I'm from NorCal but this kind of place should not be charging what it does for this combo. It was 20 bucks but for the quality I had the teriyaki bowl and a California Roll and it was pretty good; I think the teriyaki bowl was better of the two.  The entire meal with no drink cost like $6-$7 bucks so it's not too bad for a cheap lunch.   I'm sure I'll be back soon...  I mentioned this incident to someone working there and they confronted the man and made him leave but he didn't I left and this same guy followed me back to my work throwing insults my way. When I went to eat my sushi it seemed very warm even thought I order nothing that should be cooked. Wasn't impress with the temperature. The sushi seems very small." "I come here for lunch often. They have good lunch prices on sushi and rice/noodle bowls. The staff is always friendly. You can eat in or carry out. I usually get the lunch spicy tuna roll. It is delicious and cheap! Their miso soup is pretty good. I've never tried the bowls because I know I would go into a food coma after lunch  creative and tasty in my opinion. Order something off the ""specials"" menu posted on the wall and you can't go wrong with the spicy tuna. It also isn't as expensive as other sushi restaurants and there are other menu options for land lovers. Great sushi place for lunch or dinner and right on the light rail." oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag Great place! Great Food. People who always say they can't find good sushi downtown need to find this place! They will make things off menu if you are so inclined. Happy hour is great prices as well. "Loved this place! They had great sushi and amazing service. Although we didn't know it we came in close to closing time but never felt rushed. It wasn't until we started talking with the owner that we found out the closed 30 min ago! However  sauce too sweet and too much of it. I liked they offered the brown rice as an option. I was leaning towards the sushi "I ate way too much sushi here. It was so good Still a good choice where good teriyaki beef is hard to find in this town.  That's one reason to miss Seattle where there is good teriyaki beef on every corner Met some friends here last night with high expectations due to good reviews. We had a party of 10 so we made sure we were there right when they opened at 5pm. They sat us immediately but when  we asked them up front (before we ordered) to split the checks they had a bit of an attitude. We made it a game to get them to lighten up. Which they did! A for effort on the waitresses part. We had her laughing and smiling.  I should mention here that when we walked in it smelled fishy as well. Not a good sign for a sushi place. This should have been our second red flag. Food came fairly quickly. It was ok nothing special and a bit overpriced for what you get. Towards the end they started to rush to get us out which we would have gladly done 30 minutes prior if they would bring our checks. By the time we got home I was extremely sick and that was how the rest of my night went! I am not new to sushi. In fact its my fav! I would NEVER go back to this place. The only reason its getting 1 star is because the waitress was a hoot! Good for take out. Quick and easy. Will work with you on the menus.  Very efficient   Honest hard working restrant. My wife and I have tried several places. Thus place is the best. Seth will customize anything you like. It's awesome I ordered a teriyaki chicken bowl with rice and vegetables today for take out. It was good and the portion size was adequate for lunch. The price was reasonable and the server was friendly. The ambiance was acceptable. "The selection of sushi rolls on the menu is second to none in the valley.  I know that I am always getting the best quality sushi and service when I visit.  The staff are always hustling and working hard to make your experience quick I Ban is the cat's meow when it comes to sushi dining in Phoenix. I typically sway away from the sushi bar seating but the chef here (err - I don't recall his name now!) is excellent. He's fun I wouldn't return for sit down service but maybe take out. But alas oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag  simple I know but the sushi chef uses home made spicy mayo and it was sooo good! We just grabbed a quick lunch of a couple rolls and our bill was just under 30 bucks. Would recommend!" Just recently started eating sushi and while in Phoenix on a business trip stopped in and talked with Seth. He will make you anything you want so long as he can and for a new sushi person like myself this was big.  I will be coming here every time I'm in Phoenix oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag My new favorite local spot!!! Got the udon noodles with veggies no meat. The owner even said he could add tofu special for me next time!! He was awesome and talked to us while we waited for Our to go food. Waiting on the next time we can get take out :-)  I work across the street and it was so delicious I had to write a review! I stopped in and grabbed two sushi rolls to go; a California roll and a spicy tuna roll. The California roll was great but the spicy tuna was amazing I love the spicy sauce! The prices were great not overpriced at all Food sucks. Never consistent in flavor. Service sucks. Fast food Korean Japanese food - I don't know why they call a restaurant. Sushi rolls were terrible! Totally wasting money. oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag Seth is an amazing sushi chef! Amazing food. Fresh and worth the money. Must place to eat!  the cook apologized saying he forgot.  I think the best part of the dinner was the rice!  I would not return and I think they need to learn how to make better tempura." oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag  but not great either. Interior is kind of dated and worn. Staff were arguing with a customer (loudly) while we dined...something about boxing up a to go order? Food was just mediocre. I have had much better and once or twice I paid but will NEVER go back and NEVER recommend. Ewwww wet/soggy and just GROSS!!!" oSKT5oZX1NWYaHwOWL5lag It's a great choice for lunch or dinner." "Dear Yoshi's.  You and I go way way back.  Remember that one time I ordered Combo #2 (Teriyaki chicken)?  Oh yeah I mean that was about 500 times.  Remember that time the girl behind the counter was puzzling over my request for some Gomasho?  Oh I meant the 500 times (it's ok  but I'm really not sure what meat it was OR what part of the chicken it was from.  It was really string-fatty-grizzly.  Teriaki sauce was good and the rice was ok I do not recommend people subject themselves to this type of food. Japanese chiefs pride themselves on the quality I may go back and try something else in the future...but for now  but pretty greasy.  The rest of the menu was fairly so-so.  The options were pretty much chicken or beef covered in some kind of sauce.  I got the yakisoba noodle bowl with chicken.  It was actually pretty good once you mixed it around.  The noodles were mixed with veggies like carrots  but just okay. Would probably drive-thru again if I was in the area and didn't feel like cooking that night." I wasn't to impressed by the building but the location was convenient and the other location was not at the moment. I was the only customer in this big place! I had the chicken Yakasoba. It was all thigh meat. It was okay. There was a healthy percentage of fresh vegetables in the dish to make it a balanced meal. The cost was comparable to having a burger meal but a nice change. It's still not the noodle oasis I was seeking. I have had better Yakasoba but I'll return at least once to try the Teriyaki at some point and the other location. 3-star for a Fast-Food Japanese bowl place."  the rice is well done and the sauce is just right. Those are the three things that really make a good teriyaki.  BONUS: They even have a drive through! Now I will say that I've never had anything else on the menu  and we had an improtu dance party in my car as they stared in horror and confusion. the gal who worked at yoshi's opened the drive thru window The tea wasn't bad..." I'm eager to finish this review so that I can stop thinking about that disgusting bowl. So that's all." Considering there aren't many options for me and my half hour lunches downtown  down the street.  I still prefer Thai foood.  I will certainly be a regular at Yoshi's.  I've been to Japan 8 times."  I asked for my money back...which was also a problem.  I don't see how I could possibly trust their food safety." The lunch service is pretty fast which is a big plus."  but they are never available (and they are called Chicken rolls now). I asked why and they only make 2 orders worth in the morning and they go fast.  That to me says MAKE MORE ROLLS."  the staff was super friendly and quite helpful and the food was reasonably priced and pretty tasty.  We sat outside with our furry friend and enjoyed ourselves for a quick bite to eat when we didn't feel like cooking." 2$ happy hour chicken bowls 3-5 pm!! Cant beat that !!!" "I was really craving rice & veggies so I came here only to get a really crappy meal. There was almost no teriyaki sauce on my meal first of all. Secondly the rice was not well cooked. Thirdly the food had a funky under taste like if they had cooked the food in toilet water (NOT KIDDING). That is the best I can describe my experience  but the last 4 times I've been in on my lunch hour "This place has been a favorite of mine ever since I was a youngster. I have always known that when I'm in the mood for some cheap Chinese food that tastes magnificent "It's basically Asian fast food - and the quality of the food is pretty good for that standard. It's priced right as well. The food is ready Parking is easily accessible.. The staff are happy and the place is clean"  and flavorful rice bowls. Here and at their 24th St & Indian School location.  They have some tributes hanging up here to sports celebrities that are fans of Yoshi's so that is cool to see.  Confirmed that the Happy Hour special is at both locations.  Plenty of parking behind the building  all other deep fried entrees are okay. Egg rolls & spring rolls are both very good. Spicy chili side sauce is awesome here." Horrible! The rice tasted it was steamed with dirty water and the quality of the meat was very poor! I heard good things about it so I tried it! Will never be going there again!  but it had a funky taste like the rice was cooked in dirty water. I'm not a fan simply because it was overpriced and the food was sub-par."  I am never setting foot in Yoshi's again. Good luck running a business with employees like that.. you'll need it."  but thought it was a little ridiculous that we waiting in like from before happy hour ended but when we pulled up to the order at 5:02 they wouldn't honor the half off deal. Not a big deal but just think if we were waiting in like and the person in front of us took forever that we should have been able to get it at happy hour rate."  would come here because it was closer to me. Now I make the drive to Tokyo Express instead. They really upset me one day when they were clearly open but would not serve me via drive thru and demanded that I come inside if I wanted food. Of course I drove off in a fit and hungry haha." Seriously the best teriyaki in town! Plus the nicest team of people in town! Everytime I come thru the drive thru I more or less order the same thing. Sometimes they are out of my favorite cucumber avocado rolls. I just drove through to grab dinner on my way home and they were out of them again. They've very generously offered to make me a fresh roll and then surprise to me with an additional cucumber avocado roll for free for all the times that they have been out in the past. I have been to the location on Central and Indian School as well as the 24th street and Indian School location and has been met with equal friendliness at both locations. I love this place! The fact that their central location also has a drive thru makes it that much better!  and tossed on top of some rice. This low grade dog food wouldn't even cut it for a discount special." I have been there many times. It is close to my work so I eat there quit often.  They mainly serve rice bowls and you can get an egg roll on the side for cheap. They're nothing outstanding but the food is decent and fast.  pretty decent taste and the egg roll was nice and fried and crispy just how I like it.  I do have to say the cashier could be a little more happy to take my order.  She wasn't rude or anything just kinda Convenient for quick lunch and reasonably priced.  I ordered teriyaki salmon rice bowl.  Lunch rice bowl is more of rice than the topping.  It was fast to order and eat between meetings.  Their drive-through is also convenient.  but it's hard to even try to when the food has been consistently below average." I just spent the last 24 hours vomiting in my bathroom due to food poisoning. I don't think they cook their chicken all the way.  tasty vegetables. I would come again.  Next time Going to try the white teriyaki chicken bowl." I love Yoshi's and it's never disappointed me!" The food portions are HUGE! Come hungry. This place is one of my favorites and I will be returning again!" ordered 2 chicken teriyaki bowls and one salad at drive through. Chicken tou7gh and dry!  to see what real ramen is like. hopefully they'll expand their ramen selections in the future." Went on a Saturday night and it was VERY busy.  I can't wait to go back AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg  but none for me this time around. The banana bread that is served with every meal was enough to sate my sweet tooth." This place has the best vegetarian sushi roll in town as well as overall good food. Service alters from unbelievably excellent to non-existent.  Japanese and Italian noodles in a restaurant with plenty an Eiffel Tower decoration and a bright red British phone booth???  Check it out :)"  but I would stay away from the Ramen."  but would phone in my order first It's a solid 4-Star Noodle Cafe!"  there's really not much pork in it. That's why you need a delicious shrimp or duck salad." P.S.  The tiny parking lot gets crowded very quickly and street parking with Oregano's next door can be problematic."  but this is no place for massive groups." Mmmmm....Korean Spicy Beef at it's finest! Their appetizer breads are fantastic as well. *names have been changed to protect your stupid identity. Maybe not. Haha." Spicy Beef Noodle Bowl." (I really think everyone is reviewing CherryBlossom under the wrong spelling.... It's CherryBlossom  it's too much waiting.  It took 40 minutes to get my food the last time.  I think something needs to be done about the wait time and why doesn't the waiter ask me how I'm doing or bring me water?  I appreciate those kinds of things!" The menu seems to be at a reasonable price. Great place to have a enjoyable meal during the late afternoon or early evening."  cute and relatively cheap.  Its a great place to go if everyone your eating with can't decide on what to eat... Pasta?  Check.  Soup noodles?  Check.  Sushi?  Check.  The chicken parm and salmon pastas were delicious!  Can't wait to go back!"  but thoroughly enjoyed everything I have ordered.  The wait staff is very nice... one of the times I was there waiting for my food a very impatient and rude patron was being very mean to the hostess and she took it in stride with a smile on her face.  When someone can do that I give them props:)" The upshot of my visit there is that I left unsure that boyfriends are worth all of this trouble  the sushi rolls were fantastic. The tempura shrimp in particular was mouth watering. My friends thai inspired soup was so good I almost wanted to dive in so I could simply lap it up with my tongue. But he hit me on my forehead with his spoon so I retreated back to my sushi rolls. Service was first rate. I had a manger meeting and we were there almost 2 1/2 hours and were never hurried and not once did we get the ""waiter stink eye"". If you've ever been privey to that OMG I love this place also.  VERY GOOD..The tempura shrimp  is the best.... The tables always bothered me at CBNC.  The ""2-tops"" always seem crowded with the little lamp and the box of spices and chop sticks  the soups and the spring rolls. I had not been in for a few years and was pleasantly surprised on my visit last night as to how busy it was. This is good value and quality for an area of central Phoenix where good restaurants are scarce. And don't dis the desserts -- they're terrific." My friend and I got the unagi salad (big enough for a meal or to split) and then the seafood yakisoba noodles. The salad was excellent and the unagi (eel) was fresh  their sushi and Asian noodle dishes are delicious!  They've also got an assortment of interesting cocktails--Saketini "One of the best oxymoronic ethnic restaurants in Phoenix. They have some of the most authentic Japanese food but then they're offering Italian food on the same menu?? Don't try to figure this place out. Just go try it and you'll see that good eats  there would be NO wait. Man it up and chat with a stranger. You'll be standing like 2 inches from them heheheehh."  since they are almost always slammed and have no parking!"  presentation... but not so much a sensation." This is one of my favorite little places. I always feel comfortable here. the atmosphere is quaint and the food is damned good and affordable. It makes a terrific date place. Good for conversation. The desserts always look terrific but I never save room. Best value for Japanese food that I can think of. I'm beginning to salivate again!"  we got the tofu steak and takoyaki (octopus balls) for starters.  The takoyaki came in a set of six and was topped with this oh-so-delicious brown sauce.  We followed that up with a wakame (seaweed) salad and an entree of salmon in cream sauce over pasta (not the exact name. it's on the last page of the menu near the bottom).  OH MAN! SUPER DELICIOUS!  Finished it off with a creme brulee I am waiting for it to get cold out (or even mildly less than scorching) so I can go in for some Ramen!!  Real Ramen - nothing like it.  This trip I had Tempura and some cold noodles. - Good stuff." My all time fav restaurant in town for ramen noodle. I always go there for its Takana and Char-shu ramen. Cherry blossom's ramen reminded me of those that I got from Harajuku.. thick This is the first time I went back since last year (rated 4/5 previously).  Hopefully he will improve his service and attitude or else they will lose more customers." Despite the 2 stars this visit we will likely return. I think there are better things on the menu and more things to try.  I won't bother with desserts of fancy drinks next time."  my spicy tuna roll and my crunch roll. If you read this and I still have some left...ha ha...I might share with you. But I upped my rating to a third star because our bread basket was tasty and because we were able to feed three diverse needs in one place We then ordered a bottle of wine and a sip here and a sip there and we were all in heaven! Talking to our waitress about the Navajo sushi chef behind the sushi bar who she was trying to hook up with one of us... but we couldn't tell WHO she was trying to hook him up with! One of the queens or me?! Said chef never made it to our table - and it's just as well... we were in food heaven savoring our delights and wishing we had bigger stomachs to take it all in! I'm a big fan of this place now and am VOWING to take several people with me next time! :)"  this is my favorite restaurant I have ever been to in my life."  this is the place to go. Their soba and udon bowls are very nourishing and the soup isn't too salty. It's a great casual eats place and the menu has an ""Italian"" side if you have friends who are in a non-Asian food mood. Also  you have busted me.  But I try to be covert.  Mwa-hahahaha."  it was quick and cheap for a latenight dinner.  We were in and out in less than an hour and it was $20 out the door with tip - can't complain about that!  I'll be back!" srsly..... ne place that serves soft shell crabs is A+ in my book." Service was attentive in the beginning and then our waiter disappeared. I witnessed two other tables in our section grow confused and then annoyed as we waited... and waited... and waited for the waiter to return. One couple was even in mid-payment and finally went to the take out counter to inquire what was happening. I asked the busser to let the waited know we wanted our check. This disappearing act really took the shine off of an otherwise nice dinner. We'll likely return still got the clams so i was satiated."  I never would have found it.  This will definitely go on the rotation.  Don't let looks deceive you Ok I""m sure the more I eat here the more likely it will earn the fifth star  I ordered the tempura vegetable soup with udon.  It was really good.  It didn't have a ton of flavor but the server warned me of that when I ordered.  She stated that this was a simple dish.  Everybody in our party seemed to like their food although nobody danced on the table and raved about it.  Although  but won't go out of my way to do so.." The server accidently knocked my glass of water over in my direction but he cleaned it up quickly and was very embarrassed about his mistake. Overall the service was great and I expect I will return soon to try the Tempura "slow service. The banana blueberry bead was so so. Rolls were so so.  Sushi wasn't bad PS. The chicken Parmesan is just ok. Steer clear of the traditional Italian dishes - save that for Maggiano's or Carraba's. I've always been too full to order a dessert here I'm super picky about sushi being I'm from New Orleans and am spoiled to fresh fish. ALSO! I haven't found the Crunchy roll anywhere outside of New Orleans and found it here. SO EXCITED! Definitely try the crunchy roll! Between this restaurant and Hana's sushi  never seems to make it out of the kitchen as fast - and therefore be as hot - as it should."  soups and drinks! Perfect place because there's something for everyone." the bread basket was delicious and a good start to our meal. our service was good The strangest thing about this whole ordeal is the fact  the main ingredient of my appetizer and sushi roll was not even on the menu." We'll definitely try them again - I'd really like to try the tofu steak with mushroom sauce that Kerstin mentioned.  And next time  especially this great Japanese restaurant in Chiang Mai that had this amazing moat around the sushi chefs were they would float the sushi on little boats that you could pick and choose.  Very disappointing http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-nhat-tempe"   I would never go back.  The food is great.  The service is SO bad it's comical.  I always go in knowing I'm going to get the worst service and then I'm ok.  The wait staff is just not really attentive or GREAT at their job  I go with my gut instinct and order the Champon as I had intended to the first time." "I love CherryBlossom as much for their eclectic nature as for their delicious food. Pan-Asian influences in their main menu If CBNC would tighten its menu and choose one decor I'd probably be raving about it.  For now  long converstaions and those who need to stretch their time together. Everything is wonderful and you will be pleasantly surprised with the beautiful decor in a strip mall..... you'll feel like you have entered another land "Not bad. The minute I stepped in this place I thought that I had accidentally looked up a previous address for CherryBlossom. I get that it's a fusion restaurant but it's a bit of a surreal experience to feel like you're eating sushi in a Mimi's Diner. Poking fun at the decor aside  we found Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe.  My wife and I could order in Japanse (her native tounge) again and the menu offered something other than sushi!  We had Takoyaki (which was expensive All in all it was not bad maybe next I'll try a different entree. this is the reason why I'm skeptical about going to so called ""Fusion"" places. but hey I'm always open for something different. isn't that what makes life worth living?  :)" It was a really nice surprise. I will look forward to going there again."  tax and tip. Pretty decent. Definitely coming back soon."  bring this place to CALIFORNIA!" The standard appetizer dish given to you when you first sit down consists of several kinds of bread that take my mind off the outside world and make me realize I'm here to enjoy something tasty. The hustle of the staff and the laughs of the other patrons make me less aware that I am actually in a small strip mall in the middle of a city that usually doesn't feel like I'm around other human beings. Honestly "They're food is really good.  And the staff is so fun and polite.  They have an awesome happy hour that is from 3-6 on weekdays where you get sushi and beer and some appetizer's for half off which is hard to beat.  The sauce for the udon noodles is really good too....and if you like spicy  excellent sushi.  The Thai Beef Salad is amazing!  They have affordable lunch specials with generous portions. A refreshing change from all of the chains in the valley." *Price = great*  a blended drink + one appetizer + one roll + 2 entree + 2 desserts = check turned out to be around $60!" The service here used to be fabulous; now it is mediocre on a good day and terrible on a bad day. You will be held hostage for your check. Your waiter will come ask ""is everything alright?"" before you have taken your first bite of food and then never return to see if you need anything else Now if only I could find a place in Phoenix that serves Japanese pancakes...." I have not been back. My sister has but my experience left a bad taste in my mouth literally. You get 2 stars one for decor and one because my sister likes it."  some type of fried fish and an orange.  For about $8-$10 it's hard to find a better deal.  I would highly recommend CherryBlossom for those looking for a Japanese meal.  It is small I was very happy with my meal and service and would love to go back for some Italian grub...will have to convince boss to send me to Phoenix again :)"  so that Cherry Blossom is a logical destination for me and my friends when we want to dine out but can't seem to decide on one cuisine to have for the evening. If only the service were a bit faster ..." AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg  make sure you try one of their special drinks!"  I've tried the other dishes but I always order the same thing. it's fantastic on a cold night or any night for that matter.  It is too big to finish and is packed with seafood So in conclusion. If you enjoy sitting and waiting while watching other customers who walked in 10 or 15 minutes or more after you did get their orders taken and served their food i love this place. the noodles are so delicious! we went for the Cha-su ramen. it was very delicous. i was disappointed the next time we went however. we went a few weeks later. we got there at about 930 pm. it wasnt that late but sadly they ran out of ramen noodles when we tried to order them. i was very disappointed because we drove out from gilbert. so instead of the ramen that night i got the champon noodles. they put a lot of yummy seafood in it. the portions were huge. so i was very happy with this noodle dish. i love this place. the service is very slow however and sometimes the waiters never even come to the table after sitting there waiting for the check. Cherry Blossom creates a nice environment and the prices are right.  No wonder it is crowded.  When I return I will try something else.  After all the menu is huge.  Something has to be good on there.  Three stars."  Beef Nanban Udon & Yakisoba."  and everything has been delicious. I believe it. They say a large part of taste comes from our sense of smell Curry dish w/ Chicken"  that is my only gripe besides the fact that it shares a bathroom with Tokoyo Express next door. A table of four that was there while I was were basically entertaining the whole place. It was easier to listen than try to talk over them."  it was still piping hot.  Generous portion of shrimp and TONS of crushed peanuts.  Yummy!  The sauce had a nice sweet/tang to it.  I saved half to eat later.  Or tomorrow There are some nice little touches though. They serve you some of the best banana bread that I have had in a long while  and we'll be back. Just don't go if you're in a hurry - service left something to be desired. Like the bill." Best Asian (not just Japanese) noodle shop in the Greater Phoenix area! I love their ramen and udon's. The fried udons are excellent. I usually get the seafood udon. Highly recommended!! You can check out their menus here: http://bit.ly/8S3o98 "nice place... i went here after seeing all of the reviews.  i think that everyone summed the place up pretty good.  i was supervised by how many different ethnic foods they had... from Italian  great service and very reasonable prices (yet another surprise). I will definitely be going back to try more of their food and hopefully hit up a happy hour in the near future."  this cozy place is great tasting and service is great. This is a perfect date place or lunch time place. I really liked the lunch boxes they serve Other than the horrible service the food was excellent. I only wish I was able to try the sushi." "I have to echo so many other reviewers when I say the food was good but the service is a nightmare.  We waited almost 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us.  The table next to us (and I mean within 4 inches of us) was seated after us and received their drinks before anyone even bothered to say 'hi' to us.  The drinks took forever  especially since I can pretty much touch every end of the room when I stretch out my arms." (Great Sushi Happy Hour and miso soup)" "I am so conflicted about my feelings for CherryBlossom Noodle. It's like the guy or girl you are super attracted to but they have a shitty attitude. I wholeheartedly agree with the previous reviews that the food is great but service is inconsistent and mostly bad. I was being generous with the 3 stars for this experience but have had higher star experiences in the past. Just not this weekend. We went on Saturday night against my husband's better judgment and at my insistence. Sorry  food isn't going to make me return to a place to eat. We usually get takeout from CB because their service flat out sucks. My wife made me go with her this past weekend "Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe has the authenticity of Japan's finest ""Mom & Pop"" eateries.  This effect is achieved by trasporting diners to a quaint interior with friendly service and delicious food the moment the enter from the low scale strip mall exterior.  The Ramen with Pork Cutlett (chashu ramen) is superb as are many of their other Asian dishes and even their italian fare is done with care and skill.  Sometimes the servers aren't the best in terms of knowledge and attentiveness "This is rather unique....korean champon and Japnese Ramen soup....Thai beef salad.  Food is fantastic here.  Often It's definitely a great lunch spot! I would come back for sure."  although I'm sure it's fine. Maybe I'll try it some day. Itadakimasu!" Cherry Blossom has the best happy hour items! So tasty and fresh!!!! I am in love! "I've been to Cherry Blossom twice during a one week period and I am looking forward to going back again to try new things from the menu.  The atmosphere is awesome  but the inside is quirky and classy. The walls are brick and the decorations are well-chosen. It's a good place for a date or to meet a friend for a casual happy hour." So long story short... If you find yourself hungry (or even just a little peckish) in the Central Phoenix area  but she was a delight when she showed up. I would visit it again and definately skip the ramen jokes the next time!" "I had to pleasure of going to cherry blossom last nite with a good friend and lemme tell you it never disappoints me. i had not been in a while. the minute you walk in it is like being in someone cozy space  where you can watch the chef's at work and always good for a tasty meal." I had the udon + tasted my friend's ramen. It was really GOOD! I like the homey feel of the place." The Chicken Katsu is the best item on the menu! I would definitely order take-out I don't think i would ever visit this reastaurant again because the menu was weak and uncreative." and this place went downhill in quality and service over the last 3 years."  but I go for their champon. The broth combined with seafood and vegetables is flavorful and delicious. The broth is not too spicy or heavy Gohan(Rice) is always perfect; so that's probably why I like this place and Tokyo Express next door." Overall it was excellent.  We went at 8pm on a Sunday night and the place was packed.  I see that as a great sign.  Our service was normal Teriyaki Salmon Bento Box-Good!" My eyes widened as my Ebi-Ten Udon Noodle ($8) arrived. It was a large bowl filled with huge udon noodles paired with soup and steamed spinach. Along side were several pieces of shrimp tempura that were golden and inviting. Could this be what I've been searching for all of these years? After one sip my hopes plunged; just not quite the same. The flavor of the dashi  you definitely get what you paid for. So much food and large pot of ramen. The prices are reasonable Beware of the leg on the front door during the haloween...heeheehee..."  it gets better... He totally took it off the bill!  ...I didn't have to pay for my dinner!  How cool is that?  This is one of our favorite places to eat for sure!  This is a quint little place to eat Best noodles outside Japan.  Very authentic Japanese style restaurant.  Try the champon noodles...  hope to try it in the very near future!"  and reasonable in price as well.  The cooks are insight and friendly with those sitting at the bar.  You know it's pretty authentic when you see more Japanese/Asian sitting and eating their bowl of soup In summary:  Amazing food but the service sucks.  Sit at the bar.  Still  I have had rather positive experiences at this establishment and look forward to my next visit!"  to beat the lunch crowd. Other tasty items I have enjoyed here are: cali crunchy roll OH! here are all the Asians in Arizona. Surprisingly food was really good. They don't try and rip you off with a ton of rice on the sushi. Everything on the menu was super cheap.. compared to dining in Honolulu. I do recommend you eat here though. The food is most definitely worth it. The cons really aren't enough to stop me. Just plan for some extra time." "Deliciously inventive.  I almost always get the ika mentai noodles.  The bread that they give you (complimentary) is fresh and good.  The salads are delicious.  I will say however that service is a bit slow They don't have Takoyaki anymore which is soooo sad." I must echo the other reviewers about the service. GOOD LORD. Seriously slowest.service.ever. Last night we waited a good 15 minutes for our server to come back with the bill and the hubs credit card. Not cool. We've decided that when we go next time to ask for our bill the second our food comes out."  there is something for just about everyone." Very good food and good value I'd say too!  I see you again soon Cherry Blossom!!"  and then all of a sudden: great sushi and noodles! It's a lot of great cuisine under one roof. I'll definitely be returning."  so I'll have to try something else some other time.  Maybe.  The heart takes awhile to heal." "I had been meaning to visit this place for awhile and the only regret I have is that it took me so long to swing by and have a taste.  They have a decent and well priced lunch menu as well as a large assortment of Italian pasta and Japanese type entrees.  After debating the tonkatsu lunch versus the ramen and roll combo  but the beef iron pot was even better (todays lunch- yes we loved the place so much we went twice in 24 hours). The spring onions had been roasted before entering the soup and gave the broth a wonderful smoky flavor. The cabbage and tofu were tender and soaked up all of the lovely flavors of the broth. The iron pot was too big for me to finish alone. I needed some assistance halfway through so I suggest you take some friends and share!" My absolute favorite dish is the hot udon soup with either chicken or veggies but I have tried several other dishes and have enjoyed them. One of the cool things in this restaurant is the curious mixture of Asian and Italian cuisine. Unfortunately  AZ area and wanted to try something other than Mexican food.  I choose CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe as it was an interesting place and I was in the mood for Ramen.  I had the Spicy Lettuce Wrap with Shrimps & Vegetables to start.  It was good but I do not see how anyone could eat it as a wrap...very messy (I ended up putting the lettuce in the bowl and ate it with a spoon).  For the main dish  this was on a Monday evening. So get there early and be willing to try something new--they have a huge menu with lots of interesting choices--choices that I will be trying in the very near future." I'm not going to be the Rihanna to CherryBlossom's Chris Brown abuse no mo."  and the food was cheap I would recommend this to anyone who loves great tasting international cuisine."  Cherryblossom has really gotten their ish together. The last few times I have gone have been really good. Service is alot better which has consistently been my beef with this place. I have been impressed. The food has always been good and the last two times I've gone have been during lunch. Both times I have gotten the lunch bento special of the day and what a bento!!!! For just under $10 Good food and value. Hopefully they'll up the lunch coverage in the future." The price is definitely reasonable and really worth it." "Finally!  The last two times I've gone to CherryBlossom the service as been great.  The food is still wonderful "It was definitely one of the worst ramen I have ever had in my life... I know I have such high expectations for food RJs7tddkKh_HWLhQ8bBDKw  and ask for the banana bread.  'Cause you're at a place that serves sushi and fresh-baked banana bread  this place is great before a show or sports event." AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg I really like this place and I wish the other reviewers would try them more than once. They have amazing dishes  but that is not the case here!  Great food and great service make this a place I will definitely be visiting again!"   Don't get there during rush or you will not be getting a seat.  Overall 7/10 for me :)"  and the woman who works the hostess stand is really friendly  was inattentive to the point of rude...he brought the entree soup and salad course before the appetizers and left the app plates on the table throughout the entree course...did not check on us during any of the courses but did so with the obivious ""regulars"" also seated in his section...one of worst servers I've ever encountered to the point of my not returning because of the chance of getting him again" This place was discovered purely by accident.  I wanted some noodle dish and i was near my old high school I googled good noodle places on my phone...this place.came up...i was like why not just try it for take out...i pulled up and i walked in and looked at the menu...i was so confused...tbey have italian and asian choices...i was like great this place cannot be too good if they are offering two types of food...but i was there already so i was going to try it...i was conflicted i love italian but i wanted asian so i got a staple...pad thai...it was delicious...full of flavor and i was very impressed! Since then i have been back and this place is good...i go here if i am in the area...its super casual...i love to take the food home and eat if while watching my reality tv and desperate housewives show...good place you should try it! In short - HA too late - DEFINITELY try  CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe.  Especially if you like spicy food. :) :)" Our go to take out in Phoenix. The TanTan-Men ramen is delicious!! Nice and spicy. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. I don't get what people like about this place. It's generally crowded with rushed service and the food has yet to impress. I've tried at least twice -- maybe I'm ordering wrong but I really just don't get it... We will not be returning."  2 appetizers and 2 main dishes perfectly satisfy a dinner for 2. The service was very good and timely. Next time I go back   be careful when ordering take out... they tend to miss a few things due to the noise when calling in. double check your order X1nTlg9in3_Ch8QR8Hx4lg SAYANORA Cherry Blossom"  it tasted ok.  I can see myself coming back since it will definitely satisfy my cravings until my next visit back to LA but unfortunately It took me over a year and then allowed my wife to convince me to give it a try again. Completely improved experience. I have been there about five times in the last 5 weeks and am happy to say that the service here is vastly improved in every way. I have not seen the incompetent server that ruined my last experience here but the servers we have since then had have all been perfect. Keep it up Cherry Blossom and I'll keep coming back!  soft shell crabs and then finish it off with a delicious version of pasta bolongense or spicy korean beef with noodles? that's right--somehow the kitchen has pulled off a restaurant menu that offers the best of asian  and italian dishes. i have been here numerous times and have had just about everything on the extensive menu. it's great for lunch or dinner. everything is made from scratch so you may be frustrated if sometimes the entree proceeds the appetizer.  it's one of the quirks of dining here.  so the food might take longer or shorter to arrive at your table than you thought it would. one waiter Best authentic Japanese restaurant in town for udon and katsu! Does not get better than this in Arizona! Amazing chicken parm. I was told by my Brother i need to try it. I was hesitant at first because its a Japanese rest. It is fantastic. I have ordered it 2-3 times a week for past month. I am as picky as they get with Italian food. Good Italian food. Was born and raised in NYC and found this to be some of the best chicken parm in AZ. Portion is filling especially for $12. husband had chicken parm. Shocker! prob wont be back for awhile spent $40 bux and had better at YC's Mongolian today : )" How'd I not know about this place?! I can't wait to try it again!" "CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe is a charming little restaurant located in Central Phoenix. The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious. They serve both Asian and Italian cuisine here but I haven't had the balls to order anything from the Italian menu. The last time I ate here with my boyfriend we ordered a spicy tuna roll For my first review I decided to give my two cents about Cherry Blossom. My family and i have been going to this gem for many years now. The menu reads a little weird. They offer a lot of Asian dishes and Italian classics. It sounds weird but they serve one of the best pasta in phoenix. During holiday period I always buy their sweet bread and cookies. Considering the economic times we live in the happy hour prices are a big plus!  and prices were reasonable. The waiter was very pleasant and gave great suggestions. We will be back!"  and the dish was tastefully seasoned. These 3 dishes and 2 alcoholic beverages only set us back $40 (plus tip - which was well-deserved). We will definitely be returning!"  lots of  choices and friendly wait staff.  GREAT happy hour Sushi and prices !  HUGH Noodle bowls to share  Nice little surprise!  Truly enjoyed the Sushi and noodles.  The staff were also very warm and welcoming.  I think I will give it another try. But probably will make sure I am not seated to the same waiter again."  Phoenix is the complete opposite. With little options for a great dining experience with delicious food Cherry Blossom has become one of our comfort-food places. Comparing to other specialty places in phoenix I have been to this noodle cafe many times and love love their Ramen. Their TanTanMen is very good and very hot. I like their Shrimp Shumai too.  The sushi is OK but I don't go there for that. "I'll follow the half star theme and say 3.5. I had the nagiri sara something or other. It tasted like cantonese chow mein kind of. It  was quite good. The waitress said it was very popular. The friend had his ""usual"" of hakata ramen (the lucky guy lives right across the street). The staff is some of the nicest hosts/waitresses I have ever met. Very complementary Stop in give it a try its cheap nice and tasty." Went there a long times ago. Great noodle place. I will go again soon~ Might be for some people I considered giving CherryBlossom Noodle Caf three stars  but can't move past the ramen.  I lurves it so much.  Fantastic flavor I'll definitely be going back."  I'm docking one star only because service was mediocre on a night when it wasn't too busy!" I had the Yakisoba and my girlfriend got some salmon special. Mine was so-so but her fish looked like it had been cooked on a greasy hot plate and apparently tasted bad also. What she ordered came in a box with a bunch of other pretty terrible things I cant recall since it has been a year. The salad was ok for a side salad and the sushi was about as good as store bought. The service was nice and helpful and the place is a little divey to me but could be described as quaint by some. I see some other recommendations but I doubt I go back with so many higher caliber dining places with all around great food so close by. The pricing was right around the price I would spend for much better even then. To each his own I suppose but I know two people that weren't pleasantly surprised. Located across the street from 'Just Blaze' ( a smoke shop) and apartment complexes. Accepts AmEx." Highly recommended. ALSO - you may want to make a reservation on Friday or Saturday night but it works.  Don't forget to try desert.  We had chocolate cake and strawberry cake.  They were so light.  We went back for dinner again the next day to try the salmon spinach pasta and some of the sushi rolls.  The service was attentive even though the place was packed.  I look forward to coming here whenever we are in Az." I can tell they work really hard to fill up 20+ hungry party animals. I was too full to have the dessert. Their frozen chocolate cake looks very delicious. I will visit again without the entire party."  and she was very responsive to my needs and immedeatly told the cooks about my allergy.  Great food...great service and she even gave me a to-go cup for my iced tea....what service....I will be going back here a lot in the future." The sushi and Udon there are also very good. I strongly recommend this place as it has the best Japanese food in town."  I probably won't be going back. I could definitely find better Thai dishes  it tasted like the cook was trying to get rid of some leftover food from the lunch hour.  I did like the crunchy bean sprouts - the only thing that gave the dish any texture at all.  Mixed in were the asian style noodles I expected and also spagetti.  They were both like mush from overcooking.  Though I ordered chicken Awesome sushi! Love this place!  topped with a bit of whipped cream.  I will DEFINITELY be going back." Check it out if you live in the area!"   Even the standard ""Dragon Roll"" was missing.  All-in-all it was pretty good and in the right situation I would go back again--I just wouldn't necessarily seek the place out."  and my water was not refilled once. It was impossible to get anyone's attention to get service which is enough to put me off and not want to come back. Personally  a steal at only $10! I've had their sushi twice. Everything is very cheap and VERY tasty. Servers are very friendly and pretty quick. In and out in 45 minutes during lunch. I think I will be frequenting this place very often."  the server was attentive without being intrusive.  Will absolutely return and have recommended it to my friends and colleagues!" This is our new ""goto"" Japanese joint.  And I will definitely give the Italian dishes a try soon.   MTG Score: DH 0 / Me 3" "i am SO glad we decided to try this place on a sunday night!  they were a bit busy and there was about a 15 minute wait-but it was well worth it. the service was amazing "Went for a little dinner and a beer before going out for some karaoke and dancing last night. We were having a great time  so take advantage of the low prices and double up on your orders!"  but it was good enough to satisfy my ramen fix. The servers were very friendly and efficient. I wish I lived nearby to try more of their dishes."  I'd have to make a special budget item for eating there regularly."  it is the best I have ever had. also the ramen here is delicious. I recommend getting a big bowl of the Hakata." "Loved the feel of this place. I had Suki Udon and was blown away! So good and so much food. My son had a just OK pasta dish and spent most of the time eating my soup. Even with both of us chowing down  but not rough and the sauce it came in was rich and delicious! My husband is constantly dragging me to Chinese places that serve mediocre noddle dishes with so much salt  cheap food costing big bucks giving patrons food-poisoning from re-using left-overs!" Overall the CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe impressed us to say the least.  We will be back to try more.  Thank you CherryBlossom  and they're always very crowded.  But take your time and enjoy the company you're with and you'll be fine!"  some short ribs (dont remember the dish title) ramen and marsala (this is the one we didnt care for) Interesting unique flavors. Also  they have a wide variety menu.  The sushi was ok and the ramen was decent.  It was just weird to get served warm rolls and butter before my spicy tuna roll came out.  I've had better sushi and ramen (not in Phoenix yet but this was my first shot) in so cal so I'll have to update when I venture to another sushi place in town.  Service was good." The best part however is hearing tourists say ""HEY THAT WAS CONNIE CHUNG"" I corrected them and said ""Do you mean Lin Sue Cooney?"" it was good for a laugh but you just never know who you will see here!  it is AMAZING!  GO!!!!"  & the whole in the wall authentic experience is your thing than this is the place for you..." If you want to try dining here there are still some positives. I would just go off hours and somehow get them to give you a slice of their Banana Bread. lol! The lunch specials were rather cheap actually so that's another positive  with the exception of only one waiter that I really dislike. He is extremely dense and not very knowledgeable about the food on the menu  but the Cajun soft-shell crab was AMAZING. My dad is from Boston and eats a lot of seafood and we eat a lottttt of crab and this was one of the better places in Phoenix I've had soft-shell crab. It wasn't overly fried like some places (ahem  it's the only Japanese restaurant that I go to Good food wide variety give it a try." Great food and my water glass was always full.  I loved the tofu noodles and I usually don't like that kind of thing. The sever forgot about us and my katsu curry tasted like meat gravy. What a waste of my precious hard earned money. love the cold soba noodles  I recommend this one. Go here! You will not be disappointed."  and the pasta was overcooked. Overall food was ok but worse than I had expected given the 4 star rating and seemingly authentic menu."  but I understood it was the lunchtime rush and the place was filled. Probably won't be going back soon though." We decided to keep waiting since my friend was worried that other restaurants are closed by the time we get there (It was almost 9pm.). Turned out that was a big mistake. One of the clam noodle plates was not well-cooked. (The angel hair noodle was still half raw.) The other one was even worse. Some clams were still icy. Not just cold Horrible service. Barely acknowledged when you first walked in. Slow service and waited for my check for 20 minutes before getting up to go get it myself. Will not come again.  and fortunately I can do just that without breaking the bank! Take a little detour from the light rail area and give Cherry Blossom a chance."  Italian dishes. I've never had any of the Italian items but friends of mine say they're delicious. I honestly have never had a bad meal or bad service there. Lots of tofu and veg-head selections Went to dinner last night before the Susan Tedeschi & the Derek Truck band concert at Comerica Theater. It was the BEST dinner we have had in a very long time. This being our first time at Cherry Blossom our waiter was very accomadating & helped us with suggestions. The food was fantastic!! My husband ordered the Korean Spicy Beef Noodles & I ordered Yakisoba with seafood (minus the calamari & asked for SPICY!!!) they were both excellent entrees. If this restuarant was closer to us we would probably come back weekly until we tried everything. The portions were quite large & the prices are very reasonable. I want to thank all the other YELP reviewers for also leaving excellent feedback to help us decide on this little gem. We all know you can't always believe what you read BUT this place is worth a try. REALLY!!! "Best ramen I've had in Arizona.  Very tasty broth.  Nice ambiance and fast service.  They have a wide selection of Japanese appetizers  too! I got the ramen lunch special which came with a California roll that was incredibly tasty and fresh  it's no Shinsengumi of Los Angeles - but in Phoenix this is as good as it gets." "I love ""hole in the wall"" restaurants. This place has great decor Love this place! Definitely come back for the ramen! For the ramen soup!" What a cool and unique place! The food is fantastic. The chicken katsu was amazing !!  so it's a great place for the family because everyone can have something different.  Service is ok "The takana ramen was tasty. Especially the broth. Also tried the extremely spicy gyoza pot. I love spicy food  i was charged regular price on the dish without being told by the server that it wouldn't qualify for the lunch special due to the substitution.  It was only $3 more for the rice nooodles  and bean sprouts for a hearty bowl of YUM! I have had lots off the menu here as I really do love this place. The Miso Ramen is by far my favourite. My tiny always orders gyoza. The sashimi is fresh also! I have no complaints for this place. Ever." Everything is fresh and full of flavor. We try something new each time and it has never disappointed."  love their pork ramen!"  calamari too.  They also had spicy ribs on the appetizer menu...got to try that next.  Udon in iron pot looked good too! Service is once again fast and friendly.  It really is becoming one of my favorite joints in AZ.  Located in a small plaza.  4.5 stars!"  no complaints.  Service was great.  Food was delicious." NOTE:  Manager/Owner = Get a food runner.  Thats all they do -- run food!  It's simple. I am sure the service staff doesn't want to pay out their tips to a food runner.  But Avoid avoid avoid. What is this place Japanese? Italian? Do they know who they are? We ordered seaweed salad - I think my frys has better salad for $2; my daughter ordered California rolls - very average; the pad Thai was as bland as I have ever had and the calamari was over fried and zero flavor - no wonder they offer  sauce. Kids liked the cinnamon flavored bread so that accounts for one star. Wonderful place! If you come around 4:30/5 you shouldn't have trouble finding a table. All the desserts are excellent. I don't have anything bad to say!  two entrees and an alcoholic drink for under $40. The soba w/ buckwheat noodles... delicious and gluten-free. I'm in heaven."  even we offered to pay for them. I offered the Gomoku Yaki Udon - pork was overcooked and overrun with whole calamari that still had eyes... Interesting decorating - Asian  I would go to Cherry Blossom if it is near you or if you are just dying to get your ramen fix and you don't have a lot of options living in Phoenix but I prefer other ramen houses I have been to in Vegas and California much more than Cherry Blossom." champon noodles is one of our favorites. the cinnamon bread is awesome Fantastic ramen and awsome service!  Will be going back for sure! I loved this place it seemed very authentic the watress was very friendly and the food is delicious plus the price is great. we had just about everything we could order on the menu and it was great. I expected to pay a big bill at the end but didnt it was well and fair priced so the watress got extra for being extra special. I would say at least try it once. I have eaten here a number of times and the same problems seem to be on going.  I will avoid in the future or at least these menu items."  solid place. I'm a big fan of the ramen... It's a big bowl of happiness. Never had a problem with the service (only place I've ever been to where the server apologized for interrupting me when she was checking in) as everyone has been very nice."  I really wanna go there during their happy hours :)" Went here xmas eve. Delish and great service! The CBNC does get busy with a wait during the lunch and dinner hours and service can be inconsistent outside of the bar which is another reason I sit at the bar.  But I feel the food makes up for just a few easy to overlook annoyances." Cherry Blossom noodle cafe is more what I call an Asian fusion restaurant. It is a little dive that looks like nothing from the outside. You just have to be courageous enough to open the front door and discover the fabulous flavors of Asia that await to conquer your palate. I definitely would not say that Cherry Blossom  is Japanese by denomination. By far Can't wait to go back!"  the food is delicious. It does take a while to get from ordering to eating but the cooks are hustling so I can't complain. Try the Gyoza Hot Pot. It's awesome. 5 stars without the wait and bare (but potentially clean-ish??) hands on food."  and it has always been fairly good--both the cooked noodles portion of the menu  as well as the sushi side.  I haven't paid too much attention to the Italian food.   Anyway  try and call ahead or get ready for a wait.  I know this place is famous for 30 mins to 1 hour wait "This place is really nice and is tucked away in a plaza that is not really noticeable  "I was amazed by this place! I went with a large group and everyone loved their dish. I could not believe that one restaurant could rock both Asia and Italian cuisine. They have homemade desserts too. The prices were amazingly low  we asked for a spit check and he proceeded to tell us that he ""couldn't do tax in his head"" so basically too bad. We decided to spit the check 4 ways to be as easy as possible. Then as we were leaving he reprimanded us for not asking for a spit check before hand. I think it would have been nice for a server to be observant and ask us if we needed that rather than expect the table to make that known. A little foresight and customer service would have made a huge difference." I really like this place. The atmosphere is nice and the good is really good. My girlfriend doesn't like their sushi. I think it's good for inexpensive sushi and a sake for lunch. There's a calamari salad that's very good. Recommended. Go only if you have a lot of time and don't mind not getting refills on your drinks (or sometimes not at all for your whole meal)." "There is just something about this place. I have been there few times and I love it. I think it is becoming more popular  they have asian food and italian! Food is always good. The service varies depending on who your server is that day. Sometimes the waiting time for a table is crazy. Parking is hit or miss."  it's small and the noise level isn't too loud so you can easily hold a conversation with whoever you're eating with. But I don't think they have a great ventilation system because you can smell the smoke/cooking smells from the kitchen." Anyway! The place has great food for a great price. I definitely plan on going there more often."  but I was not happy with the server we had. She took forever to get our drinks and was not the friendliest. She also took my husbands soda while we were eating to refill it and took forever to bring it back. It was not even empty yet. I like the Pad Thai  being in a non-descript strip mall next to a Domino's pizza and a drive-thru liquor store.  The inside is very quaint and nice and clean."  which is a hard feat for most restaurants. I particularly love the Chicken parmesan (best in Phoenix) "I had the tofu pasta with clam wine sauce. I have never tried tofu pasta before. It was very good. It's definitely a place for Japanese Italian (noodles) than traditional Japanese Great place for happy hour!"  don't go to one of those American chains pretending to be a Japanese restaurant. :cough cough: Ra Sushi."  and both are done right. Price matches the quality of food and service. Parking is the only negative."  it can take a while to get one's check and change.  Vaya con paciencia."  mainly because I also want to try their sushi and ramen noodles. But they are well known for their noodles so I'd like to come back to try that next time. =)" the food is okay.  a little pricey for what you get." I will never tire of this place. Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe sets the bar high and keeps it there."  is such a sweet guy. He carefully explained the lunch dishes to me. I love the window table table they gave me. With the cute lil lamp. The dish I had Korean spicy Beef. Dilish..... & Green tea. It's a cute place. Gets packed at lunch  sweet and knowledgeable about explaining when asked ""Why does this place serve Asian fusion AND Italian food?"" I'm not giving the answer herein..you'll have to go try it to find out! What a find."  the noodles did not seem like genuine ramen. They had the taste and texture of Italian vermicelli. My inner food snob was all like ""Sacre bleu! Zis eez sacrilege!"" but my inner glutton helped me to get over it and enjoy the delicious spicy soup."  give Cherry Blossom a try." Great place for Ramen!! I definitely recommend!!! Absolutely delicious ramen. The hakata and the chashu are my favorites. It can get busy but don't let a wait discourage you. Completely worth it.  the entire experience was pretty good but far from great. CherryBlossom offers an eclectic mix of different cuisines and dishes. Though the ramen could not satiate  ""hey this isn't right.""  ""your right let me correct it"".  ""Uh it still not correct"".  It took them 4 tries to finally get it right.  There were two of us and we ordered 2 plates and 1 drink!"  waited for my check...it took much longer than I wanted for a evening snack on a not so busy evening. Ramen...the best in Phoenix so far." Very good ramen. Had some excellent pot stickers and edamame as well. Cheaply priced as well! The saki clams r good too" Feed your NOODLE and ENJOY!" Definitely recommend this place as a solid lunch option for a reasonable price." This place is fantastic. I decided to get some take out and it was delicious. I didn't want to stop at just one bowl of the Cha-Shu. I will definitely be going back many more times in the future. My wife and I lived in Japan for 4 years.... the one thing I haven't been able to find in and around Phoenix ...until today is really well done sticky rice. I had almost given up hope :)  The meal was all around very good. The ramen my wife had was tasty but I would say the ramen at Monta in Las Vegas is better. The broth is much more flavorful.  All in all... this is a nice place to have here in the Valley... give it a try.  the food makes up for any shortcomings. Go try some of the dishes I just mentioned and let me know what you think!" I'll definitely be back but it may take me several trips to try something other than Katsudon only becuase I've been searching for it for so long."  and pad Thai. The orange roughy is really good as well. Small place but can surprisingly seat a lot of people. The theme is Asian Paris. It's always crowded. Service can be slow but the food here is worth it!! Easily a Phoenix favorite."  but good at least). This was really sub-par at best; the nicest servers or prettiest backdrop cannot make up for low-quality food. But I am a temporary tourist in Phoenix (4 months for work  and are inexpensive.  It's definitely a smaller restaurant but they do take reservations.  Service is pretty consistent in that it is good - except for this one caucasian guy that we've had twice that never seemed into his job  a good place to get your noodle fix." Thanks to Cherry Blossom and the Pie Hole my list of foods I need to stay happily downtown is complete." I enjoyed some spicy ramen with chicken while Dave got to have sushi and seafood udon. Perusing the menu I found more than just the ramen that I am interested in trying.  This is definitely a place we can visit again and again." Overall experience of the Culinary Ninja: When breaking your solemn vegetarian vow it is good to exercise within a week of consuming any meat product.  This Ninja has enjoyed the experience and plans on returning before the first clouds of Winter stretch out over the valley horizon."  was especially kind and helpful even though I am a bit of a high maintenance orderer(allergies :-/ ) Cannot say enough good things about Cherry Blossom!!! Love it!"  our waitress was extremely friendly and very helpful. No complaints here I look forward to returning and trying some Italian dishes. Also They offer reasonably priced lunch specials and sushi too. My only complaint is that the service can be a little slow  and the noodles are perfectly cooked. Try the Milky Green Tea-- it's my favorite drink on the menu. The owner is very pleasant "I discovered this place a few months ago and ever since cannot stop going back. This is one of the only places where I don't mind waiting for an hour (usually on weekend nights) because it is so good. Great staff It doesn't really matter how good the food is if you can't get to it." I would like to go back to try something else."  I will keep going back." "The price for happy hour is good  come check this place out and if you're in the mood DEFF TRY THE CHICKEN PARM!"  it was balanced and bursting with flavor. I would gladly pay double or what I received. Staff was nice as well. Keep up the good work!"  my receipt said Ken was my server so that may have been his name. I  enjoyed the food but had to keep asking for things like my appetizer which never came out before my meal so I asked for it during my meal and he immediately brought it to me which meant it was sitting somewhere. I had to ask for some bread as that was never brought out. Had to ask for a refill on my green tea from another person that was walking past. Afterwards he sat down my ticket and I put my card down to pay and he never came back to take it so I had to ask an older Asian woman to check me out."  so take my word for it. Last night I had my usual collection of appetizers and sake. My friend had her usual sushi orders. Word of caution for newbies: service can be uneven  but it certainly didn't taste fresh either. It was somewhere in between the two...if that is possible. The presentation wasn't bad either  and the quality can be hit or miss on the rolls. I recommend going for the main entrees."  or just simply being cheap & cutting on the potion size.  We had ordered the tofu shiitake mushrooms and got just three pieces.  What!  I have ordered this many times definitely more than three tofu's.  At the least the ramen still good.  The size is the same." Went here for lunch today with three other people from work. It was packed but we were able to get a table in the back. They have some great lunch specials and I ordered the Shrimp tempura Udon soup with a California roll. The soup was good however it could have had a little more flavor. I ended up having to put in some soy sauce to liven it up a little bit. The California roll was right on and I enjoyed it. I also ordered a side if Gyoza (potstickers) and they were very tasty as well. I really like how the wrapping was thinner than most places. The bread that they give you when you sit down is very good.  They are hot and fresh yeasty rolls and it was hard to have just one. They also have a great selection of desserts as well as baked goods. I did bring home a slice of chocolate cake for hubby so I don't know how it is yet but it sure looks good! Service was very good and our waitress was very friendly and attentive. I would recommend this place and will definitely come back again. This will be my new lunch place EVERY time I get my hair done." If you are looking for a wide selection of Japanese food that is fresh and delicious  and rice. I think the range of items is really the neat part about Cherry Blossom. It seems impossible to come here and not find something you like. Although I haven't really tried any of their Italian dishes  but with great soups and salads as well. My wife and I really enjoyed our lunch. She had the hot beef Thai Salad and I had the Miso ramen with salmon. No complaints here!"  so I don't know what was going on in the kitchen.  I thought both dishes were too salty and the cha su was very dry. The ramen should also have more vegetables to balance out the bowl. I was glad I added on some tempura vegetables.  It satisfied my craving because I was sick and wanted soup  prepped really well. I ordered the spicy Korean beef and it was oh so good. I think this can go down as one of the best dishes I have ever had in my life. With each bite you experience so many different flavors. I can't wait to go back to this place and try something new."  piano music.  How about some K-Pop or something. I know that's Korean music but it's a start. ;0)" "The best Japanese restaurant in Phoenix that I have been to so far.  I am a Japan native and this comes close to home cooking. Love it. Also "The Thai Beef Salad here is Amazing!  Spicy with tons of flavor.  I like their sushi too  so I haven't completely given up on this place."  and I ultimately have nothing but praise for Cherry Blossom." Don't Snoh a few door down"  but the broth was amazing! So spicy and flavorful...it was awesome. I got to try Becca's Tantan noodles (or something) which was spicy noodle soup with ground pork.....ohhhhh definitely what I would get if it weren't happy hour. It was so delicious The worst experience I've ever had. I should have known better when they told us 15 minute wait turned to 40. Then finally seated by the door a crowd of people also waiting for to be seated standin behind us. We waited 15 then for our server to make his first appearance...we left. Ridiculous.  but doesn't have much meat.. Huge portion of noodles though. Place is so cute inside even though it looks like a shitty strip mall location! Must go! I will be back many more times." There is only about 4 pieces of meat about the size of my thumbnail in my Hakata bowl. So disappointing. "I absolutely love this little cafe restaurant.  Everytime I came  I had a Valentine's day dinner course here before and it was so romantic and tasteful. This is the one of two Japanese restaurants in Arizona that I can enjoy authentic Japanese food!"  perfect for a quick lunch.  The decor is really surprisingly authentic to a neighborhood ramen-ya in Japan.  The staff were very nice.  I took a little tart with me as a treat for later food is consistently excellent.  BUT do not buy their gift cards which expire one year from issuance.  Cherry Blossom is one of my favorites so I received a few gift cards but they expired last week (dec. 19th) and the restaurant will not honor them.  There is a promotion they're offering for gift cards so buyer beware.  this place is the worst sushi place ever. We also noticed that the people preparing the sushi were of Hispanic origin. That explains the sushi quality but it doesn't explain the jack of customer service."  I will say that their pastries are good."  not too much sauce and plenty of chicken; the philly roll was all right--tastes just like any other. My boyfriend was disappointed that the tempura roll was rolled into tempura flakes instead of flash fried. But overall  and even my boyfriend's business associates to this location.  They have happy hour prices  dumpling app. and korean beef rib noodles. Everything was very good. The sushi was outstanding! I will be back!" Best ramen place in the valley. Try their hakata ramen. The broth is very soothing and so good. If you like it spicy then definitely try tan tan men. I wish they had more places like this in Phoenix area. AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg  and ramen!  Try the low carb soy noodles in your Italian dish.  Good stuff."  but once you receive your delicious bowl of goodness you will quickly forget!" Probably one of the fewest Japanese restaurants that are decent in AZ.  Nothing phenomenal but it is as good as it gets out here. The prices are good but the restaurant is tight and crowded when it's busy.  It's not a relaxing atmosphere for dinner. A great spot to eat out with friends. Great place for any occasion.  Food is great. Sushi is fresh.  Service is amazing. Eat here once a week. And I live in Chandler  just right amount of sweetness made it so perfect and I ate all... May be it's a good thing that this place is not too close to my house. I may try their cake too often and I have to watch my girly figure if I do :)."  and now I wonder what took me so long and when can I return! I asked for suggestions from my friends who are frequent customers  my old roomie was a big japanese food fan and she brought me to all the amazing places in So Cal. So expectations are super high for ramen and other japanese appetizers!"  I love this place and will continue to return even if I have to deal with the inconsistencies." MUST TRY AND RECOMMEND!!"  I will miss you dearly.  Luckily I have friends who are sure to send me frequent snapchats of their future noodle feasts.  Until we meet again  but it somehow works. Their pad thai is tasty and I love the udon. The portions are quite large and they don't skimp on protein. Staff is all very friendly and it doesn't break the bank. I want to come back and try the ramen  I have missed good Asian food!! The udong and katsu bowl curry is my favorite. Their Korean style dishes does not taste Korean but it's still good. And compared to all the other Asian restaurants in town There's a steady flow of customers that come in and you can tell that they all enjoy themselves and the food. It really hows. I can't wait to come back and try more food off the menu everything sounds super delicious." Loved the food! Potstickers are good start and any noodle bowl is good. Ya lil cramped inside but it's a nice cozy kinda feel. Ordered the tempura plate and the Katsura curry with a green tea .Everything was amazing will be coming back! AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg LOOOOVE this place!! PAD Thai is delicious :) I haven't been here but my friend says it amazing by any chance does anyone know I they serve bubble tea or calpico? "We have been to this restaurant multiple times. The restaurant serves both Asian and Italian dishes. This is my hubby's favorite place for ramen noodles and he told me the broth is pretty close to the flavors you'd find in ramen houses in Tokyo. According to one of the employees  it was amazing. I've had better pork but the broth and noodles made up for it big time! Phoenix doesn't have a really big Asian community esp in comparison to LA and MN so I was happy to find a place with proper good noodles. I'm a noodles freak! One of the best ramens I've had."  I was pleasantly surprised to how good the broth was.  I got the Cha-Shu ramen and the broth was not too salty annd to me This place is local favorite!  Such a random menu from sushi to Italian food yet nothing disappoints! The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because of the service. It's rather sub-par. The wait staff are friendly they just aren't overly attentive and often seemed a bit confused or disjointed. I often find myself waiting for sometime after I sit down for a waiter to even come by with water. It's not the worst thing ever  however my server in particular very very rude and not helpful with menu questions Amazing! Ramen was spicy and delicious! A must try. I totally recommend the California crunchy roll. Fresh flavors and reasonably priced. Will tell every sushi lover I know Will be back soon. Like tomorrow."  which is supposed to be the best ramen place in California. Can't wait to get me another one!"  which I ate all of! Thank you! AND I was hungry an hour later without leftovers! I am so disappointed and insulted."  while  he got the cha-shu.  We were both super happy with our food - practically licked the bowls!  Our server (think his name was Brandon)  prices and service although sometimes slow during busy times but worth the wait." Great food at a great price. This place is a great find and thanks to yelp and the great reviews I read I decided to try it out and all I can say is the good was awesome!!!!! If you are in the area stop by and try this place out I would totally recommend it. Thanks again YELP for helping me find a great place to eat. The food is tasty.  I will definitely make the trip to try it again.  The only issue is it's quite crowded and they don't seem to have enough servers but I guess this is typical to all good restaurants.  I would still recommend this place to anyone.  I will also try their pastry next time.  It appears that this was a bakery in the past and then turned into a restaurant. They have more than just sushi" Now do u inderstand my confusion to this fusion? I probably wont b back. Surprised with all the yelp reviews...disappointed." this place is wonderful! everything me and my husband have had here is absolutely delicious! everything is fresh and very tasty. great menu and a good happy hour on fridays! check out the cherry blossom noodle cafe!  no good news here. Avoid." I definitely recommend this place ad will be coming back." Can't beat their happy hour! Food comes out fast and fresh. Sometimes I do find that I'm looking around for my server to bring refills/the check but for $3 sushi rolls I really can't complain! The decor is not what you'd expect to find inside but who cares when the food is this good? There was about four chefs cooking right in front of us because it was an open kitchen and we were sitting at the bar right in front of them.  We saw every dish that they pushed out and they were all made from scratch.  The ingredient was definately fresh and the chefs has skills.  It was impressive to watch.  They served chinese The ramen was delicious! This was actually our first ramen in Arizona which is first and best! The sushi was nice and good! Our server was funny and friendly! This was the first and best Japenese food in Arizona!!!!!!!!!! I got the worst food poisoning I have ever had in my life from this place. It has been three days and I'm still having trouble eating and digesting food. I do not recommend eating here "amazing passion fruit tea  it's takes a while to get the food out. Another thing is the seating. It is very small so every table is really close together. Other than those two things Decent prices. Needs a fresh remodeling "Excellent. Ordered the Korean spicy beef dish. It was great. Worth the drive. I will definitely go there again I then immediately walked out! Don't have to spend my $$ at a place that is so unfriendly towards it's customers." The service was good.  Although it seemed that they were a bit stretched for the busy Wednesday night.  All in all it was a good experience and we will be back.  It took about 10 minutes after were eating to get our check processed."  I can't imagine we were the first group with this request!  I'm not saying I will never eat here again because that is not the case but I can say I will never get take out for more then one person from here Service was great and they even let us bring in milk tea from Snoh next door. I would love to come back during happy hour and try the other deals. Even the regular menu seemed pretty cheap "Lots of menu items to choose from. Got shrimp pad Thai and California crunch roll  but might be a personal preference. The tan-tan men noodles were very good as well. Sushi is decent. Haven't tried the asian-italian fusion dishes but my ex always ordered one and they looked absolutely fantastic."  sometimes it's good other times they kinda forget about you. I go back because I really like their food." "Reasonably priced for the quality of food received. Went on a date here and loved it so much that I came back to show my mom and sister how delicious the food was. Popular little hidden restaurant that I would highly recommend to anyone. The menu is so extensive and everything looks so delicious that deciding on what to eat is a problem I love having when I go to a restaurant. Service is just a tad slow but that is expected as it is a very popular spot apparently  excellent food! (Also appreciate the diversity of their menu ^^)" The food here is wonderful and the price is amazing! They have a beautiful atmosphere and the staff here are really nice! It's great for get togethers and parties! What I love most is their dessert! Their cakes are lightly sweet and not bland! Not to mention that their desserts are so light! If you can also order take out! Cherry blossom is truly amazing. This is a great first date restaurant for it's cheap prices and large selection of possibilities." "I like how the menu crosses continents.  It's nice to have options.  My husband ordered the ramen.  It's definitely tasty comfort food.  Nothing like the packaged stuff were used to.  I ordered jap chae.  It was a little salty do I marked them down a star.  It would have been nice if my noodles weren't swimming in soy sauce.  The waitstaff is nice but it took a while to get our check and I was starting to get bored since we already ate all of our meal.  To leave this review on a couple of positive notes They have really fresh sushi.  It's a great little place for lunch.  Very nice staff.  and even though I omit avocado due to an allergy the rolls were a good size. We also got the chicken pad thai and took home leftovers. All was well "I went to Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe for lunch at the recommendation of a coworker. The prices were reasonable Whenever I am hungry I can count on this place to send me out content! The food is great and there is such a wide variety to pick from. Not feeling like Asian food? No probelm! Pick from one of their Italian pastas! Sushi is great and I recommend the curry! Need to add a good ramen with all the fixons to add on and I would stop going to Japan to eat" The chicken Phad Thai here is like the casting of Mance Rayder in Game of Thrones...like I'm sure he is a great actor but his face is weird.  i would not get a roll. I would direct myself to one of the other dishes which were satisfactory."  it was a lovely experience. The environment was very nice as well. It was great to see some Japanese stuff on the walls and around the restaurant. It was pretty busy in there as well. My only complaint is that we didn't get to interact with any Japanese employees  and other non-noodle things that make an asian noodle place amazing. This is a place for old Phoenicians that think they are going outside of their comfort zone. For them I had the pad thai and the California roll. Both were pretty good but not mind blowing. They do have a very robust menu so I would go back to try more of their offerings.  however this gives it character and many people like that. Noli is a fine waiter and the service there is as good as possible and usually warm." Other than the super delayed service the food was yummy for a great price!!" "I used to think they had the best tonkotsu ramen in Arizona but lately something changed. It's not as good as before. The soup tastes weaker and the meat is harder and tastes different. Also My eating companion and I absolutely love this place. We've been frequenting CB over the years and watched what seemed to be our little secret grow busier and busier. The staff is great and the food is even better. We never seem to wait long and it's a great atmosphere to bring a date or just chop it up with friends. But like their sign says.. I think I will go with the noodles next time."  come here for quality Japanese food and expect a modest wait (definitely worth it though!)" All in all great place and I will be back for sure." Not a perfect 5 because I know it can still be even better in their noodle quality/treatment."  but the chashu ramen is always the way to go! So much flavor in the broth and the sushi is just as good! Usually you can tell when sushi is old or pre-made because the seaweed inside will be soggy and stringy  and things forgotten and duplicated that weren't supposed to be. Not sure I'll be back."  like your choice of noodle soup with inari or a California roll.  Although the sushi isn't a reason to visit Cherryblossom and the California roll isn't something I'd jump at ordering even at my favorite sushi joint  but always packed and crowded. I've had the smoked salmon ramen and the udon stir fry. Neither were very good. Ramen was too salty and the udon was bland. The calamari salad is good after the first few bites Great place! Stopped here on a whim with a friend from out of town and really enjoyed it. The food was fantastic and the service was even better! Definitely go to this place if you're in the area:)  I had the assorted tempura dinner and my wife ordered the tofu salad. We shared the squid salad appetizer and of course they always bring out bread & butter with your drink order. Everything was yummy as usual. My wife tried the mango tango drink? Very unusual taste  finished eating and left before our appetizer came.  A shame.  What a way to lose business.  There are other places to go."  especially for happy hour. I wish I hadn't taken so long to stop in!" Final thoughts: I would come back to try other dishes."  i needed to add a lot of hot sauce" "We have been coming to this place for years and it never disappoints. I just wish we could come more often! I've had some of the sushi and the miso with salmon ramen Went for the first time today and was pleasantly surprised to learn it was a Italian Japanese fusion. I ordered the chicken katsu which was really tender. The salad was also really good. We will be back !  and their goyza spicy soup is the best!!!  I keep going back since is one of my favorites!!"  and amazing sushi! You can't go wrong here! Everything on the menu is fresh and delicious! Can't wait to come back for more!" This little restaurant  has a wade variety of noodles.  Their menu may be too large and sometimes makes your decision tough.their food is good not great. Mostly Asian fusion .many of my friends love this place. Service is a little slow  I would really rank it 3.5 Was looking for a noodle place in phoenix and found Cherryblossom. It was fantastic! Definitely the place to go for ramen and udon. Hidden gem. I can't wait to come back and try more things on their lunch menu but you better bet I'll be ordering that ramen lunch special sooner than later!"  or various other things wrong with it.  I vastly prefer nigiri or sashimi to rolls.  In this case I was pleasantly surprised.  It had a light tempura battering and the roll itself was extremely well balanced.  I would definitely order it again." The pork katsu with curry was better. The curry was a tad bit sour for my liking but the pork was pretty good! My dad kept complimenting the rice  not overly sweet and fake tasting like some other places. This place is not quick I have recommended this place to many friends and will be going back as long as they're open for business."  sending it UPS is a very odd method of delivery"".  Then it dawned on me...what's my hangover food of choice after a good old fashioned bar crawl that ends with me playing inappropriate songs by Academy Award winning rap groups at bars whose name I can't recall? OMG NOODLES!!!!  Oh yes AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg The food was awesome and the staff was great. Home away from home.  Love it.  so you should not expect the waiter to be only serving you...that would be unreasonable. Bottom line  and spicy! The ramen is great and we're obsessed with their weird cakes. The servers are super friendly and always helpful. Sushi is always tastey." Note to self: just order the Chasu ramen. There def should be at least one whole slice of pork "Our excitement to try this spot was sadly not realized in the taste of the food. Sickening amount of oil and wah wah wahhhh.. no flavor. Ordered the hataka ramen and spicy beef from all the raves from Yelpers. Boo on youuu. The place is cute  pad Thai and tan tan men. The broths were all delicious and unique.  It was fairly 'Americanized' but so are we  Pad Thai comes with a plate full of noodles and veggies.  Service is slow because of the crowds.  Had to ask for more water and it took more than a moment to receive the bill.  A bit overpriced for noodles yet still good.  I would not make a special trip to visit." "I had a simple meal of the tofu steak steamed and it was delicious! My friends ordered from the Italian food section. I was worried "This is a dusty (literally) little cafe. The pork and vegetable potstickers were yummy but served cold. The ramen with bbq pork was good but order it with ""more pork"" if you want more than 2 pieces of meat. The vegetable and tofu tempura was delicious in a broth. Service was not very good If you are a little impatient (or your date is) then it might be best to try somewhere a little less hectic. However if you don't mind sitting around a bit and chatting   they also serve Italian food.  Best chicken marsala I have ever had. And they have a great happy hour. Try the potstickers  white meat cutlet seasoned but not covered up by mounds of cheese and not over salted.  Husband had udon soup - tastey "Co-worker introduced me to this little gem today for lunch. To sum the service and food into one word would be AMAZING! A little bit of everything-fresh sushi Mostly its the atmosphere and the ""little known"" quality of the restaurant that is good.  The food is solid and pretty consistent.  The service is always pretty good."  Everyone I have introduce this place (and this is quite a few people) continue coming back over and over again. Best place for happy hour sushi weekdays from 3-6pm. If you don't like sushi no worries this place has you covered. Italian pasta dishes available. Suggestion: Try the spicy Tan Tan Ramen or the Yakisoba Noodles. Dessert is a MUST here. All desserts are made daily at the restaurant. I always get the Flan its creamy and caramel delicious!" They will make anything with rice noodles very friendly place. Love the decor." Parking lot gets packed FAST and I've always had to wait at least an hour to be seated." "I really enjoyed this place! Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. My husband and I tried the miso ramen with salmon and the seared ahi tuna appetizer. My husband loved his seared ahi. He recommends squeezing lemon on the ahi tuna. The miso ramen was really flavorful. It was a little salty but not to the point where I couldn't enjoy it. I was a little disappointed that they only put two slices of salmon in the ramen but there were plenty of veggies to make up for it. It was very filling.  They even give you bread to start out with. Overall Absolutely love this place! It's so cute and the food omg!  the chicken Marcella and chicken parmesan is delicious :-) don't get me started on the green tea! it's absolutely delicious and it's such a nice place to hang w. Some friends or go out on a date; maybe even take your fam. it's beautiful and the service is wonderful; all the employees make you feel comfortable. Very clean and decorated nice. Never disappoints me! definitely my favorite place in the entire world. :-) thank you cherry blossom!  so I went with that. Everyone at the table loved it - and the birthday girl was sufficiently surprised and got to bring half of it home. The cake wasn't cheap - but while I didn't check the dessert prices for individual slices - I am guessing it would have been close to the same to order six separate desserts. So - if you have a decent size group - it's well worth it to buy the cake in advance!"  but I will also order the udon and soba noodle soups as well.  My partner had the lunch bento  not so great service. Hakata noodles are delicious. Small restaurant "So far this is my favorite place to enjoy good ramen in Arizona. It was so good that I even took my mom here! (She is very hard to impress when it comes to food) She actually expected the ramen to taste like the Korean Shin Ramyum noodle packs. Surprisingly I will be back but refuse to sit in his section...EVER!"  but for once we didn't partake. Really great spot and very affordable too. I would definitely return next time I'm in Phoenix."  enjoy bantering with Kenny (He's the guy that sounds like Napoleon Dynamite!) I could eat here 3 times a week!! (and sometimes do!!)" Charsu Ramen soup is the best in the valley! Prices are affordable and there is a lot to choose from !" My favorite Sushi place. Especially great for first timers since they do have a broad menu outside of sushi. The ambiance is great as well. Perfect for dates or just passing time with friends. Our server was very fast and at first was sorta rough around the edges but he opened up to us and started talking about nerdy stuff bc he thought we were cosplayers. That actually lighten the tension a lot and things changed when we started joking around." I ordered the house white wine and 2 each of those rolls. PERFECT." "Went here for mothers day a couple of years back and was so happy at the diversity of menu options. My mother loved her Italian meal   the service was spectacular and our writer's unique character made our night. He even rushed our forgotten to-go drink as we got to our car. Yep.. our drink was the only thing worth taking to-go because we managed to eat all of the potstickers. Btw it tasted like a frozen brand  hot udon and champon. However..... this review is about their fruit cream cake my boyfriend  and I had about 2 weeks ago. I am not usually the dessert type  but we decided to ""go all out"" and order dessert and we were NOT disappointed. I am not sure if their desserts change daily but all I can say is that I dream about this cake. It is not  too sweet AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg  beautiful decorations and great staff. I've never been to an Italian/Japanese fusion restaurant and they definitely got the blend right. Our meals came with bread "This place has my FAVORITE dish on earth - the udon sukiyaki is honestly heavenly. It's a bit of the drive for me This is a quaint little neighborhood like place. The menu is unique and interesting. The asian food was fantastic! The pot stickers were very spicy and the noodle dishes are full of the best noodles i have ever had. Must go!  great but they were pretty busy! The food came out fast and it was pretty delicious. I love the Udon noodle soup and the shrimp tempura. It's kind of expensive but the food was really good so it was worth it. The lunch specials was still a little on the expensive side but my friend got a chicken katsu and it looked really good. I would come back again (:" "Amazing food and service. Sushi was fresh and dishes had so much flavor. Will definitely come back again. Came here because of yelp "I've been here probably 15 times. I usually order the beef udon dish. It's excellent! Their chicken parmesan is also so flavorful and impressive. The environment is quaint. Gives me a ""hole in the wall"" feel. This is my favorite noodle spot. Having been to Okinawa  good for vegetarians. The Nabiyaki Udon Noodle is very good. Shrimps in it are cooked well. We asked extra! Some waitress can remember the order by brain!" AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg  we got Fumihiko as our server. He is the most nicest & polite server that I've had. One of my favorite food to eat here is the Katsu-don pork bowl. It's very delicious "I like coming to CherryBlossom for the tan tan man Ramon.  It is a great price and I love the favor of it too.  Every time I come the service is great and they are alway really busy.  The restaurant is not all that big Located in a Small shopping center but very warm atmosphere inside."  just the right spice and meaty. Sooooo delicious! And the cinnamon crisps were so yummy. Fast service Been here 3 times now and the food has always been great but I have yet to have a polite server they all seem to be rude especially for being servers. But whenever I crave ramen this is my go to. 4 stars because service is bad." I am a fan of the Ramen and Tan Tan-Men is my favorite but it is very spicy I warn you. This place is an amazing hole in the wall with wonderful reviews for a reason. Everything I ordered was delicious from start to finish. It was also big portions for a great price.  and the food was fabulous! I had the tempura bowl for lunch. ot's rice with a little bit of teriyaki dressing Tl; dr: The Cherry Blossom Caf has not only taught me to love food "The worst place I have ever been too. I ate their sushi and their noodles and had bowel movement for a week straight and that was the first thing I had on that day. I passed out and end up in the hospital with food poisoning. This place is nasty  we did have to wait a bit to get seated despite it being slow but nothing else too concerning. I will be returning :)" Love this place! Definitely get one of their amazing soups! The Korean beef is also a great dish here.  noodle and ""pho-like.""  I got the salmon miso ramen soup.  It was fantastic.  I had them add some spinach to eat.  Very healthy and yummy.  I am telling everyone about this place."  shelter yourself under the friendly atmosphere of this noodle heaven.  You will be glad you did."  so it's very popular indeed.  The giant calamari salad is my new addiction. The service was friendly and enthusiastic.  Great place ... wish they would add a location in Sedona  For that reason I can't go back but I really had a nice experience." I recently came since people I know have been raving about this place for awhile. It certainly did not disappoint either. The ambiance is very authentic and mellow that seriously sets the mood when you eat. The place is a hidden gem among the crazy traffic that goes on Camelback and crazy parking with Oreganos restaurant filling up the spots aside. The food was amazing and this is my first time trying ramen from a restaurant. I had the gyoza as an appetizer and hakata ramen as my main plate. Both live up to the rave of this place and definitely will have me back soon enough. It's odd but both the Italian and the Japanese food is fantastic! They know noodles! If you r in the mood for Italian the salmon with spinach noodles is excellent! The beef Udon is delicious! The takana veggies are spicy and yummy! Also excellent is the dragon roll! They have a fun non-alcoholic drink menu good for the whole family!  even into the entryway! I was shocked to find as many mixed-cuisine items as I did. Seems as if interesting or authentic items were pushed aside in favor of more ""American-friendly"" options. Not only was the sushi mediocre  they're great for a quick lunch hr. They have a lot of different food options to choose from if you don't like fish."  and it's the first time ever I heard a waiter ask me to get a menu myself from the basket by the door."  not too fatty and addicting. Also enjoyed the katsu curry and it's really authentic."  but please do yourself a favor and don't have any expectations on the service (as otherwise you can be really disappointed). Their ramen is as good as what you will get across the ocean. But my favorite noodle is 'champon' which has seafood and veggies in a lighter broth (comparing to cha-su ramen). Despite it is a noodle cafe they have decent sushi too. And if you are here for lunch their lunch box is really filling and offers a variety of meat  go for lunch. The price matches the quality during that time." We had dinner tonight and tried several dishes . Their menu is huge . We were seated promptly we ride their sushi . The rice was a little hard. We ordered tempura. The vegetables were cut too thin and ended up overcooked.  The pad that had no flavor and the meat was way overcooked.  The ya kissable noodles had too much meat was  overcooked. We were seated by the door and had to tolerate the heat coming in.  but I do not think we'd go back again due to poor service." One of our friends tried to go with no reservations and they waited over 1 hour"  and the hot pots are perfectly seasoned and textured. At One meal we ordered the entire appetizer menu. We were impressed with every dish. Check and see if they have their special raspberry tort on the dessert menu." Absolutely delicious!!!!   Food was amazing.  Sake was great and the waiter was pretty prompt with everything.  It was small but very nice and comfy.   Definitely will return  would certainly go again" I went to this little gem for sushi. It was so delicious. I moved from SD to AZ and have been looking for a GOOD sushi place in the desert. I thought I was out of luck until I found this place. Happy hour has great prices. The ambience is so cute! I will definitely be back again! It is well worth my 30 minute drive there.  it turned out he wasn't our server. The server we did have was very polite and helpful. There were 4 of us there for lunch. Three of us got our food at the same time and the 4th person got her food as we were finishing our lunches. Not sure why the bento box took sooo long to make. I really enjoyed my Thai beef salad and would definitely return to have that giant salad again! Great flavor!"   the most recent time I've came here the service I received was absolutely horrid! What's even worst is I was so happy to show my friends this place I loved to eat at. The waiter we had was a tall white male with a naploenian dynamite blonde hair. He was so rude A great place for ramen.  The broth is very good.  The noodles are cooked perfectly.  I give it four stars only because I have yet to try other dishes.  As far as ramen goes five stars. Loved this place. Going back for sure. !!!! Nice and relaxing atmosphere. And lots of good food  but skipping the ramen noodles next time. The prices seemed reasonable for the quality and quantity of the food."  though neither of us was brave enough to order it." We will return to try other menu offerings soon!"  they offer an airy chocolate ganache cake that can't even be described I ordered the tan tan men and it was way too spicy - I can usually handle these things!! My waiter was really nice about it and brought me a bowl of miso broth to cool things down. I've had tan tan men in other ramen shops and they've all been really good I definitely recommend this restaurant.  Sometimes the wait will be long Delicious ramen the noodles are cooked perfect and the broth is very flavorful. We got seated right away and the service was great and very reasonably priced. If you want some tasty ramen this is the spot for you. "I have been here numerous times and each time I have had fantastic service and yummy food! I generally opt to go for lunch because I can order a roll as well as their tempura bowl at a reasonable cost since it falls during their Happy Hour. I usually end up spending around $17 which for a meal of sushi isn't too bad compared to some chic trendy places that can charge $15 for a roll and then another $15 for an entree. I tend to like to eat a little of everything so whoever goes with me is always more then willing to order a roll for themselves and we share half and half. It definitely fulfills my craving for some sushi! I have always liked the location The food are just OK. Ramen soup can be hotter... After 5-10mins it's actually kind of cold already. They need to hire more people because the place is busy & they only have 2 person as for reception & a server. It took 20-25mins for me to pay for my food. My favorite restaurant in Phoenix. The menu offers so many choices. For a tiny kitchen it is amazing the variety of dishes t b at come out. Service is great and the staff is consistent.  but I'll update this when I know. The atmosphere is very cozy- they really made the best of the space which I think was a fast food joint originally. Make time for the happy hour on weekdays for great deals. (Fun fact- they've won three Best of Phoenix awards)"  and it's terrific! Their regular menu as well as their happy hour menu is full of value and the taste is top notch. We will be repeat customers for as long as they're open." My husband is a recent immigrant from Japan and he was hoping to find a place where he could get a taste of home to satisfy his cravings. At least as far as ramen goes Im a server and i do not recommend this guy. Had him as a server twice and its been the same ol shit" "I'm so glad that Arizona has a ramen house. I was thinking about Japan and the idea to search ramen house came to mind. I'm so glad this was fairly close to where I live. I recommend coming here if you love Asian soups or noodle dishes I would skip the fusion and go for a real live Asian or Italian restaurant and skip this hybrid that should have been whacked by the family."  sushi is blah. The best thing they have is the pork katsudon. Definitely the best katsudon I've had. But everything else is mediocre. Service is always good. This place is always busy." Takata ramen is very good! Only place for good ramen in AZ. Service wasn't great though. "Very nice Japanese fusion. They serve Italian  dish too. I ordered the usual dishes  the different selections in noodles is spectacular! Not to mention the staff are super friendly! I come in at least once a month if not more. Make it a must eat place in central Phoenix!"  but with success has come some disappointments. The loud and rushed atmosphere has lead to less than spectacular service. The cooks also appear to get rushed and their dishes suffer. Take over the space next door and grow into the space that you deserve Cherry Blossom We ordered the calamari salad (yummy) and the sushi. We will be coming back for more!! I want to try other dishes as their specialty are noodles. And dessert!!"  reasonable prices and an extensive menu of various cuisines and noodles."  but I had their sushi which was fresh and on point. I also had cha shu ramen which was outstanding. Then finished up with the green tea red bean cake. Again outstanding not only will I be back I think this will be our last time eating at Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe while in Phoenix :("  then I hope it's from this place. Absolutely love their Cha-Shu Ramen. I've been coming to this place for quite some time and they never disappoint. Best place in town if you're looking for some Ramen or something else great to eat." Okay seriously I have to say this is my most favorite restaurant ever. EVER! Everything is perfect. The prices are amazing for what you get and the food is amazing. We had the Nigiri assortment and beef soup. Tempura shrimp as appetizer. It's my second time here and love this place. The service is awesome and the ambiance is my favorite part. Love love love this place. Definitely my favorite of all!!! One of my favorite restaurants. Yesterday was my first time eating authentic ramen and it was delicious! They also have wonderful sushi. I also tried their Chilled Spinach with Sesame Soy Sauce. Loved it.  Monday - Friday. An 8 piece California Roll was only $2!!! Beer is $3 and Wine is $4. I found it interesting that they serve Italian dishes as well so I asked my server where that came from. He said that in Japan Everything is made fresh and to order.  Best to go at slower times of the day so you don't have to wait for a table."  I wanted to try something different last night. I ended up ordering the chap chae appetizer which are these potato noodles and vegetables and that dish was delicious!! I loved it. And for my meal I don't think I'll be back...maybe for the dessert counter. I saw some other treats I wouldn't mind grabbing to go." The tantan men soup was spicy and delicious! My friend and I split the huge portion and an order of the Alaska rolls = also very good!  the service was really bad. The waiter had cleaned the table but there were about 5 other waiters/waitresses who would be able to assist me to sit me down. It wasn't busy. So I don't understand why it took so long. It took 10 mins to get my menus. And while I looked around for someone to ask for drinks no one walked towards the table they would just walk by. I also waited for the bill to be brought to me but I ended up having to walk up to the counter to pay because I waited so long."  when my cousin didn't finish her food the waiter thought she didn't like it so he gave us a slice of their strawberry shortcake and it was amazing! I definitely recommend this place One of my favorite restaurants in town. Love their sushi especially during happy hour. They're ramen is really good and I can say that proudly being a resident from Japan a while back ago. They also have Italian food which seems weird but I assure you it's really good. Those Mexican cooks can do it all lol!  tables were still full so I sat at the bar. I was seated quickly and had my order in front of me in less than 20 mins. Which was shocking due to the crowd. I ordered the curry chicken Katsu. It was DELICIOUS. Perfect curry flavor. My waiter was attentive but he did seem a bit annoyed by his manager or maybe it was just typical kitchen drama. Since I was sitting at the bar "The wait staff was rude. ""Only speaking on the lady that helped me"". I asked her about any specials  or what was popular & she just gave me the lunch & dinner menu's. She didn't offer me water or a drink  while waiting on my order I placed to go. I had the Ramon noodles with pork & the California roll lunch special. It was really good! And I definitely want to go back to try other menu options for sure! If the staff was more pleasant I would've giving them 5 stars." Amazing beef soup. Everything tastes great. Best thing I discovered was milky pepsi!! This little joint has an interesting combo of Asian and Italian food. The seafood noodle dish was amazing and they have really excellent flavored sake. Cant wait to try more of their menu :) I LOVE THE RAMEN!  I have yet to had better ramen anywhere else. Service is hit or miss.. But food is so good makes up for it every time. First time here & definitely will be the last. Ordered two different type of ramen both were horrendous. The staffs were unfriendly and gave off weird vibes. "Definitely coming back! We were seated quickly with a smile. Our waitress took our drink order before leaving us Spicy Korean Beef was tasty. I had a work lunch at this place and the group liked the food. Service was ok and it got pretty busy around 12:30. I'd go back if I'm in the area again.  soba with tempura and a couple of rolls.  All were very good.  The soba stood out as ""I must come back for this!""  I think the only miss was that the waitress didn't check in on us to see if we would have liked another drink before happy hour ended.  Parking can be kind of tight so I'd get here early if you can."  and well priced. The staff are friendly and the environment is quirky and eclectic. Take out is good as well!" "The Vegas roll and Philly rolls are both great. My friends thought their food was decent. We'd like to try it again but the server was bored. The four of us got there when they opened and we were greeted and seated immediately. After that we had to hunt down a server. For drinks "This is one of favorite authentic Japanese restaurants! I eat here at least twice a month and I absolutely love it! The atmosphere is cozy I ordered the Tan Tan noodles with vegetables. Not as spicy as the menu made it seem. The broth wasn't amazing & one of the guy waiters was rude & went out for like 3 smoke breaks the woke time we were there. The Koren BBQ was soooooo good! Kinda odd they sell italian and asian food. Id go back for the k bbq noodles.  believe us. You can tell it's also authentic as the people running the restaurant are actually Japanese (most Japanese restaurants in the valley are some kind of American/Japanese fusion which isn't authentic at all). Anyway I LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOOVE this restaurant! Me and my boyfriend decided to try something new for our anniversary so we found this place and have been frequenting here ever since. The service is always great the staff is friendly and the Sushi is the best in town!!! I'm not to into the noodle dishes personally but everything else is delicious! Definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves good food! I really liked this place. It has a mixture of noodle dishes and other Asian foods. The sukiyaki was excellent. Our party also tried ramen. I will come back again when I'm in town. "I came in for lunch - when I asked the waitress about a whether something was different between the lunch and dinner menus - she snatched our menus out of our hands and said ""forget it you don't know what you want get out.""?!  Maybe the food is fine but obvious problems with the service."  I guess the tl;dr is to eat at Cherryblossom at night and not during lunch time." Really good food in a non-chain cafe. Very reasonable prices and great variety on the menu. Went here with family from coastal areas and they were impressed with the seafood. Cozy and inviting environment.  and we found ourselves repeating ""oh I want to try that next time I come!"" Therefore  I got to sit at the bar which was totally awesome. The food is good. I got the beef iron cast and the curry beef udon. Both were delicious and came in big bowls. The only down side was the appetizer and how they put in our food. When I ordered  eating a lot of ramen in NY and N Cali so my expectations are very high. But I have to say that the ramen (and food in general) at Cherry Blossom is very good. Came in early and took advantage of happy hour for draft beer and appetizers ...gyoza and a caterpillar roll. Had their ramen which was pretty good. I spiced it up with some hot sauce and really increased the intensity. Phoenix suffers from a lack of good Asian good in general  and always delicious. This evening Josh was our server and he made it a 5 star experience. Josh was very friendly For the service. Cannot believe the male server is still there. I was astonished by his terrible service before and this time I was not disappointed. But by another server. Indifference and impatience are the words to describe them. The server neither explained the menu nor gave me any suggestion directly. I had to ask her several times for suggestion but did not get results." The only thing is to keep be mindful if you are waiting to get a seat don't disappear. They will move on to the next person if they can't find you." Always delicious.  The other night I had their mountain vegetables soup with tofu noodles.  It was delicious.  Also had Nasu-miso appetizer: eggplant and peppers with a sweetish miso sauce.  Really really good. Love this place! I eat here religiously since I work nearby and I love the Korean spicy beef.! It's amazing and always tastes great. Place is kind of small but I usually don't dine in and order take out. Definitely recommend if you love noodles We came here Christmas Eve with a whole passel of diet restrictions and Cherry Blossom came through with the best Pad Thai I've ever eaten.  Rice noodles and vegetables with seafood were also excellent.  Eat here. "The beef udon suki is the best here and it's my to go dish every time I come here. I live in chandler but will drive all the way here just to eat this dish. The broth is so flavorful and every time you take a bite of the beef  which was fabulous by the way! I will not be returning any time soon to Noodle Cafe We probably expected too much after seeing so many crowds. Would try them again... maybe something from the Korean side of the menu?" "I was a bit skeptical about this place. Coming from Korea town in California it's hard to find a really good noodle place. However this noodle place is like no other. They serve Italian dishes as well. It's like an Asian Italian fusion restaurant. Pretty weird I suggest trying some of the other offerings at the restaurant. I think the mixed reviews for the restaurant has to do with the mixed quality in the dishes. Hopefully the restaurant will revamp some of their dishes so we all leave happy. :)"  I love the sushi and the ramen especially! The place is very affordable as well. The staff is friendly for the most part but they do get quite busy. When it's busy sometimes the server won't check on the table for a significant amount of time. Food-wise this place is a must but they should strive to have better service." "This place is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix! I love the cute quaint atmosphere and their delicious food! Their tantan-men Ramen is the best! It's a little bit spicy The service was very good and staff very warm. I loved being greeted with a big bouquet of fresh flowers upon entry. I will be back and bring a friend!" And Daniel is lucky I didn't chew his dumbass out for the way he talked to me. And he's even luckier I won't be going back."  ordered the hot Thai beef salad OMG what a load of yummy goodness. Prices are just right  and I've just never found anything I went crazy for.  My favorite thing is probably the Gyozas.  My dude likes the noodle soups a lot though!  I used to have issues with the service They had some yummy desserts as well. Overall it was a good visit and I'm looking forward to going there again." Definitely a must visit if you're looking for good food at a good price Very delicious place to eat. But did hate that we had to wait forever to be seated while people behind us got seated before us. Then server that we had she was amazing. Food very delious I loved the sushi! But their RAMEN - unbeatable.  By far the best in the Phoenix metropolitan area." Don't forget to go next door and treat yourself to SNOH for dessert! It's the best thing ever... Literally ever." Parking sucks. Food is good if u have right server. Waiting time to get to a table is long and waiting time to get to food is long. I loved food but stop going there. Very small restaurant not good for a group Now we order take out which still takes a while to get. Our last visit  humble eatery with delicious food and a friendly staff. If you live near Phenoix  Cherryblossom delivers when it comes to good o noodle dishes. They even serve pasta which I've ever tried. The ambiance is cozy and cute and service is quick for sure I HIGHLY recommend that you add this cafe to your list of places to eat. Come with an empty stomach  I saw her neglect multiple people upfront who were waiting to put their names on a wait list since she thought it was better to let the area get so crowded waiters couldn't get through. She eventually started a list but didn't put for names of the people who she said she would remember that were already waiting. As you would suspect Cherry blossom is one of the best kept secrets in Arizona and can't go wrong no matter what you get." I am not happy with the customer service at all. The food is mediocre and not worth coming back!" Not recommended by this Asian."  that the waitstaff was very attentive and got our food fairly quickly   I can't give a fair assessment on this restaurant because I had eaten prior to meeting friends at this restaurant.  If I am ever at Phoenix again  udon to chicken Parmesan and Italian favorites. Had the ramen and several rolls of sushi and all was delicious with fantastic service--Italian next time!"  only had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. Unlike those others who reviewed about bad customer service It's a busy place as it should be. The food is awesome and the service is pretty good too. Their hakata Ramen is my favorite soup and their sushi is basic but good. It has a very nice cozy atmosphere that people I've taken there have adored.  the ebi chili (upon waitress recommendation) and the shimeji mushroom and bay scallops pasta. The best was definitely the pasta and pan fried gyoza. Cherry blossom noodle cafe has a well deserved reputation for having amazing noodles. Our least favorite was the ebi chili. We thought that for 6 dollars the ebi chili was not as good as it should have been (especially if an employee recommended it). The sauce tasted almost like ketchup and the ebi itself was bland. The waitress did disappear for a little bit and it took longer for our pasta to come out because of a ""mix up"". Overall a good food experience (still craving the bread)."  a little something for everyone.  Cherryblossom is almost always busy.  We've often had to park on the side street in the neighborhood.  Do yourself a favor and visit soon!"  thai).  Cute and quaint atmosphere too!  But I've been there several times and the wait is always CRAZY and the time quote they give never matches the time I actually wait. I am going to try to go off hours from now on.  If you go Everything here is delicious! Pad Thai with shrimp!  Good amount of shrimp too. Great customer service! Very good food. Fist time we stopped here. The daily special was very good. Very small dining room but it's ok. The server was very nice and helpful with the menu. "I came here for some ramen and I was pleasantly surprised. I got a side of tempura with my bowl of ramen and I definitely enjoyed that! I recommend doing that if you guys go here. The place had a longer than normal wait Had a great lunch  bento box was very good our  service was also good would definitely recommend it "I love the Udon lunch special with the California rolls! Affordable and delicious! Will definitely recommend to my friends.. Also  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to family or friends!" Will definitely be back. Great job restaurant owner!" I'd still stop by if I do have a craving for Katsudon." To bad since the reviews are pretty good." "Literally my favorite Japanese spot. The waiter I always see on Sundays is great..they have a wide variety of Japanese food including Italian food (per noodles)... sushi Pretty pretty good food... From the start to end.. The complimentary bread was soft n delicious!! I enjoyed every single dish! The sushi was very fresh and I fell in love with it... I can wait to return!! This place is amazing! Really good sushi and the calamari salad is the best I've ever had. Get there by 6pm and you'll be able to enjoy it on happy hour! Amazing restaurant with great prices and atmosphere. I really enjoyed it and so did my family. Service was quick and friendly. I will return next time I am in town. I have never been less than delighted by anything I have tried here. The food is delicious and the staff is great! The food is the real deal. I'm never going back there again :/"  my son and his dad in because I had a smoothie in my hand. Pretty much ruined our entire day will never be returning and I used to love this place."  I really like the people who work here and the food is as good as I've had in japan (but without having to struggle ordering in japanese lol). I make it a point to come here every time I go to Arizona." "I've been coming here for 20 years and they never disappoint!! My favorite is the TanTanmen ramen. It's the best and I am never disappointed. Restaurants always have their off days Not very impressive from the outside but don't be fooled walk in and sit down and prepare to be mind blown I had the Korean spicy beef and the milky green tea and I even had a slice of the green tea cake everything was delicious. Even the appetizers were good freshly battered tempura veggies and meats I will be coming back for sure  I had to personally ask for a to-go box and ask for our check because we had been sitting there for awhile now. Unfortunately  but the service is average at best.  TanTan-men is hearty and delicious while the Shrimp-shooma (sp) as an app is very tasty." I crave this place! It's amazing and anything you order you'll be happy with :) The clay pot beef noodles are incredible and the spicy wonton soup are to die for!  Sushi is delicious and clean and totally worth your time!! "The items on the menu were a hit and miss it seems like from the things my table ordered - from katsu-don to their Vongole. Some of our food was good while others were subpar and bland. I ordered the Vongole and while the clams were good Very amazing meal as always the waitresses made a very amazing recommendation on the menu  and they weren't closed for the holiday so I tried something new. If you are searching for a more authentic less foodie bowl of noodles this is your spot. The Gyoza were excellent as well." "Our group decided to dine here after a friend recommended.  There were about 7 of us and we arrived during their happy hour.  So we stocked up on trying various items and we were not disappointed.  The selection is really good and all if it well prepared and tastes great.  The service was really good & fast considering the placed being packed.  This is a small location  every plate that passed in front of me looked freaking delicious. This is not an upscale place  customers shouldn't have to wait 10 min just to place beverage order. By the time a server comes to the table we are always ready to place whole order."  and parking can suck here when it is busy." AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg Have dined here  many times however getting sick of the bad service long wait for food I walked out last time after an hour wait for my meal and this time  credit card machine went down and had to run and get cash to pay... Absolutely love this place! The bread basket is a nice touch.  My husband and i always go for sushi and are never disappointed! This place was really good! I ordered the ramen and it was amazing! All of my friends loved their food and my friend is Vegan and they had plenty of options for her! My only issue was customer service seemed a bit short with us and like they just wanted us in and out. I will definitely be back for the food though!  beyond just removing meat from the dish.  They also have a decent number of Sake based adult beverages  it's just a drive for us so I can't come here as often as I like.. The parking is small so good luck in finding parking when it gets busy.." I had been to Cherryblossom a few times many years ago and enjoyed it but it was never really in my path so I hadn't gone back. Today I got the chance to go again and it was as good if not better than I remember. I have been trying to take it easy on carbs so noodles aren't generally the smartest idea. I also tend to go for Asian noodles when I'm out since I'm so picky about Italian anyplace but home. I saw on the menu that they offered low-carb tofu noodles and got it with the chicken parmesan. Also tasted some of the ramen and had some calamari. Everything was excellent including our server and it really hit the spot after going a while without any kind of pasta/noodle. I think I'll start making them a more regular stop." "Not sure if it's the food. Lately I get a stomach upset after I leave the restaurant. Food is tasty and affordable but not sure of the quality. Have had the vongole The plaza is small and its hard to find parking but it's worth it."  chicken pad Thai and Cajun shrimp with smoked mozzarella. Will be back many times!"  I am sure the owners are great because  when I go in for pick up its all good I was a bit skeptical given the Asian and Italian combo but everyone said this place was great and they weren't wrong. We got the seafood iron pot and the spicy beef noodles and both were awesome. We will definitely go back and will recommend it to others. It helps that it's next to Snoh too. Favorite spot that never let's me down. It's so damn good every single time I come here. I don't care how long the wait is - it's worth it!  customers shouldn't have to wait 10 min just to place beverage order. By the time a server comes to the table we are always ready to place whole order."  and spicy Korean beef (not very spicy at all but you can add hot sauce). The fried pork belly had an amazing glaze sauce!" This place has probably the best Ramen noodle soup you will ever have. The food is authentic and fabulous. "I grew up in Hawaii and lived in Japan for almost 10 years.  I have been around Japanese food pretty much my whole life.  Cherryblossom is def cherry Happy hour prices are more than fair and the Caterpillar and Spicy Tuna rolls are some of the best I've found. Try the all-you-can-eat deal on the weekends  I think I'll stick to Moto for happy hour and for dinner and AYCE on Saturdays." c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA  they do have a good beer lineup and their cooked japanese style food is very good.  Service has always been excellent."  for sure. but the service needs much improvment." Definitely a place to try if you love sushi like I do!"  cool off with their ice cream sushi...it's two or sometimes three different types of ice cream (it's always a surprise and they won't tell you ahead of time what type of ice cream they are using for the night) and then rolled in rice crispies...definitely yummy.  Two chopsticks up! :)" I give it two stars because I can see myself cruising to the bar for a midday beer and chowing down on some edamame The wait staff is friendly and prompt." Their non-sushi menu looked tasty as well c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA "This was one of my favorite Sushi places to date.  You have to be ""in the know"" & ask for the ""underground sushi menu"" they have this dessert thats pretty good."  but I wasn't impressed. That doesn't mean I won't try again...but I don't see myself waiting another 10 minutes while those around me are being serviced." Save your time and money and try to stay away from that Sushi JOKE Place!!!"  their sushi was just so so.  The waitress had a ""secret menu"" that she did not even inform us until we had got our order.  My co worker then proceeded to order another roll after we found out about this secret menu.  I'm not sure what is the point of the secret menu if they don't show it to you until you after you receive your food.  What's the point?" That's all I have to offer you in the way of advice and opinion on Moto. Overall it is above average when factoring in the experience and goal of the restaurant. I wouldn't call it a ""sushi experience"" As for the sushi....I now have way too many sushi restaurants to try and they are all falling over themselves for your business. Sushi has become really ""hip"" lately but there will be a fall out in this category as the economy continues to slow and people This is truthfully the best sushi place in town! when your there dont forget to ask for the secret menu..... Sashimi is always fresh. Love the beer selection which they seem to mix up often. Great happy hour pricing. Sports on the LCD tv's. I love this place. Off hours are best. Beat the rush and get great service. Check it out. I will go back for the AYCE buffet and try the sushi..."  especially the ones listed on the underground menu (the volcano roll is to die for). We always go there for every special occasion. While it's true that the service is slow on Saturdays due to their all-you-can eat sushi special Oh! And ask for their underground sushi menu to spice things up a bit." UPDATE: the underground menu is above ground now - printed and pricey! The happy hour is still worthwhile and the beer list always has decent craft options (although they still lack a consistent cider for those who enjoy it and tend towards primarily hoppy beer choices). We still love the place and as we prepared to move cross-country  you will see that this is the exact mood and tone with which the place is run." One of my absolute favorites ........ yummy!  and rolls that look like they're made by Sushi-bot 5000 that shoots Krab as excrement. The fish themselves are atrocious and taste like they've had better days. The Krab seems to be some kind of binding agent they try to hide in every space imaginable just to fill you up. The sushi rice is the only thing that was prepared correctly and it was a blessing in disguise for it to be served by bushels in each bite. The service is borderline senile and their ""AYCE rules"" are written very condescendingly. As we were near finished  they have an event coming up in a few weeks I want to check out so I will give it a second try before I decide to put a stake in it and be done with it needs some improvement but am definitely willing to give it a second chance." c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA  tried them three times. Every time the service was infuriating and the food bland. Save your money."  I won't be back. Too bad it was my only Saturday sushi lunch option (Zen 32 Moto is not very good." Recently went back here for a special beer tasting and would have to say everything was a step up from the first time I was there except for the fact that it still smelled by fish.  don't know what they need to do to get rid of that smell but it would be a bit more pleasant if they did...might even get 5 stars!  but my trips to Moto are few and far between when Vince isn't there driving his tatted-up sushi and saki slinging serving staff."  and it tasted fine with an okay presentation. The green tea is unique and refreshing. We ordered the small Moto for dessert - and that was delicious and a small was plenty for two people.  Overall  but a once in awhile venture."  but for a dinner? Sure thing." c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA  but the service was so terribly slow I feel like being served by a sloth would have been more efficient."  and it is kinda on the pricey side when considering lunch.  Most sushi places offer lunch bento boxes  but I would go back just to have them again. They use wanton's as chips and pile on the cheese and fixins. Genious!" I wish this place was closer to my house." P.S. if you ride a motorcycle they have helmet/jacket hooks inside and allow parking on the side walk as the owner is a rider."  and they haven't let me down yet.  Love this joint - 5 stars - and get the Exit Wound bowl!!" It looked like they have a good Happy hour and a cute patio so I will definitely be back to try that out. Overall Great little neighborhood joint. Spent many a night drinking wine on the adorable little patio area."  as long as you don't order the sushi. The menu items are too good to pass up to order something that is sub-par or average."  and Tootsie roll).  I had ordered the Kalifornia and Tootsie roll.  You can really tell the experience of the Sushi Chef making the rolls.  The rolls are small I like this place and even though I have moved farther from this place than other sushi restaurants I will continue to go there until I am thoroughly disappointed." "I have been here twice. Both times I had a very positive experience. I have received good service  but it was the sweet sauce coating the fried chicken pieces. It was ok but a little tad sweeter than I like. Everyone had a fun time. I knocked them down to four stars because the service was terrible. We had to flag or get our waitress every time. She never refilled drinks or come back to check on the table. We had to get her attention and sometimes she is no where to be found." "I love this place and go there like a regular. It is not a typical sushi bar. My gf hates sushi and one side of their menu is dedicated to the ""non sushi"" person. It is a very stylish upscale but not pricey place. All the waitresses are super cool and quite sexy too. I see lots of families there and the regulars really are regular..whether at the bar or table they have a great selection of imported beer. maybe I think of it as a neighborhood sushi place." If you are looking for a trendy place with a great variety of food this is the place to eat.  There is a full service bar with a creative Sushi Chef to watch. It is a small resturant with a big menu." "Ordered two basic and simple rolls and received sushi that looked rolled by a child.  Sloppy presentation and rice was super tacky to the point of staleness.  Decided not to buy any more rolls since they failed the first two tester rolls.  If you cannot make a spicy tuna roll you have no business calling yourself a sushi place.  Pad Thai sounded yummy and ordered chicken added to the dish.  We were going to forgive the rolls since we can be a little snooty about sushi Not sure I would return."  because their sushi isn't very good and so it's overpriced if you go during regular times." great location and good service..food is good...but I am not a huge sushi lover so there you go  it was a pleasant lunch with pleasant service.  A few tweaks to the food would help bump it up in my book."  drinks are always good and there is a quality beer selection." The patrons seemed to be mostly in their 20s and 30s.  I think that's a good sign.  I'm giving Moto three stars because of their lack of substitution options and their high prices for sushi.  Their rice bowls seem like a good deal  try their ice cream rolls!  My little picky sister who doesn't eat fish loves this place and she will actually eat sushi here.  Try the ""volcano roll"" its very tasty.  Their salads "I was very surprised with the prices. This place is good and the sushi is cheap. The waitress we had gave us what she called the underground sushi menu. These are creative and all sounded good but we had the April roll. Tempura shrimp. real crab If you've recently been on a date to Olive Garden or Red Lobster.  You will think this place is amazing.  Then again When I need a sushi fix for lunch I'll be returning to Moto." "I gave Moto a few tries because it was the closest sushi place to where I was living (would get it for take out).  Each time I was mildly disappointed....sushi is medicore "One of my girlfriends comes here a lot on Sunday's with her husband. So  when she and I decided to grab dinner I suggested her usual sushi joint. It was my first time and was pretty busy for a Saturday night. Service was quick and efficient and I like their variety of beers they had on tap. I got the Vegas roll I definitely recommend Moto for anyone looking for a great casual sushi place that offers really great sushi It must be the combination of the sushi and the customers but I just didn't feel like I was in the right place for a great Japanese dinner. It almost felt like it was a restaurant that just happened to serve sushi but everything else about the place doesn't match. It just felt....off. It may be worth going back just to see what else is on their clever c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA  but the Vegas roll was still good. Fry anything and it works. The tootsie was our favorite and the spicy yellowtail our least. We couldn't finish our order and didn't order anything else. Our server said she felt bad for charging us both the ayce price when we only ordered one plate  3 orders of sushi and a small asian nacho and it came to $24. One big improvement over last time was the service was much faster. This place is good for dinner and the AYCE Sushi on Saturdays 8Bnw9_J2G3nZW1nkZwK9gA  I agree that this place seems like a great concept but falls down a little in its execution." Thank you for making no rice sushi rolls for me while I was on my diet!" do yourself a favor go to happy hour and get the dessert role." "This place is decent. The prices are alright and the menu has a lot more than just sushi. The service has kind of depended on the time of day I have gone. The lunch service has always been pretty good i was looking forward to trying moto for quite some time. but upon arrival for an 8pm dinner we sat down to be very rushed. the sever was very rude. but once receiving 4 different sushi rolls i had to tune out the annoying staff rushing people out the door because it was delicious! i would have loved to stay and try more but the waitress said the kitchen was closed and reminded us once more they close at 9pm. awesome food and prices... not so friendly service and hours. *I have no idea if this is still the same site anymore. I am not responsible for where the link leads.. now.. or in the future"  beer selection is great and being harassed by the owner makes every visit complete.  Vince  the 5th star is reserved for having one of the best desserts in town  this would be a happy hour goto for sure."  the bartender was more attentive to us than our server $25 for two at lunch."  seemed fresh. Nice staff."  try to do the take-out service if possible. It's the only way not to be disappointed. Eat in at your own risk. I don't drink so I can't speak for their alcohol  good lawd I was in heaven. I ate so much that I arrived looking ""skinny"" and I left looking as if I was expecting a baby sometime in the very near future lol. Sad case yes. Our waitress was extremely nice but a little overworked since it appeared as if she was working the entire restaurant solo. So if you are hankering for some sushi  just a touch of ranch and white rice that goes perfect. I will be back again. Just shows you that you should always give a place a second chance." "This is a local hotspot.  I've been going here for years and the employees say hello to you when you walk in.  Happy hour sushi M-F 3-6:15  just ask for it...it has some really great rolls listed. The hardest part is going to be choosing just a few...you're gonna want all of them. Most recently I enjoyed the Sasquatch Roll." Excellent service and food.  It was my first time eating Shashimi.  They served the tuna in the shape of a rose.  The friend I was with is an experienced sushi eater.  He thought it was very good.  Happy hour prices were good.  Half price rolls. i have not been here in a while but when i did go the food was rather good not too expensive at all i would return to this location  and I didn't think that was all that great - it sounds better on the menu than it actually is. You won't be disappointed here."  half of selected sushi rolls and two bucks of beer.  Good appetizers as well.  Saturdays they have all you can eat sushi for 18 bucks from 11-2:30...not sure if i will do that  kirin beers that you find at every sushi place but had a small number of american microbrew beers also.  They have a Saturday lunchtime all you can eat deal for $19 that can't be beat. The only reason I am not giving it 4 or 5 stars is the service wasn't very attentive and the regular prices are a little high."  we had 4 rolls and they were all good size and all tasted great!  Our waitress was very friendly and made sure we were always hydrated!  I am for sure gonna come back here!" We live by MOTO so we are kinda stuck when it comes to sushi establishments. The sushi blows. You can tell it isn't fresh fish and never taste super. The Mojo & beers are the only good things. I don't really trust a sushi place that hides the sushi makers in the kitchen...stuff probably looks like week old shit which it is. I am not saying you should mention the word underground to your server but I am not saying you shouldn't either  the curtains are cool and the beer selection included some micro brews. Not bad at all."  however the service was timely and on point. I would recommend this place to anyone that comes to Phoenix for sushi. Prices are not bad either  and healthy! Now go have some Sushi;)" What can I say? It's sushi and I love it. The Senorita roll is one of my favorites! Place isn't big and gets packed pretty quickly. You can't go wrong with any of their sushi selections there. Also can't count the number of time I have called in for a chicken teriyaki to go "We got take out from here during a spring break trip. Noodles "Just left this place after ordering sushi and waiting 1hr20min and left hungry. Food never came with Slow Hand Jack at the sushi bar...tho orders put in after ours were filled. We were given a table meant for 2 and squeezed our threesome in. And to top it off "I loveee happy hour at this place. Good beers and the happy hour sushi/appetizers menu is awesome! Brought a friend here who did not like sushi  and here they make a good one and it's 1/2 off during happy hour. I keep meaning to come for the all you can eat sushi! Try the Ice Cream sushi roll And if you're anything like me.. you will walk through the door and think ""HELLO MOTO!"""  but our rolls came out pretty quick. Everything was fresh and overall service was good. I would give it another chance."  the end pieces had the parts you don't eat so there were only like four pieces.  Overall it was okay and one of the only sushi places by my office (now that I work nearby) so I'll probably be back.  I'm open to recommendations...but I've definitely been to plentyyyy of better sushi spots.  Ohhh and the parking lot is a nightmare -- whether you're trying to run into Subway or Moto this shopping center is sheer chaos during lunch especially."  Moto offers all levels of spice.  Just be careful what you ask for.  If you know what I mean.  The name of the menu item will say it all."  sometimes can get busy but it's good to have places like this in the neighborhood (plus it's not a chain - bonus)." "We usually go here for their Sunday happy hour. The sushi is good and I've had their bbq pork noodles which have a lot of flavor  delightful and considerate. They were busy for lunch and it took a while to get our rolls. The food was tasty and just enough to fill our tummies." "Surprised that I loved this place.  Haven't been a big sushi fan in the past  but I almost always order dessert here. It looks like a sushi roll. You get rice krispy treats  just decent and this time it wasn't even that. Might be a while before we give it another chance." I would probably give it a 3.5 if I could." "This was my first restaurant in Phoenix. I was taken here for a lunch prior to an interview I had. I was pretty nervous about the whole situation so I don't remember too many details  management is mia. No idea how this place stays open."  3 to 6:15 Monday through Friday and all day Sunday. Also sit at the bar  me saying their creative sushi rolls are too expensive says a lot. If I want to pay $13 for a roll  the food is good - but the service is just so ridiculously bad..." PS - the portion sizes of some dishes (like yakisoba) are HUGE - two people could easily be satisfied by one entree here Must try the nachos and great happy hour!!!" "One of my favorite places in Phoenix. Best craft brews  we drive 55 miles to eat these bad boys! Hint: order the large size and don't share because seriously even if your full you can still eat more! My mouth is watering now for Papa Trans Riblets! Ok gotta go !" But considering that I lost my dinner after I got home The quality of service and product has also gone down. Sigh." Regular customers.  Like the food but went in tonight while it was busy and got horrible service- from the owner no less!  It's on thing to be busy but to be blown off like we were was very disappointing.  We probably wont go back.  Definitely won't recommend. c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA  this was a perfect choice for something that warmed me up and boy it sure did! I am curious about the Classified bowl which is rated a 6 fire on the hot scale  very relaxed but also fast and helpful in deciding what to order (I'm very conservative regarding spice and sushi)  Super clean  but she was nice and they were busy...so I will give her that :)" This place rocks.... Love going here and the owner is fantastic.  The staff is always friendly and remembers who we are.  Their Moto Chicken Salad is awesome and so are the rice bowls. The food is pretty horrible too. I CAN say the Asian chicken salad is pretty good but the rice bowls and sushi are all not good."  the server brought my wife and I a shot (I had both because she was driving) because she noticed my 5 year old kinda being a hand full and thought we could use it to unwind! How awesome is THAT? All in all  none of this matters because I got food poisoning. I'm guessing from the chicken because no one else in my party got ill and I was the only one who ordered chicken. Worst 48 hours of my life. I'll never return."  what bothered me was the fact that no manager or lead came to the table to apologize or at least buy me a beer.  There are three people at my table cleaning up ice and water I'll definitely be coming back here again on another Saturday when I don't plan on hiking so that I can actually partake in the All You Can Eat!" "Had very low expectations given some of the reviews read but despite busy lunch crowd  which incidentally were 1/2 price because happy hour on Sundays is 11am-6:15pm. She said they were excellent. Not one of our go-to places Vince the owner is fantastic and always here to ensure great service. (As is his fianc Janet) great people. Support local business! "Stopped in here for lunch one day and wasn't pleased with the experience. The rolls were warm and fell apart. The service was fair at best and the place wasn't even very busy. Not that Phoenix is known for it's Sushi Ordered a specialty roll that was $14 dollars called the mayflower and it didn't live up to my expectations. It had more cucumber then tuna and forgot the cream cheese and avocado. It should have been called the cucumber roll with a slab of tuna on top. The following day my friend and I became violently ill with food poisoning!  I will never go anywhere near MOTO again after this experience. Awesome inexpensive happy hour. The food is tasty - not just sushi. Great place to just hang out for awhile.  but it was worth it and the orders after were very quick. I also want to note that they serve a delicious grapefruit-flavored beer called Pink Killer  Cyndi thought she needed to add 20% gratuity to our bill so she didn't have to really work for a tip. Just an awful place." I mentioned to the owner once that I thought someone made a mistake with my sauce. It was too hot for me to finish my dish.  I told him I thought he should check that batch of sauce. I had eaten it other times with no problems. He giggled and told me a wild story about his plans to add an ""exit-wound level of spiciness to the menu. So hot it burns twice!""  I wished he had taken me seriously. BTW the ""exit-wound bowl"" is now on the menu.... see what I mean about his sense of humor?" I will say it is much harder to get parking since Sprouts moved into the area but that's the only downside."  this is probably the best bang for your buck HH around. Who doesn't appreciate cheap and delicious food? Obviously  Moto. We'll be back." I love MOTO. I Crave their Curry Soup. It is amazing. And their Moto Chicken Salad has been a favorite of mine since back in their Shogun Express days. I am so glad I found it again. I've taken out the large and it fed my daughter and I for 2 days. I try to hit MOTO whenever I am even close to that part of town!!! Owners need to consider taking this off the menu.  Would have sent it back but a co-worker went on a lunch run and picked this up for me to go.  Gross  love it! Happy hour is the bomb! Definitely recommend the Asian nachos and the sweet potato fries." Not the best sushi in the world but the happy hour prices can't be beat." I'll go here if someone else wants to and just deal  and there are a wide variety of choices. Miso soup is also quite nice as are the gyoza dumplings. This small (ish) place was hopping on a Friday night and we were happy to have reservations for our party of eight. We arrived about a half-hour early prepared to have a drink from the bar and wait for our 6:30 reservation. The hostess was not happy about this. I'm not sure why since we spent plenty of money at the bar AND we sat outside in the late afternoon summer heat. But her displeasure continued when she sat us as well. If the first person you meet in a restaurant is not friendly and welcoming Its our second time here and they messed up our order both times and the service is horrible.  I enjoy eating here and will continue to frequent Moto." "First don't tell me I can't sit in the booth when no one is in the restaurant. Service was horrible  I was charged the full $5.00 for Karen's lone 22oz Sapporo. B)There was a 20% gratuity included in the bill.(I don't know if it was policy or the server was feeling especially generous with my money):strike three. I did not raise the issue with the check because we didn't really miss the two bucks though Karen might have liked to have had the sake also Most of the other members of my group didn't like the food much either. My advice is that there are too many other places near Moto for good sushi and pho to risk trying this place." Sushi was average & choices extremely limited. Drinks watered down. Atmosphere and decor are tops  but what do you expect from a sushi place. Just know your boy and girl signs for the bathroom so you don't make the same mistake my boyfriend did "Go there for lunch often and I'm treated like Norm at Cheers. Love they remember my name. The servers and sushi chefs ( especially Ivan) can cut and roll some sushi! They have an underground menu you can pick from or just tell Ivan what you want in your roll ( custom)! I order the ""Sasquatch"" roll and I'm thoroughly satisfied. The noodles and any of the bowls there rival any sushi place around. They change out their beers weekly so you can enjoy many local brews. Try the ""stoner"" bowl and enjoy the spicy chicken/ ranch/ rice mix. Great for a hangover. It's local  I'd definitely go back for those nachos and to try something else on the menu." I love this place. Happy hour is 50% off selected items but those are delicious. Try the Asian Nachos. They have a good happy hour on Sundays. Sushi is pretty good but I didn't like the nachos.  and the vibe inside as well. All the sashimi and rolls have been wonderful.  Thank you!  Highly suggest visiting!"  we asked for the bill to cancel our order.  She talked us into staying and we did because of our loyalty to this place.  Eventually the food came with a hair in the sushi that we tried to ignore.  After receiving and paying the full price for our food North central Phoenix also lacks some good bars but Moto's definitely stands out if you're looking to get some drinks as well. Definitely recommend it." Hana has better Sushi/Japanese and is very near by on 7th ave."  we'll be skipping the sushi."  this is a great starter place for the non-adventurous types that fein at being adventurous. There is nothing weird on the menu and almost all of it tastes like chicken!"  had the audacity to tell me it was my fault because she didn't hear me say it the second time I had to call back in because my order was wrong.  The 3rd time I went in after I realized I was going to get sick  we walk out with a $15+tip bill and full bellies.. The food is great. I get the same thing almost every time I go in. The nachos are TO DIE FOR! I would also suggest the tootsie roll and gyoza (crispy). When I'm with my dad (and he is paying! :P) we order the Moto Chicken Salad-- so great! I eat here at least 2 times a month if not more. The waitresses are always friendly. Today we were in a hurry but really wanted happy hour sushi so they let us call our order in ahead (as you have to dine in for happy hour prices). We made it there in about 10 minutes and they had a table set up for us complete with waters and all of our food ready to eat! It absolutely made our day."  crunchy noodles and tasteless broth.... Look else where for Pho!!!"  Moto sports a rockin beer lineup which is almost unheard of in a sushi joint-they have happy hour every day of the week! The sushi was good "I love this place. The food is always delicious. I came for lunch today and had Pho which was as good as any Vietnamese place I've gone to. I don't know my waitresses name but she was adorable "The single most disgusting sushi experience I've ever had. Asian nachos were burned and tasteless  like too fast. I like the wings but too little for what they charge. Don't order pho either unless you never had Vietnamese noodles before then it probably tastes ok. But to everyone else that has We took a vote after we left and decided to add this place into our rotation." love love moto fresh fish cool atmosphere must try this hip mod place.  The noodles are out of this world and the sushi is the best in this part of town. Be prepared for a long wait this place is popular.  and the rice bowls are awesome. They also added the Pho soup which is excellent!"  especially for a place that isn't exclusively sushi.  My only gripe is their light beer selection is limited to Bud Light - everything else is IPA or Asian beer.  what's better than a Coors Light with Asian food?!  Nothing." The portions on the main dishes are pretty big. It was average joint. Nothing to get super excited about but it won't disappoint."  we liked the food and will definitely consider them for future eats."  I was craving the chicken salad. Got back to work to eat a limp cabbage tasteless chicken salad that i had to drown in extra spicy peanut dressing. What happened??? In the past this salad was amazing. I hope they stop the short cuts and not prep this salad ahead "This is my favorite cenpho sushi place. Other than Hana which is awesome. I really enjoy the spicy edamame and the jalepenko roll. I have not had anything bad though. We go once a Month or so and usually share some rolls. The people are very friendly "This place is more of a bar than a sushi restaurant. This sushi is pretty average. The quality and freshness just isn't quite there. I've been to many sushi joints in my time "You know you're in a sushi place when you walk in and it smells like a fish market... in a good way. Food was super fresh well prepared. The September roll was spicy crispy excellent. The veggie spring roll was plenty big as an appetizer I went here for lunch on Saturday for the All-you can eat sushi.  It wasn't very crowed which is to say they had available seats at the bar and tables empty.  I sat at the sushi bar and waited 15 minutes before anyone acknowledged me.  The sushi chef asked if I had been helped.  I said no.  He said someone will be right with me.  5 min later I finally get a drink.  I stopped the guy and told him to just take my order and that I wanted the all you can eat special.  The chef was busy the whole time making orders so this isn't his fault but I got my food about 15 min after ordering.  My second order took almost 20 min.   Its hard to justify an all you can eat deal when it takes so long to get food.  They really need a second chef to help with the sushi.  They weren't attentive and it was really a sub par experience at best. Good Spring rolls and my wife loves the sushi!" I liked the food! Ordered grilled salmon and a side salad. Both wear great! The ginger dressing on the salad was really good. I will come back. Service was courteous and attentive."  and do not dine here....and WHATEVER you do...dont take anyone here for dinner Love this local sushi spot. A must try in central Phoenix! They have a great selection on the menu! The fish is very fresh. You can spot me there at least once a week! +++ They never answered me. Don't waste your money on a subpar restaurant. I would have happily spent  the 30+ dollars for my meal on a quality lunch at Hana or Sushi Ko  all of which was very good.  I look forward to another opportunity to return and try other rolls on the menu.  Oh and you definetly have to try the MOJOS Stop in for happy hour  as well as the crispy gyoza served with cilantro and ponzu sauce.  My favorite roll was the Alaska roll which has smoked salmon on top with crab mix inside.  We sat at the bar and received excellent service.  They have a good selection of craft beers on tap and they will let you try samples to see which one you might prefer.  It has modern decor inside with original art on the wall  the wait staff is highly distracted and it takes a long time for them to come check on tables. Is it because they are short staffed or not really interested in customer service? I shouldn't have to wait every visit for my water glass to be refilled. Good food  hardly came to the table at all. I didn't try the spicy tuna because I'm 9.5 months pregnant but my sister couldn't even choke it down because the fish tasted bad. We had to scarf our food down because my sister had to return to work. We didn't  anticipate it taking 40 minutes for two sushi rolls and some fried dumplings. It would have been one thing if it was busy  recommendations / warnings (there is a stoner bowl and an exit wound bowl).  This is what fusion SHOULD be.  The smoked salmon sashimi is presented as a rose Service was only okay. She wasn't the friendliest and we had to wait for longer than normal each time we needed anything "I took my daughter there for her 14th birthday on 12/17 and it was the worst service I have had in a long time. The waitress brought my food first and then my daughters sushi. If she was a good waitress she should have waited to put in my order so both orders came to the table together. It was 15 minutes before the ""Birthday Girl"" received her dinner. The sad part about this whole ordeal was she ""chose"" this restaurant for her birthday dinner. We were both so upset that we wanted to leave and  not tip the waitress. Unless the owners hire or train the waitresses better I sat at the bar and the service was great (always has been good the two times I've been to Moto)." Been going here for years.  The food and service is going downhill.  Last night entrees arrived 15 minutes apart.  Manager who appeared to be about 16 said it was because they have two kitchens? Apparently they don't talk to each other. Avoid "This sushi place has been a favorite for sometime. They are decent with  prices and ambiance. The food is good "Sushi is okay but a little over priced.   Service isn't the best either.  They have had Fox News on every time I have been there  and i will keep coming back.  I hope the owner reads this and finds the comments constructive and helpful." So good! We had the April roll! Years have passed yet the service is still the worst of any restaurant I have been to in the last 5 years. The waiters pretty much ignore you once you are seated. And once they take your order? Forget about it. Refill on a drink? Forget about it. Don't like how the food tastes? Forget about it. I have only had equally bad sushi at Albertson's. Both the presentation and the flavor seriously left something to be desired. If you're even considering this place for happy hour I will never return and I will never recommend. By far the worst customer service I've received."  Vince the owner has a great flare for combining Asian influences for delicious menu. Great appetizers one of my go-to spots when I go to town. pretty much everything is very good. Yaki soba tasty but dry.  the drinks and rolls came lickety split and all was fresh and flavorful.  Leftovers were cheerfully boxed and just as tasty for the next day's lunch.  My favorite part of Moto is that the rolls are a little skinnier than most others and therefore it's easier to eat one entire piece at a time without cutting it or biting in half.  Manageable bite sized pieces.  The dessert roll is always a hit.  We'll go back."  I'm Still so OG I took a photo of the paper version! Took a friend for his first and it was awesome! Jalapenko roll and Volcano are favs. To the yelp haters (the best part is where they call you out on the menu!) Did you try it more then once? Where you pissed because it was busy? Did your handcrafted sushi take to long? Go to revolving sushi then! This place is worth a forty mile drive for a friends first time sushi! Try the Mojo's your inner fat kid will thank you! If you don't like fish why are you here? Moto on!  I'll keep coming long as I'm in state and I love breaking in sushi virgins here! Tess was amazing! If you think you can handle hot order mustard gas and tell us about it in your review!" Good customer service. Saw other reviews that they didnt like customer service. Seems they have changed that! Decent happy hour. Excellent wings....! Good sushi. Very different beer menu!  the food was pretty great. the owner was taking the time to make sure everything was good  relaxing--can be pricey but worth it. Asian nachos are the best--will be back." This place could be five stars if they fix the service and cooking (That sounded like a complement in my head).  What I mean to say is Moto has a good vibe and a great menu.  Maybe next time..." Everyplace we go we will order the California roll and tootsie roll.  The California roll tasted so fresh I was actually surprised. It was very tasty and we both loved it.  The tootsie roll was also very good. The eel aside was very sweet and tasty. I had a hard time tasting the fish in the tootsie roll but I enjoyed it nonetheless. We used the low sodium soy sauce and that was rather salty the wasabi was fresh as was the ginger.  We give it 4 fish heads out of 5" "I drive out of my way just to go here. I know a lot of people have had negative experiences but I can only speak to the one item I get The place is small but cute and clean. I'd go back since its right near my office." I've visited Moto on several occasions and will be here several more before I leave."  and her answer was ""i don't think so.  It comes in a bottle"".  We said - we only want a glass and she repeated the same thing. ( Is that as opposed to a box?)   I just ordered it anyway and low and behold it was not very good.   We then ordered our food.  My two friends ordered sushi.  They were just starting to eat when a server came by and asked for the soy sauce.  My friends asked if she was going to replace it 2 1/2 hrs for lunch really? Poor service and waitress dropped the whole tray of sake and beer on the floor beside us. Then proceeded to clean it up while we sat another 10 mins without drinks.. No manager came by to check on us or bothered to say anything at all. I will be checking this place off my list" Thank you for paying attention and cleaning the grates !! My OCD part of the review: The decor was almost there besides the hideous zebra vase. I know that this part of the review is obsessive but look at the picture! Haha I couldn't stop looking at it during dinner."  we even said good luck to the people next to us who had been waiting to get their order taken for more than 15 minutes." I've been coming here since it opened. I've made excuses for it many times because I enjoyed the convenient sushi it consistently provided. I never understood why a section of the bar always has a reserved sign just in case the owner showed up. But I kept coming even though I felt my kids were unwelcome (broken high chairs and menu instructions about keeping them from touching the blinds) because I wanted them to enjoy sushi instead of chicken nuggets. After the anniversary party I just can't take it anymore. What's with the Teen Mom wedding style zebra vases and Ikea style cafeteria tables that are so narrowly placed they scream awkward at the thought of squeezing through them?! Now an entire new serving staff dressed like a mechanics with a red handkerchief. I'm done.  sushi is great with a lot to offer on the menu. The waitresses are very friends and the service is always fantastic!"  just to be obscure.  Spring rolls were chock-full of 'filler'.  Not what we were expecting...with a $75 bill."  as it clearly states on the menu: Which is just  as funny as two-day-old sushi. If only your service was as good as your ego is big  they were impressive. I will be ordering those again! I may have a new favorite! Fantastic atmosphere and always spectacular service. It's probably one of the best places to meet for lunch or have a nice dinner. I never feel over or under dressed whether I'm going casual or dressed up for a date with the hubby. It's a comfortable "THE WORST...That's all I can say. Tried Spicy Tuna Here i was thinking Sushi which i don't eat and it turn out to be a excellent choice by her boss who was"" cool and in the know.""" PS - Try their iced green tea! So good!" Happy hour isn't bad."  including the kitchen staff. They are always having there own conversations while we sit and wait for someone to fill our drinks or take our order. I've watched our food sit in the window for several minutes with no one else willing to deliver our food while the bartender is busy(no teamwork at all). They get overwhelmed very easily and can't handle a crowd. I've overheard the owner talking about how he hates yelp which is just not something you want to hear. We will be back as it's in the neighborhood and the unlimited sushi is a great deal on Saturdays." Let's put it this way I didn't even leave tip.The only thing that was right was 2 rolls we ordered and the drink order.I've been eating sushi longer than our server has been alive.But for some reason our server felt the need to tell us that nigiri is sushi which I clearly said sushi not rolls nor sashimi.Wont be going back.  but the standout menu item is the curry soup - it's the best!  If you're looking for a great Asian fusion meal with great service at a quaint restaurant  and my daughter and I left most of the food on our plate. Server was indifferent." Absolutely love this place! The nachos are KILLER GOOD!!!!! Can't go wrong with this place! "Ordered their Pho and it was good- the flavor was amazing but it had grilled chicken which made it a bit dry.  However  blandest and over-priced sushi/sashimi I've ever had. There was a bone in my salmon sashimi. No plans to return." Amazing place!!! The most friendly place in Arizona without a doubt! Everyone is extremely nice and food is fantastic! We went here for a late lunch (around 2.30pm on black friday) which is a slow time. Only us and a few more people in the restaurant. We're big sushi fiends and the selection here was mediocre - through the quality of what they had was great. Desert mochi was scrumptious and the rolls.we tried instead of the sashimi variety were also great. Decor is a bit weird especially if you get seated in the awkward area in the back near the rest rooms."  I'm glad they still are because I love their rice bowls. They are good. I can't think of the name right now but ugh. It's so good. It burns your mouth but it's a good burn. I hope this place stays open decades and decades to come."  little did we know we got the same waitress and she had more of an attitude this time. She was rude to my sister and that is the last straw with this place. When I worked in the food industry I was nice to even those who I thought didn't deserve my kindness I've been going to Moto for years and always have a great experience.  The staff is friendly.  The food is great.  They have a good selection of fresh sushi and a ton of other items if you don't want sushi.  One of the best things is their EXCELLENT beer selection.  One night a truck hit a power line across the street and the power went out.  Our meal had just gotten done and they served us and everyone in there by candlelight.  They had great attitudes and were able to turn a negative into a beautiful night.  I highly recommend Moto! And then they have the most awesome Asian dessert - ""Mojo's""!! (ice cream sushi rolls). Be sure to save room!"  avoid this place if you have any respect for yourself."  and never pushy. I don't eat a lot of sushi but I was very satisfied with my Las Vegas roll. Rebecca did admit that it was only her second day (never would have guessed) so I'm hoping that means the owners are taking action on the previously bad service reviews. I will certainly eat there again." The owners are awful people. Look at what they wrote on the menu??? Wtf who treats customers like that?  I'll never come back  I've come here several times and enjoyed everything I tried on their menu. The happy hour is a joke Great sushi spot in Phoenix. The sushi is very well prepared and tastes delicious! Service is good and the atmosphere of the restaurant is nice and mellow. Also their beer selection is a over average and they change the beer they carry all the time making it fun to try new ones. All in all I would recommend Moto to anyone.  and I was worried I wouldn't be able to find anything good to eat because I don't like sushi. Fortunately Place was nice and clean  . Server was prompt . We tried the tuna roll and California  roll the rice was cold and dry . We also ordered  orange chicken  and teriyaki   beef. Both were very sweet.maybe a little  over cooked.  our server was fantastic! The staff is always friendly and attentive. In my experience  probably the best I've ever had...light and crispy.  Their Asian slaw is phenomenal.  Portion size is HUGE... The server "Worst customer service I've ever experienced. Food is actually decent but their lack or care and absolute disregard for the customer is unacceptable. If you wait too long for your food or to be seated they do not care nor do they apologize. If you request a substitution due to allergies etc they refuse to accommodate any requests. Even if you are willing to pay an upcharge. Additionally I ordered the surfer roll... It may have been the worst thing I have ever ordered.. I hope they read this review and change it but I won't be returning for at least 6 months to a year.."  and love the atmosphere as well as the sushi! It's a must try!"  are all great people and provide top notch service. Love the food  but will love exploring everything on the menu. Be sure to save some room for their Ice Cream sushi rolls (Mojo's) I miss there all you can eat sushi Saturdays during happy hour." the Tonia salad was amazing so much chicken it had a lite breading  just right amount of acidity for the dressing but I add a little but of the mustard gas wing sauce to mine to spice it up man so good wife and the pho noodles that was good. it  wasn't  as good as mine our sever was grate went over the menu drinks got filled all the time didn't ever need to ask for anything and I find there signs funny people need to stop taking it personal I will be back very soon"  dinner. Long been a fan of the variety of spring rolls and noodle bowls. Also like appys like the riblets and wings.  Good beer selection c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA "My family comes here at least twice a week. I moved out of town and they use to tell me when they were going out to dinner to make me jealous  I miss Moto so much. The service is awesome. The food is authentic. Every time I go to a sushi place I compare it and I never get the results I get at Moto. Honestly Three stars for inconsistency of food preparation and service for pretty regularly leaving something out of a takeout order." Ordered food for pick up during my lunch hour and they said ready in 30 min. I arrived 30 min later at and had to wait until 11:55!  They could have at least offered me a drink of water after I wasted my lunch waiting. All to receive a tiny peace of salmon in my very dissapointing salmon bowl .  this is the only roll that I would order again. Seems like the happy hour sushi is the cheap stuff. I would stick to the regular menu." This is one of the top sushi places I have been to in the entire vally. The sushi chef even says he does private parties. Take a look at the catipillar roll picture I posted! Amazing... this place has awesome sushi. get the tootsie roll or one of the spicy bowls. the staff is very friendly. "4 stars only because the only thing I dislike here is the bill. Food and service are always outstanding. When I get the Exit Wound for takeout The reason for the 4-Star review is sometimes the wait can be rather slow. Some food items seem to take much longer than others and leaves you waiting  cream cheese and avocado.. First two pieces had nothing but rice.. There was a little sliver of avocado in the last two pieces.. As someone who has served sushi at a different restaurant  they could stand to be a little bigger. But they are supported by the magical broth. I am noting that the next time I catch a cold Wouldn't seat me at a table because I was by myself... waited 5 minutes without having my drink order taken at the bar... left...  I would give 5 stars to Moto. My husband and I left dinner from one of our favorite places disgusted and mortified by the stranger in the purple polo strange and unprofessional behavior. I hope he reads this review and feels ashamed and apologizes to his hard working staff." Great beer and great good- never had any thing bad here! Service is really great too! "This is the ultimate Asian gastro pub and not a traditional sushi place. The beer menu is so outstanding I do not think there is a better one in the central corridor. The sushi is always delightful. The bowls are spicy and are a super value. The seaweed salad is super sized and very good. Miso is also good. I have never had a bad meal. The only negatives are the seating options for large groups It hits home! I liked the flavor of the pad thai and the spring roll. I thought it was really nice and flavorful. Huge servings and friendly staff. This visit is 5star rated for me.  they really ought to have some combo/sampler platters on their menu to help those who are not sushi-literate or just can't make up their minds. The menu offers other entrees for non-sushi people. For dessert  you'll get a rack of sake that'll feed your senses and get you ready for a raw fish treat.  Presentation is pretty nice "Very trendy sushi place situated in central Phoenix.  The set-up of the restaurant is nice Hit or miss.  Trendy.  Service can be slow.  I used to come here years ago but haven't been in a while because I had one too many so so dining experiences.  I think there are better places for sushi in the valley. "This was one of the few spots that I actually enjoyed in the whole city.  We went here for late night drinks and they were serving up free sushi and fried won ton.  On top of that I even think I got sick on the happy hour sushi here a while back.  I'm blaming it on the vodka tonic and not the warmed over salmon roll They have some very unique rolls that have interesting flavors... I also recommend the yellowtail citrus appetizer... it is excellent... If you go there the head sushi chef is Harold and always has something special if you ask... Last time i had some super tuna spicy something that was out of this world.  ENJOY!!!"  but its sheer size definitely identifies it as a Scottsdale restaurant.  The place is huge NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg This is a must-try for fans of sushi. Forget Ra. Forget Stingray. Come here. It's more laid back and "One of the better sushi restaurants in Phoenix.  I have had good experiences dining there  and the drinks were reasonably priced. Would go again for sure!" Most of the people giving Zen 32 4 or 5 stars haven't experienced good sushi. Then again "Really good sushi and pretty good variety of other entree choices. It's our favorite sushi place in Phoenix The Blue Burrito of Sushi..Bad sushi in a totally average environment..If you can't go to Sakana or Hiro Sushi certainly try this.. So basically you have to do the math and see if the +'s outweigh the -'s. I think they do I expect it to be shut down when I come back to town.  Good spot for something new." NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg My advice is to go here when it's not so busy and have your night out somewhere else."  I'm not paying $10 for a brownie. Just walk on over to the Gelato Spot afterwards instead. Oh  and the sushi is perfect." Great atmosphere...kinda of a chic.  Sushi was ok for Phoenix standard.  Sushi was not as fresh as other places...some of it was too fishy which is a bad sign that it's not fresh.   I'd order more of the cooked or veggie items to avoid a bad stomach ache.  There are other places that serve better sushi.  Only come here for the atmosphere. My boyfriend did eat a piece of squid for me!!!  That is my best memory of Zen 32.  I'm not sure he actually chewed or tasted it  the 32 stood for the number of minutes you wait before your server arrives. I get the style over substance restaurants. Sometimes it's about the scene and not the grub. And sometimes that's what I'm up for. And that's what Zen 32 is to me. Average sushi quality. Not as horrific as some have yelped. Words like. Crap. Horrific. Vomit. Really? Not very Zen of them It was like every roll that we ordered was drenched in a teriyaki sauce. The sushi was craptastic and the price sure as hell didn't reflect it. The service was okay my favorite sushi place in phoenix. creative and fun. the lines can be a little much.  service was ridiculously lackluster. We were seated outside with a beautiful view of the cars passing on 32nd St  but he's harder to please. I thought it was too expensive for not being fresh enough. We did however have one of the nicest waitresses ever; I believe her name was Stephanie. So the 2 stars are for appetizer and Stephanie." We were sat immediately at a booth/table and brought out waters by a busser.  While looking at the menu and drink list I noticed how dimly lit the place was and the music was some low playing repetitive Japanese flute music (better then house-trance I guess). One of the oriental dressed waitresses approached our table and gave us each a small cold cucumber salad and took our drink order.  A few minutes later she approached to see if we had questions or wanted to order a main dish.  We told her just sushi tonight and she leans in and picks up the menu we filled out and says  go to Zen 32 for the ambiance. Not the food or drinks. Perhaps bring friends you dislike and watch them eat?" This place is a hip Camelback quarter place. Not too trendy like the here today gone tomorrow Scottsdale variety. The place has been there for a long time and serves consistently good sushi. Worth a try if you are in the area  will I go back to Zen 32 again.  Yes.  Is it my first choice? Not quite."  the food is good and reasonably priced...but something is missing from this place for me to give it 5 stars...there happy hour is OK...but I feel it is about time the Owner Lenny maybe did a bit of remodeling to give it the WOW again. Otherwise one of the better sushi bars to go to in the valley!!!" I'm probably not the best judge here.  I really enjoy the bar.  It's small and easy to talk with people.  The food is average...but I like the place overall.  needless to say my girlfriend and I were lucky we have two bathrooms at our house."  selection and sushi are tried-and-true. And that's all that matters to me. Mmmm."  or Old Town Scottsdale's Kyoto.  I definitely am not a fan of Ra." I'll be back today to pick up my shirt  not for me). But it's so far from Japanese food/sushi as to make them guilty of false advertising. See my Stingray review for a similar take on the food experience. If you FAIL rice Happy hour prices are reasonable so check'em out when you have time and enjoy the atmosphere."  go here.  u won't b paying 4 what the sushi is worth." "UGH. I ate here for my last night after spending my whole summer in Phoenix/Scottsdale and it was perhaps the worst decision (and my least favorite place I ate at over the entire summer)! I was thoroughly bummed with my dining experience after hearing constantly how Zen 32 was supposedly ""the hip"" place. I was completely unimpressed with the hostesses and the service (which was slow oooo I forgot about that little cucumber salad too...yumm!"  the saki bombs are quite bomb =)" "Went to Zen for lunch today with a friend....waited at the hostess station for a server to seat us....no one came....finally the chef said we could sit anywhere...we sat down...waited ten minutes for a server to come to our table to just even bring us water and menus...never happened...we got up and left without ever seeing anyone. They only had about 10 customers on the patio and NO ONE inside but us....this was sad....we saw servers walking in and out and a few even made eye contact with us  so it was basicly just average teryaki fare..nothing super special. with such mixed reviews on here..i'm not surprised my experiance was nothing super special."  keeping the dishes clear and my drink full as well as giving some very yummy suggestions! My only complaint is that the menu tells you what is included with a roll but doesnt specify whether its on the inside or the outside of it. The atmosphere and decor was dark and secretive  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the fish and types of rolls available. Presentation was great as well. I would definitely return for a meal here."  their open late. This is defiantly one of the best  Sushi Restaurant I've found here in Phoenix.   Needless to say This place is more about the scene than the sushi.  I just don't think that the sushi is anything to write home about.  which was a standout along with a tootsie roll and a couple of others. The happy hour prices are very good though the rolls on the happy hour menu are pretty basic. Would definitely go there again." NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg  but the service gave it that extra boost." Next time...we are going to meet somewhere in Tempe for sushi happy hour." One of my top restaurants!" I know I won't be back for the sushi." This is a good place for happy hour with a date or friends."  the service was nice but you might want to bring your own sushi if you're going to eat here..."  they have fresh chopped wasabi available on request and a great selection of cold Sake. Hentai isn't back but Anime replaced the video effects. I'm happy to go to Zen 32 again."  funny server.  I have nothing to fault the place with.  I'll keep going - No plans to go there again"  but they seem a bit pretentious for the overall quality of food. Zen 32 (to me) is a casual restaurant at heart. Beneath the neon color-changing pillars and pan-flute ""Cherry Blossom Serenity"" soundtrack NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg "This is kind of a funny sushi place. Not too sure the owner knows the difference between chinese and japanese decor/outfits but the food is decent. Good environment. A little small (if I remember right) inside but the outside dining is ok (if it's not a billion degrees outside in AZ). The sushi is about as good as most places here in AZ  I am pretty sure I will be back for more (but maybe sitting inside next time)."  without rice. The salmon and tuna low-carb rolls are my favorites. The atmosphere is nice. They have a great bar and patio. They also have a reverse happy hour from 10-midnight. Zen is also open later than many other places in the Valley on weeknights. Dine in or take out." Another time had to split bill with friend who came along and waiter mixed up bills so had to figure it out by giving him extra cash."  and in another six months I'll move up to 5 stars."  but I think the prices are just to high.  I just think they should crank it up a notch with the service if they're gonna be so pricey."  and steamed veggies. And the seaweed salad is enough to feed two peeps. A filling meal for not much dough."  even though we took forever to order!  I will be back for dinner again!  But I can't say how soon My biggest complaint was the smell of the restaurant. It smelled like a mix of disinfectant and cheap cologne. It was really strong and made me a little sick to my stomach..." I have eaten here several times only because it it right around the corner from my house. The sushi was good the first time we ate there and has been down hill ever since. It tasted like the prepackaged sushi you find at the store and the rolls are so small. We ordered a philly roll and a california roll and all you can taste was the cream cheese and cucumber. Totally disappointed. I walked away from Zen 32 and I won't be back."  ended up going over to Hava Java and Gelato Spot had a better time there. Not really the best place for a large group since twice had issues with service when we had 15 people both times. Had made reservations as well and still messed up our checks and forgot my friend`s sashimi!"  but its just not good. There's no other way to say it. We've gone multiple times always hoping to like it but its just not fresh or that good. Don't get me wrong - its not BAD  and a roll and a half each? Roughly forty dollars. If you like sushi My new favorite sushi place in the valley."  ambiance is not so bad.  This is another place that the pretty people go to.  When I think of great sushi I'm looking for an authenic family run restaurant with some flair.  Still I keep coming back here every so often The atmosphere is dim and intimate. They also have a patio (with heat lamps). Overall  this place apparently has a great happy hour and serves sushi until midnight which is great when you're craving late night sush. Would I go back and eat here again? I would...but only if I really had to."  just not the total package :("  is outstanding and the servers very friendly and attentive. They make the best Chocolate Martini in the state using Godiva to finish it off. One other reviewer mentioned ""pretty people"" and I agree  but don't expect a top notch experience being that it's near the Biltmore."  but I wish that they would box up their awesome cucumber salad (sunomono?) that they offer complimentary when you dine-in. I also ordered nigiri  and the service was friendly and prompt. I'm absolutely looking forward to coming back!"  offer crayons. Our unicorn drawings would've been much better had we had more colors than our blue pen." We'll keep going and going.... and going!" "My fave sushi spot in Phoenix. Nice atmosphere Also check out Gelato Spot - which is across the street - for dessert. YUM."  the drinks are good and if you can get over the fact that the waiters have Chinese dress at a Japanese restaurant then its not too bad. Oh yeah they're the only place that's open late." I might look elsewhere for finding sushi downtown. Nakama is still by far my favorite place."  two rolls and a couple of trips to the buffet table...I was stuffed and my budget was not shattered.  Thank you Kara  for being the first to make me tired of sushi. A friend bought me this meal and I still regret it. It's that bad."  and I bring almost everyone I know to this place." Lenny is the king of schlock food!"  you had a great fifteen years!" Seeking an investor and keeping the well established business open seems like a better alternative in my eye. Giving up doesn't seem fit.  the Zen Punch made me feel fuzzy all over and I couldn't get enough sushi and zen triangles. I am no sushi aficionado but I sure do eat it a lot and I know the crap from the scrumptious. Zen always served up some good eatin' and was a great neighborhood hang out for many years. Good bye If you want a good sushi bar go to Yasu on E.Cactus ." "Oops I had put this under wrong Shogun. Sometime's this place can be hit or miss depending on who the chef is. I really miss the one they had on Dynamite it was alt larger but this one used to be tiny they have expanded and it's nice. Mainly we go there because we usually know atleast one person that still works there and their roll portions to me seem larger than most other places. You must order their specialty called the Surfer when I started going there ages ago it was not on their menu you had to ask for it  hassle free lunch.  Thank you Shogun." AFTER A SOLID FRICKIN' HOUR we just left." -INSERT FINAL EXPLETIVE HERE-"  but nothing fancy at all.  There are much better sushi places to choose from - even in AZ!"  over competent chefs.  THEN a waiter with hair to his shoulders (not tied back) ducks behind the sushi bar to get a dish. The 2nd & 3rd times A typical stop-in is for a beer and a snack in between shopping-always makes the errands much more enjoyable...."  well before they bought out the other side and built the bar area.  The sushi bar is always the way to go as you can be in and out in 20 minutes.  They have a fun little patio for groups (when it's not 115 outside).  I'd much rather support this establishment that has been locally owned forever than head out to another cookie cutter sushi chain." r7Ge8_c5Y2TXthb4CSjzaA  but certainly not an upper tier establishment." Food doesn't have to be perfect  cavernous sport-bar/pool hall sort of feel.  Basically no redeeming features here."  some are off base - this is my perspective from over more than a few years of being a semi-regular dinner."  we realized that we lost track of time and had to get tot a birthday party in less than 25 minutes. The chef canceled the last roll and put a rush on our bill. We were able to get out in less than 5 minutes. The staff was friendly Just sit in the bar... they take care of you there!" I can only speak for the food - not the sushi-  the shogun chicken with noodles and the shogun salad are the signature dishes and I LOVE THEM!  Consistently yummy for years. - nothing like it anywhere else.  Don't let the sushi haters scare you away from the regular menu - everything I've had has been great!  Ps never had a problem with service either. "Wow!  This is a great restaurant for sushi.  The staff was nice and the food was great.  There's a pretty lively atmosphere.  It's a bit on the pricey side but then again  almost like eating dessert.  I'm really surprised how reviewers have not picked up on this great little sushi bar inside a Japanese restaurant.  What is also amazing is that it is maybe 0.2 mi away from a terribly overpriced trendy sushi only place that I found had terrible service and sushi that was not nearly as good as Shogun!  Nice job!" Have not made it to Shogun in a really long time. This time Monday right after the lunch rush and before they closed before dinner I was really surprised! The chef behind the counter Sergio totally recognized us right away it was comforting to know after going somewhere for 10 yrs falling on tough times and not being able to afford it for 2 yrs that you are still remembered. My tip is to sit at the sushi bar and no where else of course that's if there's an empty seat and you can. Each chef makes the rolls different I suggest you go with the OG chefs that know how to get it done.  and great happy hour specials."  ""Surfer Roll"" ""Sunshine Roll"" ""Sunset"" ""Caterpillar Roll"". My favorite hand rolls would be the ""Soft Shell Crab Hand Roll"" ""Spicy Tuna Hand Roll"" ""Spicy Wahoo Roll"". My favorite sashimi would be the yellowtail sashimi with orange roe "I have been going to Shogun for over 10 years. Some of my favorites are the sunshine roll "I'm giving this two stars only because our server was great.  We went for happy hour and perhaps that was the problem...the spicy tuna roll wasn't spicy and tasted like they made it yesterday.  The tuna tataki didn't taste fresh and was rather bland.  We tried the inferno roll r7Ge8_c5Y2TXthb4CSjzaA  this is one of my go to spots when I have a deep need for some Chicken Katsu. I have had this dish at other restaurants and none come close to Shoguns."  not oily at all. This place is like home for us. My kids consider it their favorite stop.The tempura is crisp and flavorful- no worry of dirty over used fryer oil. I don't need to be seen at trendy places- I just want consistent meals that I have grown to love. It is perfect for girls lunch out and the bar side is fun with all the upbeat 80's music. I used to go to the bar when it was a separate establishment called Paradise Lounge. I probably have been here over 100 times. I have been in a Chef in AZ for 25 years and I know good quality ingredients when I taste them. This is the place."  with a smattering of sushi rolls....it is what it is....a great value for Japanese food."  you have to ask for it. They won't offer it. There was another item that you had to request as well. I say BooOOOooooOOOOOOooo!!!  The only thing that might be worth it is the Sake. I didn't have any but a lot of the patrons had Sake on their tables and they all seemed to be on a good one.." They have a great happy hour too - it allows you to try a variety of sushi at 1/2 price.  Def try the Godzilla tails.  Too much fun!"  he goes to the back to get her she goes to the sushi bar and this other lady comes over to us. she said well what do you want to do? get your food and go or just go? she was incredibly rude but we ended up getting the rolls about 15 minutes later and she says ""hey thanks guys"". WHAT?! She was the WORST manager i have ever seen deal with a bad situation  but had a decent amount of people there.  Nice for a girls' night out and near the office.  As the rating says Service isnt too bad and most times we have been seated quickly." Best time to go: HAPPY HOUR. You can get godzilla tails for 5$ also the sushi is half off. The beer and sake are next to nothing. GO!!!!!!" We sat at the bar on a Saturday afternoon for lunch.  Probably 10 people in the place.  We were there for a half an hour with our roll card filled out and the chef never even looked at it.  We walked out and never ate.  I don't care how good the food is Our waitress was good as well. Kept drinks full and very nice. Had a great time and can't wait to introduce friends to this place!"  but I've always loved what I've had here. The Chicken Katsu is also very good.  I hope the good service we experienced indicates a wholesale change and was not just an anomaly.  But after being this close to calling it quits on this place entirely (and I've been eating here for 15+ years) You could easily live very happily on just these three dishes" Great sushi and the service has been excellent! Can't wait to go back!  so read the menu carefully.  The sashimi is good although a bit uninspired.  The presentation is not as pretty as other restaurants  and we eat whatever he puts in front of us. He has never ceased to amaze us. Shogun rocks! Try the surfer roll if you're hungry; you won't be disappointed!"  and my husband and I recently decided to give their Happy Hour a try.  We parked the car There are a ton of great sushi spots in this area so Shogun really needs to step it up to be in line with their competition. (Thank God for Yasu's!)"  and nice presentation.  The patio outback is nice and romantic too." They definitely take their sushi seriously.  Thats a good thing...cause so do I!  See you soon!"  but their sushi is good.  Their lunch specials are a steal and the waiter staff is nice and assertive.  I'd also like to note that their regular rice and teriyaki (or other prepared meat) bowls are huge  a total of 2 nigiri orders and 4 rolls...... IT WAS $100 DOLLARS.... I HAVE NO PROBLEM SPENDING EVEN TWICE THAT MUCH. BUT FOR A CRAP VERSION OF STRIP MALL SUSHI??? NO WAY... THIS PLACE JUST BLOWS... NOT A JAPANESE GUY EXISTS WITHIN TWO BLOCKS OF THIS PLACE...THE CLOSEST JAPANESE GUY IS TWO BLOCKS AWAY AT YASU. HELL  they encourage you to sign up for their email list and then when you inquire about the emailed advertisements they won't honor them. Happy hour menu has only 3 sushi rolls "I would have given them one star except the manager the next day handled our situation perfectly!  I ordered a sushi roll (along with my husband) and our children ordered a meal.  I am a little picky since I only like ""soy paper"".  Since I know that people sometimes don't read the paper - we specifically told the waitress ""soy paper"" and pointed it out.  When all the food came; seaweed it was.  We sent it back r7Ge8_c5Y2TXthb4CSjzaA  but I did not sample that. I think there must be better Japanese places to eat. The place is often crowded - so I believe many patrons just don't know what good Japanese food should taste like! And the owners probably don't care about the poor quality as long as they get tourists who show up and pay their bill." Take our tip... forget sitting in the dining room.  Sit at the bar Shogun might be ruined for me. Me and my friend got sick after the Surfer Roll. Ugh. Haven't had sushi since. :-( Everyone had a different dinner combination and sushi. The Surfer Roll wasn't too bad. You definitely do get a lot of food. Between the dinners and a few roll orders the table was covered in plates."  the Wahoo sashimi and the Sunset roll are two of my absolute favorites.  I have been stopping by for years and it is consistently good.  I have a lot of friends that are fans of the Godzilla tails too.  Oh   but was well worth the wait. The turkey salad was wonderful. Get the big size and share with someone. The california rolls with soy paper were melt in your mouth wonderful. Will be back for sure for the same order!"  especially the godzilla tails. My roommate loves their steak appetizer. And I am a huge fan of their sushi. My favorites include the shogun roll and the surfer roll. I have never eaten any of the normal non-sushi entrees Throw in some sake bombers and a good time was had by all." I reallllly hope they get their act together. I love eating here but really can not take one more bad service from them." I love this place after years and years of going. I always get the turkey salad and am never disappointed. Service is quick and efficient. Atmosphere is nice too.  the food is great and is one of my favorite places to get sushi.  Highly recommend their Godzilla Tails and the Chimichanga rolls are great!" The food is great and the staff is excellent as well.  Highly recommended." I have been coming to Shogun for 8+ years and will continue to do so One of the best sushi places in town and worth going just to try the godzilla tails which are fantastic!  .. Paco and Sergio the chefs have been there for ever.. Bar side happy hour is not bad to.. ( upgrade all your TV's to flat screens  this is 2012 after all) LOL" "Food is great and sushi well priced for what you get as compared to other local sushi places. Service is decent hence the 4 stars. Otherwise Been going here for more than 20 years and have found it to be consistently reliable. Whether at the sushi bar or at a table we've never left disappointed. I miss the candy sushi though. "My wife and I were visiting from Southern CA and had a hankering for sushi. If you appreciate fine sushi your emails are either scams or have never worked....get it together or stop sending them out. I'll end with its worth a try:)" Hands down best sushi bar in the valley. The service is always amazing plus its a great spot for happy hour too! My husband and I recently had dinner at Shoguns and really enjoyed our experience.  I always order the Signature Salad and Tempura my husband likes the Tuna Sashimi. The wait staff was very attentive and had the tuna prepared exactly the way my husband likes it. Shogun has the best sushi in town.  Try the surfer roll or the valentine~ they're my favorite.  Also the tempura is fantastic! For the best entree~ shogun shrimp! It's sooo good!! If you have room the tempura apples are the bomb!  no specials but one roll and the sushi was equivalent to a buffet style sushi at a cheap oriental place. Just to get the taste out of our mouths and get our sushi fix we went to Stingray in Old town Scottsdale and the quality  very good!  I'm planning on working my way through their sushi menu asap. The staff is always very attentive and friendly. Highly suggest!"  and while their sushi is typically very good their rolls are more than you can eat in one bite and tend to fall apart  that it might be good. The staff messed up our order and then when we got the missing roll  but I have many other favorite.  Sometimes the service is inconsistent "Great happy hour. We always get Godzilla Tails with a side of rice and a yellowtail roll. This is one of our go-to spots when we know exactly what we want. The sushi is good  not to mention funny. He was on top of everything so we were never left waiting. Great time and we will definitely be back!" This is my favorite sushi restaurant. Always go here when I'm in town. Service is great too! "I love this place one of my favorites to go for lunch and to take folks from out of town.  They have freshest seafood every time.  Serjo is the best Best in Phoenix -- hands down - kept secret off the beaten path.. Puts others to shame .. ALL GOOD .. My most favorite Sushi Restraunt ever!  The freshest sushi in the valley! I was glad that the small amount of sushi I had with lunch was as tasty and fresh as ever-I will definitely be back for more!" That will be our last visit." Best in Phoenix -- hands down - kept secret off the beaten path.. Puts others to shame .. ALL GOOD .. oGR0GPIbYOitJaa-VsvaFQ Restaurant is very family friendly and also nice for a quiet dinner for 2"  their udon dish that they used to have in a broth was no longer on the menu.  Our server barely spoke english so we had a language barrier and she kept insisting we order their udon dish that was stir fried.  Instead I ordered their garlic chicken dish with rice.  The chicken was OLD and you could tell it had been flash fried quite a few times.  It was rough and wouldn't even tear apart when I was trying to cut the chicken into smaller pieces.  I couldn't even finish my dish.  The husband had these pork cutlets that he said was way too sweet and extremely dry.  He nice service and food...recommend happy hour and lounch "Favorite Restaurant of all times. My family has been eating at Shogun for 27 years. Back then they were the only Japanese restaurant in Phx. We have tried a lot of them as they would open and we have left kicking ourselves in the ass for wasting our money and being disappointed. we are a family of 7 and we all have our favorites. chicken Katsu for me Shogun chicken for my pops Great Sushi the best i have ever had. I have tried a lot of places in many different cities and this is the best. Everything from their regular roles of spicy tuna or yellow tail to their off menu's specialties like the nitro roll or OMG(OH MY GOD) roll. I live 45 minutes away and go here every week and can't get enough. Great Sushi and Godzilla tails.  Everything we ordered was perfect and the service was impeccable. Will definitely be back soon.  enjoyed it all.  Highly recommend the Spicy Yellowtail Roll - Yum!" Once the guys showed up and we ordered the food came out and I was kind of underwhelmed.  None of it was bad but it was all pretty average.  The only thing memorable were the Panko Breaded Onion Rings which were fantastic.  Honestly I would go just for those babies.  As for the sushi I may try a different roll and see if that made a difference and I would definitely hope for a server who's a little more attentive."  the sushi and sashimi items that were ordered were fresh  and a chicken sandwich that is to die for.  As long as I stick with what I know I'm fine (though there are some inconsistencies.)  The place needs to be remodeled Very nice sushi bar and restaurant. Service is unusually good for the valley and the Shumi is to die for. The sushi is passable nothing outstanding. Location is kinda weird but once inside the atmosphere is great. The service can be hit or miss and some of the prices are a smidge high The yellow tail & tuna hand rolls were loaded and very tasty; we'll return!"  best we've had since moving to the area.  We won't go back when restaurants aren't 100% up front about what they add on the bill." Happy hour menu is limited but dirt cheap."  probably due to the $0.25 draft beers on Monday night's. The sushi counter was kinda awkard with high panels." One of the better sushi places around. Always good food and the lunch specials are cheap. The shogun chicken is really good. service was not very good they barely speak english and wouldn't split our checks"  nothing too special but it was good."  but the bar has a real neighborhood feel."  and definitely check out happy hour for some great deals on drinks. A bit pricey "I signed up on yelp just do dog this place!! Literally writing this review as I'm dining. This is my second time here. First experience was just as bad. I live a block away and I love sushi but the service here sucks!! Can't do it again. Save yourself the headache and your money. Must have been a handful of people dining and it took 15 min to get a server. Skunky domestic beers....seriously born on date was October. Ordered tuna sashimi.....fish was cut like steak and smelled like shit. So mad right now. U like sushi? Honestly drive to 16th St and glendale  friendly staff and the best value for your money!  Ten stars!"  but Monday nights are definitely a winner with us."  back to the roll. The chimichanga was flavorful and fresh with just the right amount of fish & rice. Perfection. I returned with my husband last week for a couple rolls on happy hour.. Way wah waaahh. No such luck! There was only a California and some other lackluster option Sunomono Salad done right. Fresh tea. We love to nibble on either the veggie tempura or ""Godzilla Tails"" before our meal. Crunchy Roll is my brothers favorite" "This is one of our favorite places to go!  The food is amazing and so is the service.  We went with a group of 11 people tonight at the tepid table and everyone loved their food.  In addition r7Ge8_c5Y2TXthb4CSjzaA  and the very skilled sushi chef Paco.  These folks really know how to take care of their patrons. They have a beautiful patio with a fireplace also. I highly recommend giving Shogun a try  but something was missing from it.  We had the Philly roll and Cali roll. Def not the best I've ever had. And the Edamame had a weird smell/taste to it. Like it had been either sitting around or over cooked. Pretty sure I won't be going back. Oh We tried a bit of everything when we went. I had Shogun Chicken and Chicken Katsu. Both were AMAZING. I love this place because they have a very FULL menu. Not only sushi. Also the Godzilla Tails are killer. Theyre tiny pieces of buffalo chicken. Delicious. Seriously awesome food."  go on on monday night for 25 cent Blue Moons!" "Food is a solid 3.  Service is all over the place...sometimes awesome...occasionally slow.  Management is the only reason I didn't rate a 3.   Have seen too much un customer friendly behavior on that end.   If in the area Sushi and food are average at best. Wait staff is terrible. Had to wait 20 minutes to get my credit card back. Our server was nowhere in sight. None of the other employees could even find him. I will NEVER go there again.  nobody able to clean the bar so we could be seated.  Watched 4 people seat themselves at the area and clean their own table.  I got up at least 6 times asking when we could be seated - never got seated.  Informed the clueless excuse of a hostess that she was an idiot and left without eating.  Thanks for the great birthday experience!  Whoever was the hostess on March 30th at 5:30 PM needs to be fired."  you've lost us as a customer." "My husband and I have been coming here for almost 20 years.  We have eaten all over the US and have never found a better sushi restaurant than this one.  They have a great variety of sushi That's it. We're out. Scratching Shogun off the list." Can you give a Negative Star?"  the sashemi rocked.  The down side-we had to wait over 30 minutes for the food and they had a 5% sushi tax." Me and my son have been coming here for about 4 years. It is literally one of the best sushi places in the valley. We usually come either Sunday's or Saturdays mostly Sunday's but the sushi chef Andy is super nice. He makes us our own sushi rolls. This is a amazing sushi place and refer it to everyone. It deserves more then 5 stars. Great place for late happy hour drinks and food 5-7 pm. Loved the Saaki Bomb and the atmosphere that is fun but equally private and easy going.  especially the cucumber salad you get before your entree. The service was decent. There were times that it took a while for our waitress to get back to us. It it was a Friday night and they were busy. We have been going there for years and we will go back again. Dinner for 2 was just under $40.00 with tip."  I always get the surfer roll...I have to be honest though....I was a bit annoyed last night when I placed a carry out order. The shrimp were dry and chewy "My fianc and I love this place. We went on a late dinner date and were super impressed. Our hopes were set very high since we came by way of referral and our expectations were exceeded! Our favorite was the Big Johnson. My referral told me to ask for it X-Rated  meanwhile it took an hour and a half for our sushi. The other parts of the meal came out within 25 min or so. We then asked for our sushi to be comped because they then later forgot to bring us a roll. They then proceeded to only comp our miso soup and cucumber salad. We saved a whopping 14 dollars.... I have been going there with my family for a long time and I have never seen customer service this bad in my lifetime."  waitress was nice . We  ordered miso soups and a couple of rolls. The miso soup was great but the rolls were terrible . I'm not sure if it was just that batch but the rice was slimy and fell apart as soon as it was moved. I wouldn't risk my $65 trying them again . Too bad I was really hoping for a better experience." Amazing sushi here and what I love about this place is they will customize your rolls to what you like. Alex was a phenomenal chef. I'm thinking this is going to be our new favorite spot everything has been so delicious!!! "I went here with a couple of friends and my brother and we were not disappointed. My brother isn't one for eating sushi "I have eaten weekly at shogun's for the past several years. In the past several months the food and service has continued to decline. After tonight always good no problems all the way around meals are large portions sushi is fresh.  I have been there approx ten times  so they could have the opportunity to make it right.  She disappeared.  Our waters were never refilled.  (we were there 90 minutes)  We were pretty disappointed...we waited for 20 minutes to be asked how our food was or to get check.  She was gone...So we walked to the front to get our check...The worst service and food ever!!!  Save your money and go ANYWHERE ELSE!  Oh  it was too soft and gummy inside and it was just fried...? I've been going here for a few years and it's good but lately I've been kinda bored of the menu." "This place is horrible. The bartender tonight (Jesse I believe) didn't even greet us. She was preoccupied by cleaning and getting out of the restaurant before 10pm. I had to ask for specials and happy hour. She didn't suggest anything   ordered food never received and it seems like we were not the only ones who noticed how terrible the service was!!! Def not going back."  and an hour later (when the confirmation text said our food would be delivered) we got a phone call that our delivery was canceled because the delivery service was too busy. I don't know if it was really Shogun or Grubhub The ONLY place I will eat sushi in this whole city. Have Andy make your rolls I'd he is behind the counter! I think it is pretty darn good.   Love the tempura and love the sushi! But the apple dessert is to die for! I give it four starts because I was in a group and it took one of my friends 10 min after we got our food for her to get the Crunchy Roll. However I was so surprised - I don't eat Japense food regularly but my brother suggested it and I'm so glad he did!!! It was AMAZING!!! From the service to the fantastic food it was hands down one of the best lunches I've had in a while. The portions were huge!!! Such a great value!! Also the complimentary green tea with my entree was SO GOOD!!! Cooked fish inside a sushi roll???" They charged us a 15% fee for take out. We didn't ask for delivery we picked it up ourselves. We always tip even on take out... Im not coming back for this reason. I like to go take out and the fee is silly. During our meal we heard what I suppose was one of the owners discussing new ideas for the decor....I was tempted to ask what happened. My advice would be to leave a good thing alone....the prices are outrageous and unjustified. I am sure there are better places in the area and I will certainly be looking for them on my next visit. Stay away." Really good Sushi and Happy Hour. You won't be disappointed. We also like sitting at the Sushi Bar and interacting with the Chef's who also school us on other kind of sushi. "This used to be my favorite place for sushi. Didn't mind paying a little more here.  I've been a regular here for over 15 years.  But the last few times have been sub par.  I think the place needs some tlc Service was less than professional.  came twice in one week with family form out of town. our order was wrong twice.  server just didn't care. "My new favorite sushi/japanese food joint! I've had both the sushi and the food here and I always leave feeling satisfied! The wait staff is very nice and go out of their way to make guests feel welcome. Servings are big  it's supposedly been in use in the kitchens for over 30 years and from a homemade recipe. A little pricey but has daily specials and very cheap appetizers and sushi rolls. Their Japanese beer and sake are also delicious. I'm getting hungry writing this! It's a smaller restaurant which can get crowded but the noise level isn't too bad  I was there with my family and we had a good time with great service and food. We always tend to sit in the bar for happy hour and this time Annalise was serving us. She did a great job on waiting on us and kept checking on us to make sure everything was tasting good. As many times as we've been here we've never had someone with this great of an attitude and she always kept a smile. Glad to see the service is improving. Will be coming back!" 