 they blushingly knocked quite a few dollars off the price--then presented my jewelry uncleaned and covered with blue felt. And did not send me away with a box or even a  felt jewelry bag Mr. Marks is terrific to works with. Awesome offerings. We were so happy that he was willing to melt down old scrap gold and jewelry for us (including a few gold teeth) to form the jewelry as we wanted to minimize our impact on gold mining.  We came away with an amazing product for a really really reasonable price and couldn't be happier.  I would highly recommend these guys for any project.  They are artists of the highest caliber and really listen to the customer." I couldn't have been happier with my experience at Paul Michael Design. I highly recommend coming here I just recently heard about him through Facebook when someone shared the USS Enterprise ring!!  It looks absolutely amazing.  I have subsequently talked about Paul Michael Design incessantly to any who will listen.  I look forward to working with him in the near future...to commission my own jewelry!! So glad I found this shop and got to know Paul personally. Everything he does is so cool and so fun. Cheri and I are kind of geeky love the sci-fi stuff we have purchased from Paul. She gets compliments ALL the time. The jewelry is well made - even the backs and insides are perfectly polished. Our first purchase was online and it was very assuring that Paul answered all our questions and updated us on the progress as the piece was made. Considering how busy Paul is that meant a lot.  and have been perfectly satisfied each time.   From re-sizing an intricate wedding wand to the re-design of an engagement ring setting.   Paul's extreme attention to detail and creativity are what sets him apart.  Additionally  I will continue to come to him for my next custom designed masterpieces." I've always had a good experience working with Paul and his team. They've helped me select gifts for special occasions and provide full service for everything they sell. Paul has also gone out of his way to fix pieces I've purchased from other jewelers. Highly recommend these guys!  we so appreciate Paul's approach and attention to detail from conception to completion. He can truly design and make anything you could imagine. A true artist that we are so glad to have met and worked with.  Hopefully next he'll be working on an engagement ring for me!! Lol. Shhhh :)"  and service of this business is absolutely unparalleled!  I am never disappointed in Paul's awesome and unique designs.  Keep up the great work!" VJG4T5gCHqav9Y96upKgUw "Beautiful custom work of anything you can dream of. Great Studio and wonderful staff to make your ""I wish I had that"" dream come true. I know several people who have his designs and Everyone is totally satisfied with his work. Well worth the time to talk to Paul about your ideas."  trustworthy group.  They will give you a beer or glass of wine while you design your engagement ring."  extremely well made and sturdy. I have got so many compliments on it. It also has a square shaped bottom so it doesn't slide around my finger like regular rings(which is a bonus). Ron's also very friendly and honest with his pricing "Ron McNeish is a genius of jewelry design. He is also an honest man. It's for these two reasons my husband and I chose Ron to create my new wedding ring. Greg and I have been married for 19 years  and the ring needed to be sized down from a 7 to a 3 and 3 4. I was a bit worried that such a large reduction would alter the shape and or design of the ring. However it all worked out beautifully. Karen and everyone else in the shop were all very kind and provided lots of information. The job took less than two hours and the price was very reasonable. I am hoping to return there to have our wedding rings made."  but speed isn't worth it if the final product is damaged."  but the writing was still crooked when I came back. By this time I didn't want to deal with it anymore and just took the ring as it was "Fantastic service! I needed to get my engagement ring sized down and saw the great reviews The Collection had and decided to give them a call. I had my ring resized in a matter of about an hour. It came back nicely cleaned and polished and finally fits! Kerry was so nice and professional and I felt like I could trust them. Love it Everyone was great! We were looking for affordable wedding bands and the team at the collection (and especially Kerry) worked with us to get the perfect rings. Recommend very very highly!! Stanis an absolute pleasure to work with for all my jewelry needs and he is reasonable. Everyone is friendly which is a big plus. If you need a watch battery changed you can get something to eat or pick up some food or a prescription."  he wants your continued business and proves that ever time you are in the shop. He will work with you to find exactly what you are looking for." "I recently took my Movado in for a new water resistant battery change.  Most jewelers told me it would take at least a week to return and it only took a few days here.  In addition This is now in the ""places named after me"" list for the quest. (more details in the list - Michaels unite!)" The proprietor was exceedingly polite and I'll be returning before the holidays to get something for Mom." I made my way across town to Michael's Jewelers right in downtown Phx.   Although had to pay for parking it's situated in a high traffic area with many business types.  I respect an establishment that gives a warm welcome and caters to their customers.  Got exactly what I wanted and I will go back again.  they are very low pressure. This is an ideal location to stop in for a cleaning or repair... then you can check out all of their pretty merch! Cannot recommend this jewelry store enough!" I trust Yelp reviews with my life and Yelp did not fail me. I took my watch here for repair after I busted it over Christmas. (I have a procrastination issue.) I left my watch for a quote on Friday and got it back on Monday. Fortunately it was an easy repair so no parts had to be ordered. Only $10! (Your results may vary.) I'm so happy and wish I hadn't waited so long to take my watch in. "Called to make sure they could change my watch battery. Was told to ""come on in"". I get there and there is no parking and I'm expected to leave my watch for a few hours. Really? There was NOTHING going on inside. Friendly...yea but my watch still doesn't work. This is why the mall gets all the business." If anything they are worth a visit on your list of stores to check out and if you can't find anything you like  Do not trust them with your jewelry even for seemingly simple jobs."  only to go back THREE times to have it 'fixed'.  The owner's version of fixing it was to 'glue' the parts together.  On the third visit I told him to replace the whole band--I had only worn the watch on three different occasions I still have no Idea what to say. What a complete waste of time. I have absolutely no idea how this place is still in business." Check the shop out for yourself and make note that he only accepts cash"  the watch seems to be keeping time. I'm a happy man!"  it occurred to me that I should have yelped it first! So after reading the more recent reviews for the establishment under new management (the 1st review is no longer valid - it was for the previous management; I'm waiting for yelp to take it down) He's cash only and not open on weekends." Do not pay attention to the first reviewer. Same name then but different owner."  he told us something about a Rolex watch my husband bought a LONG time ago that needs to get repaired. We had checked with another ""jeweler"" and they said our watch was fake. My husband was totally pissed.  This watch guru  the band fell apart. I fooled with it for a good hour trying to put it back together and finally gave in to finding someone to repair it. I had no idea where to go Replacement band - installed: 10$" Exactly what I needed to get my watches back online. Service was while I waited and prices were more than fair Took a bunch of watches here today to get repaired and new batteries. The owner gave me excellent service for a great price. I left very happy and will be back again!  friendly.. what more can you ask for? Definitely will recommend for anyone looking for watch repair or just a simple battery change." k6C5YiGHU_aT8oXSkGb0Pg He is the only person I will have service my timepieces from now on. He is extremely knowledgable."  and before I could even finish he was done with the clasp on my Rolex. There was no charge on the Rolex. Really? It's my favorite watch; I would have paid anything. This guy is fast One other quick note. The whole ""desperate people selling gold and ONLY dealing in cash"" made me think that this guy's operation of watch repair may be a front for his other dealings. Not saying I care  Eddie wouldn't even accept payment for this."  well at least you and I both live in the area!  Thank you for restoring my trust in jewelry repair/dealers!"  and set my watch to the proper time. And the best part - he only charged me $5! I offered him $10 for being so thorough and for staying open last his posted hours but he wouldn't accept it. Don't let the pawn shop style sketchness fool you - this is one hole-in-the-wall worth visiting."  and fast. The watch repair man educated me on my watch and how I should care for it in the future. I am glad that I travelled the extra distance to this store. Overall EXCELLENT transaction!"  affordable and one of the best at what he does! I truly recommend him for jewelry and watch repair. He is also funny "Yelp should remove the old reviews (2009) because this is now under new management. Brought my watches here to have some batteries replaced and links removed. The guy behind the counter only charged me $5 each. So inexpensive! He also gave me some advice to have the battery replaced every 3 years. It only took about 5 minutes Before you go: have cash.  He takes cash only!" Excellent service and reasonable prices.  The staff is very friendly and personable.  I love finding smaller stores that do it right!  They could teach bigger stores a thing or two.  I would highly recommend this business!  and gave me good tips about my watch. This place is the perfect ""local"" watch repair location I was hoping for!"  only $10 and ever took the time to polish and shine them up. Took less than 20 minutes. Remember "I was tempted to ship my skagen watch out for band repair. But I'm so glad I found this local shop instead! He graciously and quickly repaired my band so it was comfortable to wear again. I haven't worn it in 2 months and it was driving me crazy. I haven't found a jewelry & watch repair shop since moving here. But this is now my go-to shop! I will be back for sure. Also I will be bringing all of my future online watch purchases to this place to be sized." "Replaced my watch battery and fixed the inside of another watch for $5 a piece. Super cheap considering the ones in the mall quoted me like $25+ to replace one battery. I was so impressed at how quick & nice the gentlemen was who works there.  He even added a diamond stud that had fallen out for free Needed links removed from new watch. Did it in under 2 minutes for only $5. Outstanding. 'Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time'" AMAZING! He fixed 5 watches in 5 minutes! Owner was so sweet! Best watch repair guy a girl with tons of betsey Johnson and juicy couture watches could hope for!!!!!!  Nurel greeted me and I explained my issue. He took care of the fixing in less than 5 mins and charged me a menial $10 for the work. (Note: Silly me Very very nice. I would recommend this place to anyone. He even sells nice affordable watches."  I checked the back of my casing and there isn't even a single scratch or any way to tell he'd popped open the back and had done it so quickly." Replaced battery in my Tag watch for $5.  Done in a couple of minutes. Had battery replaced a couple years ago at the mall for $65.  Nice guy too.  it cost me $25 to get 4 watches fixed. Links taken out and batteries replaced. He was really fast and did great work."  I was a little anxious on where to go and how much it would cost!!) Very happy to have found this place It's easy to drive past this establishment. Slow down! (It's directly across the street from Nook.)" I had 8 watches that needed batteries. ....he was done in less than 10 minutes!  Great customer service and prices!  CASH ONLY! Cx9PbFydr_O3ptScw3_Iiw  my Tag had a new battery and was clickin' along. Can't ask for more." "Closed on Saturday's.  Read the Yelp reviews and headed to this shop to have a couple batteries replaced in old watches.  They are closed on Saturdays I've never been charged by any watch repair shops in LA for them to put on a band or take out a link  I needed to get my band fixed and for 5 bucks and under 5 minutes I was really happy."  etc. Some people mistook him as being rude when I didn't find him that way at all.. When I first arrived he was just finishing a job for another customer and didn't even charge him (I think it was a small job but still). I dropped off 12 watches to have batteries replaced  she thinks $5 is a rip off?  And then takes the opportunity to insult the state of AZ?  I think Miss Kitty should take her toys and attitude back to the Magic Kingdom!"  affordable and professional service. Can't go wrong with them!" This is a terrific business and he is genuinely interested in the best interests of the customer.  Kitty should go back to LA to rejoin her fellow whores!!!!!!! I waited 20 minutes and got quoted 40 dollars in the mall and they gave my watch back and said try it and make sure it is battery and sent me home with nothing! I walked in here and before I could even blink had a new battery for 5 dollars and got shown a beatiful Coach watch for under 100 dollars! If I was a coach fan I would have snagged it up in a heartbeat!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU LOCAL AZ! I WILL BE BACK! and hopefully someone snags that watch! Very knowledgeable and very fast.  I took in a watch to have the battery replaced and he obviously had done that brand before.  I then enquired if he did repairs (as well as battery replacement) and he said yes!  cheap and fast. $5 per each watch battery replacement." Quick & easy - and open on Sunday (but not Saturday).  Very reasonably-priced (only $5 per watch - but they take cash only). "Wow! Fast and easy battery replacement! $5 It would be VERY helpful if you would post your closures on your website instead of a piece of paper taped to the front door. Drove a long way for NOTHING. Not a great way to gain new customers. Doubt I will make the drive again.  and Pam watches here and have all been repaired perfectly. I have trusted him with watches over 25k and he has never let me down. He has saved me thousands over repairing at an authorized dealer Super happy I found my new go to battery spot!"  but very polite and quick. I'll be back there again! (Cash only and they are not open on Saturday)." I could not believe the value I got!" "I made the mistake of taking my Coach watch to a place that advertised that they did watch repair to change my battery. Not only did the place not know how do change but they couldn't get the back of it back on and tapped it up and sent me on my way. Fast forward to today k6C5YiGHU_aT8oXSkGb0Pg "Service was so nice and prompt!   I had smashed my watch on a wall and the second hand fell off.  The owner fixed it in mere minutes for only $5!  Super fair and prompt  reliable and very reasonable.  Whether it's a simple battery replacement or repair to a watch and some jewelry  inexpensive and convenient. Five bucks to masterfully fit my watch. Now  which seems like a steal to me! I was impressed with the quick service and affordable price. But come prepared its cash only!" "This is the only Watch Repair company I use. Most of the time it's to have the batteries changed or to remove links from a new watch. Quick and Easy. Cash & Carry but I usually seem to forget. By the time I return from the ATM  the guy who works there chiseled the back of my watch immediately. I'm really disappointed that a small part of my watch was chiseled off. I questioned him why did he do that to my watch. He told me that he would have charged me $15 more if it is hard to open. Bad experience...." "My husband and I had 3 watches that had dead batteries.. We had been putting off getting them changed & finally searched Yelp to find a place to go.. We chose to try this place & we were very happy! It took probably 5 minutes & he even fixed one of my watches that had an issue. The time was set as well as the dates.. All in all a very great experience!! Thank you so much In and out in less than 10 min for two watch battery replacements and even added a link to a watch. 5 year warranty with watch battery (with receipt). But I think it might be expensive. I was in a rush so didn't have time to comparison shop. I'd still come back--they took care of my stuff. You will probably pay a little more  to repairing my favorite super delicate necklace.  I can't say enough good things.  Location is super easy as well - I park at Sears at PV mall and walk right through and the shop is right there.  Great staff - Great work - So glad I found them!" I needed a ring resized. They did a great job. Very friendly workers. I was also able to use a 20% off coupon. I am happy.  Thanks! This place is the biggest rip off! They should be ashamed wanting to charge $29 to change a battery on a cheap Timex watch. I could not stop laughing. They would not tell me how much the battery cost. I took the watch to Victoria at Wall-Mart who charged me the price of the battery which was about $4 and she replaced it at no cost in about 3 minutes. Thanks Victoria!  I also got 2 batteries for the price of one. Screw the warranty at Fast-Fix. Ha-ha. I really cannot describe the anger I have for this place. A new watch is supposed to be fun. Now I'm just filled with anger."  it was triple the price. Then told me - with an attitude - they couldn't honor my quote. Purposely talking over me So.  Get married.  Go to Samuel's in Fiesta.  Talk to Heidi.  Leave happy." OK. So we brought my wife's wedding ring in to repair the prongs that hold the diamond.  It was supposed to only take a few days.  Two weeks later it's in.  We go to pick it up and it is a different ring. A bigger more expensive ring.  Ours however is nowhere to be found.  Now we will see how this will get fixed.  I may change my review depending on what happens. So we got resolution.  The jeweler they used soldered someone else's band to her ring.  We only see one small imperfection on it.  Thank God they found it.  The staff was extremely nice and apologetic.  It's just unfortunate that this happened in the first place.  I wish I could review the jeweler they used. Here is my husband and my hero Earl! Thank you so much." 