 trying to concoct a payment plan or get-rich-quick scheme in my head that would allow me to buy them (Sell my plasma? Sell my body? Eat nothing but Saltines for six months?) The prices are steep  but was nicer than your average box store.  The counter girl never looked up once the entire time I was in there--I guess she could sense I was just a browser." "The place is the most gorgeous shopping in the city. I feel like they crawled in my brain. My 7 year old danced around like we were in a fairy forest because she loved it so much! The items here are custom made Stopped in looking to furnish my new apartment. I was the only customer in the place on a weekday afternoon. I was never greeted by sales staff or acknowledged. There was an older woman and a younger woman working. As I was browsing the jewelry the older woman said loud enough so I could hear for the younger sales associate to watch me so I didn't steal anything. And I'm a white young professional so I can only imagine how other people are treated.  at least for Christmas presents. there just seems to be a lot of this kind of thing these days. even though this store has been around for quite a while."  but you can always dream... and buy smaller items to feel fancy!" Beautiful store. It's like a hybrid of the quirky doodads sold at Francesca's with the thoughtful set displays at Anthropologie but with a more authentic feel. I wanted to look around more but I can't shop peacefully when I'm with my husband. I'll definitely go back next time I'm in the strip district.  haven't actually purchased any of their larger pieces because 1. They expensive! And 2. I live in a tiny house and a lot of their furnishings are a little on the large side. It's also an amazing place to just come for ideas "Really wonderful place to get ideas. It has a very 'bazaar' like feel which I enjoy because you can just walk around to soft music and let different things catch your eye. I bought two pendant lamps from here for my dining room and they are stunning. There are a lot of upmarket pieces but also really cute trinkets and other items that are much more affordable. It really just depends on your taste. Visit this place when you have time to peruse I think I just found the store equivalent of a soulmate Cannot have asked for better service. They allowed us to put an engagment ring on layaway and when we picked it up-WOW! They do a quality job. I am in the military and I have lived all over the nation and any time I want to buy jewelry for my wife I always come back to Bucci's. No where else even comes close to the amazing service that I recieve every time I walk through the door. Awesome service and great quality!  I've been using them for many years and I live in Indianapolis!  we returned for the wedding bands.  They were so awesome and accomodating.  I was in there for almost an hour making my selection.  They would provide me with their honest opinion since I was having some trouble deciding.  Their prices were fantastic compared to the big chain stores.  Overall I would reccomemd this for any type of jewlery.  Skip the chain store and head to buccis  they blushingly knocked quite a few dollars off the price--then presented my jewelry uncleaned and covered with blue felt. And did not send me away with a box or even a  felt jewelry bag Mr. Marks is terrific to works with. Awesome offerings.  which I thought was fantastic that she was upfront. She put my watch on my wrist and asked how I wanted it to fit then got it adjusted within a matter of a few minutes. It was really easy and I'll be back if I need anything like that again."  the jewelry that we purchased is of the highest quality and style.  My wife was thrilled with the engagement ring I selected and we both love our wedding bands." There are many other great jewelry stores in Pittsburgh that you can look at other than here." My daughter already has her eye on them... : )" I am definitely a Henne customer for Life!" At no time did we feel pressured to buy and if anything the end goal for William was to give us a good experience at Henne and to help us narrow down the many I just accepted a beautiful ring from Hennes. I have had nothing but compliments and I must say that the ring was beautiful. Unfortunately within 4 days one of the diamonds on the halo was missing. I'm sure that this is a fluke and will be taken care of. But my new fianc is very upset by this.  but I did take some watches to get fixed and they were super fast. Maybe ten minutes when I thought I'd need to drop it off. Pricing on that was quite reasonable.  The clerk I dealt with in that transaction was terrific. Also  mostly one woman) unfortunately was unnecessarily unfriendly to us. Overall would have appreciated more help"  and absolutely no pressure sales approach. We found an amazing ring and I couldn't be happier. So much that we went back for my (now husband's) ring. While I felt the selection was somewhat limited in yellow gold Bought my engagement ring here and a few months later traded in my engagement ring here... John was amazing and went above and beyond to help me out in both situations. Highly recommended _iZjif9s-jF_Oju_1fhVog  as he is planning to propose this year he wanted to get an idea of what I liked.  We ended up sitting down and having a half hour consultation with an employee who was the most professional  and I would have chosen this a million out of a million times to buy the perfect ring. Would recommend to anyone."  the wedding bands too.  She kept me well informed during the process and the price ended up even being a little less than what was originally quoted.  The weekend mimosas and cookies were a nice added treat!  Nina and Henne have earned customers for life." We were so happy that he was willing to melt down old scrap gold and jewelry for us (including a few gold teeth) to form the jewelry as we wanted to minimize our impact on gold mining.  We came away with an amazing product for a really really reasonable price and couldn't be happier.  I would highly recommend these guys for any project.  They are artists of the highest caliber and really listen to the customer." I couldn't have been happier with my experience at Paul Michael Design. I highly recommend coming here I just recently heard about him through Facebook when someone shared the USS Enterprise ring!!  It looks absolutely amazing.  I have subsequently talked about Paul Michael Design incessantly to any who will listen.  I look forward to working with him in the near future...to commission my own jewelry!! So glad I found this shop and got to know Paul personally. Everything he does is so cool and so fun. Cheri and I are kind of geeky love the sci-fi stuff we have purchased from Paul. She gets compliments ALL the time. The jewelry is well made - even the backs and insides are perfectly polished. Our first purchase was online and it was very assuring that Paul answered all our questions and updated us on the progress as the piece was made. Considering how busy Paul is that meant a lot.  and have been perfectly satisfied each time.   From re-sizing an intricate wedding wand to the re-design of an engagement ring setting.   Paul's extreme attention to detail and creativity are what sets him apart.  Additionally  I will continue to come to him for my next custom designed masterpieces." I've always had a good experience working with Paul and his team. They've helped me select gifts for special occasions and provide full service for everything they sell. Paul has also gone out of his way to fix pieces I've purchased from other jewelers. Highly recommend these guys!  we so appreciate Paul's approach and attention to detail from conception to completion. He can truly design and make anything you could imagine. A true artist that we are so glad to have met and worked with.  Hopefully next he'll be working on an engagement ring for me!! Lol. Shhhh :)"  and service of this business is absolutely unparalleled!  I am never disappointed in Paul's awesome and unique designs.  Keep up the great work!" VJG4T5gCHqav9Y96upKgUw "Beautiful custom work of anything you can dream of. Great Studio and wonderful staff to make your ""I wish I had that"" dream come true. I know several people who have his designs and Everyone is totally satisfied with his work. Well worth the time to talk to Paul about your ideas."  trustworthy group.  They will give you a beer or glass of wine while you design your engagement ring."  extremely well made and sturdy. I have got so many compliments on it. It also has a square shaped bottom so it doesn't slide around my finger like regular rings(which is a bonus). Ron's also very friendly and honest with his pricing "Ron McNeish is a genius of jewelry design. He is also an honest man. It's for these two reasons my husband and I chose Ron to create my new wedding ring. Greg and I have been married for 19 years  and the ring needed to be sized down from a 7 to a 3 and 3 4. I was a bit worried that such a large reduction would alter the shape and or design of the ring. However it all worked out beautifully. Karen and everyone else in the shop were all very kind and provided lots of information. The job took less than two hours and the price was very reasonable. I am hoping to return there to have our wedding rings made."  but speed isn't worth it if the final product is damaged."  but the writing was still crooked when I came back. By this time I didn't want to deal with it anymore and just took the ring as it was "Fantastic service! I needed to get my engagement ring sized down and saw the great reviews The Collection had and decided to give them a call. I had my ring resized in a matter of about an hour. It came back nicely cleaned and polished and finally fits! Kerry was so nice and professional and I felt like I could trust them. Love it Everyone was great! We were looking for affordable wedding bands and the team at the collection (and especially Kerry) worked with us to get the perfect rings. Recommend very very highly!!  you have to stop in to be hypnotized by the jewels!" The owner stole a bracelet brought in for repairs and has lied over and over about returning it.  and failed to meet promised deadlines in performing resizing." "2 woman in the store were very helpful and knowledgable. I haven't received my piece yet and its been about 5 days. Iffy about who owns the place but  Marlene buys antique and estate jewelry and sells them for unbeatable prices in her little lace and paisley shop (formally a chicken coop). Marlene herself is no-nonsense: she won't sell engagement rings to men shopping without their fiances-to-be and she wants to know exactly how much you're looking to spend before she shows you anything. But don't be deterred by her sometimes-brusque attitude; she'll give you great personal attention and make you feel like you're the only one there. (The Saturday I was at her shop there were six of us from all over the Pittsburgh area I have since then posted the photo of my ring on my online album and have received so many compliments just from the photo alone! My wedding is in a few months and already I can hardly wait to wear it!" Ms. Harris seems to have an extensive understanding of fine jewelry which overshadows her social graces and recognition of social cues.  To describe her as brusque would be an injustice.  I will not return to her store and will ensure that friends and family meet their needs elsewhere."  but I hated everything I was finding here... not to mention it's SO much more expensive over here. I randomly found her online store when googling antique style jewelry. Hands down she has the best assortment of real vintage pieces  only to realize it would remind me of her every time I looked at it.  I really think that Marlene would be SOL if it weren't for her internet business  and not to worry about whatever anyone else thought. Definitely a more personal experience than going to some generic jewelry store and getting the same ring everyone else has..." I got my engagement ring from here and loved it.  The person we talked to was very friendly.  It arrived in the mail very fast.  One of the best shopping experiences ever.  We will be getting our wedding bands from there too.  They have a great selection. I get the whole ""brusque as endearing"" schtick and I can deal with it when people clearly know their stuff. And it seems that Marlene does know her stuff for the most part. But what I don't like is being treated like a child "My experience with Marlene was nothing but positive.  It all began when my fiance found her estate jewelry website.  She found the perfect ring NfHxV49mtVRq8enjdq1CeQ "" and handed me a set of bands I liked but didn't love. I proceeded to try to match all of the other bands I thought would go  but this also has not happened.  I've gotten a lot of complements about the stippled swirl designs on the edges from even casual acquaintances and other persons.  And Marlene Harris got the ring out to us really fast and in the correct sizing and everything-considering Chris placed the order only 3 weeks prior to our wedding (I was really panicking  or you'll end up in the wrong place) because we had purchased earrings from her online previously.  We had a great experience and ended up buying my engagement ring and wedding bands  you can get that from Marlene.  She will tell you the truth about the value of the piece and whether it becomes you.  She's not being rude when she's honest--she's being honest."  and then we took a ride to meet her!  Our experience was so interesting and special.  The shop itself is straight out of a movie - a former chicken coop transformed into a cozy space with fabric walls and lace ceilings.   Marlene is charming as can be The variety and the prices here are absolutely fantastic. Every.Possible.Price.Range. I am so  even when we had to go back to ask for advice about putting a bead in my ring. They asked all kinds of questions about ourselves and they were a pleasure to talk to. They helped us pick out the perfect rings. The shop itself is really cool...it used to be a chicken coop. It was such a genuine experience. I highly recommend Marlene Harris."  which I must say was vast and amazing! She never pushed us into buying anything and was very considerate of our budget."  and personable.  It was a pleasure to work with him and I can't wait until we get our rings - both very affordable Please do not use this location. They do not take responsibility for their mistakes. My ring will never look the same. It's a shame DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE."  husband's wedding band) at other high end jewelers and I've never received a card from them...they should take note of Helzberg and follow suit. Definitely when it comes to customer service and above-and-beyond satisfaction One star for Gary and five for Amber.  We are not going to go back to purchase because we found ones that we loved more at another store and that were more for our budget."  just a different ring that fit.  The cashier printed out the reciept and gave me a copy.  I felt very uncomfortable knowing the amount of my engagement ring and thought it to be a little classless.  Maybe this is a common practice that I am unaware of  until my mother spotted ""The One"" of course it's gorgeous! I get sooooo many compliments!!! My mother said the staff here was very helpful! We got engaged on December 20th 2014. THANK YOU Helzberg Diamonds!!! Absolutely love my engagement ring! I cannot wait to start shopping for our wedding bands" You cannot go wrong with buying me something at this store!" "Buyer beware. I had purchased my fianc's engagement and wedding band from Jared and was pleased with everything. So my fianc went to purchase me a watch for a wedding gift. The man sized the band for me and we left the store. The watch sat in the box for about 2 weeks until I tried it on again. I decided the watch wasn't for me and wanted to return it with in 30 days. My fianc was running errands and tried to return it to the Concord store where they were rude and told he to come back to this store. Once she arrived the general manager was extremely rude and calling her a liar saying the watch was worn and he got a phone call from the Concord store ""warning him"" about my fianc. We had to take our issue up with corporate and posting on their Facebook page we were finally able to return the watch. Beware once they get your money they will burn you on warranties and returns. Just go look at their Facebook page. It's nearly all complaints on it when other jewelry stores Facebook pages have not even half as many complaints. Stay away from this place."  you'll want to add some windage for the service plan. It's not cheap."  but actually seemed to care about me as a customer. By the time the process was finished I was thrilled with my ring choice Overall I had a great experience here. The sales staff were very helpful and informative and went above and beyond to help me out in finding the right ring."  but the shopping experience you create for the buyer has lost its charm and is now tainted in my book."  no phone call. So I called to check. And a male told me that ring is in store ready for pick up. So came in about a week later (btw I'm currently in front of the store as I'm typing... Mood: upset) this lady helped me. She was having a hard time finding my order. Then she told me that they weren't able to order the ring.... Ok? Why did the male told me it was ready for pickup ???!? Then she told that they have been trying to reach me to tell me that they didn't have that band anymore. Ummm no? ... They didn't? . So! There you go. Not coming back anymore after I find another band to replace this band." this time it was the breatling avenger seawolf Went into Fink's and all five employees in the store just stared at me and did not offer a greeting. I felt really unwelcome the entire time I was in the store. This is not the customer service I would expect at a high end jeweler.  they were persistent to help.  Their jeweler in the back tighten the screws for no charge.  And even though they did not greet me with a smile when I came in I wish If I can even remove the 1 star rating."  I do love browsing their amazing selections!!! And "Very quick service if you ask for it - just a simple watch battery change out - and with the coupon I expected the quotes to be off by a small percentage ... maybe $100 or so. In fact Brownlee offered 54% more than the gold building place  I was with a friend and before just selling my items she suggested I just go one more place to get a quote. I was terribly disappointed. They weren't so nice and I got a better price at Brownlee. Their ads are correct. They pay the better price for buying your gold. I will always make Brownlee my place to go and to recommend. They are curteous They have every jewelry piece you can think of for anyone on your gift giving list!" I will be bringing my mom soon to get her ring resized and I plan on using Brownlee for all my good jewelry purchase in the future."  we had ours custom made and they came out even better than expected. They were up front about the timing and what they would do to make the molding etc. I enjoyed my experience with brownlee jewelers and the staff. I will go back for my next jewelery purchase." Great service.  Total transaction took about 15mins. Got $722 for five pcs of old jewelry. I almost fell out when Michelle told me the amount. Lol "Some nice settings for rings but some of the center stones were literally yellow to the eye and priced at $3000+. They definitely need to look at their inventory I'll most definitely return for another purchase before I leave Charlotte and I'd highly recommend this place." Met with Julie Herzog to update my engagement ring. Julie was an absolute doll. I knew it was the right ring when I started shaking. She got it sized in record time and I got a beautiful diamond at a great price. Next time I'm in need of gorgeous jewelry-I'm going to see Julie! "I called to ask for a value estimate for some scrap gold and the man on the phone said they don't give quotes over the phone. Ok. Understood. Before I drove over  it is on the receipt.  But then he asks if he can see the earrings and necklace.   He then tries to lecture my girlfriend on why she should like this set.  This was pretty bad but fine maybe he thinks this is helping.   Sadly that isn't the end.  He then suggests maybe he can exchange the earrings for ones from the kids case while sneering.  My one solace is knowing that this guy is clearly hates his life."  or good customer service. I was extremely disappointed when I came to pick up a ring I dropped off with them two weeks earlier only to find that they hadn't done any work on it! The salesperson couldn't even tell me why they hadn't worked on it but had kept it for 2 whole weeks! They claim to have in-house jewelers but actually send the pieces off have them worked on. If you love Pandora or want a cheap engagement ring  and finally I let her show me a blue diamond. Of course it had a glaring inclusion right dead center of the table--they don't do the radiation treatment to turn diamonds blue if they're jewelry quality without it. When I didn't like that It would be cool if the offered events where they gave estimates of jewelry like antique roadshow ... I pick up jewelry at odd shops and often wonder about the value.  I was once given a batch of costume jewelry only to find out there was a $15000 diamond ring mixed in- I returned it to the owner who was very pleased!"  we had just had a heavy disagreement before arriving at the store and he wasn't in the mood to buy me anymore stuff that day. So I brought over a pair of earrings and asked him for them and he said ""no"". Then he stated that I had better get those earrings back over to the cabinet and not ""lose them"". But what he really meant was that I had better not sneak over there with my credit card and buy them. But MR. BROWNLEE began treating me like a child. He looked at me  and the total was about a hundred and $40.00 to clean three rings and size two. He sized two of them to the wrong size first of all. And one of them that was sized wrong was not supposed to be sized at all! And it was my husband's grandmother's ring that has been passed down in his family as an heirloom. It is irreparably damaged by this because he made it bigger when it shouldn't have been touched at all. My husband is at Brownlee Jewelers right now trying to fix this That sums up Brownlee jewelers folks." Stanis an absolute pleasure to work with for all my jewelry needs and he is reasonable. Everyone is friendly which is a big plus. If you need a watch battery changed you can get something to eat or pick up some food or a prescription."  he wants your continued business and proves that ever time you are in the shop. He will work with you to find exactly what you are looking for." "I recently took my Movado in for a new water resistant battery change.  Most jewelers told me it would take at least a week to return and it only took a few days here.  In addition They have a decent selection of things with an emphasis on engagement rings and watches. If you're looking for helpful staff 9Tz4w2tmLmcf2gZnqjMxxw Amazing service - I went in for a watch repair and was in and out in just a few minutes.   Its a very nice store and couldn't have asked for better service and the prices was reasonable. "This place is the best! I don't normally write reviews but for whatever reason my conscious wouldn't let me rest without given the credit due here.   The folks at Sumpters are fast  and was so easy to deal with. Definitely a 5 star experience 9Tz4w2tmLmcf2gZnqjMxxw  for their outstanding customer service and problem solving skillz. Like I said  I picked up my rings. The setting was fixed and the metal was replated on both rings. It looks amazing. Absolutely perfect! My rings look brand new again. The replating and the fixed setting didn't cost me a dime. They really take care of their jewelry and their customers. Great job  and my experience was the total opposite from the previous one.  The attendant's demeanor was condescending and snobbish  Neil Brown ""Who wants to be your jeweler!"" never even came out of his hole in the back.  This place is over priced and will rip you off  however the freindly service and the quickness of it more than made up for it." I guess i could have been tricked but i will never know." If you want to see an example of an establishment where absolutely no one knows what they're doing- and will insinuate you're in the wrong when you call them out on it- still don't go to Kay Jewelers."  3 employees were more interested in what they did over the weekend than helping me. I told them exactly what I was looking for and they fumbled around and tried to show me their very limited selection of earrings. I said I saw what I wanted online and could they order it?  I was told in a vey snippy way thay I could do it just as easy as they could. Really!!!  I left and went across the aisle to Helzberg and got exactly what I was looking for." "Employees get commission and the one lady who helped me the first time didn't remember me at all. I even had a business card and she gave a weird look. The second lady who helped was there earning a paycheck Now if I only had more jewelry to take to Renaissance . . .  =)" "My husband found this little place near his office a few years ago.  What a gem.  The owner Jaime cBH0kCvvUjQ9DBaAMUDSMw "Asked the jewler if he was able to replace the battery in my husband's Tag and he said it wouldn't be a problem.  Left the watch with him while I got a sandwich and when I came back he said he didn't actually have a battery that fit.  Since the watch was in the case and on the pillow "Someone that understands business. I just went in to get a new battery. I didn't have any cash on me so he told me to come back whenever and pay him. I don't often go to watch repair shops "I had a broken watch band and was looking for a nearby repair place. Doug was great A  pleasure to work with!" Doug did a great job on my Tag. It took longer then expected but was not his fault. Fixed it and polished it like new. I highly recomend him. Always professional and reliable service for big or small jobs. I highly recommend their services. I won't hesitate in trusting Doug and he comes highly recommended." This is now in the ""places named after me"" list for the quest. (more details in the list - Michaels unite!)" The proprietor was exceedingly polite and I'll be returning before the holidays to get something for Mom." I made my way across town to Michael's Jewelers right in downtown Phx.   Although had to pay for parking it's situated in a high traffic area with many business types.  I respect an establishment that gives a warm welcome and caters to their customers.  Got exactly what I wanted and I will go back again.  they are very low pressure. This is an ideal location to stop in for a cleaning or repair... then you can check out all of their pretty merch! Cannot recommend this jewelry store enough!" I trust Yelp reviews with my life and Yelp did not fail me. I took my watch here for repair after I busted it over Christmas. (I have a procrastination issue.) I left my watch for a quote on Friday and got it back on Monday. Fortunately it was an easy repair so no parts had to be ordered. Only $10! (Your results may vary.) I'm so happy and wish I hadn't waited so long to take my watch in. "Called to make sure they could change my watch battery. Was told to ""come on in"". I get there and there is no parking and I'm expected to leave my watch for a few hours. Really? There was NOTHING going on inside. Friendly...yea but my watch still doesn't work. This is why the mall gets all the business." The staff is friendly and knowledgeable."  the staff leaves something to be desired. They are not overly helpful and at times have just tried to up-sell us. I will probably start to try to find a new local jewelry making supply shop."  and not always friendly.  The staff generally won't look at or speak to you as you stand there waiting for the interminable line to move  but the terrible customer service ensured that I will never be back." Seems the non jeweler has the place figured out. I'm glad you have a great experience when you go into Lonnies but I can assure you that you would not walk into another business that is your expertise and act like a dummy so you can get good service! BTW I drive to Flagstaff to go to a little store called Thunderbird Supply and they give better service than Lonnies also."  their loose gems (which was the reason i went) were not very good quality. Their prices were not very good either and their service was terrible. I try to shop local and was looking forward to going to a new ""candy store"" but will buy on Amazon in the future if Beads Galore doesn't have what I'm looking for. Appalling service. I probably would have dropped $50-$100 on supplies today alone  Lonnie gets upset!??? Even heard Lonnie yelling at customers & staff. Staff is discouraged from spending time talking or helping customers no matter if they're buying $15 or $1500 worth of supplies; can't talk to other employees either = Lonnie's code of silence. It's unfortunate there aren't other good shops around as going in there is drudgery. So shopping online has become a much better experience. If you wanted to be treated rudely  and rush you out at closing. The reason I go back is there selection of cane glass beads are the best I've found anywhere and that's all I buy there." Trust me on this one - go to SJ Jewelry Supply.  Mario will be courteous and helpful  the  woman behind the counter in a scolding manner said ""I can only show you one size stone at a time"".  I walked out!   When their doors close once and for all they can thank themselves for driving people away.  I'll go to Mario's S K or order on line.   Mario is an accommodating "I decided to support a local business rather than order my silver supplies online. I went in excited to get supplies and learn a new craft - but wow - the staff is so rude and condescending. The clerk literally turned her head and laughed when I asked a question about polishing silver. I quickly paid and left. I won't return. So sad that a local business can't treat their customers with respect  and you are an apprentice going into a skilled artisan's store. That artisan probably demands respect in a way most modern people don't. It may seem backwards "I went into this store yesterday buying all supplies needed to make jewelry.  The clerk was nice made suggestions I bought what she advised.  Was a disaster I ruined several pieces later learning she had sold me way to heavy of silver I could not do anything with it.  I called said no returns but someone else came on and said come in he would of given me credit for part of slab of silver.  I was willing to buy more of appropriate gauge So this kid named Brendan I think that was his name anyway he treated me extremely rude and like a common criminal....... being that he was wearing two obscene diamond earrings and wearing a gun on his hip he was obviously compensating for the little man's disease so I should empathetic but whatever he's a complete ass....... He's not Noah that's for sure ( his predecessor I assume)....... As I've said before about other places your money is better spent elsewhere Til next time I really enjoy this signage. On an almost daily basis. Savy I cannot believe they could not conduct a transaction at 7:03 after I had called them twice and let them know exactly where I was." Go see Kat and the team at Super Pawn on Central!!" Young man behind the counter was very helpful and went out if his way to answer every question I had. Think his name jessy. $4 strings are the sheeeit! Best place to buy guitars and pedals... Great workers there.  Super mega awesome customer service.  I wouldn't get my instruments from anyone else. Customer service is HORRIBLE here. 3 grown men all standing behind the counter chatting and looking at me while im trying to get my mini fridge out of the car...I had to go inside and ask for help... There's certain things that you should just know to do when working retail. This was unacceptable. I won't be returning.  gave me a runaround when i was trying to return it. Very rude and unhelpful staff"  lube and toys. Oh the toys...It's a great place to get a quick gift for a fellow sistah. The greeting cards are fantastic. Lots of undies and swimwear (WAY overpriced!). And hordes of really bad clothing. Think tight mesh shirts with really bad pleather pants. What is this Fire Island 1979? All in all I like to support this type of store. Plus there's always the sleazy element of cruising. The tshirts are fun. Staff is helpful and friendly. They're always playing thumping  with lots of emphasis on alcoholism and dysfunctional families. Perfect for me and mine." 4sIK_74UwkKU9YQXIfgCdg  I'm an atheist and wouldn't buy anything for ""spells"" or ""rituals"" but they offer beautiful and interesting items for decoration." "Nice selection of incense and interesting decorations  make a point to visit!" "Fantasia is easily one of my favorite ""new age"" stores in the Valley. The staff is always helpful and glad to see you and the selection is amazing - it's hard to find stores with such a wide variety of statuary. The jewelry and stone collection is also impressive. The attached Northern Winds store has a great selection of books on all topics as well as jewelry and ritual items you can't usually find. I always start here when I'm looking for something."  this place will likely have it for sale Wonderful smelling incense is sold at this place but that's not the only thing they sell.  I can still smell the essence of the incense at home even days after I burned it.   When you walk into Fantasia  you're greeted right away and everyone is very helpful and friendly.  but I cannot comment more on the topic as that wasn't my main interest for going to the store.  I would say it is definitely a worth a look though  friendly staff. Overall a very pleasant experience...but too easy to spend a ton of money due to their great selection!"  willing and wanting to help. Prices are extremely reasonable.  The only thing I haven't tried is one of the readers or psychics but I have heard nothing but amazing things about them." "I love this store. Great crystals "I have been going to this store since 1992. I had moved here from NYC and was used to going to great crystal and magic stores who catered to serious pagans and other healers in the 1980's. this store is the best in phoenix. If you're looking for books Good to know it's there and I'll definitely be sharing the info with friends!"  I go here for the incense. Sometimes I grab so oil since there a bit cheaper here. They always greet you when you come in and have some palm/tarot or whatever reader on duty. I guess its seperate but there is also a tiny bookstore inside. Once in awhile I'm in and out but with all the things they have you can't help but browse it all."  including some herbs. The staff will typically have very good answers to any questions you may have. There are classes available. There are psychic resdings. I keep going back I went here for my first time today and it was beautiful! Staff is easy to talk to and super friendly. They have so many cool things. Great shop for anybody following a spiritual path. They also offer a wide variety of classes that I can't wait to try out. Reasonably priced and comfortable atmosphere. "This is my spot to get some crystals and other metaphysical items.  They have great loose gems and some pure natural essential oils too!  Love the incense and the chakra gems.  Beautiful figurines too - Buddha "Absolutely amazing customer service. The woman there today was so helpful and I really appreciated it! Great selection  and willing to teach me about the extensive collection of minerals  make a point of stopping in and checking it out."  and willing to teach me about the extensive collection of minerals This is a great shop!" SI3pSSDeGcuY2PyJ0BII5A  CA this thanksgiving and enjoyed stopping here. Wide array of spiritual and magical goodies and tools...i did particularly enjoy there used books and crystals as well as there sweet staff. Great energy here" Great place and reasonable prices. The staff is really knowledgeable as well.  so be forewarned! The more expensive stones and decorative pieces are behind glass display cases; and there are some beauties!. They have a great selection of music  and much more. The prices were very reasonable "This place has a very friendly atmosphere. The workers were so sweet and helpful when I was asking questions. They were also very friendly with everyone that came into the shop. There were tons of books to choose from "Great selection of stones and crystals in all shapes and sizes. Knowledgeable staff. The only reason that I'm not giving a 5 star rating is because I wasn't treated too well upon checking out. After being helped with questions about their items by 2 very nice employees  unfortunately on Saturday the poor counter woman was dealing with a rude customer in a busy store. They could use more help. If you go be patient." "Great place for collectors of Egyptian and Norsk items.  They also have great psychic reading specials 20 minutes for $15.00.  I had a female that was struck by lightning survivor give me a reading.  Unique perspective and did not feel like she fed me a bunch of crap.  She also claims to be a pet psychic This is my favorite metaphysical store by far in the state of AZ. Even compared to the shops in Sedona - Fantasias selection of stones and prices can't be beat in my opinion. The staff is super knowledgeable and friendly. They are not pretentious like many other metaphysical related stores can be. They also have a nice magick herb section. I feel good about spending my energy and money here. I can't say that about many other metaphysical stores. "This was a cute and fun place. The staff were extremely helpful and I found great sage sticks  all of which fairly priced.  This is my go-to store when I am looking for a specialty stone or need a large quantity of stones for grids and gifting.  It is also the only place we were able to find amber teething necklaces for my nephew.  They also have a variety of other items I recommend Burland.  HIGHLY." Bring everything to these folks - they are eager to assist you and offer honest  great place.  I will definitely be back!"  and after reading the other reviews on this page I had my heart set on finding the perfect ring there. A week later we were walking out of the store with it. The entire experience there was perfect. I love my ring. We worked with Jan who was so sweet and couldn't possibly have been more helpful. They worked with my budget We found the prefect wedding ring for my finance here.  We had a heck of a time finding something he liked and that looked good on him.  Trish and Helen were both super helpful and very friendly.  Our perfect and unique wedding band was ordered and came in very quickly - it looks perfect!  We are so glad we came in! Let's just hope the love of my life will have it!" I needed a replacement watch battery for a movado watch and had limited time before businesses were closing. Called around and was getting ridiculous quotes of more than $50. Called burland and they welcomed me and fixed my battery in less than 10 minutes & less than $10. They were very friendly to top it all off. Roommate needs to get a watch fixed and I'm definitely referring him here. Thanks I know where I'm going when I need a real watch repair or just a watch battery or want to pick up some bling."  but they're next to a great little mom and pop Italian deli. Beautiful jewelry and delicious subs? Score!!" I appreciate how well I was treated even though I wasn't dropping a dime on their merchandise.  If I am ever in the market for some beautiful fine jewelry  cut and clarity. They took the time to show us what they had in stock and were very friendly and professional. We did pick out a diamond and a setting that day. They held it for us until we made our final decision. There was absolutely no pressure to buy. In fact they understood that we wanted to look at other places before making that final commitment. After looking at a few more places and not getting as good a service as we did at Burland we decided to go with the first one that we had picked out. They made the experience of looking for the prefect ring so pleasant. We were so impressed by them So I am such a procrastinator! Went in on Thursday 10/13 4pm to find a wedding band to match my Tiffany's princess cut with bezel setting. Trish was awesome I showed her kind of what I wanted and she had a band and had it altered and it was ready that Saturday 10/15! amazing people! I will so be back to have any jewelry made or sized. Or anything for that matter. Great prices for what they have. I love this store. Got my engagement ring and wedding rings here. They have less-pricey stuff too! Employees are super nice. I was so happy that I found this place.  I was looking for the perfect ring for that perfect question.  Helen and Jan were so wonderful they worked for 2 hours to find the right one and even though they didn't have it in the store they offered to order it so I could see it with no pressure to buy.  The ring was even more perfect.  Let's just say someone is going to be happy at Christmas!  what a great little family owned business that has a great selection of jewelry at a great value.  This place doesn't do well because it is at a great location it does well by its customers and has been in the area for year.  I discovered it going to Nicoli's Italian grocery next door when I lived in the area.  Check it out and you will see the great people that work here." "This place is great! The people are very nice and helpful. I got a sterling silver ring for Christmas and it needed to be sized up... not even a full size. I was so distraught when I couldn't find a single jeweler who would re-size it. Then I found Burlands. Not only did they re-size it for me items here? All that and a family friendly atmosphere."  Mark and all their staff treat you nto as customers but as friends they want to keep.  They exemplify the kind of business I want to do business with!" I can't say enough good things about Burland." "What a great bunch of people! Very nice to work with and very reasonably priced. I needed some work done on my wedding set & had taken my rings to a ""big name"" chain at the mall for an appraisal. They quoted me 4x's more than what Burland's charged me. Definitely will recommend this shop to all my friends and will use them again." "I was very fortunate to inherit my grandmothers platinum engagement ring. When the time came to propose to my sweet woman What a great local shop run by genuine and skilled people! I would definitely not hesitate to come back for my future jewelry needs and I highly recommend Burland to others looking to get an appraisal."  Mark. They were great to work with and had all of my pieces ready in less than a week (took them in Friday and they were ready Wednesday as promised).  They cleaned the rings I was wearing for free when I brought in my pieces and gave me scrap credit for what was removed from the restyled piece. Prices were very reasonable for repair work and a gold chain and silver necklace that I also bought. I was pleased to see a nice selection of quality gems in appropriate settings in their cases -extra points for not carrying ""chocolate"" diamonds (aka charcoal) or other nonsense.  Will definitely be sending the husband there for special occasion shopping!  So glad to find a family-owned jeweler with old-fashioned values." I went to Burlands to redesign my fiance's  mom' s ring into my engagement ring. From the moment I met Jan I knew I was in great hands. Burlands provided me the creativity to update the ring within an amazing time frame and it was extremely reasonable! I will never go anywhere else! My fianc and I were thrilled at the outcome as was my future mom! Thank you Burlands!  and it needed a new battery as well.  I called ahead and asked if they did watched repair which they said they did. While they did replace the battery they maladjusted the watchband and as a result the watch would not latch.  This was very disappointing since it now fit worse than before. The young man who had been helping me admitted to not knowing what he was doing and that they did not have a watchmaker on staff and was kind enough not to charge me for the battery.  He meant well so the experience wasn't a total bust. However if you are looking for a ring or other jewelry." We just went in to see if they would resize a cheaper watch and the gentleman there offered to do it for free! What a great group of people working there. "I received a necklace a few years ago as a gift and it's absolutely beautiful but I knew it would see the sunshine more often if it was a ring.  I took my beloved necklace to these folks to create a sparkly new ring.  It took about two weeks and it was reasonably priced (I think?  This is honestly the first time I've ever had a custom piece made).  They were very friendly and accommodating.  Location-wise "Great service.  No pressure. Honest and reasonable pricing. Why would anyone ever go to a chain location?  This place is great  and had many repairs and I have no complaints. I brought my daughters necklace for a simple repair and they did it for free cause they didn't have to use any new materials. My son wanted to change something on his class ring and they were very honest and told us how to get the changes done for a cheaper cost. I love their honesty. They always remember our names when we come in. We are life long customer." "We got engaged and needed rings. Off we set on the ring-buying adventure and while it was entertaining and slightly horrifying to hit the mall and other chain retailers- think new car-buying at it's worst- eventually we needed to get down to brass tacks. I yelped jewelry stores in the area and up came Burland. Intrigued by the reviews "Wonderful and honest.  You feel like your home.  Out of three estimates for my estate jewelry  maybe they had something that would have worked. Oh well... there are other jewelers in town."  excellent service & beautiful quality jewelry!"  but we surprised once again when we were charged only $40! The service was great and it was so nice to know the ring was in great hands. I got the ring after the weekend and it was flawless. It looks brand new!" I know very little about jewelry so I always worry that I'm going to get fleeced.  This family-owned business appreciates each and every customer.  I will definitely return."  and were able to put into action the additions that I requested. We also purchased my husbands wedding ring through Burland. It was so unique and not like anything found in those big box jewelry stores. Even though there was a delay in some bands ordered for my ring  their incredible customer service is not to make up for a lack of quality products. They have a beautiful selection "Wow! Never thought it would be so easy to purchase wedding bands. Very impressive service and prices. Went to Tiffany and other jewelers and found it astonishing how much they overprice their jewelry. I worked with the dad and one of his sons and granddaughter. All so intelligent  and Trish was always extremely helpful & bent backwards to make sure everything was perfect. I will never go anywhere else... We love Burland!" "Such an amazing jewelry shop.  My fianc and I went to Shane Co and had a nice experience but we really wanted to support a local shop if we could. Not only did Burland search and find me the exact ring I wanted "If I could give them more stars I would! They went over and beyond to get my rings finished!! It's hard to find great customer service and great prices! They definitely have the whole package! I Love them! Excellent team! I cannot thank you enough Larry  the ring could not have been more perfect and my fiancee absolutely loves it.  We'll be back." This place was amazing they seem to have a huge selection all I was doing was getting a ring resized there price was awesome and they are externally helpful and professional can't wait to get the ring back Hidden gem! I found an awesome family owned and operated spot! Great staff on top of  the Awesome service! Great prices! I'll be back! Awesome customer service! I had my wife's grandfathers ring repaired here and it was a job well done.  The ladies who helped me were over-the-top nice and even offered me a COLD bottled water as I waited for another quick fix.  I would reccomend this place for all jewelery repairs.  Great service and very fair pricing.  gave my kids ring pops and helped my mom and I figure out what to do with an heirloom ring someday down the road when we decide to split up the stones.  All told  but I was on an unreasonably tight deadline and ended up finding one somewhere else. But Burland were the most friendly and generous and personalized service and this is where we will take all our repeat business. They are so kind and we feel like special customers. We even sent a wedding photo to them with our thank you! Thank you so much and I would advise anyone to go here - they will certainly help order in if they don't have something and their service is beyond anywhere else." Being in a jewelry store is not secondhand to me but I feel well supported here!" I got the most amazing engagement ring! Burland is awesome!! Go here! My fiance and I are so happy we did. Marc Will find you the perfect stone! on a limited budget we bought a beautiful ring. This experience changed my opinion of jewelry stores all together.No more mall stores for me-truly a blessing to find this store."  but there was some excess glue type stuff on the ring and the pearl and the pearl was placed in the ring slightly off center. I am grateful that they fixed my ring  I decided to just wear them on different fingers. But the nice woman and gentleman gave me a ring guard and spray (to clean my rings) for free! Great customer service. I'll definitely be coming back for future needs."  then Burland is the place.  I won't go anywhere else!" "My wife and I had a fantastic experience at Burland and will continue to seek their expertise for all of our jewelry needs. Back in December we brought our wedding rings in to be sized - they had been purchased elsewhere. They discovered a problem with one of our pieces and immediately helped us to contact the original artist and obtain a replacement piece. Both Larry and Trish worked diligently and helped make our rings available under a tight time crunch by our wedding date - even under the pressure of holiday rush. In January Burland also completed our appraisals on each piece so we could add them as scheduled property to our insurance policy. All of their staff is equally friendly and honest with their advice. After our experiences here  you haven't even been able to wear your ring yet?! So this was Saturday afternoon shortly before they close and they called me to pick it up on Monday! It is a very family friendly and family oriented store. We came back to get my wedding band here and will be handling all of our fine jewelry needs through Burland! Amanda also helped him pick out my valentine's gift :) thank you "Burland has done several repairs for me on several different pieces of jewelry.  They are a family owned/ran company and great with customer service.  They were upfront about pricing and called if there was any additional work needed.  They do custom work as well very clean and fantastic customer service!" "Great service- I had a Gucci watch refurbished for my daughter.  The staff is very friendly- I enjoyed looking at many different jewelry options.  Beautiful silver collection (my favorite.)  A little bit out of my way but well worth the trip for special repair or requests.  I would like to see more of a selection "I went in because someone told me my diamonds were loose. As it turns out they were not. They cleaned my rings Very friendly and expert staff! Were able to get my fiance's ring sized down in under and hour for about $50. Would highly recommend it to anyone! Went in to have my band on my watch shortened & Marc did such an awesome job.! He made sure it was the right size on both my wrists since I am ambidextrous!! And then he gave it to me for free I had to double check -- never met such a nice man!! I took a look around their jewelry selection is small but they have some unique pieces-defiantly a place to check out when I want to purchase another fine piece of jewelry for myself. I left there feeling I have found MY jewellers! Will definitely be going back."  she scoffed and looked over at her colleague and blurted out that it wasn't real and that she could have another one of her colleagues look at it for us.  Then she looked up at my fiance and said that emeralds are just as expensive as diamonds and if it were a genuine emerald that he would've paid well over $50k for it.  I really don't appreciate her nose-in-the-air demeanor for the fact that we were unaware that emeralds are as costly as diamonds and to imply that I am going to base my love and acceptance of an engagement over the cost of a ring.  For the record "My fianc bought my ring here and I'm glad he did! I wouldn't recommend going to a corporate store just to pay a huge markup. We got a beautiful ring for a fraction of what you'd get at the big names places. Plus when I accidentally broke my ring I cannot say enough about how amazing these guys are. My husband custom made my engagement ring here and after he proposed we returned to have it sized and purchase his wedding ring. The staff all seems to be family and are SO friendly. They have always been extremely responsive and helpful. We even returned just recently when I was pregnant for a ring representing my daughter and they were so happy for us and our new addition. We will continue to come here for all our jewelry needs in the future and encourage everyone we know to do the same. This family owned & operated store is the best.  Everyone is friendly and they're always willing to help you out.  So I had some spare diamonds and my mother in-laws ruby ring and wanted to create something out of it.  I worked with Amanda who came up with my necklace design and I love it!  they know how to do business the right way!  The Burland Jewelry Center still knows the meaning of customer service.  Everyone I encountered in their store was extremely friendly  he suggested that dipping the rings would make more sense financially and we did it! They also sized the rings and took off the soldering that my mom had previously done. Everything cost about $160 and the results were amazing! Marc did inform me that after time the white gold would wear off  especially Trish were extremely genuine and I got to know each on a first name basis and they lit up each time I came in. I had such a great time forming a bond with the folks here and couldn't think of anyplace better to go! I'm happy to report I gave her the beautiful Asscher cut ring they helped me piece together last night and she is so excited to sport it on her finger. It is just absolutely stunning. Thank you guys so much for the quality  I left ready to bring in my Burberry for my next stop here for a new battery.  This saved me considerable $$ over previous places in the mall.  Best of all its close to my neighborhood." "Just wow! From the minute I stepped in through the doors I was treated like gold! I needed to change out a diamond stone in a ring and they priced it reasonably "I've had three pieces of jewelry repaired at Burlands in the past year and they do exceptional work at prices so low I'm shocked every time they hand me the bill! I saved over one hundred dollars by having them repair and service my 15 year old Movado watch. I highly recommend them for their skill "Burland Jewelry was a lifesaver the week before my wedding when I was given my grandmothers old ring and wanted to take the stones out and put them into a necklace to wear on the big day. Trish was so helpful and we picked the perfect setting. She had it to me the day before my wedding and it is beautiful. Thanks "I found this place from Yelp reviews & I'm glad I did.  Wonderful job sizing my ring.  Final price was even a little less than the quote.  I think they have a unique variety of contemporary jewelry.  Staff are friendly  I needed my wedding set sized and they took care of that for less than another store quoted. All in all  I am so happy this was my first choice! I received the best treatment with absolutely no pressure. My now fianc and I chose a beautiful ring we both loved. Thank you to the Burland team! Especially Trish! You helped me and my fianc feel very at ease! I felt welcomed "Awful! Bars on the doors locking you in like a cage entrance. I was hesitant about going into such a locked in establishment - I didn't know this was the ghetto nor did they have any fine jewelry on display. Customer service was horrific! The jeweler {Mark} was arrogant and disrespectful and offered less than scrap gold value for over $10 "So it looks like I'm reviewing jewelry stores today.  I came here with my perpetually broke but quite bejeweled friend a few months ago.  I will say that any jeweler with a sales lady who practically begs me to try on a $140 I will be back to them agiain and again." For the price I paid I would have expected a higher quality of care." Its a really nice place. This bad experience is partly our fault for showing up 5 minutes before closing. We were not planning on buying that day. The service was ok but rushed and told us to come back as they were closing. I understood but when you are talking about a high end purchase you would think they wouldnt rush you out the door. Well we went to Jared who was open until 10pm. Again we were not planning on purchasing. However the service was so great and they helped us find the perfect ring that we made the purchase. I wonder if they know we were that ready to buy if they would have rushed us out the door.  I've had my ring cleaned in their store and the designer specifically says that their rings are NEVER to be placed in Sonicare.  When I mentioned this to the sales person he had no idea.  So much for authorized retailer."  and each customer is treated fairly and with respect.  My fianc (as most do) had her ideal ring picked out and ready to show me.  Erik was very patient and willing to work with us to get a ring that we could afford and as close to the original and the result was perfect.  The prices are reasonable and fair  Hyde Park was very welcoming and helpful. The service was terrific and they treated us with respect. The store offered to ship in several watches that we were considering So I went down the street to ED Marshall where they changed out my strap for free and I bought the GMT that I have had my eye on. It's never a good sign when a jeweler wants to nickel and dime you  do not hesitate to make a purchase from Hyde Park. All of their staff has been over the top with their customer service to my self and fiance."  enthusiastic and extremely knowledgeable in assisting us with our purchase. He took an extraordinary amount of time with us and never made us felt pressured or rushed. I would recommend Hyde Park beyond any reservation due to Erik's service."  and it felt more like a service than sales.  I will do more business there."  was very knowledgable and personable. Can't wait to make a deal here down the road. -Gabe"  Erik was there to answer any and all questions and needs I had along the way and got me a great deal on a spectacular ring. I  Hyde Park showed itself to be a welcoming and well-stocked jewelry and watch shop. I would definitely stop here first if I was looking for something new or wanted to try on some of the new model watches." CBwfqbMvp-_l9Klx1wra2Q Thank you John and the rest of the staff at Hyde Park for saving the day!"  John at Hyde Park came to my rescue. He looked at my ring under the microscope and confirmed that I was not crazy! Kay cheated me out of a diamond and damaged the prongs that held the stone in place. John took it upon himself to contact Tacori and ship my ring off for the proper repairs. John kept my fianc and I in the loop as the repairs took place and went above and beyond to help us out. I recently got my ring back from Hyde and it looks brand new! It's just as beautiful as the day I got it and I couldn't be happier about my experience! I will NEVER allow any other jeweler to handle my ring! Hyde Park for life!!!! Thanks John :)" Thank you so much for the great experience Beautiful store with IMO the best selection of fine timepieces in Arizona. When you stop by see Terri Hammer for GOLD STAR service ! "Ben Irons is your man to see at Hyde Park.  My boyfriend and I went to Hyde Park in hopes to get my dream ring custom made. All we went in with was a picture of what we wanted. Ben made this process SOO easy and FUN for us.  He set us up with an one on one meeting with Kerry  and with a hope to one day become an eligible client.  Wow... what a place."  they have shown amazing quality and care with repairing it.  The reason we didn't get our bands from here was because we were in a money pinch from paying for our wedding which is why we decided to go with another jeweler (BIG MISTAKE)  After the horrible situation we had with the jeweler down the road (look at my other reviews and you'll understand) "This jeweler was voted best of the valley!? I really do not see why. The salespeople are pushy and the selection caters to ""grandma"""  Carolina was my sales person and she listened to what I was looking for and helped me find that perfect gift. This isn't a place to window shop so I suggest you come in with money to spend because nothing is Cheap here since everything is hand crafted in-house." "Came here to buy the lady something sparkly for her finger and was greeted promptly.  The folks behind the counter were super helpful when I needed them  I've been on yelp since 2009 and never written a review; Well here it goes: If yelp had a negative star rating it would be a negative 10!!!  I bought my husbands ""platinum""  wedding band here last April and found out today that they gave me a 14k white gold band; Thank god for Molinas and their honesty. The story doesn't stop here  we went to Molina's this afternoon and purchased our new beautiful and symmetrical wedding bands.  Their service and quality were amazing and comforting.  I wish we would have purchased our bands here from the beginning (lesson learned). By the way Questionable business practice  Danny and Rene for several years-since they were located at Town and Country Mall.  I followed them to their current location-just across Camelback.  I have two lovely pieces of custom jewelry -Danny and Rene  and James designed for me.  These pieces are gorgeous and absolutely irreplacable to me.  There have been times they have gone above and beyond good customer service to meet my needs and requests. I go to them for any and all jewelry purchases and repairs.  I trust them and would not think of going anywhere else.  Diane H"  and he took the bracelet apart and reconstructed it with a different chain I had from a broken necklace and it looks beautiful now! Love them here." I will definitely be back and would highly recommend them to all my friends.  I had mentioned that I had a jeweler that I loved and trusted in CA before we moved here to AZ seven years ago  knowledgeable and walked me through how he got to his calculation so I left feeling really comfortable with the appraisal. I'll definitely go back to them next time I'm in the market for some jewels :)"  but didn't make the purchase until after I had a few visits with it.  I wanted to make sure it was right.  They remembered who I was when I first came back  ranging in value from modest to high end.  The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.  There is never pressure to buy anything. They love what they do and it shows in the way they treat their customers.  I've been very happy with everything I've ever gotten there. There is an ever-changing estate counter filled with lovely baubles at great prices.  Rare is the time I go in there and don't come out with some treasure. There is also a very talented woman working there who creates original pieces  someone I can trust.  And when I found this place one day while I was at CVS I knew I had found a Gem (pun intended)! Peggy really made me and my now finance feel like we were family.  She helped him pick out my fabulous ring and answer every single one of his questions.  I'm so proud to tell everyone where we got the ring from because I think everyone should know about this place!  If your looking for great jewelry with a warm smile  not solid gold. I don't know if a lot of class rings are like this or if it was just what they were doing in 1950. The jeweler filled the hollow space with gold and made the ring look brand new. When I asked if there was an additional charge for the extra gold I was told no. This was above and beyond my expectations. Not only did they make my beloved heirloom better than it was when I brought it in I have had several stones changed into beautiful ratings and these were pieces other places said was to delicate to do.... Bought a gorgeous watch for my husband... Peggy is the best and so knowledgeable... She even wrote down watch my hubby picked out so when I decided to get she knew which one... You are true professionals! Fiance bought my engagement ring here and my girlfriend swears by this place. I do now as well. I love my ring and love the service. I brought in some old pieces to be fixed and they did it so quickly and extremely well. They have a great selection so of course its always fun to poke around. "I cannot say enough great things about WR Williams!  I will recommend this jewelry store to everyone.  My fianc and I have had such an amazing experience with them.  There are no games with prices and no pressure to buy.  Peggy is so sincere and is the absolute best!  This jeweler has a beautiful selection Everyone is great here. Had a bad experience at Cartier and ended up leaving the store. Went to W.R. Williams and was helped right away! Great local place!  it really was the perfect ring. So I bought it. Peggy wrapped it up for me and off I went. And still got my chick Fil-a sandwich. It is a family owned jewelry shop and I love supporting local AZ businesses. The other gentlemen present were nice and charismatic "Best jewelry store in the Phoenix metro area. Stellar service with a smile. Peggy is always a pleasure to talk to and will help you find exactly what you're looking for. Prices are fair "My wedding ring looks just like the day I got engaged!  These jewelers really do an amazing job getting things to shine-and they saved me from losing a stone for such a reasonable price.  Very friendly  he had an excellent solution and made sure it was executed quickly so my sweetheart could have the ring back on her finger quickly.  I would most definitely recommend W R Williams - thanks Chris!"  and had excellent recommendations on how we could get a beautiful diamond within our budget. We finally chose a setting they had in store and made a small adjustment to fit our needs - the ring turned out to be absolutely stunning! I would recommend Chris and WR Williams to anyone in the market for jewelry Web bought a Citizen watch for my wife.  The price was fair and the service was excellent.  I would recommend this jeweler to anyone considering jewelry.  Muhammad Ali is a regular and I saw him once while getting sizing done."  Moda Fina has it!  The service is the best and this upscale store makes your whole shopping experience ah-mazing!  Whoever says ""Money can't buy happiness""...hasn't shopped at Moda Fina! lol!" Uri and Steve are awesome. Great watches to custom priced right engagement rings. They are the best. Check them out!! The people here are incredibly friendly and the customer service is outstanding! This is the kind of business that truly cares about their customers needs! I'm just trying to hint to my girlfriend now that I need to get a watch from Moda Fina for Christmas!  :)"  read my personality and style immediately. She saw what we had to work with and came back in a couple minutes with the PERFECT idea. I couldn't believe she was able to put together exactly what I wanted and even MORE! She gave us a very reasonable estimate and the ring was completed within a few weeks as promised. When I came to pick it up I had so many tears of joy and was shaking...to the point where they even offered me a ride home. Kudos to Moda Fina! You guys are the classiest act in town! THANK YOU!!!" Best experiences and best jewelers in town. Being a very high-end jewelry boutique your time in there is worth every second. They will find the piece you have been looking for. If anything they are worth a visit on your list of stores to check out and if you can't find anything you like  Do not trust them with your jewelry even for seemingly simple jobs."  only to go back THREE times to have it 'fixed'.  The owner's version of fixing it was to 'glue' the parts together.  On the third visit I told him to replace the whole band--I had only worn the watch on three different occasions Bad attitude maybe I was the wrong color for them or maybe the wrong nationality I'm American they are and treated me disrespectfully "This Business stablished in Phoenix 1957   I highly recommend Luke's business. He doesn't overcharge like most places and he's very good at what he does. You can trust he will always gets the job done right! I've been a very happy customer here and will be coming back" I still have no Idea what to say. What a complete waste of time. I have absolutely no idea how this place is still in business." Check the shop out for yourself and make note that he only accepts cash"  the watch seems to be keeping time. I'm a happy man!"  it occurred to me that I should have yelped it first! So after reading the more recent reviews for the establishment under new management (the 1st review is no longer valid - it was for the previous management; I'm waiting for yelp to take it down) He's cash only and not open on weekends." Do not pay attention to the first reviewer. Same name then but different owner."  he told us something about a Rolex watch my husband bought a LONG time ago that needs to get repaired. We had checked with another ""jeweler"" and they said our watch was fake. My husband was totally pissed.  This watch guru  the band fell apart. I fooled with it for a good hour trying to put it back together and finally gave in to finding someone to repair it. I had no idea where to go Replacement band - installed: 10$" Exactly what I needed to get my watches back online. Service was while I waited and prices were more than fair Took a bunch of watches here today to get repaired and new batteries. The owner gave me excellent service for a great price. I left very happy and will be back again!  friendly.. what more can you ask for? Definitely will recommend for anyone looking for watch repair or just a simple battery change." k6C5YiGHU_aT8oXSkGb0Pg He is the only person I will have service my timepieces from now on. He is extremely knowledgable."  and before I could even finish he was done with the clasp on my Rolex. There was no charge on the Rolex. Really? It's my favorite watch; I would have paid anything. This guy is fast One other quick note. The whole ""desperate people selling gold and ONLY dealing in cash"" made me think that this guy's operation of watch repair may be a front for his other dealings. Not saying I care  Eddie wouldn't even accept payment for this."  well at least you and I both live in the area!  Thank you for restoring my trust in jewelry repair/dealers!"  and set my watch to the proper time. And the best part - he only charged me $5! I offered him $10 for being so thorough and for staying open last his posted hours but he wouldn't accept it. Don't let the pawn shop style sketchness fool you - this is one hole-in-the-wall worth visiting."  and fast. The watch repair man educated me on my watch and how I should care for it in the future. I am glad that I travelled the extra distance to this store. Overall EXCELLENT transaction!"  affordable and one of the best at what he does! I truly recommend him for jewelry and watch repair. He is also funny "Yelp should remove the old reviews (2009) because this is now under new management. Brought my watches here to have some batteries replaced and links removed. The guy behind the counter only charged me $5 each. So inexpensive! He also gave me some advice to have the battery replaced every 3 years. It only took about 5 minutes Before you go: have cash.  He takes cash only!" Excellent service and reasonable prices.  The staff is very friendly and personable.  I love finding smaller stores that do it right!  They could teach bigger stores a thing or two.  I would highly recommend this business!  and gave me good tips about my watch. This place is the perfect ""local"" watch repair location I was hoping for!"  only $10 and ever took the time to polish and shine them up. Took less than 20 minutes. Remember "I was tempted to ship my skagen watch out for band repair. But I'm so glad I found this local shop instead! He graciously and quickly repaired my band so it was comfortable to wear again. I haven't worn it in 2 months and it was driving me crazy. I haven't found a jewelry & watch repair shop since moving here. But this is now my go-to shop! I will be back for sure. Also I will be bringing all of my future online watch purchases to this place to be sized." "Replaced my watch battery and fixed the inside of another watch for $5 a piece. Super cheap considering the ones in the mall quoted me like $25+ to replace one battery. I was so impressed at how quick & nice the gentlemen was who works there.  He even added a diamond stud that had fallen out for free Needed links removed from new watch. Did it in under 2 minutes for only $5. Outstanding. 'Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time'" AMAZING! He fixed 5 watches in 5 minutes! Owner was so sweet! Best watch repair guy a girl with tons of betsey Johnson and juicy couture watches could hope for!!!!!!  Nurel greeted me and I explained my issue. He took care of the fixing in less than 5 mins and charged me a menial $10 for the work. (Note: Silly me Very very nice. I would recommend this place to anyone. He even sells nice affordable watches."  I checked the back of my casing and there isn't even a single scratch or any way to tell he'd popped open the back and had done it so quickly." Replaced battery in my Tag watch for $5.  Done in a couple of minutes. Had battery replaced a couple years ago at the mall for $65.  Nice guy too.  it cost me $25 to get 4 watches fixed. Links taken out and batteries replaced. He was really fast and did great work."  I was a little anxious on where to go and how much it would cost!!) Very happy to have found this place It's easy to drive past this establishment. Slow down! (It's directly across the street from Nook.)" I had 8 watches that needed batteries. ....he was done in less than 10 minutes!  Great customer service and prices!  CASH ONLY! Cx9PbFydr_O3ptScw3_Iiw  my Tag had a new battery and was clickin' along. Can't ask for more." "Closed on Saturday's.  Read the Yelp reviews and headed to this shop to have a couple batteries replaced in old watches.  They are closed on Saturdays I've never been charged by any watch repair shops in LA for them to put on a band or take out a link  I needed to get my band fixed and for 5 bucks and under 5 minutes I was really happy."  etc. Some people mistook him as being rude when I didn't find him that way at all.. When I first arrived he was just finishing a job for another customer and didn't even charge him (I think it was a small job but still). I dropped off 12 watches to have batteries replaced  she thinks $5 is a rip off?  And then takes the opportunity to insult the state of AZ?  I think Miss Kitty should take her toys and attitude back to the Magic Kingdom!"  affordable and professional service. Can't go wrong with them!" This is a terrific business and he is genuinely interested in the best interests of the customer.  Kitty should go back to LA to rejoin her fellow whores!!!!!!! I waited 20 minutes and got quoted 40 dollars in the mall and they gave my watch back and said try it and make sure it is battery and sent me home with nothing! I walked in here and before I could even blink had a new battery for 5 dollars and got shown a beatiful Coach watch for under 100 dollars! If I was a coach fan I would have snagged it up in a heartbeat!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU LOCAL AZ! I WILL BE BACK! and hopefully someone snags that watch! Very knowledgeable and very fast.  I took in a watch to have the battery replaced and he obviously had done that brand before.  I then enquired if he did repairs (as well as battery replacement) and he said yes!  cheap and fast. $5 per each watch battery replacement." Quick & easy - and open on Sunday (but not Saturday).  Very reasonably-priced (only $5 per watch - but they take cash only). "Wow! Fast and easy battery replacement! $5 It would be VERY helpful if you would post your closures on your website instead of a piece of paper taped to the front door. Drove a long way for NOTHING. Not a great way to gain new customers. Doubt I will make the drive again.  and Pam watches here and have all been repaired perfectly. I have trusted him with watches over 25k and he has never let me down. He has saved me thousands over repairing at an authorized dealer Super happy I found my new go to battery spot!"  but very polite and quick. I'll be back there again! (Cash only and they are not open on Saturday)." I could not believe the value I got!" "I made the mistake of taking my Coach watch to a place that advertised that they did watch repair to change my battery. Not only did the place not know how do change but they couldn't get the back of it back on and tapped it up and sent me on my way. Fast forward to today k6C5YiGHU_aT8oXSkGb0Pg "Service was so nice and prompt!   I had smashed my watch on a wall and the second hand fell off.  The owner fixed it in mere minutes for only $5!  Super fair and prompt  reliable and very reasonable.  Whether it's a simple battery replacement or repair to a watch and some jewelry  inexpensive and convenient. Five bucks to masterfully fit my watch. Now  which seems like a steal to me! I was impressed with the quick service and affordable price. But come prepared its cash only!" "This is the only Watch Repair company I use. Most of the time it's to have the batteries changed or to remove links from a new watch. Quick and Easy. Cash & Carry but I usually seem to forget. By the time I return from the ATM  the guy who works there chiseled the back of my watch immediately. I'm really disappointed that a small part of my watch was chiseled off. I questioned him why did he do that to my watch. He told me that he would have charged me $15 more if it is hard to open. Bad experience...." "My husband and I had 3 watches that had dead batteries.. We had been putting off getting them changed & finally searched Yelp to find a place to go.. We chose to try this place & we were very happy! It took probably 5 minutes & he even fixed one of my watches that had an issue. The time was set as well as the dates.. All in all a very great experience!! Thank you so much In and out in less than 10 min for two watch battery replacements and even added a link to a watch. Worth a visiting at least once every few months however!" Their selection of OLD items is great and their prices are decent. The staff is always really nice and they are open on Sundays This is hands down my favorite antique shop. I've been to most of the shops in phoenix and this one always stands out to me. I always seem to find something that I have to have wether it be some old black and white photos or a bear rug! The staff is friendly and will help you find what your looking for if you require something specific. They will also call the booth owner if you would like to make an offer on a piece. Everything is reasonably priced for the most part and the content stays filtered. I mean I have nothing against people who collect toys and beetles memorabilia but I'm just glad that at this store I don't have to sift through it.  2 thumbs up for sure! 9ryGi1IxglgxuZEmfDQfAg  but someone will help if you ask. It's like any other store...some prices are more than fair and some are very high. You don't find much junk here...it goes from high end glass items to collectibles of any price. It's true about being watched Great place to fine unique pieces of furniture. I bought 3 end tables and an english Edwardian desk from them and I'll go more and look for other stuff. The elegant lady with the short black hair in the front is very nice and she will do anything to help. Thank you ! 9XmZiDDXs7OPLyaDz4Z4Vg "I love this store! I have been to most of the antique shops in Phoenix and out of all of them this place is my favorite. The best thing about it is that it is somewhat regulated as to what is sold there. No plastic 80's/90's toys  I've started to add this place to one of my favorites. The staff always is always nice to me and I've found quite a few fantastic pieces for my house. The prices seem reasonable and there's a couple booths that always have something fun to look at." Major negative: it's exceedingly more expensive than other antique shops in the valley."  weird wall hangings to furniture that you can't sit on unless you buy (makes sense). One can easily spend hours  & right away a lady showed me afew pieces around the store.  Ive purchased a few items from here love browsing around the store"  they don't know you from Adam. Anybody that is going to get they're feelings hurt about it might need to stay home and shop on eBay. Just sayin'. Having said all that Bottom Line: Do your self a favor and don't stop by here."  I felt I needed to come in and defend my staff.  A few weeks ago a one star review was left by a young lady named Bianca.  I plan to address her concerns privately The gals at the counter always greet us and never hover.  Last time I was fortunate enough to make an offer on 3 items from the same dealer and got 20% off because of it!  Thank you Pat!"  but I stated we would not be returning and would spend our money elsewhere.  She retorted  ""that's fine!""  what happened to good customer service? If she would have been polite it would have been a totally different experience and we probably would've returned... Not the case!  With this economy customers have many choices of where to spend or in this case NOT spend their money. We will never go back to this establishment!"  in general are pleasant & helpful.  Of course you can expect them to ""check on you""...every store does that. I don't take offense.   I purchased a big item that had to be delivered and the staff could not have been nicer & more helpful.  Thanks!"  but they do offer payment plans. And let me tell you  have something repaired or cleaned or appraised. You can't go wrong. Much better and more personal than all of the chain stores. You will definitely get something unique." "I brought a high end Omega in to their repair dept for what seemed an easy fix and had to take it back 3 times because they kept giving it back to me and it was not working. They kept it for almost 8 mos on and off "I bought my girlfriend's engagement ring from store in LA and it was too big... Schmitt resized it for a very reasonable price same day because they could tell my fianc didn't want to be without the ring. Ann  my fianc now. Chris was the gent who helped me with everything. Very professional and even helped my fianc get it resized after I had proposed. Deff would recommend this place because of him. It's also nice to see fellow veterans out there working hard. Kudos to Chris. Semper Fi (0311)" Such a nice family owned shop.  They do a great job fixing jewelry. "I wish I had the ability to post a negative star but I guess one will have to suffice. Please do yourself a favor and run These folks were very accomodating and friendly. I came in to buy my ladyfriend a watch. They helped pick one out and even price matched another vendor to ensure I got a competitive deal. Joe was most helpful and friendly. Thanks again! The BEST customer service in town. Friendly and helpful staff took their time to help me find just what I was looking for even though they were minutes from closing for the night. I will definitely be back! They also have an ADORABLE poodle (Chloe) who is so sweet and well behaved My watch needed a new battery so I yelped on my way home from the market and Towne Jeweler popped up as my nearest location. Everyone there were so friendly and my watch battery cost $15.80. It was a Michael Kors watch so I'm not sure if they charge less or more for different brands but that was a good deal! They also have a 1 year warranty which is awesome. I would definitely come back again if I ever needed anything. :) "I just picked up my reset diamond today.  It's outstanding. The friendliest jewelry store I've ever been in and they have incredible quality and fair prices.  Having moved to the area after using the same jeweler for twenty years If you are at all hesitant about visiting a jeweler I just want to say my experinece and purhcase was and amazing one. Staff is always friendly and helpful. Joseph Sanseverino helped me. He is the man. Very pationate and caring. Made my buying of diamond earings experience enjoyable and pleasing. They where for my sweetheart. She loved them. My roomate also goes to Towne Jewelers and asks for Jo. I give you my word and promise your experience and purchase will be an enjoyable and pleasent one at Towne Jewelers. I will be making all my jewelry purchases from them.  Quality jewelry  customer oriented jewelers with superb personal service this is the place you want to be. The owners Frances and Joe could not be more pleasant. Their entire staff at the store are always pleasant and enjoyable to deal with. I wish more businesses would approach their customers in the way that Towne Jewelers does: treat your customers fairly and with respect in a pleasant way and they will come back and tell others about their exceptional experience!"  they are closed for 2 weeks." "I am still beyond excited to have found this place! We were in the Phoenix area on vacation for spring break. There we got engaged on the 3rd of our 8 day stay. Unfortunately the ring was just a smidge to big. Worried it would get lost if it slipped off hD8McD6pHAKF9SMbhi-SSw  and I am grateful they answered any all questions and concerns I had. We paid $60 to resize; not sure how that compares to other jewelers but I feel it was worth every penny! I will be a returning customer as long as I live in the valley!"  he was amazing. The jewelry there was gorgeous but my husband saw his dream watch. He is addicted to Suunto watches but he found a Citizen watch that we could not pass up. So in love with this place and I would highly recommend it to anyone who needs their jewelry needs taken care of. Professional and extremely helpful." "Once again Keith came through like a magician fixing my wife's wedding and engagement ring making it look BRAND new grabbing lots of comments throughout our vacation. Secondly I learned that they offer high end watch buffing and cleaning as he was able to buff out the Rolex watch I was giving my wife for our 1yr wedding anniversary while out in Phoenix. Would HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend Keith and his team to everyone. Outside of that  and follow through.  I am very satisfied with the repairs and battery replacement.  They are close to my home "I needed to get a necklace fixed and looked them up online. The reviews were good and they are close to home. I walked in as they opened last Saturday and asked them to fix my necklace. I was greeted immediately and warmly. My necklace was fixed within just a few minutes. The fee was very reasonable. Now THAT is service!  Because of the wonderful customer service and the reasonable fee  and he took care of them while I waited. They even gave me a special price for bringing three watches in."  the sales ladies were extremely friendly and informative. Carol stands out the most (even though all were amazing) she was very polite and a delight to do business with. Would definitely recommend this place over and over again." Wish Yelp will let me post with a simple sentence vs. write a story."  even thought TCW was not huge).  The two  men's rings are very handsome.  Beyond our expectations.  It was a huge undertaking for Keith.  I think he may have lost sleep over our rather large challenge.  He far surpassed our hopes.  Everyone loves their special ring from Mom.   To make this perfect Very friendly people and a relaxing atmosphere to wait and get a watch battery replaced. They're affordable and provided me with some great advice on caring for my watches. Recommended. At least I could easily get my rings fixed! After taking them to this great jewelry store they looked like new rings! And the bill was more than reasonable. Highly recommend them!!" Great service and more than fair pricing. Would recommend Keith and his staff to anyone shopping for wedding and engagement rings 000 piece of jewelry. We were there about 10 minutes and browsed around and she gladly showed us pieces we asked to see in the cases. There prices seemed quite reasonable (I had my eye on  a beautiful two-tone crucifix. They had a large assortment of crosses and Star of Davids. Nice. I will be back!" Very nice and helpful! I found them on Yelp and needed a battery change in my watch. It was fixed within one minute of entering their store- VERY impressed! Highly recommended. hD8McD6pHAKF9SMbhi-SSw THEN they worked magic on my watch with a battery replacement. Mickey now sings and I am a very happy camper. Thanks ever so much!" The watch repair at Hinrichsens is beyond amazing. This man is a genius! Repaired an Omega watchband using piano wire. Looks and functions like new. Omega wanted $500 for a replacement clasp that the genius here fixed for $75. I was confident when I brought it in that he could fix it...and I was right. So very pleased. All and all .. I love Jared:-) High quality diamonds and beautiful platinum look amazing on my finger with my original wedding rings." Then we took the ring to another jeweler near us to have it appraised. Jared told us it was an S1clarity but this jeweler said it was at best an I1....which is much less. We called Jared but they said that it was sold as presented." "Have had the worse experience ever with this store!! Don't buy from them!! I repeat DON'T BUY FROM THEM!! My fianc ordered a custom made ring for me which when he picked it up it looked like someone who was drunk put it together!! They tried to fix it three times only making it worse!  Which then we decided to go with a whole different ring to be made bc we were so aggravated with the quality. They told us it would be 6 more weeks before the ring would come in! Now when you're engaged and can't even rock your ring that's an issue. But okay let's get what we pay for and wait 6 more weeks. Well... The promise date was one week ago and still no ring! We have been engaged since Aug 24th and its now Oct 20 and still no ring!! This place is a joke!! Beware!!!!!   Update:  second ring has come in and it's still looks like someone who was drunk put this together. Diamonds in halo are jagged and not straight "Absolutely terrible customer service. The lady I spoke with was ignorant and extremely disrespectful. They are overpriced and lack basic customer service skills. All I wanted was a stone to be set and received flack. If you don't buy from them This store is dishonest. Stay away!" Great service. Great products. Clean store with no B.S." "Was not excited to go to Jared to look for my engagement ring ( I didn't want to say ""He got it at Jared.) but after a terrible experience at Shane Co. we went.  Walked in and met Wendy....SHE IS A ROCK STAR!!!!!!  Picked the setting and had loose diamonds brought in for us to look at.  The ring is beautiful and going back to have the wedding band custom made.  Ask for Wendy.  Just do it."  the manager called me and asked me to bring in the necklace. They are now going to repair it and they did not charge me. It's a pity it needlessly got to that point however "Went in and took my little niece to get her ears pierced and the staff was extremely knowledgeable "So...had been curious and wanted to give it a whirl - got my ears pierced. We had circled the mall trying to find a place that had basic studs that suited out taste (not little sparklies) and after a few unlucky stops Took our 1 year old to get her ears pierced and the girl who helped us was very nice. We waited a couple minutes for the other girl to get there so we could have both ears done at once and whalah! It was done so fast! I highly recommend them! I was a little taken a back that it was just a kiosk in the mall but they were very clean and professional and sent us home with cleaner and all the instructions! I highly recommend pagoda. They took care of both me and my mini me." So.  Get married.  Go to Samuel's in Fiesta.  Talk to Heidi.  Leave happy." OK. So we brought my wife's wedding ring in to repair the prongs that hold the diamond.  It was supposed to only take a few days.  Two weeks later it's in.  We go to pick it up and it is a different ring. A bigger more expensive ring.  Ours however is nowhere to be found.  Now we will see how this will get fixed.  I may change my review depending on what happens. So we got resolution.  The jeweler they used soldered someone else's band to her ring.  We only see one small imperfection on it.  Thank God they found it.  The staff was extremely nice and apologetic.  It's just unfortunate that this happened in the first place.  I wish I could review the jeweler they used. Here is my husband and my hero Earl! Thank you so much."  is super nice and helpful.  They have great prices on silver and I like that the beads there are different than you find in many of the other bead shops around Phoenix.  A lot of the beads she carries are semi-precious stones at great prices!  She doesn't carry a ton of tools but has some of the basics.  I love stopping in here and try to buy most of my silver from Cathy!"  for chains and ways to attach charms to necklaces. Cathy came up with a creative way to attach a turtle charm from mexico to the chain. She is always professional and her prices are unbeatable." "Small town feel in the big city. I found a great little bead and Silver shop! From the moment you walk in Cathy makes you feel at home. I go for the Silver. Cathy  is very good at keeping almost everything you could ever need for doing silver work on hand. On the rare occasion she is out of something leave your name and number and she will call when it comes in. Go to the ""other"" store and try that. Your number would end up in the round file before you can leave the parking lot. I know because I tried. You cant go wrong at C&D as Cathy and her dad have been in the business for decades!" iySgT6dglrcqf21bgXNE-g  or any jewelry company associated with an outfit called M&G Jewelers." I will never do business with Zale's again.  I will never do business with M&G Jewelers again.  And I will check with other jewelers to be sure they are not going to send my jewelry to an outfit called M&G Jewelers." Great friendly staff. I have been shopping there for a few years and I always felt welcomed. 