 Clif Bars and other power bars and healthy snacks. Reasonably priced Make sure you order your smoothies without their added sugar and you'll save 100+ calories. I haven't tasted it with the Turbinado 00 to step up to a medium.  Prices of other snacks are also a little higher than you might find elsewhere.  This tends to be the going rate  the medium Angel Food is at least $7 bucks but keep the addons low and it wont get too pricey." Service is fast and friendly.  Location is convenient (overstreet mall level of One Wells Fargo)." Between the Smoothie King at the Epicenter 2nd floor & One Wells Fargo Center across from the YMCA. I find these two locations to be much more customer service oriented than others I've visited. When all Smoothie Kings have the same stuff this is why I will go to these two locations. Great service.  They recognize and appreciate repeat business.  Orders are always taken correctly with personalized service.  One of the perks of working uptown! Thank you SK for being so reasonably close this time & I look forward to many more shakes to come & of course the SK app is locked & loaded ."  I can make a smoothie function as my lunch. They also sell these almonds that are coated in all kinds of goodies. My favorite are the maple ones." My personal favorites are Strawberry Extreme "I agree with the other folks.  I always get the orange (sunrise I think) and it is wonderful.   They also have a great mango smoothie.   IN fact  and was hoping to find a place to stop periodically  wow. I think I'll stick with costco's smoothies."  this is your spot! I don't come often.......usually after a good workout if I can't make it at home. Make sure you ask questions if you're curious......they use turbinado which I can't take the taste of and always get mine without it. Just like everything else  instead of the aforementioned greasy pizza alternative...especially if you're trying to lose a few LBs."  I'm a huge Smoothie King fan.  Lately they've changed all of their recipes and no longer use any real fruit.  Their general smoothie recipe is now 90% ice and 10% fruit juice.  GIANT waste of money as it probably costs them about 50 cents to make a large.  You can do better." UPDATE: The bulk never came. It never came."  and manga a go-go are my favorites!"  its a treat to be had maybe once or twice a week for us regular folks...if you're a big timer then maybe you go everyday?  Its good good good stuff  and the staff is exceptionally inviting and friendly. This is a way better alternative to other types of fast food and drink type conveniences. Check these guys out." It definitely hit the spot and the staff is  superb. I will definitely be back again."  I would eat/drink Jamba Juice smoothies 2 out of 3 meals a day. I haven't tried the oatmeal yet Super friendly staff and smoothies come out so fast...delicious too! ...although im not really sure you get enough boost to achieve super power status Went there for lunch because I heard this place has sandwiches. I bought the Southwestern Chicken flatbread for almost $5. When they pulled it out of it's little bag to cook it  I just about asked for my money back. The thing was small for the price but I guess they are basing it on the calories. It isn't really that bad but I'm still hungry. Probably would not go there for the sandwiches anymore but just for the smoothies. I love that they will take out the strawberries (allergic) in any recipe and replace them with another fruit.  seriously I always need to drink the 2 oz shot when I eat unhealthy or when I'm hungover. A great fast way to detox. I love to get anything that has an anti-oxidant. I also like to get the turkey sausage and egg breakfast wrap. One thing is that this place usually is never busy so they're fast! over all if the employees were to be a bit more bubbly I would give this place 5 stars."  anyways - the personnel noted this and started interacting w/the line (of 4 ppl) and started to get the smoothie making party started. Great job!!! But  makes the experience all the better. Prices are affordable considering what you're coming in to order. Whether this location or another jamba get yourself a wheatgrass shot I love Jamba Juice. The Orange Carrot juice is my favorite. Stopped by Jamba today and every time I do I ask myself why I do not go their more often? Employees were courteous and efficient and when they were not helping us they were nonstop cleaning. Always love getting a meal at Jamba! The service here was amazing and the employees made my drink and flatbread perfectly! Thanks for the awesome dinner!! I am giving this Jamba Juice two stars because it is a great representation of why this company will never be great. There is a huge lack in management here. The employees are all super causal and in no way embody Jamba Juice's company character of being a healthy I just paid $20 for two drinks.  This place is delicious and healthy but the price is absolutely ridiculous.  The kale isn't fresh it's frozen. The drinks are good but not worth the price. Just juice at home or go to a neighborhood market. Rip . off.  Thief People Up In There. I really like this Jamba Juice I work nearby and eat here all the time.. The service is great the store is clean and they always make my order promptly. The prices have gone up but hey such is life.  spot on. I usually go for the ""greens smoothies"" Pleasantly surprised that they were open at 7 am on Memorial Day   but the wait time is minimal.  I had there Acai smoothie and a flat bread yesterday.  Both were good.  The only thing is the called me Jud instead of Judy for my order.  That's okay.  They have a frequent juicer points program also."  but the Orange carrot karma is my Shit. Acai bowls are also pretty good. I will always wish it was a little cheaper "I must start out by saying I have only had the juices and smoothies (Which are AMAZING). That being said I absolutely love this place. Their staff are nice and ask if you have any questions. In fact yesterday when I ordered it was checking in on Facebook and wasn't paying attention Rum Raisin!! ....'Nuf said!!!  ;-) Large Hot Coffee for only $1" I could go on and on...lolz."  especially in the summer. This one was being slammed with one person behind the counter. We were served in good time Mojo is wonderful but my FAV yogurt is Haagen Daz at the biltmore. But they only have 2 flavors: sugar free chocolate and vanilla. Thank god their chocolates are terrible because I have no willpower and since I live across the street: I would gain 10 pounds a week if their chocolates were as good as their ice cream and yogurt!!  I like getting my Haagen Dazs not out of a carton in the grocery store." It's expensive but it's sure delicious Great place to just go for desserts.  I would suggest you inform your employee he should endeavor to adjust his attitude towards paying customers if he intends to continue working with the public. Honestly I'm not sure what to make of the attached ""KC Fine Belgian Chocolates"" shop/case though..." Drop the $5 and get a smoothie from Jamba.   Jambo means hello Very clean place with limited seating. Music was loud  good smoothie.  Just loud."  it probably helped that they weren't busy but it was a very nice experience that pretty much paved the way for an awesome day.  And I really can't complain about the smoothies there If you really want a much better smoothie go to Robeks on the NE corner of 16th and Camelback "This was my first destination every morning for about 2 months straight in summer 2010!  Sucker for the Pomagranite Pick Me Up The staff is always so friendly here. Very quick and a great way to distract yourself while waiting for the Verizon next door to call your name!  so I can get out the door & on with my life." Oh and fun seat dancing music while you wait."  I'm addicted to jamba  juice all over again =D the staff is nice and I just love it. Probably be back tomorrow  but you will not disappointed! Workers are always friendly and smoothies are always top-notch. I think this is partly because this is the ""model"" or ""training"" facility for other Jamba Juices in the area. Go here!"  great smoothies every single time!"  so it is easy for me to compare them all... and this is the one of the more reliable and consistent locations in the Phoenix area!  Seriously The smoothies are good. As fresh tasting as Robeks? No. But since the location closed down (which makes me sad as me thinks the chain isn't doing as well as I would think it would be) this is the next best thing and it ain't that bad! I'll check back in once I've had more of their other options like the fruit only smoothies as well as the veggie/fruit smoothies." If you haven't already be sure to ""Go Jamba!"""  I always have a good/quick experience with a delicious smoothie."  I have ordered a topper (different types mind you) and each time I get them they are runny and inedible with a spoon so I usually end up drinking this runny Apple n greens is pretty darn tasty. Always good.  Love the consistent results and customer service.  I'm fan. Love this place . good healthy food. Great service great drinks. This is very clean too. Keeping it from a 5 star was the lack of a clear choice of a low carb or low sugar smoothie - menu nutritionals are confusing." Horrible. Don't go to this location. They don't follow the parent company's lead.  stay away from here and go somewhere else.  You'll have a headache by the time you get out of the store." aeRyndix1wheBlff2FBsMg  cleaning products and dirty mops really turned me off. I seriously love Jamba Juice but I'm not excited to visit one anytime soon since I had the same experience two separate instances in two separate locations. :(" You'll be disappointed with the lack of respect the employees give you." This is our usual destination for an after school snack. And today was no exception. However. They were having some trouble with their systems. They also had some issues with the iPhone payment. So I just told them it was ok and not to worry. But they gave my daughter and I our drinks anyways. Amazing customer service. It always is. Great staff there. I'll keep coming back. Besides that I love Jamba juice!  so I'm always asking for substitutions and things to be removed.  Darian and Brenda were more than accommodating.  I had some issues with my rewards I go here once and a while and have one for lunch. I have tried different ones. There are all great. Great service too.  and when there is someone in front of me who asks a bunch of questions and can't decide what they will have.. Drives me bananas! I perhaps need to work on my patience or use the app that I see they now offer to order ahead! I'll give that a try next time :)  and since you have read this far Jamba Juice is yummy and still pretty healthy.  I got the acas super antioxiadant drink and a shot of wheat grass.  I love the wheat grass and the smoothie was very good. I would highly recommend this to others.  but what the hell.  This is the closest one to me and is on the way to work.  I will stop by on occasion to grab a quick smoothie before work.  They are consistent each and every time I go in.  The kids that work there are actually friendly and personable.  Unlike a lot of places that hire the younger people in the workforce.  This place is OK with me.  The parking lot leaves a little to be desired.  You can only go right or you can wait an interminable amount of time to go left out of the other entrance/exit.  You will also be risking your life by doing so."  the quality of the product and the service has remained high. The fruits and vegetables are of a consistently high quality and new flavors and combinations are popping up on a regular basis. This is one of the best locations in the valley and if you're lucky enough to show up ten minutes before closing you might even get a free treat. Keep up the good work and happy holidays!" "Love this Jamba Juice.  The bo-go coupons come through so often that it makes it tough to go there without one.  I have to modify my order to make it dairy.  Pet peeve- it's ""sherbet"" Jamba Juice always does great! The store is always extremely clean and employees are very courteous. "Super friendly staff providing delicious drink and food options. I'm always greeted with a smile. This Jamba Juice is consistent with all the others. Same decor 9hFIqqQNtxlV2dpNyNXnNw They deserve one star ! Yup that's right. The staff is plain rude here. It's like they don't believe you have legit coupons off your phone that they have to check three time. One of the ladies can't even say hi. Never going to this location Again !  who had to stop talking to friends that were hanging out at the counter when we arrived. I'm glad we could see the drinks being prepared because I was concerned we might have ended up with a little something extra for the trouble. All we did was order. Fortunately the smoothies were great Tried to grab a Jamba before work so I got there at 0630 as their posted store hours on their door say. Still waiting for them to open and the employee inside has magically dissapeared to the back room. Dissapointed they cant open on time. Fast service ..they are pricier than I remember but delicious none the less!  Michael is fast and awesome.  Thanks man! "Who doesn't like a fruit smoothie? They make healthy taste good! They are quick This store is clean and the staff is pleasant. We like to stop in when treating ourselves to Einstein Bagels next door."  why not. It will only make me friskier Smoothie King. What? A shot of triple Vitamin C. Bring it your majesty. I shall have increased stamina. And while your at it The other major problem was the price...a small cost about 5.00 for my malt and the smoothie was close to 4 bucks. You can get a large one for that price at Jamba Juice and while the products at Smoothie King are all-natural that is still expensive. So if you want a decent smoothie for the price go to Jamba Juice...if you want all natural  Blendz during high school and Juice It Up throughout college and post grad. While almost any smoothie can make me a happy camper I would prefer Smoothie King if possible. While it is a bit pricey I enjoy the texture of smoothies here more than others. Jamba smoothies are icier than I'd like and Juice It Up is more creamy. Smoothie King is more about the fruit and that's particularly refreshing. Each time I have gone the service has been great and we watched our smoothies being made with no problems or concerns."  I definitely don't taste the quality or see the justification in charging an arm and a leg."  ""Cranberry Cooler"" or ""Immune Builder"" but they don't list what is in these smoothies.    You have to look at a ""to-go"" menu to have the smoothie ingredients explained.   I asked the older man what was in the ""electrolyte mix"" (as this was listed as part of the ingredients in a smoothie I was considering)  his answer to me was ""ARE YOU KIDDING?""   ""You have electrolytes in your body.  They are minerals""    I have no idea why I even continued with my order after this rude treatment.   Anyway The guys working here seemed very bothered I wanted to purchase a smoothie.  Very unfriendly!!  and it was delicious. Will be back again next time I'm in town for sure!" I have contacted what I presume is Smoothie King management (Greg) about this as well." I look forward to the days I get my Angel Food smoothie with no turbinado. Ever since I started drinking smoothie king I am unable to really enjoy jamba juice smoothies. Right up my alley.  he has made uncomfortable remarks and he was VERY unproffessional. He would stand and talk to me for hours and I CANNOT deal with that when I have obligations to address on a daily basis. This made me dread coming into Smoothie king. Overall this place is trash IPmktV4dkAw1jpHZRi5mVw Great smoothies. Lots of options - almost too many to make a decision. But very tasty and great protein options. I have been a long time patron of smoothie king and I have to say this one is by far the worst one that I have ever been to.  The service was horrible and the drink that I ordered (Gladiator) was not made correctly.  I would not visit this location ever again and I would not suggest that it to anyone either.  so I figured I'd give this place a shot.  All I can say is yuck! The smoothie tasted horrible - a very distinctive chemical taste and watery. I won't be back." "The workers decided to start closing 30 minutes before that actual closing time. One girl was mopping and one girl was in the back stocking. There was a line of 7 people waiting in line. A total of 15 minutes went by before I was even address (mind you I was first in line). I was addressed only due to me asking them if they were going to help us & if they noticed we were standing there. I recommend you going 1 hour after they open & 1 hour before they close  each time skipping the ""boost"" add in because it adds another dollar. The boosts are vitamins or protein blends to add more nutrition. I was pleased with the flavor and texture Excellent service every time. The owner is their often and he keeps things running very well. I've been to other locations and the service was not this good. Very friendly staff. I go all the time. The smoothies are great too and you get good value for your $$" This is a great place to get a cool refreshing smoothie. The customer service is awesome. I was greeted fast with a smiling face. It's a great place to go for a pre or post workout smoothie or even just a quick cool drink for these warm Arizona days. I will be coming back. Cons: They said they are open on Sunday's (on their door sign and here on Yelp) at 9:00am however when I went there 9:32am they were not there. False hours. Drove 15mins so wasted my damn time. Also Overall drink was good but the price is on the expensive side." excellent customer service! I went in my first time and the women working was so nice and gave me so many excellent suggestions. they were super friendly and very fast!! I highly recommend!  but my man Greg gave me a free smoothie coupon to try and i hate to say it but theres no lookin back now ! Ive tried a lot of different smoothies and shakes but my go to is ""the hulk"" but aside from the life changing flavor the staff is fantastic excellent customer service! I went in my first time and the women working was so nice and gave me so many excellent suggestions. they were super friendly and very fast!! I highly recommend This place has apparently been open for 20ish years. My first visit was this morning. I stopped in on my way to the gym for a pre-workout drink to go. The lady behind the counter was the best. Knowledgable on all products I expressed interest in. Smoothies can be made as sweet or as clean as you want them to be. Prices on everything run from average to some really great discounts. I will definitely be visiting again. Great nutritious smoothies  power peanut butter and even a variety of healthy nut and trail mix combinations. The place really lives up to the name ""One Stop"" because if your trying to make health conscious choices it is the only stop you need to make. One stop earns 5 stars from me because in my extensive search for fast and healthy meal solutions I haven't found anything like it. Anytime a business can satisfy an unfulfilled need and do it fast and at reasonable cost it will get 5 stars from me. One Stop hits all those marks and they just earned a repeat customer." Very quick and helpful. The gal who usually makes my smoothies is kind and knows her stuff! They also have almond milk upon request :) Other items (besides smoothies) a little lover priced but I will only come here if I need a great after workout protein shake!! "I was nervous going in the first time...... Kinda like not knowing how to order at Starbucks for the first time. The girl working the counter ( Jamie) was on top of her game. Nice """pb and j in a cup. 60g of protein and load up on your bars and supps."" Haha I sound like a meat head. Actually really good stuff for guys trying to add some weight. Haven't found a good one for the lady yet.  Maybe we will go with strawberry-banana yogurt style. That's a sure fire right? Really clean and has a cool bar top too." I just went into the shop hoping to get a delicious shake when I was approached by my employee telling me that shakes don't help his bonus. Saying he wasn't available to make a shake for me even though the store is clearly open. Once I got the shake it was extremely warm. Very disappointed in the customer service I had. Will not be going back to this store. If I do it will not be with this employee. Wasn't a good experience by any means. 