Vasta went down hill since the 90's....... They need to attract a different kind of crowd They need to change things up a lot.......  If you want any idea's hit me up I could give your business many ideas how to flip your business around. Hit me up tiffanyshousekeeping@yahoo.com I've been coming hear regularly since I moved to dormont last year and haven't seen any of the issues with a rough crowd the other reviews have spoken of. I've always had great service and there drinks are cheep. Especially the pens game pitchers.  I don't want to tell you that this Irish Pub is quickly one of my favorites in the Valley. But "A great place to just hang out and enjoy the company of friends.  I've been here many times to listen to their open blues night and have always enjoyed myself.  They've got pools  but i've never seen it actually get made. or eaten." Cowboy was the coolest part. That man has found the secret to life." If it weren't for a terrible headache I would have probably closed this place down.  It was a fun visit that's fo' sho'!"  and Cowboy was on the top of his game (a sagacious old fool whose coolness rivaled the marlboro man) spinning his cowboy hat in the parking lot like a whirling dervish. cowboy had a wisdom and charm that is unmatched. As the night dragged on and the songs became more desperate  and we had a great time.  I live fairly close to this place and will likely be back." Biggest crown on the rocks I have ever had.....ever.  The lady bartender who's name I cant remember was awesome.  It was a tuesday night and was kinda dead but I still had a great time. This place was really awesome and I can see myself making this a hang out when I want to grab a drink close to home."  and it was even better.  It's a very laid back small bar and as someone said before they do have the wii in the corner that you can play on (how awesome is that)!  Drinks were cheap and the bartender was super sweet (April).  Good music selection and it doesnt get too crowded.  Everyone should definately check this place out =)"  bartenders here know how to pour a drink & are very easy on the eyes. Great place to hang for a few after work. A+++" Cool dive bar.  Friendly bartender that remembered me and my drink from years ago at another bar.  They let me park my Harley on the sidewalk too. "This is my favorite hole in the wall neighborhood bar.  Whether I wear my suit and tie E-_PkZNDuYxW1zs4XFlVmw Bartender was awesome in dealing with a drunk patron....I would have beat his #*$( for what he was saying but she was smooth." This was about what I expected! Fun place for sure. Nothing that really makes it stand out per sey I've been here a few times and each time was fun. The drinks are cheap and the bartenders are friendly.  Good neighborhood bar where you can drink cold beer and meet new people. Casual atmosphere and relaxing.  Can't say I'm a regular but I'm working on it. Drinks are cheap and the crowd are all locals. Not attitude to be found here. I popped in on a week day so I'm keen to come back and see how it is on weekends." "Debbie Wouldn't serve a 100 percent combat veteran because I had a interim license from California. I had wallet last week in ocean beach  but probably not after that. Plenty of other bars to go to." "Best dive bar in the neighborhood. Debbie and Taylor are the funnest bartenders you're going to find in the area. It's a dive bar "One of my dive  fav spots in PHX. Big  thanks Debbie we won't be back. Is this a strip club or local bar."  super loud music and drug addicts in the parking lote.. THIS PLACE IS FOR YOU." I recently went in to this bar with a bunch of my friends...I met a guy who knew my husband and the next day my husband saw this friend and said hey did your wife get a free round of drinks for her group? I said no and he said well he gave the bartender danny 40 dollars to buy us around and we never received it....she stole the money! Shame on her! The owner was told and did nothing....danny stole and they didn't care! Be aware! 