 they told me they could alter 2 pair of pants that I brought. I also had a vest that they said they would not alter. They told me they ""didn't have time for that.""" "Don't allow the first review to stray you away from this wonderful business. I have utilized this services on 10+ occasions and my expectations have been more the exceeded each time. The staff here are incredibly kind and make you want to come back. I have only used this service for shoe repair cleaning "This place is the best tailor and shoe repair in Charlotte.   When I purchase a suit I always have it finished here No stars off for that. Take your items here."  more so since the Orange and its kin moved into the neighborhood. They have quality products and are professionally competent "Yep. David B. Once again the wise sage atop Mount Yelp. I called another locksmith who never returned my call. I called Stagecoach and they said they could help me tomorrow. That's cool. I had a safe in my office and the batteries died and I was unable to open the safe. But you have to open the safe to put in new batteries. Suckky I know! Stagecoach called back and said they can be here in an hour. YEE HAW! Stagecoach to the rescue. I expected a horse and buggy with a rugged Michael Landon (post bed wetting problem raymond at stagecoach was awsome i brought 7 commercial locks in and they had them done in an hour and 1/2.its great to have people that will try to help when there are busy thanks guys... "Very pleased with these guys!  Locked ourselves out of the house & gave them a call.  They are just down the street so they arrived within 5 minutes of the call. He had us back in our house in no time.  The locksmith that helped us out was very polite and knowledgeable.  He even showed us we have a programmable doorknob "The man that did my locks was extremely unpleasant.   He acted like he did not want to be there and talked to me like I was stupid.  I can't stand that people that are that mean n miserable are dealing with the public.   There was another man that I got the time before who was very personable and really sweet.  So he's great.  But this guy working nights that's on call  Great place. Has been here forever. They always cut a good key. Cant say that for ACE or Home Depot.  and they were able to help me out and get me back on the road!  Thank you for the help!" "Had an emergency & would not give me time of day. Used in past but would never 