 I think.  The staff is super helpful and will go out of their way to help you.  Look for their All-Clad ""seconds"" sales.  This is when All-Clad merchandise is on sale that has minor (and I mean minor) defects.  You can get top notch pots and pans at half the price.  We stocked our kitchen with them and they are amazing.  It's the kind of deal where maybe there is a scratch on them There were 18 people in our class and we were in the demonstration kitchen. We learned how to roll three different types of sushi It's top of the line cookware so it has top of the line prices. But well worth it!"  but you'll feel extremely cheated at the end." EiKoZpEcjG1B_r8G9laAxg "Can you give a company zero stars?  This place makes you feel unwelcome and dumb.  The staff is judgmental and assigns you tasks solely based on their reaction to you.  Aka  and other gadgets.  Everything in the store is brand-new but has a retro feel to it.  It's much more fun to browse through than Pottery Barn!  Right on IzRwj5F_3h0oIC3SIdrOEA IzRwj5F_3h0oIC3SIdrOEA The NEW look of Restoration Hardware is Big and very masculine!  Looks like a Movie Set - in a good way! The only upside is that from the reviews I've read online about the actual quality of their products "I have bought several things from this store. I've also ordered a lot from RH online. I went in a few weeks ago to order a bench to match my bed. I was disappointed that they can't ship smaller items to the store to avoid shipping charges. Other furniture stores like Pottery Barn have this option. Overall I love RH and their products Adding another two stars! My husband and I were really pleased with the customer service during our last trip to RH. We were greeted promptly by Gregory and he helped us throughout our entire purchase. He helped us to choose the right colors and products that we were going back and forth between. He was incredibly insightful. I'm not a designer and have trouble visualizing the products in my home. It can be overwhelming. I'm spending a lot of money here and I want to know what I'm choosing will look wonderful in my home! We will definitely be asking for Gregory next time we buy more furniture from RH because he designed and imagined things with us and made us feel comfortable with our ideas. His suggestions were on point and he steered us in the right direction!  I have been brought to tears and all I have gotten is a smug and condescending attitude. When I complained to one of the online managers and explained my disappointment with he had no sensitivity to all I have been through and at one point even tried to point the finger back at me. At one point told him I would be telling everyone I came in contact with and the internet media how horrible my experience has been "Absolutely terrible customer service.  Walked in and no one never said hello.  Proceeded to look around and then had a sales rep walk right by me and still I was not greeted.  Then once I needed some help I walked up to the counter and stood there for several mins before someone finally said do you need some help.  Once they answered my questions they said you welcome (following my thank you) and that was it... Not even a have a nice day once I left.  Would have been nice to have followed with ""let me know if you need help with anything else"". I felt very neglected and will not be shopping directly at this store again!!!  I've worked over 12 years of retail and this is not how its done.  Good thing I wasn't a secret shopper." I truly loved coming here right after grabbing some coffee or water from Dean & Deluca and just hanging out I have since been to the store twice and the service is on point and I am looking forward to my upcoming meeting to discuss my ideas."  ask a representative (because they will rarely approach you) which color is the cheapest and will get to you the quickest if you don't wish to wait. Lucky for us Open up a little! Offer some organization and breathing room. I would have returned the sheets  and they have a lot of mix and matchable themes." Convenient location but I have found that the thread count is too low on many of their products.  This place is jam packed from floor to almost ceiling with just about all sorts of linens you could want. I love the sales here as well. "I want to thank the wonderful employees of this store.  Michelle called around and found just what I wanted .  She said it would be 1 to 2 weeks before it would arrive  I like Anna's. I do wish they had a larger selection. The staff could stand to be a bit more friendly. Sad to hear they are going out of business." 