 this place isn't all to shabby for sushi. we used to trek here from CMU to get a taste of good but decently priced sushi. i'd definitely recommend it. the wait staff are super nice too. and it's never too difficult to find parking in the neighborhood."  but there is a large variety.  And the experience is really fun if you have never tried it before.  At first we were a little worried that we might not cook the meat enough since they pretty much turn the stove at your table on and leave you to your own devices The BBQ is a great deal and though not the best I've ever had. It may be the only Korean BBQ grill place in the city. The staff is quite attentive and is pretty good about replacing the grills. I would prefer a different sahm-jang and more variety in the non-BBQ items in the buffet. The BBQ is great for groups and seats 4 people for each grill."  but Mr. Kim said it wasn't as fresh as he'd like to serve.  My favorite is  white tuna.   The Miso soup is actually surprisingly good.  I really like the location of the restaurant and all of the servers are well trained.  Sit at the sushi bar where you can see the artists at work.  Also  they would not smell it and insisted that their rice was always good and that they cook 5 batches a day.  I would've had a good time there except for the spoiled rice.  My friend got a bowl of good rice I was not a fan of the food at all and would not recommend it to anyone."  I don't know of anywhere else like it.  and I'm in love."  and the kalbi is pretty good. The service is pretty good as well."  and thus great for large groups of people. Just don't expect fantastic Korean BBQ."  I'd like to go back for the BBQ or sushi and hopefully have a 4 star experience."  and octopus. I love their sushi rice which is a bit sweet. I usually order their bi bim bap (mixed vegetables with rice) which is always good. I also got their dae goo mah one tang (spicy fish soup) which was full of fish and tofu. The broth was very tasty and not too spicy."  but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so."  I rarely encounter a place (in the Bay Area) that has the same quality of tofu stew - and we have a ""k-town"" here!" "Went here for the first time -- had the 14 piece sushi platter.  Although the presentation wasn't flawless and sadly our bill came out to be way too much for a regular sushi dinner. after tax and tip  so that sums up the authenticity factor. Nice big restaurant This place was mediocre at best. Not impressed.  it's gross too! I think I kept going back because the size of the rolls are humongous. The thing is the fish does NOT taste fresh at all! It's always luke warm and....just.not.good. Oh well  however it was the one of the only Sushi option downtown before Penn Aveune Fish Company opened.  The service general tend to slow.  The Korean food was fairly good  it was undercooked and cold. I had to stop eating their sushi in fear I would be sick for work in the morning. Texture and temperature of the fish scared me. Save yourself pain and throw your money out the window. Only plus side was their friendliness in service." Sushi Kim Restaurant was awesome the food and service were top notch. If you are in Pittsburgh and are looking for great food stop here.  A++++. Try the Korean Short Ribs.  not worth it.  Maybe I will be able to sneak down there some night.  I'll just tell the wife I am going to a strip club.  She gets really torqued off when I eat out and I don't take her..." Just want to voice some dissent to all the negative reviews. I think this is some of the best sushi in Pittsburgh for the price. You can always get a table and the fish is really good. The best thing to get is a combo platter and then ask for no squid or octopus. They will really hook it up. I've never really gotten any of the rolls. I did have some of the korean food and was very underwhelmed. The short ribs are pretty sub-par and if you get the spicy fish salad I think they use almost spoiled raw fish and try to mask the flavor with the spicy sauce. However  hence I know what the Korean foods should be. They are too pricy as well. Their foods are not that  tasteful. I understand that why there were so few Koreans in this place and my Korean friends don't wanna go this place. In addition Absolutely the worst sushi my husband and I have ever had.  It was Gross!!! I don't know why they use so much rice or why the fish wasn't cold.  You couldn't pay me to go back to this place! An ok place to visit if you are on Penn Ave. I would like to compare to other japanese korean places in the area."  small portions and a bit overpriced.  I was thinking of coming back to try to sushi My order is usually ready in 15 minutes and the service is friendly. I've eaten in several times as well Let's just say that I am super impressed :)" "I met a friend here for lunch last Sunday because we wanted sushi and thought it was the only sushi place open in the Strip. Also I would rather take the trip to Korea Garden down near Atwood street."  and prices of other sushi options in Pgh I think Sushi Kim is among the best.  The service is always excellent and quick.  I'm always surprised (and a bit sad) the place isn't more crowded.  On the bright side though there's never a wait for a table or your meal.  The portions are large and the prices are fair.  My ""go tos"" are the spicy tuna and spicy spider rolls.  My girlfriend and I have been here several times and never been dissapointed.  Highly recommend." "I have been going to Sushi Kim for about 15 years. While some of the more harder to find items are not on the menu (abalone  I am slightly bias because I am Korean but its great food. It's def more on the pricey side I would say compared to most Korean places. I always order the fried pork dumplings and beef bolgolgi. It's obviously cheaper during lunch but I feel that the portions are rather small in the ""box"" your food comes in. I'm not impressed with their alcohol selection  but tasty.  Service is mediocre.  Ambiance is fun."  the reality is that we all had a lot of fun and enjoyed ourselves. But don't go thinking that you are going to have the culinary experience of your life."  there is not really a reason to frequent this place anymore. After a handful of visits based on reputation and the hope that this time might be better  if anyone asks me to recommend a good korean or a sushi place... you can say this will definitely not make the list." I'll reluctantly give 4 stars since I haven't actually been able to eat here in over a year (Maybe next time I'm coming to Pittsburgh I will call ahead and put in a reservation "I make it a point to walk down to suski Kim when I'm shopping in the strip district.  I love there sushi.  If you like hot make sure you get the after death roll with an habenero sauce.  It spicy but not going to kill you  a family-owned and operated restaurant that serves numerous traditional Korean dishes in addition to the sushi bar.  The Korean BBQ upstairs is a treat as well "I'm visiting Pittsburgh and I found this place online with several good reviews. It's a small family owned restaurant and had a very friendly staff. I found that there was a small number of specialty rolls that have a variety of ingredients and sauces  killer miso and seaweed salad - we'll be back."  spicy beef veggie soup I had with kim chee (I can't remember the names of everything). Great service too." My advice? Skip the sushi. Eat the BBQ."  the place was closed. We will be calling again today to get our money back. Maybe they will earn themselves another star if they do the right thing and refund our money." Their Korean food is good and the price isn't too bad (compared to other korean food restaurants in the area). Very spacious. They have sushi and Korean bbq there as well. Yum! Staff are friendly. Sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better. Otherwise this is a decent sushi place for a lunch once in a while. It was unbelievably good. It wasn't because I was really hungry. It was perfect. Every single bit of both meals was perfectly proportioned and seasoned. And the side dishes were GREAT except I really missed not having sweet potato and little omelet ban chan. I will cut out Dosani and Korean Kitchen as long as Sushi Kim keeps this up!"  so I just tried the sushi.  I might go back for the Korean BBQ."  would not recommend. Pricey and doesn't live up to it at all." Being Korean and my kids and I visit all the Korean restaurants when we are out of town.  Since my daughter goes to PITT we wanted to treat our daughter to Korean food.  My family including my wife who is non- Korean always order    and if this is how they want to represent Korean food to others they are doing disservice to our heritage.   was the worst I have ever had.  Their  had lettuce as one of mixing choices and their meat was hamburger meat?  Will not go back.  especially for the high prices. Their bibimbap doesn't even come with rice."  seaweed salad and beef bulgogi this place this place is five stars!!  Some of the best sushi in the Burgh." I've heard the BBQ dinner is very good!" One of my favorites in the Burgh for almost 20 years. I ordered the spicy chicken off of the lunch menu.  I believe is was L1......Numbered menu items.....Another tip.   My food was terrible.  The miso soup was horrid and old  which is not surprising if you're the only one in that place. As there are not too many Korean options in Pittsburgh I encourage you to try the Korean BBQ Very overpriced. I got a bim bap that was very bland and has to add tons of soy sauce." One person at our table got a Korean dish which came with 4 side dishes that were all vegetable except for the fish cakes.  She said her food tasted decent but the beef bul go gi dish she got just didn't look right or have the proper color it should have had.  Just liked kind of dry and plain.  When I went to the restroom I was disturbed to see trays of the Korean side dishes in the hallway just sitting out in the open not covered or anything!  It would be different if the restaurant were bustling but it was totally dead and pretty clear those wouldn't be eaten that evening (so I shudder to think that after hours sitting out uncovered unrefrigerated that they put them out again the next day and hoped someone would eat them...).  If you aren't that busy there is no reason things can't be prepared to order!  That is simply lazy.  Also I overheard part of a conversation between a waiter and a guy at the sushi bar about something being ""expired"" and what to do about that.  Unfortunately I couldn't hear all the details but it was disturbing since this was after we all had gotten our food already.  I mean it's good they are being mindful of expiration dates but it sounded like someone had to be schooled on it based on what I heard.  But granted that I only heard bits and pieces so I can't say for sure.  I don't think I'll go back here again."  but my friend told me to order from their main menu. The short ribs are to die for! Plus they have homemade kimchi which was very tasteful. I came to this place about 5-7 times since I moved here. Love the Korean BBQ! GREAT SERVICE OVERALL! Prices are a bit to high but is worth every penny! DEFF COMING BACK!"  make it hot and wash down with a bottle or two of ""SOJU"" and you can have the BEST KOREAN MEAL EVER - add the sides and have a meal to remember with great service. My fav is Pork Bulgoki and my husband's is Bi-Bim-Bap and they are always exactly the same  it deserves a standing ovation. I had a great time at Sushi Kim and would gladly recommend the Korean BBQ buffet special. Buffet price was a bit high though  I am being borderline nit-picky to dock a whole star from the rating. Regardless Tried this place based on reviews in local paper and friends. This place was awful. We asked questions of the server and ordered based on them. Neither was good.y friend said she cannot eat real spicy food and asked them to tone it down. Her meal was so hot she couldn't eat it.  Mine was just disappointing. The only thing I found good was the plain rice. I also thought it was extremely over priced. Will not return. Their menu is extensive and it may be hit or miss here depending on what you order.  I have always had a hit with their BulGoGi  it was pretty good and there was a descent selection. It was kinda of pricey though. 25 after tax. For the lower selection and high price that I'm used to  not the banchan right? So I think overall it's pretty good :)." I love sushi kim. The little owner always welcomes me with open arms. She is kind and always on top of providing good service. The owner watched the steeler game with my boyfriend and I while we ate our food. He joked with us and was very personable. The food is delicious and I always leave with a full stomach. The sushi is unique and beautifully plated. AND THE KIMCHI IS THE BEST IN PITTSBURGH HANDS DOWN. "One of the better Korean places in Pittsburgh. The service wasn't good at all dHDi4wCcjsOR6vcZ8oOIoA "Great service but the sashimi was bad. I'm not even kidding when I say I've had fresher sashimi  but that was it. Disappointed in that. The water I was served came in a plastic cup. What reason would a restaurant serve water in a plastic cup is beyond me. Not inspired to return I will give Sushi Kim another chance because I know others rave about it." Absolutely awesome! Best sushi in Pittsburgh!  I come here every year when I come on by for Anthrocon! We only went for Sushi and it just wasn't that good. The quality of the seaweed and rice were lacking. I really expected more for this place. Fresh fish though which is what counts the most ! -Not your typical yinzer" I don't think we will be back--glad we tried it because we heard so much about this place." Man... Really bad from start to finish. Service is slow and horrible. Sushi is not flavorful at all. The rice was some of the worst I have ever had. I honestly would rather eat day old gas station sushi than come here again.  seriously the friendliest people ever.  The fried tofu rolls are delicious."  especially if you live in the area. Since sushi happens to be a top 3 food for me I had to come here. The boyfriend enjoys sushi equally so we opted for the giant sushi boat that was filled with hopes and dreams. So much sushi I felt lost in the ocean. The quality of the rolls were good... The service was okay. I would eat here again." Would I try it again?  Yes...the BBQ was really good.  I just would remain a bit cautious." *my only complaint is that I wish they offered KBBQ on more days!!" I did try the sushi a few times and was a bit disappointed with the quality of it. Not bad but I have better in the strip." I can't speak to the beef bulgogi that my husband had but he seemed to enjoy it. I think it was nice restaurant overall." I don't eat raw fish but the people I was with liked it and I enjoyed the cooked food and California rolls. The service was really good and our waitress was super. Prices were good. Plan to return. The rolls were big and very filling. The presentation was decent and service was good... but I definitely won't return if I come back through Pittsburgh. I prefer a higher quality sushi and I've made better rolls at home."  and sushi all almost  fall apart....The hea mool jun gol was seafood with instant noodle soup... So disappointed."  but the menu looked good. They also have all you can eat Korean BBQ on the weekends for lunch." I had my beer and that's all that mattered." I still felt like I needed to be rolled out of the restaurant though since we filled up on the meats. And I'd come back whenever I'm in Pittsburgh again." I might have scoffed at my little sister for going to school in a sketchy place like Pittsburgh Soba's wine and whiskey selection is extensive--10 pages for wine The bar area is fun and definitely a place for young professionals out for a drink  and seem only too happy to make room for you.  Popped in here only for a nightcap after our lousy Taco Bellesque dinner at the Shady Grove and it was the highlight of the evening.  I've been coming here off and on for years This was one of my favorite restaurants while working in Pittsburgh.  The decor is incredibly sexy and the food is delicious.  I don't think we ordered one bad thing. "THE place that I went for a nice conversation + cocktail combo in the 'burgh. Great atmosphere  fun crowd.  I would definitely like to go back again and try the food." My favorite of all the Big Burrito places..."  and all of the flavors are very good.  Attentive (but not at all annoying) service with friendly waitstaff The food is fabulous and the atmosphere in the dining area is anything but crowded.  Multiple floors and an outside deck gives you a number of choices on where to eat." A great way to spend the night.  Loved the seafood salad with soba noodles.   Asian cloppino and the filet have never disappointed.  Would love to try everything on the menu.  but not so rave-worthy as other reviews might imply except in comparison to the other offerings in Pittsburgh. Food was good but IIRC All in all a very special evening. Everything was wonderfully presented and service was very good.  I have to agree with the readers of Pittsburgh mag." This is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh!  The corn chowder and filet are winners! The service is always top notch and the bar scene is great! "This is an outstanding restaurant that we would frequent more often if doing so did not require payment of a $50 surcharge (for babysitting).  I particularly enjoy things such as the tuna tartare  but would appreciate maybe one more vegetarian entree to give diners a choice.  Also  SOBA should've been much better.  I would've given SOBA two stars  white linens and really comfortable chairs with some bench seating on the sides and four tops scattered about.  The ceilings are very high and there is a staircase in the middle of the room.  The top floor has very nice wood floors and a small wood bar.  The lighting is intimate and flattering.  The bar itself is pretty large with bench seating on the sides and nice comfy leather chairs for lounging.  I believe the doors open up to the sidewalk in the summer.  The service is always adequate this place is to DIE for! looooved the food and overall atmosphere. very kind weight staff.  and I didn't like all of the flavors overpowering each other. The ambience is really nice  and this place is just not it." We'll have to come back for drinks and dessert one day."  especially if entertaining out-of-towners."  service and decor. Now if they could just do something about all the pretentious people who flood the place..." I'm not totally sold on the originality of the menu  now I understand the hype!  I loved what I had ordered.  The Thai corn chowder is awesome -so flavorful.  The flat bread with hummus - delicious (the hummus had a citrus taste to it).  The avocado maki roll was also great.  Service was excellent.  We sat outside on the balcony - beautiful and comfortable."  our car was broken into in the parking lot and my friend's laptop was stolen and his window broken.  I told the bartender just in case the employees park there as well.  He was genuinely sympathetic but not entirely surprised.  Based on what the police officer said There's a parking lot available right next to the restaurant but spaces are limited. Street parking around the neighborhood shouldn't be too hard to find too." 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA Any who...this place has a high end warm feeling. Menu had alot to choose from in the way of Asian fusion. We tried the calamari which was good. Chopped salad was refreshing but not everyone at the table liked it. I had scallops - large and well cooked. Dessert was show only. The cashew terrine was so so. I would love to try more of the small plates. I felt the entire place was good enough to visit again."  he didn't ruin the meal and I can't wait to go back and have good service so I can rate this place the 5 stars it deserves!" 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  so be careful you don't order too much food. The tuna is one of the better items on the menu. Lobster maki is not great. Chocolate maki is the right choice for those with a sweet tooth. Service is the best feature of this restaurant. The bartenders are attentive. The clientle is generally upscale--you can always find a few profs from CMU to chat with at the bar."  but I have a special soft spot for the perennial chocolate maki." Went to Soba at the recommendation of a friend from San Diego.  Soba is a very upscale hipster restaurant that could hold it's own in any city in America.  I had the mussels appetizer for dinner--it's a fairly substantial bowl with about 20 black-lipped mussels in a green curry (?) sauce with dried (small) soba noodles and some yummy vegetables.  Can't say enough good things.  Oh  this restaurant features excellent food. Sat at the bar and enjoyed wine  we decided on two. We had the cream brulee and dark chocolate mousse maki. Both were ridiculously scrumptious." The interior itself was dimly lit and had a modern Asian vibe.  The wait staff was also very friendly and made some great recommendations.  If I'm ever back in PIT  but even restaurants in San Francisco and NYC don't charge this much for such a dish.  The Bronzini dish is always excellent and they try to add a few other tasty specials in from time to time... but in my opinion the menu doesn't change too often.  It's a good place to go when you want to get exactly what you want... meaning We were very pleased with our experience at Soba and it made a great anniversary dinner." This place loses 1 star because I can't afford to go here as much as I'd like." For non vegetarians the chefs tasting options they have every once in a while are amazing!!" Another one was the banana split. It has two banana halves covered by crispy sugar coating Great place to bring a date or come with a buddy to get a drink and an appetizer before heading out on the town."  much prefer UMI and can't wait until Mr. Shu get's back from vacation. I probably won't be back to Soba  you won't find a better option.  But if you want something truly original "So underwhelming. I've been here a few times and have always been disappointed. Last night the service was especially lackluster. And the kitchen closed and 10  and our server was pleasant but didn't hover.  The food's delicious--just order carefully if you've dined at another Big Burrito restaurant not too long ago  and were not disappointed.  They have an extensive wine list (I had two generous glasses of angeline pinot noir) and a great-looking cocktail menu (I don't usually go for hard liquor but I found myself uncharacteristically indecisive with so many interesting-looking choices).  Pricey  but I don't think I'm experienced enough to judge its price vs. the food...I'm just a pretty broke college student who spends all of his expendable income on nice places like Soba." "I was here this past week while visiting. The food was superb. The seared tuna was amazing-the best I've had anywhere. The scallops were also excellent. Appetizers were delicious. The restaurant is beautiful  dessert (sorbet) but the main course I ordered: soba noodle was horrible. It was way to salty which overwhelmed all other flavours.  Normally I would give a place a second chance  Casbah and Umi: all of which are excellent restaurants!"  or your first date or just a classy restuarant for celebration then i would highly recommend this. just be aware that the food is a little pricey and can easily run up for more than $100 for just 3 people including drinks." Highly recommend the tasting menu." 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  but you always manage to screw up just enough to not make you a place I would brag about.  Tonight Speciality drinks were pretty outstanding too....thanks Soba!!" 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  but... once again forgettable. It's a nice and casual place to go but don't expect more."  and this time did not disappoint.  I had the mushroom and rice cake noodles and my friend had the seared tuna.  Both dishes were great "Last night was the first time I went to Soba and I LOVED it! My friends and I got some tables in the lounge area and it was the perfect setting for a quiet Saturday night catching up with friends. The whole place has such a great vibe  no competitors yet. The appetizers I have tried are very good. This is an upscale dining establishment so expect that the food will be as well. They have a small lot that is always packed so you may have to drive around on the small side streets to find parking. I think this is one of the best spots in the city for a date night!"  and everything from the sour pickle martini to the smoky mezcal was excellent. We had two drinks each I would recommend it for special occasions because it was pretty price  I have a crush on you.  Your perfectly-priced fine-dining scene makes me want to pull up stakes and move in with you." I look forward to a return visit."  and the atmosphere is upscale and intimate.  I'd stick with the dishes that are complex and unique.  Don't go here and get the pad thai.  But you won't be disappointed by the exotic offerings!"  but a little too much. I kept wanting chef Ramsey to walk in and make the dishes more simple.  The pork wrapped around sugar cane  I'd rather eat somewhere with a better price taste ratio."  unless you are  looking for your Mexican friend's grandma's cooking at Mad Mex. Soba is probably my fave BB restaurant (I haven't been to Umi yet). I love creative foods and drinks and Soba delivers here. It's about 17-item small plates list seems extensive If the food were at 2 3 to 3 4 of the price I'd give it three stars. As it is  but the food is great.  Nice atmosphere and it is fairly big.  We went on a Friday night and we were sitted immediately.  The service is fast and nice.  Definitely one of the places that I will visit again."  some of the best you will find in Pittsburgh My only quibble is that some menu items are pricey considering what they are - I mean  then take the money you would have spent here and reinvest it in a trip to SF or NYC and eat well for a week. How sad is that?  Don't go here... you pay $30 for an entree Soba has consistently delivered a solid menu and fine service over the years. Once on the cutting edge of Pittsburgh's nascent culinary scene  calamari and tuna. Beer always hits the spot for me. Calamari was delicious with a nice mayo sauce with a squirt of lime. The tuna was tender! My butter knife cut into it so easily. The side of kimchi was just okay and the abundance of hot sauce sauce was to much for me. Fried rice went well with everything and balanced the tuna and sauce out. We then ordered the coconut cashew brownie which was delicious too as suggested by the waitress. The portions were large imho and while the service was fantastic I just thought the food was priced a tad high for what was offered. Seems like Soba would be nice for a special occasion or just to have a nice dinner though."  but not unreasonable for the quality and atmosphere"  but a tad salty for my taste. Great ambiance!"  and my friend's red curry exhibited anemic spicing. Flaws in execution are similarly prevalent; my noodles and my friend's rice were too mushy. Such flaws didn't detract too heavily from the dining experience  this is just gross.  And to pay anywhere over $100 for gross (or even anywhere edging up to $100) is just a slap in the face.  It's time for Pittsburgh to get standards that are above ground.  A restaurant like just should be nowhere near your top 25."  spinach dumplings) and the pad thai entree. Both were fantastic as was the service. Love it!" "I went to Soba with some co-workers on a work trip to Pittsburgh. The wine selection was pretty impressive (there was something for every taste) and the food was good. Not the best pad thai I've ever eaten (pretty dry This is for sure an exquisite dining experience."  gourmet class! Loved the scallops with Korean rice noodles. Am hard to please with fusion The only time we ordered entrees was on NYE. We engaged in their pre-fixe menu for the holiday. I can't remember what we had For dessert we had the frozen cashew terrine which had chocolate ganahce Service was impeccable. Cool atmosphere in an up-and-coming neighborhood. Definitely an interesting Pan-Asian repertoire." "I recently visited Soba this past weekend on a trip to Pittsburgh and I have been dying to return ever since. I wish I could get it shipped here to NJ! The food was definitely some of the best food I have ever had. The drinks were all very interesting as well. Very tasty! We ordered an array of small plates to sample various different things. Each one was better than the next. The spicy tuna maki roll was OUT OF THIS WORLD! The tempura green beans were so delicious too! We sampled everything from soup to salad and Korean BBQ ribs. Everything delicious! We even left room for dessert which was equally amazing. My friend had the sesame ice cream with salted caramel. It sounded strange to me at first but it was so delicious. I had the chocolate make which was so beautifully prepared and delectable although extremely rich with the dark chocolate. Definitely something to share because of the richness  I highly recommend this place.  I think you'll enjoy it."  particularly when $6 during happy hour. You can't beat lavendar syrups and St Germain. I've had some great dishes - the corn soup and the pad thai- but some have flopped. The lamb stew I love this place. It is right across the street from my office.  Great food and drinks and the ambiance is sweet.  I think Soba is Pittsburgh's best place to eat and drink." I look forward to the next time I am back in Pittsburgh area and can return  it is 75 dollars.  Apparently the only Laphroaig they have is 30 years old and no longer being produced.  And is 50 dollars a glass.  Drinking Scotch in Pittsburgh has been fun so far."  which somehow manages to be both sleek and comfy. When it's summertime and you get one of the seats next to the large windows facing onto Ellesworth  but we'll probably give it a try again sometime." don't get the chicken ramen Overall I can't wait to return!  The service KR7R5PrrbMsLMsNcntHvAA first let down from (for me) from the big burrito group."  I think you can't really overlook the general saltiness of many of the dishes.  I'm curious to see if it was just a fluke night and might want to go back since the restaurant was recommended by  many of my friends but there are so many other good restaurants in Pittsburgh that I don't know if I will choose to dine there again any time soon." I only go on special occasions But FUN place to meet up with friend for drinks" I want to try every single drink. So let's begin..."  but sadly with no degree of satisfaction for our taste buds or stomachs."  and the atmosphere provided a good medium for a great conversation. Overall Love love love this place. They did an amazing job. Favorite place for happy hour. Amazing ambiance. VERY good food. Sat outside on the upstairs deck. It was raining and they had the deck covered with the awnings and it was sooooo peaceful. Absolutely love this place. tvATNVv3e6lUTNrzvsHlGw  too -- comfy seats and plenty of room for chatting. Whether you come here for a drink or a meal Hope to see you there."  but the wait staff was really slow. I'm guessing they need more in the area." I couldn't tell if they just are unhappy in their jobs or if they think they're top shit and should treat their clients like they don't belong 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  yet it still feels very cozy. The servers are always friendly and attentive and I've never had a bad experience here. Definitely a great ""special occasion"" or romantic restaurant." Excellent food. They did a great job with the renovation- the place is swank! The only person in my party who wasn't blown away by their food the last time I was here ordered the vegetarian curry option. It was just okay due to its lack of complexity and flavor. But "I been to Soba a few times and I love the food.  The appetizers are particularly wonderful  their mashed potatoes have an asian twist to them and are a little bit spicy! I like the atmosphere  and like to come to the bar for happy hour." Food was great too but I'm giving Soba 4 stars because nothing was super memorable. I'll definitely go back Went to Soba to celebrate my sons birthday. Quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price. We have eaten there several times in the past but not sure that we will be going back anytime soon.  especially the offer you can't refuse drink-I had two. The food is alright. I had the pork and shrimp fried rice. I've definitely had better thai food in other restaurants at a much lower price..but come for the atmosphere Also the valet took FOREVER though it's a tiny parking lot right outside the front door and the booth was freezing despite a heater hanging way too high and no door. Heat rises....I thought most people knew this."  I did not find it specatcular to warrant 5 stars.  Casbah is still our go-to restaurant in the Big Burrito group The bottom line for me is that I will definitely head back to Soba again in the future.  While this visit was not the best due to the beef tips (hence the four stars instead of the five stars I would have given on all previous visits) "My husband and I went here recently to celebrate his birthday. We decided on the crispy tofu and the four-course tasting menu they were offering for the Chinese New Year. Every single course The upstairs covered patio area is great in the summer time." I had the seafood hot pot and J had the pad thai.  The pad thai was perfection.  My hot pot left me a little confused.  It sounded like soup I'd definitely visit this restaurant again!"  the hotteok will change your life.  Excellent atmosphere and experience all around.  Get a desert!" We did not stay for dessert at this visit but in the past I have enjoyed the ice cream with cashew dessert. Soba is really so good. And it looks to beautiful." My favorite place in Pittsburgh! The crispy  tofu there is so amazing! My next best dish is the thakkali curry.. The drinks specially the Asian plum sangria is fantastic.. Love the ambience! It's like a place in New York. Good veggie options. The drinks and food are excellent -- I've only had 1 slightly bad food experience here out of probably 15 visits. During happy hour  so we splurged.  John had the terrine and I had the ice cream sandwich  but I do think it's completely reasonable.  They've got a great wine list and the service is always great."  and the ambience is great." "My worst dining experience while working in Pittsburgh. Up until tonight I've thought ""these are the nicest people I've met"" more than any other city I've worked in recently. Soba's staff has cured me of that. Food was good not great and my server acted as though my table of one was a bother even though I spent 60 bucks and ate within an hour with a 20% tip. My co workers were interested in checking this place out before we all head back to Los Angeles but I'll let them all know it's not worth a visit. Pittsburgh has some great restaurants but this is not one of them."  but she ate it. Turns out to have been the best dish." 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  I still felt completely ripped off paying $80 for the rest of the meal and a tip. I'd much rather go to Noodlehead and pay $20 for a much better meal next time." I wouldn't return to Soba it just does not offer enough for me to justify the cost and it looks like right now they are having trouble serving dinner on a saturday night." "I am new to Yelp - even though I haven't been to Soba in awhile it is my absolute favorite place to go for a nicer meal in Pittsburgh.  If I ever have the choice - the Seared Ahi Tuna with BBQ would be my last meal on earth.  The atmosphere  but I came here with family and still loved it. Upstairs patio was a bit muggy in the summer Phenomenal sushi! High quality and well worth the price. Would come again in a heartbeat.  although it was difficult to soak it up with the yummy pita that they served on the side. My guests both enjoyed their meals. We finished the evening up with a creme brulee. It was quite delicious although there was a very small piece of hard plastic that we found. We brought this to the servers attention. We greatly appreciated the dessert being removed from the bill "Food was okay. Service okay. A bit expensive for the quality of food served. Thai corn soup jumbo crab??? Good lucking finding a piece of crab meat.  Pad Thai at a fusion place? Not good at all...Better go to a real thai restaurant for pad Thai. Tandoori Salmon was average. I still don't understand why they served their fancy cream soda warm.  A cup given with no ice and a bottle of soda?  Why weren't their any ice in the glass? Who drinks sodas at room temperature. This restaurant maybe was trying to be too fancy and forgot the basics of ICE.  Maybe it is really just me who prefer cold sodas. Overall it is okay "Consistently outstanding and creative food served professionally in a great and even varied ambiance. What more could you ask for? Oh yes Really savory food and pleasant service in an atmosphere drowned in Massive Attack. That's Soba." It is expensive but very high quality and It's a great place to come alone We had an early reservation so we could make an early show.  My guess is that the kitchen hadn't quite ""gotten up to speed"" for the dinner rush yet.  Oh well.  I would still whole-heartedly recommend Soba The old fashioned was well-executed. Went back for a second. Can't speak for any of their other cocktails." This place does Asian Fusion well!"  this is the place to go. It's also a great place for a date or happy hour with colleagues clients. Happy eating!"  I can definitely say that Soba has great main dishes and desserts and I'm hoping I can find that golden appetizer next time I come here." 9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA Nice for a special occasion and with 2 $10 off entree holiday coupons it didn't break the bank."  though on my most recent visit my friend and I were disappointed that they did not have a Reisling available by the glass.  She opted for the Louis Latour Pinot Noir and I opted for the amber cider which was delicious.  We shared the Lobster Roll which was fantastic though I have noticed that the size of the individual rolls are now almost half the size they were from about 2-3 years ago however they are still absolutely delicious.  For dinner we both ordered the Pad Thai which is always delicious choice particularly if you love Pad Thai - I've never had a bad dish of it here at Soba.  If you love spicy food be sure to ask them to bring the spice trio of chili sauces with your meal.  Some of my other favorite items on the menu are: the crispy tofu - many times when I've dined alone in the lounge area I've ordered the crispy tofu and the seaweed salad - it's a nice light dinner option and probably the best tofu that I've eaten at a restaurant - great option for vegetarians.  The corn chowder has a bit of a kick to it  first to take out order and second well after we were finished to grab the bill. Hopefully we have a different server next time." Food is way over priced. Lobster tacos.... $14 for (2) tacos put together equalled 4 inches lol.... Sushi was very good tho..... Mule drinks $12 for 4oz .... This place is a rip off.... $80 for 2 people and had to go somewhere else to eat afterwards because we were still hungry. This is a show off place at best. Show off how much money you can waste in a night .  simply stunning. This time I sat solo at the bar for happy hour. You really can't beat $6 glasses of wine and cocktails. The Thai mule cocktail was so refreshing and smelled exactly like a delicious fragrant Thai dish. Please keep this cocktail on the menu for summer....this is the perfect summertime drink. Even though it is 15 degrees out  the others are extremely  great."  I am pleased with my experience at Soba and will most definitely be back.  The interior is intimate and dimly lit so it would be a perfect date night spot or Be careful about extra ordinary scents that can be unbearable to someone though I loved it." The food was delicious and the waiter was attentive and informative. Would definitely go back! Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh."  and I would recommend this place for a nice dinner. The actual restaurant has an spacious Not likely to return especially when the competition for novel and fun food is on the rise in the burgh!!" It's really pricey for the portions and quality. I might come back for a quick cocktail and app." I haven't given up on it here yet - and have high hopes that it's just a bump in the road."  excellent decision! I would recommend any of their desserts (we ordered the chocolate pretzel stack and we agreed it was in the top desserts of all time).  Will be back in the future!"  though. The chef even gave us an extra plate of salmon roll for the appetizer waiting time. The server suggested nigori sake (as we go sweet) and it was very nice. Amazing experience :-)"  tea leaf salad then moved to our main courses of pan tai and korean fried chicken.  It was all excellent !  for desert we split a bannana split.  In all with 3 glasses of wine and two cocktails added the total bill was $138 .  Which i thought was a bargain .  Will most definitely go back!"  twice food runners brought wrong food over.  Should be a little more seamless for the cost."  and I have never been disappointed.  I highly recommend eating the pad thai and washing that down with a fussy monk or  two.  Soba also has great happy hour specials. I highly recommend you visit Soba!" Overall was very pleased and will come back again." Good consistent meals.  Valet Parking.  The steak and the tuna is awesome!  Would definitely recommend.  was delicious. Now why did I give it 2 stars? Everything sounds great right? Wrong!! The server went out of her way to make us feel uncomfortable. Kept walking over to ask us if we wanted anything else (I ordered 2 drinks while my date got 1). She didn't leave us alone and didn't hide the fact that she wanted us to leave. What's the big idea. At the end she closed our bill early and said that we should tell her if we need anything else. That was our sign to leave. What a way to ruin an otherwise beautiful evening. So my advice to anyone coming to soba at around 6:30pm on a Tues is to watch out for Ashley. Hopefully it was just an off day for her  I had the tuna tartare with taro root chips. The tuna was evidently fresh and well seasoned and the taro root chips added a nice textural element. My mother had pad Thai  we did not order any super fancy dishes.  I don't know whose fault it was- the waiter or the kitchen or what but it was really really bad and I eat out all over the country all the time.  Worst service I've had in years and I'm a moderately tolerant fella.  Lost 3 stars for that.  Assuming the service was superb I'd give the food a 3 5.  Slightly above average.  I know this is supposed to be one of pittsburgh's best  and calamari were exceptional. But the Chilean sea bass was as good as it gets. I'm excited to go back to have the Chilean Sea Bass and the seared tuna. Perfection!"  I would come here again but definitely with my husband.  It's a great date venue but a little more hoity-toity and prissy dining solo (aka ""pretentious"") than I particularly cared for.  Thus  the calamari appetizer I ordered was great! And the vibe there is so chill with such a modern layout. The service is also wonderful. You can either do open seating in the really nice bar area I accidentally ordered delivery from here after spending a long night working. It was horrible. The fish was tough and the other dish was simply inedible. This place is far too expensive to be serving food poorly prepared."  for something I could get at my neighborhood thai joint for $12-14)."  and a beautiful (well stocked) bar.  The food and drink provided was well designed to represent some of the better tastes of the menu.  We chose a poor table  but on a trajectory. I have been happy nearly every time and have been here about a dozen times over the last year. Bar staff very attentive and good. My favorites are Bao buns  I'll make a meal from small plates with the sashimi and other fish offerings. The Chilean Sea Bass satay was unbelievably delicious.  It was seviche on a stick in chopstick friendly pieces. There was a subtle smoky flavor to the fish. The service in the bar and in the dining area was attentive and helpful in navigating the menu." "Kudos to Rachel C. and Yelp for having an Elite event SO GOOD that it brought me back to Soba almost immediately. I joined the fabulous Jonathan D. for a birthday dinner last night. At my suggestion When you feel as though you're going to an upscale restaurant you should know that they can at least cook the food properly  a great experience from start to finish from the moment we walked in to the moment we left. Valet is also nice as it is complimentary and tip is not required  but I'm still thinking about the crispy yet light shrimp that I couldn't stop eating. The soup was a welcome departure from most lackluster restaurant soups Well... The pad Thai was OK. Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap it was not. Baby puke with delicious beef? Hard to place it. Bizarre watery consistency. Shiitake was good too. Way too much hype for such underwhelming food. Service was so-so too.  Soba is a great place. Good food and drink. Just sit in the bar area."  I would definitely come back here for a drink.  Dinner is very far out of my budget here One thing I'd suggest would be for them to be informed as to where the fish is sourced from. I wanted to know where the tuna was from Veg Standpoint - From the start the ambience was great.  The food was huge portions so order less and order more if need be.  There are a few veg dishes which were nice but not amazing.  Still great place to go.  Good romantic dinner. The decor and ambiance in the dinning room was great. The lounge was beautiful and looked like a fun place to have cocktails with friends. We'll definitely be back." Spring Soba Noodle Salad is always so tasty and fresh. The atmosphere is relaxing with a lovely decor. Staff friendly and seem to enjoy working there. Soba serves amazing food- couple that with a great atmosphere  it's nice to sit on the covered patio. We always look forward to an occasion to come back here and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a romantic or just delicious evening!" Soba you are definitely on my favorite restaurant list and I recommend everyone to try it for themselves." appetizers were great!!! Entrees were just ok to be honest. Desserts were definitely good ate on the Deck great atmosphere. If you wanna check out Soba I would recommend it however it's not one of my regular go to restaurants." "We enjoyed our first visit to Soba yesterday.  On recommendations from a friend we be began dinner with the fried Tofu. Excellent! The lemongrass sauce completed the dish nicely. I had a Dark and Stormy cocktail with it. We ordered the duck and the black cod. Would recommend both. Our waiter was helpful and attentive. We sat on the upstairs patio. Beautiful evening  9SPwF-vRgtuHxciFxv5YLA  intimate restaurant with an elegant setting. Valet is very professional and the staff make guest feel welcome. I had the pad Thai. There was so much food and I was very satisfied. My girlfriend had the Long Island duck which was pretty tasty from the piece I had. It took a little long to come so they comped the wine and dessert. Plus it was her birthday so that helped. The server could have poured water more often."  my experience makes me give them a five stars. We had a party of three and we waited a very looooong time for our entree to come out. Everyone else had their food but us. So the manager came out and apologized for any inconvenience Aside from those issues...the four course meal was excellent." But to be fair the other people I was eating with loved their food.  I heard the tempura vegetables were great.  Unfortunatley my experience was just mediocre. Thats the way it goes though  because the portions are pretty hardy. $5 chicken teriyaki with big portion of rice and salad with a dressing consisting of vinegar and sugar? its not bad at all  well priced and chicken tempura and chicken teriyaki are tastey. this is my go to spot when i want something cheap and ""asian"""  fresh teriyaki lunch box. Downtown Charlotte." "Headed over during lunch time for their lunch special. Easily the best price for the food you get. Looks like only one lady was working so it took a bit of time QMX1ssofSveU3qhVAKLnXA Excellent food and good portions for the price. QMX1ssofSveU3qhVAKLnXA All in all a decent lunch option in Uptown."  but pretty much every little food joint in Latta is limited to what they can actually offer.  It is what it is - if you want a decent value hibachi for less than $7 The staff was also fast and friendly.  I would take this over the superyuppified trendy salad place" Very good value for the food. They give you a lot of meat for what you paid for. The teriyaki is really Korean Bul-gol-gi the new fried pork over rice is great!!!  more Korean. $6.50-$8 for a meal in uptown "I am not always a big fan of Arirang. Somehow I find that their food is kinda bland. But surprisingly there's lots of Koreans eating at this place. In fact  beef...all on one plate.  I'm getting hungry for some right now.  Too bad I'm two hours away...*sigh*"  but I've never been impressed by this place.  The only things I can say I definitely enjoy about this place is that 1. it's usually not too crowded "Although they don't provide the best customer service (none of the k- restaurant do)  we need to get with the times people. And I ask the girl at the front (who's spacing off) ""what's good here?"" She looks at me completely puzzled as if she's never been asked that question and shrugs looking at the specials saying ""here are the specials"". Um  and some Korean stir fry thing and they're all pretty good."  and it's better Korean food than I expected to find in such a small town.  A-OK - three stars - seems about right.  The food was a little bland  but subtracted a star for a surly owner and subtracted another star for crappy interior furnishings."  this is where I like to eat." "If you want Korean soup or fried rice  there were somen noodles in mine but the soup was deeply flavored and I was more than satisfied it. I can't wait to come back to IL to get another bowl of this soup Straight up best budaejigae on the planet. Good Korean restaurant and close to engineering labs.  gochu powder and gochujeon to mine to give it a little flavor. The owner was irritated as promised in other yelp reviews. The dining area was cramped and uninviting. I will definitely find another Korean place to go to in the future."  though rather pricey for a campustown restaurant in my opinion" Very good soup and fish dishes.  once I came to get food and saw them refilling the water dispenser with a tub that didn't look so sanitary...made me lose my appetite." like the Tofu soup and Kimchi fried rice Here! l I'm an easy going customer so the owner being not too friendly is not a big deal to me. In fact  from the broth-based dishes to the bibimbap to the bulgolgi meals. I think the omu rice here is pretty clutch too." It depends what dish you ordered. I personally recommend soup#18 budae-jigae. And the fried fish is also good. But it just takes a long time for your order if you dine in at the peak time.  but so worth the delicious food. Give it a try and fall in love with the spicy soups."  which sucks. And the food is very low quality in all the Korean restaurant. I have had. Donot come here in Uiuc!!!"  definitely can't go wrong if you are looking for a spicy noodle meat soup."  I am not likely to return -- There are definitely better Korean restaurant in the extreme vicinity."  I would highly recommend this place to anyone!"  but that's due to a language barrier and it's not fair to deduct any stars for that. There's also no waiter service Your meal comes with rice "Self service for cost effective. A lot of steam rice. good!!     Food is decent. Serving time is mediocre at best. Bibimbap sauce literally redeemed my meal. Price is somewhat higher than expected.  and a decent bowl of tofu soup. The mackerel can be dry at times though. The kimchi jjigae has a large portion and tastes good too." Waiting time is a little big long--it often takes more than 20 minutes" I tried out their Bibimbap and it was fairly average. Not much else to say here. It's your stand fare for around $10 if you're looking for Korean food to satiate your stomach's desires.  would not recommend to eat with families or close friends. Maybe for a quick lunch or dinner. The owner is very nice and the place is fairly clean." 