 I met a guy from my highschool there and we are best-o-friends still. (15yrs later) We were the only ones there that were not drunk  but in reality its just another stunt by the government to rob people of their money and time. Most everyone assigned to this program cant even afford it which puts them in a even worse situation. The goverment pulls this crap cuz they know they can and piss people off more which in turn makes most situations worse. For the people who can relate for getting in ""trouble"" for the smallest thing and have to at least pay $1 I went to a different facility where they are professional and where they test every few months at their expense."  no ticket and now I have to jump through hoops to avoid a class 6 felony on my record.  FUCK AZ AND FUCK TASC"  MBI.  However any lawyer will  tell you TASC can do no wrong in the courts eyes. Their ""non profit"" status I'm  guessing. But as I said I had .2 of weed in my car. ($5) my option was either be tried with a class 6 felony or do this and have NOTHING on my record. Either pay the government 1000$ and have no record or be a felon with a record. Totally makes sense right? Government corruption at it's worst.  they will refuse service to you. That includes people who were required to test by the courts  they completely botched it.  The lazy ""dr"" or evaluator (whatever credentials they have to fill out forms that could possibly ruin lives) well she just filled in the blanks on someone else's form instead of starting a new one.  So half the info on there was someone else's.  I'm a 30 yr old white female w no kids and have been sober for quite some time.  The eval said I was a pregnant black male for starters.  Not to mention a bunch of resent drug abuse that was not true. This got sent to a judge which assumed I was the incompetent one and had to pay for a second eval somewhere else outta state! Ok great people make mistakes.  All down hill from there.  Rude staff and years after I took the classes needed for probation they call and say they never set my completed classes to my po.  Which could put me prison.  So I had to come down and fill out release forms for something that should have been handled.  Very disappointing our lives are left in the hands of people who only care about the $ and not rehabilitation.  If they cared about the people they would t have said to me ""if I don't send you to any classes  it is no surprise that they have so many repeat offenders - this program is nothing more than a formality and complete joke. They do not care about your recovery This location is way better than the new location and 32nd St. and Greenway. 32nd St. and Greenway location is wide open there's no barrier between you and the person and there was a crackhead talking the whole time and I just cannot P this idiot talking so for privacy reasons this location is way better and is way more comfortable  because you just had to stand in line and wait.  This new process is fantastic!"  and she will call you to collect your lab slip and insurance card (usually an hour or so later after you sign in). Then you have to wait another 15- 25 minutes before they will call you back. The waiting room is super small and being confined with sick people coughing for an hour and a half will bring out anyone's inner hypochondriac. Out of frustration  in and out very quickly!" Also not this office takes a lunch break from 1:00pm to 2:00pm so the office is closed at this time."  and they forward test results quickly to the requesting physician. They do take walk-ins as a courtesy but give priority to & do not delay the patients with scheduled appointments. Keep up the good work SQL." Apparently this location is invisible because we drove around for 15 minutes trying to find it including calling. When you're nervous about blood work I don't need to try and find a hidden lab. -1 star because their lobby is small and their lovely flat-screen tv only loops mind-numbing healthcare ""infomercials""."  not sure if that a good or a bad thing.  Anyways it was much better than the one I had from Sonora Quest who left a bruise my arm and scar that lasted 2 weeks. Bastard!" "I've only been here a couple of times and I'm not planning on going back due the the rudeness at the front desk.  Make an appointment Extremely understaffed and they don't give a crap if your a fasting diabetic. Any health care place should be caring this place doesn't give a crap wish there were other options plan on being there at leat an hour or two "So slow...  We waited an hour and a half.  The staff were lovely Had a severe reaction after a blood draw. Called customer service and was advised the supervisor of this location received the email from customer service representative and would call me. No call. I waited 2 hours and 15 minutes to get a blood draw today. This location is way understaffed considering the traffic it receives. This is the third time I've been there in 2 months and I've never seen it run efficiently. It is just too understaffed. 