 but I have to say the part I loved best was the collection of cars. I've never seen so many antique vehicles in one place. Definitely makes it worth checking out. However. The location is a bit wacky. It's right outside of Wilkinsburg Don't forget to have tea here too.  It is wonderful and the service is impeccable!  You and your guests can easily spend a whole afternoon here!"  with good reason. Of course not all of the Frick Art collection consists of the Met's castoffs. There many portraits of insignificant nobility done by French court painters who had little talent. Just bec. art is old or expensive There is a lot to see and do at the Frick.  Get off your butts Pittsburghers and enjoy this place!" The house is amazing and moreso the car collection.  That is free...and a must-see.  Also is you like art don't miss the art collection."  and the art museum.   It was still worth visiting just for the old cars."  if nothing else - thumbs up for the ample free parking. As an out-of-towner "Very nice home and grounds.  I could not exactly say I am a fan of the owner or how he earned his money but I did appreciate how original the house and belongings are and how beautiful the grounds and buildings are.   Can you say Johnstown flood?  How about the Homestead strike?  Celebrating the extreme wealth of few on the backs of a billion who worked 16 hour days for nothing isn't exactly something I really love to do but I can appreciate beautiful art and architecture of which there is plenty to see here.  We toured Clayton (the home)  like history or the architecture or the building itself.  They focus on some family story that may only be of passing interest because the family is rich.  Kind of like hearing about Paris Hilton or the Kardashians.  B-o-r-i-n-g. And what kind of tourist attraction doesn't allow pictures?"  and they're perfect to while away some free time on a nice day." Say what you will about H. C. Frick (let's be real: the Johnstown Flood and handling of the Homestead Strike would have tarnished Mother Teresa's image) The only drawback to an otherwise perfect day was the chilly weather.  I had a new sundress I wanted to wear (and my mom still bemoans my tattoo)."  and the nearby Frick Park is a wonderful walk. It is quite a gem in the middle of this city. Didn't tour the Clayton (reservation needed)  I would recommend prioritizing A visit to Clayton and then to the other structures at the center. There is simply no comparison to Clayton."  a very enjoyable place to visit that I highly recommend to anyone because there really is something for everyone at Frick." "It's not large but it is a wonderful way to spend a couple hours on a nice afternoon.  Take in lunch at the cafe All in all just a nice place."  the food -- you can't forget the food. Our group had fruit and cheese and wine and spring rolls and mac & cheese and dessert and on and on. Having an elaborate picnic style dinner in a beautiful space while listening to music just feels like such a magical movie moment. I'm already counting down the days to the August concert!" Fish tacos were fantastic." The Degas exhibit is also on display right now so make sure to check that out too"  I would certainly be game for a Frick Mansion tour today." It was my first time visiting and I found it go be a very nice way to spend an afternoon  there was a rotunda in the middle with tapestries hanging just around the walls. There was a nice lady by the door who explained what was where and how we could get to the other places to view art house. She was incredibly informative. I definitely loved the exhibit and would recommend checking online for other features. I think their membership is really reasonable and it's a great way to get to know local things around Pittsburgh." The Frick is a super cool place I'm looking forward to returning with a larger group for another Friday and hopefully for one of the First Friday's when there is live music."  most of his work is displayed in New York. The family home contains many paintings of the family though. The Frick Art Museum has some of his collection and typically has a rotating exhibit as well. The car and carriage museum is an interesting step back in time as well with items ranging from old Lincolns and Rolls Royces to a winter sleigh. Photos are allowed in this area. There is also a cafe Looking forward to returning there to see the art gallery and take that Clayton house tour again. Would give 4 1 2 stars in my book."  willing to give you the rundown or show you around in one of the three boardable planes. Even our guide who couldn't have been a day over 16 knew more about those planes than I think I know about most things. I think the spot would be grand for any amateur plane lover Great atmosphere having the museum in a hanger. Friendly staff who will answer questions. Cool variety of planes.  but you learn about the story behind the aircraft. The tour guides are very helpful at answering any question you may have and are very friendly and knowledgeable. The gift shop sells models of aircrafts as well military novelty items. Overall  which is unfortunate with how much it costs!"  but our little ones also enjoyed being able to climb into the cockpit of a Vietnam-era fighter jet and other cool planes. You can go through the whole place in about 90 minutes The staff is very friendly and open to answering all your questions."  you can just log on to your student account and show it to them to get the student discount." "The Carolina's Aviation Museum is located adjacent to the Charlotte Douglas International Airport. It is a rather small museum consisting of a variety of Military and Commercial Aircraft's housed in a single hanger. The centerpiece of the Museum is the US Airway Airbus A320 which was force to crash land in the Hudson River after striking a flock of birds which disabled both engines. Everyone on-board US Airways Flight 1549 survived what has been described as ""The Miracle on the Hudson.""   While at the ""Flight 1549"" display be sure to watch the documentary presentation Another really cool feature is that they have preserved personal items from the passengers and flight crew which is a really nice touch. If you're into history  but if you have never been and are in the area it is certainly worth stopping in to check it out."  maybe 20 planes or so.  the largest attraction is US Airways Flight 1549 (miracle on the hudson) ... the actual plane is here.  lots of neat footage coverage detail." We spent about 2 hours and really enjoyed ourselves. This is not an all day outing but it's well worth the time." So yea... worth visiting? Maybe if you are in the area and have time and $12 to spare. Otherwise I will be bringing future Charlotte guests of ours to this place for a long time to come." I really enjoyed my time here and the kids I brought song enjoyed it too! There are some planes that you can get inside of and volunteers to explain it all to you. The volunteers were so helpful! We were able to watch a plan take off from the airport. So cool! I really wish they had a restaurant for lunch. But other than that I really enjoyed the museum.  you get to see planes taking off and landing every minute. It's actually really neat. There's also a museum shop which is kind of overpriced but overall I would recommend this experience to anyone." I really enjoyed my time here and the kids I brought song enjoyed it too! There are some planes that you can get inside of and volunteers to explain it all to you. The volunteers were so helpful! We were able to watch a plan take off from the airport. So cool! I really wish they had a restaurant for lunch. But other than that I really enjoyed the museum.  it's only open during limited hours. However a staff member told me these are both being addressed and will be improved in the future. Additionally they have plans to open a second hangar focusing on helicopters. Overall Restroom facilities were immaculate Overall it was cool and I believe that the admission it's fairly priced. But I just expected more considering that North Carolina is known for aviation." I'd recommend checking it out. The Miracle on the Hudson is interesting to see."  the mystery of why there's a plane here in Delta livery is finally explained. I thought it was the longest possible repair or charter in history. Turns out that this was one of the last DC-9's in Delta's fleet and rather than send it to the boneyard in Arizona  and well lit.  All the planes have interesting histories.  Well worth a visit  the staff was very friendly." The only disappointment I have to mention is that you could not get closer to the planes that were outside. (That said if it is inclement weather outside don't avoid the museum - you're not missing anything if you can't go outside). I also think the museum could diversify a bit more and offer information in the form of an audio guide. There is one 30 minute video on the US flight  especially if they think planes are awesome.  5 and under are free. Children's admission is $8 and adults are $12. I think $12 for adults is a bit steep for the amount of exhibits but with the Groupon adults were $8 each. It's also a good excuse to come to Charlotte so you can eat (hehe - Le's Sandwiches is only a 15 minute drive from here)." "Awesome museum and I had no idea it was right here in Charlotte! The center of the museum is the landing on the Hudson which was amazing to see! I couldn't believe that the whole plane was there along with a lot of the wreckage and some paraphernalia from passengers and whatnot. It truly is amazing what the pilots did that day! They had a documentary running in the museum also that told all about what happen that day and it was crazy to see! Along with that there are many other planes throughout the museum  it takes you to the main airport terminal. It's easier to just call the museum - they give great directions!" I don't know what there is to say about this place other than they have the Miracle on the Hudson plane. That in and of itself makes for a memorable and indescribable museum experience. I've only been to a few aviation museums but this experience was by far a fantastical one. They have many more plane to see and experience as well. Hoping to go back sometime soon!  i just wish it was air conditioned. The heat became a little too much towards the end"  and it isn't very visible from any major streets. But the Hall of Flame is worth the trip -- for both kids and their grown-ups."  I try to think of it objectively. I think they have a lot of interesting stuff if you're into firefighting or have little kids at home. I think it's presented well and theoretically could be entertaining if historical firefighting antiques/artifacts interest you "I visited this place on a recent vacation to Tempe and it was the highlight of my trip. I am an ex firefighter and this place brought back many memories. My favorite was the Hall of Heros  started was a single fire engine.  It was given as a gift and from there it grew.  I'm not a fire fighter aficionado this place was cool. the exhibits were great the kids play area was awesome. we just wish the people greeting us and selling us our tickets were nice. they were down right rude. they seemed annoyed with us  before we even finished paying. maybe because we redeemed a groupon? not sure but it really made of upset. the kids had fun and we enjoyed all the old vintage fire truck "My husband is a Firefighter and my Son loves this place. Warning! People who work there are RUDE and real grouchy!! I do not refer people there strictly due to them. I would not want any of my friends to be treated so poorly. I do take my son just because he is so obsessed with anyting to do with Firefighting. I thought about having his birthday party there "My four year old begs constantly to go to the ""fire museum."" The collection of antique firefighting vehicles/equipment is AMAZING. The kids love being able to get onto a real engine fKwCjTBOmwcbl4XtYRZToQ "LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  We had my 4 year old son's birthday party at the fire museum and everything was fantastic!  The kids were all taken on a firetruck ride  my heart and head go back to the time I was transported as I crossed the threshold to a most intriguing museum of bravery and heroes - The Hall of Flame - Museum of Firefighting!"  8 and 11 year old kids and they had an absolute blast. So much to see and do for all ages. I really liked finding the fire dept patches from my hometown in Illinois in the patch exhibit. I would highly recommend this place for a couple hour getaway." The staff is amazing here. Really great people who are passionate about the trucks. Highly recommend visiting. fKwCjTBOmwcbl4XtYRZToQ  this is so old school.  They hand you a 3 ring binder to take you through the tour.  They do not have information cards at each fire truck.  You have to read this small print in the 3 ring binder while minding your children.  The old guy at the front desk was grouchy on top of it all.  Don't waste your money.  Make a donation to the fallen fire fighters instead." This museum is a must if you are interested in history. It is truly top notch. Dozens of perfectly restored wagons and engines from the last 3 centuries of fire fighting. The descriptions on the walls and in the binder they give you are well written and interesting. This museum is a labor of love and it shows in all the attention to detail. Quaint yet fascinating museum that explores the history of firefighting in the USA and abroad. Reasonable admission costs. Very fun place for kids and adults. fKwCjTBOmwcbl4XtYRZToQ  as a firefighter this museum acts as a window to the past. Every piece is original. There are no replicas. The staff was wonderful Went today and it was fun.  The volunteers were very knowledgable.  $6 for entry fee. "My son and I had an amazing time. It was perfect for my ""future"" firefighter. The gentleman working was great with my son and very informative. It was a lot more interesting than I had anticipated. We will definitely be back."  the museum itself is great and my 3 year old loves it but the woman working there is always RUDE and the toys in the kids area are FILTHY. The place is usually pretty empty other than a few toddler/preschool age kids and maybe one or two adults roaming around. I definitely think the kids are keeping this place open so maybe they should take that into consideration at the front desk and when it comes to cleanliness. (Seriously  my interest in fire trucks can only be stretched so far  it was super hot in the museum. I don't think they have a/c there. It made the trip less fun when it was about the same temp inside as outside in the middle of July." I highly recommend it for families." I took my 14 year old niece and my toddler.  This place really is for older children.  There is only one real fire engine that my toddler could play on "Such nice docents and the museum itself is first class - a really fun activity if you are visiting Phoenix  then this place is great. This is not a place to go if you have young children that want to climb on everything. You are not even allowed to touch the railings that surround the fire trucks. The children's exhibit and the one firetruck that you are allowed to climb on seem like an afterthought.  Beware of the old men at the front as well "Great for the whole family.  Incredibly restored fire engines.  Lot's of cool things to see!   Definitely worth the visit.  You won't have to fight crowds either  this is the place! It's the world's largest museum collection dedicated to fire fighting. Make sure you spend a few hours here. It's very interesting and informative." Wonderful experience!! The guides were helpful and informative! Very easy to walk through and you can take as many pictures and videos as you want. They even rang an old bell and turn style siren for my son. They also have a great kids area for experiential play and a guidebook companion that gives history on the rigs. Also very cheap!! - awesome exhibit but taking my 5 and 2 year old boys was a handful"  mostly exhibits so smaller kids might get bored easily. There is a small play area for children but it was dirty and not a lot to do. Lastly "My husband and I were visiting the area and I found this place when searching ""things to do"" on yelp. We enjoyed it." What a hidden gem! This fire museum is a must see for everyone. All will love it. Wonderfully put together. Has an interactive area for kids as well as a fire truck you can get up on! What a wonderful way to beat the heat in AZ ! Thanks to this wonderfully family for bringing it to all who want to experience fire trucks and history first hand. This place was soooo cool! My husband was a fire man at the time of the visit and when we walked in the gentleman greeted us and began blabbing to my husband and ended up paying my admission and my daughters because he said he wanted to thank my husband for his services to the community. Way unexpected and nice. My husband was let in for free. Very cool attractions here. All kinds of old fire trucks even new ones. They have a little play area for kids to dress up and play. Big place we spent a good 2-3 hours here. They have a little gift shop when u first walk in. Some very cool shirts. I would come back again if in the area. "DOUBLE CAUTION: this place is cool to check out but if you plan on bringing your kids beware of the elderly people who work/volunteer here. The woman especially was quite mean to my seven year old. They have plastic toy fire trucks for sale out on display in the gift shop and my boys were touching them. The lady yelled at them to stop touching them. My 7 year old promptly apologized which was ignored by her. She then proceeded to lock them up in a display case as she grumbled and sighed. Note "Lots of cool stuff to see for my fire truck and fire fighting obsessed kids to enjoy. Didn't appreciate rudeness from museum staff at a place that naturally attracts young children. Upon entry 