 however no one wanted to help me.  There were several employee wandering about.  I tried for about 10 minutes to get someone to help me - no luck.   I absolutely refuse to beg retailers to let me spend money at their establishments.  I left and went to Ace Hardware on University Avenue."  crappy selection.  Fail." I highly recommend working with them."  $500 deposit back.  It is now too late for trees to be planted and established by winter.  I am waiting to hear back from them.  I will give an update later on as to whether I get my deposit back!  I have had trouble in the past with them not showing up for a job..no call ..nothing.  I should have learned my lesson then!"  and Bruce gave me a hard time about refunding me.  Last straw:  the $50 rubber plant I purchased in August came home with some time of mite infestation I am new to the Madison area and a avid gardener some friends told me to check out this store for seeds. I found there selection very good they carry the whole selection from seed savers and a good amount from baker creek as well as a number of others. the customer service was wonderful a clerk named Alyssa helped me with my selections of seeds and an orchid. I did look around it looked like they were doing some remodeling. prices were average for a garden center except for the furniture which looked of high quality but not cheap. the check out was fast and the clerk wrapped up my orchid so it would not be affected by the cold not something you would get at home depot when I bought one there.I will go back when its warmer to check out their plants since I want to start landscaping my new lawn. "I drive to the Bruce Company from Sheboygan every year to buy seeds for my vegetable garden. They have a great selection and lots of them are organic varieties. It seems as though lots of the staff are gardeners  and they even offer a return policy!  Go to Middleton and buy local!!!!!"  only two of whom were legitimately occupied with customers (although the one was bustling about in the plant section pulling something together for a customer and passed me multiple times without even a ""hi""). I immediately downgrade any business whose employees don't acknowledge customers."  to be exact) here over two years ago. We were fairly picky about the size   shape we wanted and staff accommodated us by ordering more of the particular kind we liked. We then got to pick out the ones we wanted from the shipment that arrived (that was more than we needed). I was worried that they would suffer after two harsh winters but even the bushes that were the hardest hit bounced back in the spring & still look great!" And that was my first and last experience shopping at The Bruce Co."  as they go above and beyond to help their customers in any way. Sad that Bruce's will happily lose a customer over one shrub." 