I'm cancelling my service and going with someone else.  It's not worth it." Poor results and questionable billing.  There were steps in the process that were poorly done and there was indication of when service would take place.  Requested a meeting and no one showed up.  because he said that my wife agreed to do so on his recommendation to allow the Bermuda grass on the side yard to overtake it.  How many years would that have taken??  She never agreed to any such suggestion.  We paid to have sod installed in the back yard to repair their mistake.  A year later we still had a bare backyard and weeds and crabgrass in the established areas that they were supposed to be servicing.  On the last lawn visit that I happed to be there for  if there is no due date. Also technician accidentally dropped a bunch of chemicals in our yard in a pile. A lot of chemicals in one pile results in DEAD grass. The technician with an 8th grade iq level didn't even bother to tell anyone. When we noticed it I think that there is something wrong with the company (seriously). Someone at the company is making the application record up or cooking the book."  they quickly backed off and refunded the money (clearly just trying to take advantage of people that will blindly pay the bill). They sent a guy out for free to actually treat weeds like I had originally asked for and absolutely nothing was killed. I don't have all that many weeds in my yard to begin with but not a single leaf turned a hint of brown to even pretend to begin dying. Conveniently  and my friends the lawn's look GREAT!! So easy to work with their friendly and professional staff!" Total win!!! And they've gained my trust!!" This place is great! They are really trust worthy. They loaned us a sprinkler controller while they fixed ours for a good price. I really Like them and would recommend!  & you will never again visit Home Depot for anything sprinkler-system related.  Very knowledgeable  sprinkler world has helped me with parts and supplies for two back yards. They have everything you need here at a reasonable price." 2U_6CXd9qUvliVRHRvM2uQ forget it called these guys in march right before I was laying down new gravel and was told by carol who seemed nice {the worlds full of nice people}that it would be better to wait until after the gravel was down then they would be out to spray .Well ive had to call them I think 3or 4 times now to respray and who knows if they even sprayed I cant tell and they are not service oriented enough to have the service man knock on my door they just toss the door knocker on the ground and see ya .Also one of their field guys called me to ask if there has been any changes to the area I said no we just layed down new gravel before it was sprayed {which is what I was told to do by Carol} and he said oh yup that's why your getting weed growth.... cmon man. }and also told me that he would go ahead and warranty it  GEE THANKS ..well I guess im just another idiot Scottsdale resident who hasn't worked in the field at all and should get ripped off because I don't know the difference yeah let me go sand the callouses off my hands and dial up another company  and I am still trying to get my money back. Do not do business with these people." I have gone to their store and found that they were extremely helpful. I explained what type of pump I need and the weird connection. They mad it work. I always them! G1Nh54Z7RIOZsyKrYa3MFw I had a great experience with Aquatec. They installed a water feature in my front yard and did a great job. They were also reasonably priced. Will be using them again for my future fountain needs.  Fountains don't need this too often - every 4-5 years for a Canterra fountain but they truly need it and what a difference! My fountain looks newer 