 reliable and does a great job! When I leave there I am ready to put my best face forward. I feel less like a client but more like a friend. Customer for life!" "Sheila is great! I have been going to her for about a year now. She is always very professional Sheila is awesome. She is kind and professional. I've been working with her for about 2 months and love the friendly atmosphere she provides in her office. Sheila is patient and I feel great after a session with her. She always keeps me laughing and distracted while she works. Going back again. Don't expect great results no matter how much money you spend.  Kim will only try to talk you in to more treatments and when you get little results there is always an excuse.  There are several places in the Madison area that offer similar services and actually spend time with you versus allocating the smallest amount of time possible in order to make the most money.  It's similar to an assembly line.  I recommend that you shop around.  when I complained I was informed that this was actually my fault for not following their recommended skin care regimen.  6 months later I went to a dermatologist who prescribed triluma.  1 10th the cost  and that's exactly what happened.  The results exceeded my expectations and I'm very happy with it.  The worst of the dark spots are completely gone.  I still have some lighter brown spots One small complaint...they take the whole thanksgiving weekend off. Although there is someone always on call Excellent group of physicians!  they had me wait an hour to get the shot and then tell me I should have peed in a cup (nobody told me that???). I go to pee in a cup and then have me wait another 20 minutes to make sure I'm not a leper. Get it together!" There is no way I would let someone who can't even take the time to make sure basic documents are completed properly deliver my child.  An expectant mother needs someone who pays attention to details. If this is how they handle the little parts of pregnancy then I don't even want to think about how they handle the bigger parts. I urge ALL mothers to reflect upon this information when considering Southwest Women's Care as their OB of choice."  care or follow up and I am really unhappy that it did not work and if I want to try it again I have to pay another 3400. They should charge half so you can have it done twice just in case and they should let you rest after instead of okay your done get out." The quality of the care at SWCWC is unparalleled. I highly recommend this practice." Love this group of practitioners and the care provided. Can't imagine actually being sick or super preggo and dealing with these types of issues!  Thus "After taking the glucose test I was recently diagnosed with gestational diabetes.  The day I found out I had missed a call from the office on my cell phone.  They had not left a message so I was curious and called back.  I was transferred to the triage nurse because my doctor and assistant were not available to speak.  The triage nurse informed me that I had gestational diabetes and needed to go to a class..  I asked if I could speak with a doctor regarding the results because I was very upset.  I was informed a doctor would call me back.. The doctor never called My appointment was at 3:30 pm. I've arrived at 3 pm. Now its 3:53 pm and they are busy. I wouldnt consider this a horrible place. The place is clean and they have enough admins to clear the guest area for paperwork but its going slow today.  and explained everything that was going on. I don't know why nobody at Southwest could do this for me. feel much more comfortable and confident in my new OBGYN's care. My new OBGYN informed me that I did have other options  and took her time in explaining what I needed and wanted to know. I was initially skeptical about not seeing an actual MD at first It has been almost three years and I am still haunted by the awful experience I had with this group. Please please please consider looking elsewhere." I love love love my doctor! This a great clinic! Dr. Wilson is the BEST!! He sits down and really listens to you and cares about each person! He sees a lot of cousins and my sister in law as well and we all LOVE him! Happy with the care received. Nice clean office. Nice friendly staff. They allow kids in the visits which was great for me.  both during my pregnancy and hysterectomy. I am still a patient and recommend others to Southwest as well."  it was like I was being talked at. I had a lot of questions because this was my first pregnancy and she made me feel stupid. On top of that she was very insensitive. I was given two completely different answers which made me not trust these people. A few days later I miscarried. I never used more than 2 pads in a day "This is seriously the best experience I've had coming to a new doctor in a long time! The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The environment of the office was very nice and comfortable. Once the nurse practitioner came in 