I went from wearing glasses my whole life to 20 20 vision now.  I would highly recommend that you check them out if you are considering LASIK as they do a free consultation."  and no worse than dealing with cutting an onion for a very brief period of time.  I opted for the mono-vision correction. It's a choice really well suited for older patients that are at an age where reading glasses will start to be needed.  So late 30's early 40's.  The procedure corrects the dominate eye for distance and the other eye for reading.  Your brains does the rest and it was seamless for me.  No more glasses and a very good chance I will never need reading glasses.  The procedure was about 10 seconds per eye and I walked out with perfect 20 20 vision.  At my one year visit my vision had even improved to a little better than 20 20.  The doctors at this practice gave me honest answers to my questions.  I never felt I was being sold a service but more guided to the best choice for my goal to never wear glasses again. If you are looking for a doctor that will not offer you a buy one eye get one free deal this is the place.  The cost is set and the value is well documented in the number of happy patients they have.  Don't look for the best deal.  Look for the best doctor that will give you an honest price for safe  and they were absolutely incredible. Everyone there was extremely patient and pleasant. They walked me through the entire process  Dr. Mozayeni will be my #1 recommendation for anyone considering LASIK surgery." "I could not be happier with the experience I had at Providence Eye & Laser Specialists. I already have 20-20 vision the day after the surgery and minimal dryness and disruption to my daily life. Dr. Mozayeni and his staff are incredibly good and knowledgable at every step you have to take in this process. They give you every confidence you need to be able to make the decision and get the best treatment and care during and after. I highly recommend them to anyone considering lasik. Thanks "I could not have asked for a better experience. They made the process so easy  and I'm extremely glad I chose Providence Eye & Laser Specialists versus the competition.  Ask yourself are you a Neiman Marcus person or a Walmart person?  I'm definitely a Neiman man." Highly recommend and have highly recommended them to all of my friends and family! 0 regrets deciding to have these procedure done  and caring. I went from wearing glasses with a - 6.00 prescription to being 20 15 the very next day. I highly recommend this business and I wouldn't trust anyone else. The cost is well worth the A+ service and I am extremely grateful for being able to be a patient at this facility. Thanks again to everyone at Providence Eye and Laser!"  so great. I just wish I did this sooner!" My mom has needed glasses for a while but was nervous to go on her own. She wanted to make sure we found the best place possible. I found this place on Yelp and it had great reviews. WAs not disappointed. Very nice staff and modern office. We were in and out quickly too. Not much of wait either at all. My mom was relaxed there and I know she will go back again. "Extremely competent staff. Got me into the right contact lenses on the first appt. Everyone was friendly and I interacted with every employee on my first visit. They have a Middleton clinic as well  whatever that contraption is to measure my eye pressure is awful. There is no puff of air but to say you are going to ""tickle my eye"" is the understatement of the year.  Instead of scarring the crap out of me with air this little contraption sticks something in it  Amy and Robyn were all very professional and personable.  They were much more thorough than my previous optometrist."  but they put some drops in afterward which was supposed to help the dilation go away faster. Dr. Maursetter was very nice and explained the purpose of all the tests she was running. It's always helpful when a professional is explaining what they are doing instead of just doing something and leaving you wondering why they are doing it. She gave me some daily contacts to try since I had complained of dryness with the two week contacts. After wearing those for a week Lasik itself is great but obviously I'm not reviewing a surgery. This place deserves five stars for four major reasons. 1.) They were overwhelmingly friendly from the minute I walked through the door. 2.) They did a fantastic job preparing me for what to expect. 3.) I arrived at their office at 2:15 pm today and was done w/ surgery by 3. I know some people might think that sounds a little cold and impersonal but it wasn't. The doctor was extremely friendly and as soon as I shook his hand I relaxed completely. 4.) This surgery cost me 700 DOLLARS TOTAL! I responded to a banner ad they were running on Google for 299 per eye. I assumed it was a bait and switch. For me Thank you Lasik Vision Institute!" I was blind as a bat now I have 15/20 vision. It's been a year since my operation. Very happy with this place. The staff is amazing! I had an awesome experience with perfect results! I am now a year out from my surgery and it's as good as the first day. I have and will keep recommending LVI to anyone!  when I had my consultation they quoted me about $8-900 per eye for traditional LASIK. (I can't remember the exact price they quoted). My contact prescription was -2.50 in both eyes. I was a little bummed and decided that I didn't want to continue and I left. I was already starting to regret that I didn't just get it over with One nice thing they did was call me before my 2 week appt to ask if I wanted to reschedule. The day I chose was going to be a surgery day which would mean longer wait times. I appreciated that they would be proactive to give me the option and gladly took it to change the date!" "I had lasik this afternoon.  It all started last week when I went to visit this office for the exam to see if I was a candidate.  Everyone was so nice and friendly.  I was a little anxious and they were very patient with me.  They took lots of one on one time with me answering my questions and just letting me freak out a bit.  Everyone I saw asked if I needed anything when I was there.  I was offered lots of snacks  I am so happy with the surgery and the benefit of not having to wear glasses. I highly recommend this place and have had no issues so far. Just know that you will have to invest in natural tears eye drops for a while." I would absolutely recommend the entire team What a great place they used to be in a old stop mall  this is amazing the staff fist class glad we went back for check up helpful and professional. I recommend ANYONE to get this procedure done here. Thanks lasik vision institute for changing my life. Wooohooo!!!! My vision before was horrible. Today 11days later my vision is 20/20 still not 100% but it is very close to being there."  since I really only cared about what the surgeon had to say).  She said asking her my questions/concerns was ""one in the same"".  I think not.  That was the first red flag.  The second one came after she said I would not be meeting the surgeon at all prior to the day of surgery.  Who in their right mind agrees to an elective surgery without meeting the surgeon prior to the day of surgery?  I have never heard of such a thing!  I'm assuming after you pay in full you are then allowed to meet the surgeon.  The third and final red flag came after she said she would schedule me an appointment with the surgeon at another time and then revoked that offer I still recommend this place to EVERYONE."  but the Dr prescribed an eye drop that seems to be helping."  she made sure to give me EVERY detail and even gave me a packet with all the financing information and such. She even quoted me the student prices and wrote them down for me. We concluded our meet and she walked me to the door and shook my hand. I said I was very interested in the procedure and would consult my grandfather about it before scheduling another appointment. All-in-all it was the absolute best experience I could imagine and the only time I have ever left a business feeling more intelligent than when I arrived. I would have given it a four and a half just for the wait times "I brought my mother in here a couple of weeks ago to see if she was a candidate for lasik. Every single person there was extremely nice and helpful. Their prices were very affordable and they even offered us 20% off due to us being referred by a friend. My mother ended up needing a procedure that they do not offer but they quickly referred us to another center. As you can tell from my five star rating I know there are a lot of horror stories out there. I read a ton of reviews before deciding to go through with the procedure. The consent forms I signed at the office also caused my stomach to churn. However  vision has been 20/15 since. This was the best $2k I have spent anywhere. Only issue I have is I wish I had seen their ad sooner. The breaking point for me to get Lasik was that LensCrafters kept screwing up my last prescription!"  I was seeing at better than 20/20 vision after Lasik and they said additional improvement is still possible and that the clarity will probably get better after done applying the medicated eye drops. I'm ecstatic now. I can't imagine if it gets better....Are there negatives? Well perhaps the initial recovery. My eyes were a little scratchy/irritated after It's been two years and I am still over joyed at the eyesight I have because of the doctors and staff. They cared about me and my eyes. Don't want any longer get your best eye sight now call them today! Everyone is very professional and has your best interest as a priority. The worst part for me was trying to sleep that night with constant tears flowing down my face but I dont believe everyone reacts the way I do. I have always had sensitive eyes and allergies. There is nothing better than waking up in the morning and being able to see everything clearly (the few hours i was uncomfortable is worth it). It did take the full 2-4 hours but they do tell you the time limits and personally I wouldn't want to go somewhere that makes me feel rushed with something as important as my eyes. "I have to dock a point because of the wait times (often 2-3 hours) and their computers seem to always be lagging and they book way too many people for the amoun of staff. However  my experience was great.  The day after the surgery I was already seeing 20/20 (I previously was seeing about 20/200 or so).  The doctors believe I can achieve better than 20/20 vision once my eyes stabilize.  Recovery after PRK takes longer than lasik 11/1/15:  Just over 5 weeks since my lasik.  Still waiting for vision to improve.  5 weeks and blurry and hard to focus.  Wishing I didn't do it but going to be patient!!!" I'll be posting an additional review after my surgery "Me and my Husband had the best experience with The LASIK Vision Institute! From the very start the whole staff was super nice and courteous. At one point when my husband was having second thought about the surgery  how long you'll feel it for. I couldn't have asked to be treated better than I was. I can't wait to get up tomorrow & reach for my glasses  a final exam and completion of my payment. The surgery itself was only10 min. My follow-ups have been pretty quick also. It is just the initial consultation that can be very frustrating to just wait around for several hours to be seen." I had surgery just yesterday afternoon and woke up this morning and was amazed about how well I could see. I 100% recommend anyone getting this done." They do a 2 week and 3 month follow-up care and as needed. Things for me were pretty typical. I started off not being able to see the big E and now I have 20/20 "**Be prepared for the up-sell!** Husband and I had $1700 to burn on our flexible spending account.  Came across a Groupon deal for this place that included the wavelength LASIK procedure at $1799 (great deal!). The only catch was that my flexible spending account company (ADP) required a doctor's note be completed IN ADDITION to the invoice in order for the procedure to be considered for reimbursement. When husband and I went for the consultation and I asked about getting the note signed  for some of my follow ups I was in and out in 15 minutes.  The surgery was painless and I was done in 10 minuted. Dr. K. told me everything to expect so I was not worried at all. If I could give more stars I will post an update once my vision clears up!" Update: Just over a week from surgery and my vision is perfect! Sometime I have a little blurring but that usually means I need to use my artificial tears drops. Love my results!" 