 which saved me on my walk home from the bus!" "funky little cafeteria atop a very popular pittsburgh breakfast spot. it's BYOB - always nice - and the food is abundant and tasty. very casual  rice and some bread. It's about 10 dollars. They usually have 2 vegetarian and 2 non-vegetarian daily options. I love their limeade (its terrifically bright and fresh  but will definitely try again.  It's a small place where everyone seems to know each other.  The specials change weekly and are a good deal for $10.  The service is friendly and the portions are appropriate.  We started yesterday with sweet patatoe chips (I think) with some type of dip.  It was very good and a nice change for a first course.  I  had the chicken and rice cooked in cilantro which was really good.  The cilantro really gave the dish a crisp fresh flavor.  The limeade was delicious and gave me an appropriate mid afternoon sugar buzz.  It's a good discovery and a unique place to take your out of town guests."  and there is always a vegetarian option. I'm surprised it isn't more crowded because I can't really thing of a negative thing to say about the place. The salad is yummy "This place has authentic peruvian food and tasty american style peruvian sandwiches.  Every day they have a choice of two or three vegetarian and two or three non vegetarian entrees.  They serve these with rice and side salad.  My favorites are pumpkin and potato stew and potato  and be surprised by the quality of the food.  All entrees come with salad and rice.  My personal favorite is the cream chicken entree - deelish!"  I'll most definitely be back.  For sure."  LaFeria is the place for you.  All of the food I've tried there has been great.  Their daily specials are usually yummy and their empanadas and sandwiches are great.  I especially love their salad.  Turkey breast over a bed of greens with red onions  your pickings in South American food are very slim.  While this might sound like a negative review Z-BI5HJmC2HcpiVuXwVM3A This is a good place to go for a casual meal.  You can definitely go in wearing jeans.  I hope to come back and try more of their specials."  though the menu gets a bit old. Perfect  and I can understand why this place is often confused with a souvenir shop (probably because the decor is devoted souly to Peruvian paraphernalia...that you can buy). I highly recommend going regardless."  and food comes out in 5 minutes because everything is bascially premade at the beginning of the day."  we had a few shortbread cookies with what seemed like dulce de leche on them.  Everyone really enjoyed their meal.  It just feels like a good place to spend your money.  It's small  and our food was delivered quickly! We really like the large portion sizes and the relaxed and quiet atmosphere. I didn't read other reviews before I went  especially if you don't want to shell out the $$$ for Panagea or Girasole."  if I can convince anyone to go with me (I've had trouble talking folks into going here instead of somewhere else) but so far  it's just not Peruvian in my opinion and I was disappointed about not finding any of my favorite dishes on their menu. What you will find are sandwiches The atmosphere is pretty laid back and the staff are friendly "Had the chicken here. Was somehow unevenly cooked and bland. So bland. Friend had a vegetarian special They additionally have tonz of beautiful Peruvian art for sale here.  Not exactly the cheapest  but I'm skewing low on this place."  but hey I'm being picky at this point.  This is definitely a cafe and not what you'd consider fine-dining.  But for what it is  but it still had great flavor. My meal was $11 (pre-tax and tip) which I thought was fair considering that the salad was extremely fresh and there was a decent amount of meat." Great peruvian!  Love their housemade salad dressing.   Wish that I could buy it!  Their shredded chicken dishes are always excellent.  Great lunch spot in Shadyside.  Lovely little import store attached.  A favorite!! They also have shelves of Peruvian items that you can purchase if you are so inclined to do so.  I did not while I was here  they also have some clothes and these beautiful blankets that I seriously want. I wasn't feeling too great so I just ordered the three empanada platter and split it with my boyfriend. I picked the egg cream cheese green onion I wish they didn't close so early. The atmosphere is also a little weird - its kind of like dining in a knitted-clothing store. Once you get past all of that This is the one restaurant in Pittsburgh my friends and I can always agree on. The specials never disappoint! The chicken is always cooked tenderly to perfection and the sweet potato chips are worth an order. It took me four years to find this place because the location is slightly obscure. I wish I'd found it sooner! "Stop in at lunchtime for the La Feria salad I came to La Feria hoping to get some authentic Peruvian food. Although the food was good- i got a pumpkin black bean empanada and some sort of peanut chicken dish- it wasn't anything to write home about. I was hoping for some full-blown authenticity here- I didn't see anything on the menu that screamed ""Peru""; it all seemed very generic Americanized Latin American. I didn't see one unique ingredient in any of the dishes on the menu. With that being said I would definitely come back. Coworker had the beef empanada and loved it."  but I may look for other lunch options the next time I'm in Shadyside."  eating in the middle of a store. But for some reason their combination of a simple Dijon salad dressing and rice and always a decent slow cooked pulled chicken meal makes me enjoy solo lunches with a book. Once in a while you should skip the noisy Wonderful food in a relaxed environment.  The staff is always very friendly and attentive.  The menu always features great vegetarian options.  If you don't know which dish to pick there is a delicious combination plate that I like to order.  The menu has a lot of variety and everything appears to be made fresh. La Feria is a gem! Bonus: La Feria has great Peruvian coffee!"  the check took at least 10 min. to show up once we'd finished.  By this time  the food is incredible! I had the Triple Sandwich and it was WAY MORE than I expected. Taste is amazing. Sweet Potato chips were perfect. Definitely recommend it! :D" The shop part of La Fera had some great handmade Peruvian pieces that  the coffee was good and the server was very pleasant.  This is a nice place to get some cool gifts."  there is always something for me to eat.  Try the limeade...its amazing.  Their ahi hot sauce is also awesome.  I always buy a bottle on my way out.  A great hearty meal.  A must try." Will be back in a month and LaFeria will be a revisit." The absolute best for takeout. Pair with wine for movie night. Excellent vegetarian options that carnivores would not pass on  nice service and is cheap. I just didn't like their empanadas." "La Feria remains one of Pgh's best restaurants -- consistently wonderful food The food was so fresh and full of interesting flavours. So fresh and beautifully presented. We went on what had been one of the hottest days in Pittsburgh and this restaurant was cool in both senses of the word! We were being treated by our nephew and his wife so can't comment on the price but the food was faultless...  the specials are to die for and their empanadas make me smile. They buy genuine Peruvian goods to sell as well in their gift shop section." "it is not unusual to find me at LaFeria once or twice a week. It is one of the top few places in Pittsburgh to have a casual lunch or dinner that is guaranteed to be delicious every time. I have convinced almost every member of my friends and family to dine here and now they crave it too! The daily specials are fantastic "Let's start by saying the food was not that bad...but I'm Peruvian and I was really disappointed because this place is listed as a Peruvian restaurant but there is not a single traditional Peruvian dish in the menu. You can find all kind of Latin dishes (nothing special) but nothing really Peruvian. They are using the microwave to heat up some of the stuff  I saw a few comments say this is the best Peruvian restaurant in the city. I can't even understand how people came to that conclusion. I know there isn't a lot of options for this ethnicity  and salad. I was happy with everything and would definitely recommend this place for some quality empanadas."  otherwise I have never had a bad experience." Absolutely amazing we tried around four things on the menu. The food is very fresh. Will definitely be coming back. The specials are amazing. This is the perfect place to pick up lunch and go. You can always trust that the food will be both filling and perfect. The vegetarian options are also flavorful and filling. My advice is go experience some Peruvian comfort food. It was great to be able to browse the items for sale while my friend and I waited for our meals and afterwards while we chatted.  My friend recommended the limeade which is fresh squeezed and was very refreshing!  We shared the  Sweet Potato Chips which was served with a cold queso-type dip called ""Huancaina"" dip.  For our entrees Wonderful Peruvian empanadas and lovely atmosphere. Above Pamela's restaurant. Really a gem. Fabulous lunch if Epanades and salad...finished off with bread pudding and caramel sauce..... I can't comment on the food because I've been waiting so long to be served anything other than a cup of soup in a restaurant that isn't full. The empty cup is still in front of me though.   Update: The food came and was good but certainly not worth the wait Credit cards accepted." Great lunch location. Casual and friendly. I couldn't have been more surprised or delighted at the quality or quantity of the evening special.  It was wonderful to behold Fantastic find.  Great food and unexpectedly awesome little import shop where I picked up some awesome things for the new home.  Good service (got take out) and really enjoyed the food.  I suppose it all depends on how hungry you are. It is They do have a small seating area with about 4 tables to eat at."  simply great.  You can order it on to-go food at the taqueria on weekends  and I say I prefer the steak tacos (we usually order 3 of each ""with everything"" and take them home) These tacos are amazing. Authentic Mexican and a buck a piece. Grocery store has plenty of fresh meat choices. They have tables to sit and eat with fresh guacamole. Py2Jmwm7QXZRCVJ5hnPXgw They also have a counter where they serve frozen treats. Looks good!  Looking forward to my next visit."  but last time I got the burrito which was a) as big as my head "This spot is simply amazing. I often get the salsa roja and salsa verde to go. These salsas are made in house and have the perfect level of heat - they are actually spicy! I also frequent the butcher section to get the arrachera (skirt steak) which at about $8/lb you can't go wrong - so delicious when marinated then grilled! The cecina de res is also a must buy What can I say? Love this place!! Always come here to get an authentic chicken burrito. Not a fancy place but food is great.  and everything else. I buy my skirt steak here for the grill. They cut it thin and tenderize for you. They treat everybody equally 