"I hired Kevin Barnett 2 weeks ago to take care of multiple tickets for me.  I will recommend him to everyone I know.  His office is in a convenient location and he is incredibly easy to work with.  He has a great assistant KSy9KjeG0zuUWKNMgoMAQw  does not possess any of the characteristics one would hope to find in a good attorney. He lacks character  which (by the way you probably already know.)  My advise is to just let him do his job -that he is more than capable of doing.  Don't ask too many questions or get yourself worked up.  Alan will tell you in advance almost the exact outcome of your case to a t.  In the end you can feel good about him as a human being because he won't resort to less than favorable behaviour.  And by that I mean other attorneys who have to use immature tactics to make up for what they lack as men. Although it is quite entertaining to watch some of them!!! Especially JIM WARREN!!! Hahahahaha!!!!!  Submitted by JULIE MEDLIN "I have used Alan several times over the past 15 to 20 years. He is a caring and wise individual. I have always been very pleased with the service that Alan provided. If you need to get ""lawyered up"" for a domestic case  Mrs. Duckstein is the first and last call you need to make. Her attention to detail of your case  then go with Sonja! She will go above and beyond! I'm pleased with her services and wouldn't trust anyone else." Think you don't need an attorney? Shouldn't you know? Call her." I am a worker's comp and SS attorney here in Phoenix. I know Sonja and she is a fantastic lawyer - for both personal injury and criminal defense. She is very responsive and caring to her clients. I highly recommend her. "Sonja Duckstein is the epitome of a client first mentality.  Her work ethic is unmatched and her knowledge of the law including our rights as citizens is top notch. I trust to refer my family  and patiently answered my questions. They really treated me and my friend as more than a client and took a genuine interest in the overall outcome of the case. I can't thank you enough for your kindness and determination." oPPecxrC9rdgFxeufagGSA former president of Kings Ransom Hotel and Kings Ransom Inn" "I had some questions about my S Corp paperwork and Michael took a look. He explained what everything meant and which was like taking a Greek language lesson but understanding it immediately. He pointed out the important parts of the documents that were there and why they needed to be. He made some suggestions but was not pushy about additional services in anyway. I would highly suggest Michael for any and all Business Michael was great at getting our estate planning in order. Everything went smooth and very timely. I have a great sense of comfort knowing all our papers are in order. If I need anything else in the future I will certainly use Michael Tucker again. "We reconnected with Micheal after 15 years and it was a wonderful experience. We will be using him for all our estate planning and wills. We have an unusual family dynamic and he's is very receptive and understanding off all our needs. We felt very comfortable with him and his amazing staff from the beginning to the end of our time in his office  the Law Offices of Larry H Parker went above and beyond in providing us with exceptional service! We knew we were not facing an open and shut situation. They were persistent and diligent TXlJtcOrl1KAjjz0auJRxw I hired Jaburg & Wilks from a recommendation through my banker.  I was going to short sale my home (which closed 11/13/10) and I did not want to lose any of my assets in the process or be liable for anything down the road.  I met with David Allen and he spend an hour with me and asked me questions about my situation and it felt good having an attorney tell me that things will be OK (from someone that actually knows).  This firm does all the foreclosures for Wells Fargo so they represent banks all the time.  I cant think of anyone that would know about what I am risking more than the guys that would sue me for sticking it to them.  The consultation cost me $300 and I feel it was worth every penny.  Not everyone situation is the same so if you need piece of mind I highly recommend getting a consultation with them.  There are about 30 attorney's at this location in Central Phoenix and they take the entire 21st floor of one of our downtown buildings. I have had the pleasure of using this law firm now for 6 years Maria Speth has been an exceptional lawyer handle multiple cases for us and I would highly recommend their services especially Maria to anybody that asks and needs a quality law firm... "I have had the opportunity to use Jaburg and Wilk - the work was done on time and to  specification Matt Anderson at Jaburg Wilk has always been fantastic to work with. He has performed corporate litigation defense work for my company for 5 years now and has been a tremendous asset to the team and an excellent advocate. I highly recommend him personally and the Jaburg Wilk firm. their profession. I am living proof HIred MItch Reishman to handle my divorce at the recommendation of a friend.  My friend told me Mitch is like a surgeon and cuts through the garbage to build his case.  The only surgery done by Mitch Reishman was on my wallet that was made over a hundred thousand dollars lighter..  I paid through the nose for his services and received subpar performance results in my trial  The is proof that you can pay a lot and still not get the desired results.  I still shake my head at the hours billed and wondered how such abysmal results could come about with such high billable hours.  Mitch gets Top Lawyer status but not sure why.  He failed to win very basic things in my case and I was taken to the cleaners by my ex's attorney.  I'd look elsewhere.   I was not provided the level of expertise I expected and I am not a happy fan.  Buyer beware. "I had a couple of immigration questions and thought it might be best to seek for an actual legal advice than google. I went for this law office because it is closer to my place and they offer free legal advice. Secretary was very friendly. Office is a little bit old but not too bad. The attorney was about 30 minutes late and although was a little friendly  mom and I with our immigration court case. He's known my sister and I since we were little Excellent attorney! Laid out the process for us in terms we can understand. He was patient with us and was by our side through our interview. Couldn't have asked for a better process. Everything went smoothly. He will be our go to person from here on out. "I don't have enough words to describe how amazing the experience with Mr Robert. They work very hard to make sure you have winning results. I could not have asked for better services. From the moment I first called until my case was over "I came across the Law Office of Robert E Coughlon Jr through google searching immigration attorneys in the phoenix metropolitan area. I was initially drawn to this office because of positive google reviews and his personal education which is detailed on his website. My mother and I met with him because of his free initial consultation offer. Let me just tell you he surpassed my expectations when it came to being friendly  it's with absolute honesty I share this to save someone money and aggravation of ""shopping"" around  dedicated and truly cares about his clients.  Jason has an edge and intelligence that gives him an excellent perspective when working on a case.  Jason spent a year working on a family member's case and we are very pleased with the results.  He has also provided amazing follow up with any further litigation that can and has arisen over the next year.  I know that when I speak with Jason I am going to get the truth and not a false sense of security.  He knows how to explain things to those without law degrees while handling the court room and prosecutors antics without flinching.  He produces outstanding results and is well worth the money.  There were other attorneys we interviewed and actually retained.  They staffed it out and others always called or followed up.  Jason does not work that way and always was on point and knew the specifics of the case  there is no one else I would trust. Thank you Jason "Met Jayson today. He was great. Very knowledgeable and interested in the well-being of my family. He was really approachable and gave me the impression that he would fight hard for my case. As you speak to him  Powers of Attorney.  Sam was referred to me.  Sam did more for me than my GA. attorney and for less.  What a great guy.  Took my elderly father to see Sam after my dad's wife died and Sam helped guide our family through some estate planning and produced only the documents needing to be changed rather than everything.  I recommend him without any conditions or reservations.  His office staff is FIRST RATE too." "Consulted him for setting up an estate plan.  First meeting was free My husband had used them for family situations and they are an excellent firm. Very established in downtown Phoenix and wonderful people who work there. Helped resolve many issues and recommendations for this firm is very high.  and shame on Mr. Blais for validating his clients illegal actions by exuberantly harassing in an attempt to strong-arm two upstanding citizens with threats  were absolutely a pleasure to work with. They handled my situation quickly and provided me with so much stress relief. I now have a lifelong loyalty to them and am so grateful to have worked with them. Thank you so much David and Kim. I can't thank you enough for being so amazing Absolutely love Victoria she made my BK as pleasurable and easy as it could be. This firm goes above and beyond for their clients! I'm very satisfied with this Firm! e2cUD-bchQKNNIChk2saWQ  than all others combined together! Thank you very much for your professionalism and patience! I would recommend them 100% to all my friends!"  and most recently settling my offer in compromise with the IRS. And get this ... My offer in compromise was settled for only 1% of what I owed ... YES 1%!!! I seriously don't know what we'd have ever done without them!!! I'd highly recommend them to family  and quick to respond. I would highly recommend them for assistance with understanding and complying with the AZ Tenant & Landlord Act and eviction matters. They make my job so much easier!!" "I have used scott Clark law office for many years. They are very knowledgeable and are always available to help by phone  when I have questions.  Their services are excellent  and they try to be fair and follow the law.  What a great group!!!  They always donate to events when asked ;o ]" "From the time we walked into the door the staff was friendly and considerate.  After checking in we were offered water or soda and shown the location of the bathroom.   The lawyers we meet with were very professional  understand and are very knowledgeable and up to date with the legal system or trust matters.  I use them for all my legal needs  his staff is nice and are waiting for give you bottled water or coffee.  I had certain expectations on how Mr. Brown conducts himself in court vX9CfSkN-L94l9ToLskgAA "Stereotypical unethical lawyer who took advantage an old lady and her inheritance. Untrustworthy 