 it's worth a stop if you're in that part of town. :]"  across from the Madison East Shopping Center. Pretty easy to miss when driving.)"  though nothing fancy and I like it much stronger. Will try their falafel soon." The only thing I really wish this place would do is make fresh bread and rolls  hands down.  And reasonably priced too.  Good chicken sandwiches.  And their mediteranian entrees are delicious as well.  As for the donuts  and great (but sort of slow) service. This place is definitely worth checking out." The only thing I can think of against the place are the hours- I really wish they stayed open longer! I cant count how many times ive been returning from groceries or whaterver and passed by the place "I usually go here because they have some Halal dishes but it's definitely not my ""go -to"" place for Halal.  I find that I have to be in the mood for it in order to really enjoy it.  However I have to give them more stars. For one they have pretty tasty food once I tried more dishes.  The cucumber sauce on the side also really good.  It has also become my stop for mousaka! Mmmm" Tabouli was a bit saucy (ask them to use less dressing)." Ryq600aoE3h8_qRQGIed9A Food is excellent and reasonably inexpensive! Had to wait a little bit because he made everything fresh. I'll definitely wait for freshly made food! "We will drive from Dudgeon Monroe to the East side for good falafel and gyros. The quality and service at People's Bakery are a great reminder why the (much closer) Biryani doesn't deserve our business. Skip the babaganoush Awesome gyros at a great price... haven't tried anything else yet but I am definitely a fan and will continue to go back (at least for a gyro)  etc. Probably can't go wrong with anything there."  the food is really cheap - you can get a whole huge bag of great food for under 20 bucks. An older Lebanese couple run this place - they are very nice and do a good job. As far as the bakery items  but the food was EXCELLENT.  personal service from the husband & wife owners make you feel right at home.  the tabouleh and hommos definitely rival anyplace i've ever tried.  they actually make the tabouleh to order!!!  incredibly fresh and delicious.  delicious baklava!  and  shish tahouk and baba ganouj."  this is an AWESOME Madtown ethnic eats spot...and oh yeah...how can  completely dismiss the incredible homemade donut selection?  They looked stunningly good  if you think about ordering food here. still worth visiting."  but the owners were charming and seemed to enjoy us enjoying their food. My five-star ratings often depend on how likely and how often I would return Downside = Styrofoam containers...I might attempt to bring my own next time to avoid them!" The lady that works the counter is very friendly.  When we went back to purchase the pastries we only had credit cards So good!!! We went as a group and everyone loved the food they ordered.  The food was very reasonably priced!! Yum! Stopped here a few times for the yummy baklava. I've eaten lunch here once and it was fabulous. I had the tan-tan chicken and it was amazing! Moist chicken and lovely flavors.  and the owners are incredibly warm and friendly people who have been crafting joy through delicious food for many moons now. There is nothing to keep me from recommending People's Bakery with the full five stars." We will definitely be back!" Living 1 block away is dangerous! This is a hidden treasure for sure. The owners are a sweet older couple who knock out some amazing food. Can't speak for the donuts but I promise you will enjoy the food. The falafel with fries is a bargain--5 bucks or so--and it will be made totally fresh for you. My go to I don't feel like cooking spot.  does the People's Bakery unseat Trader Gus as my King of Madison Gyros.  I say it's too close to call right now.  What I do know is that I plan to return to the People's Bakery to conduct more extensive research.  And if you find yourself on the east side with an empty stomach and a light wallet  which comes as a sandwich or entree sized plate. They have other standard Mediterranean options such as hummus and kebobs. Seating is limited and would not be good for large groups. Definitely more of a take-out place. I would definitely go back to explore their menu." To be honest i had tunnel vision on the donuts but I believe they have some other things to offer for lunch and dinner." "I love these guys - the best - BEST - donuts any where in the world  but most importantly they had the best baklava I've ever had." They forgot my tomatoes. There is nothing really terrible about this place  the owners are great the only issue I see us that it  is hard to stop eating them"  and delicious too. I didn't bother asking them about ingredients because it's so obvious."  I really like the people who run this place and the people who hang out there." Great Greek food. Delicious and huge assortment of donuts! Worth stopping in for a treat. A husband and wife team run this place and they do an outstanding job.  Super nice too.  If you want an outstanding box of donuts "Best falafel in the midwest  and some green pepper and onions.  It was very fast and not too expensive (around $13).  I will definitely order from here again!" Great Mediterranean food and friendly owners. They also make delicious kosher doughnuts!  but you can't beat it for great take-out.  The falafel is amazing!  Their hummus doesn't come close to competing with Banzo  even if you're just picking up donuts to go. There was just one person working the counter and cooking customers' meals so the whole process took awhile." Great donuts topped off a tasty meal. A little hard to find but like Arnold I'll be back. Even though the decor and all is pretty modest Hopefully I can update my rating in the future :("  which I think is wonderful. My son will accompany me on a trip to People's Bakery if I promise to buy him a couple doughnuts. The two of us sit in the scanty boothed table as he unenthusiastically watches me savor every last tidbit of the kibbe dipped in the yogurt sauce. Mmmmm... considering how labor intensive it is to make kibbe at home  but I'm lucky my coworker does. I get ridiculously excited when she brings them in. My usual stop in Madison to cure a donut craving is Scott's in Middleton because it's convenient and decent (I think their best donut is their raised maple frosted or the decadent german chocolate) I am now a huge fan! Service is fast and prices are great. The blueberry fritter is heavenly. On the weekends I anxiously wait for 7 am to roll around so I can head over for my fix."  and my husband got the gyro. We also ordered hummus as an appetizer. The app never came out and then she called out our food and we had to pick it up. The spinach dish was most likely the most unappetizing plate I have eaten 