 suppose to be haunted. In carnegie off main st. Closed Sunday during summer. During school season open some nights until 7pm."  this building is haunted." Beautiful restoration of the library and music hall.   Look forward to coming here for shows. This library is so close to the east liberty shops and development projects. It is a half a block away from the Borders and Walgreens. You can take out a limit of 50 books and they have tables of fiction bestsellers and a great cookbook selection. Good place to go this summer for something to read and not spend a dime...  I just moved to Shadyside from Oakland so I'm used to perusing the lovely stacks at CLP Main. I finally made my way here a month after moving and was pleased with the selection. It's not as extensive as main Great place for East Liberty to have this library and it's so close to my house. I love it here. Also it's nice and quiet here. Great addition for the African American community of east liberty. I love the section of books they have. Come down and visit this awesome place!!! This is a lovely little library. The librarians are always super nice and helpful. They will help you check out or renew a library book (even if you have forgotten your library card). The selection of books is smaller than some libraries but it is a very nice collection. And the librarians are always happy to request books from other branches (you can pick them up from this location in a day or two). There are relatively few parking places but there is nearby street parking and a large parking lot across the street. Very friendly && helpful here! Just wish they were open seven days a week people hover around one computer - especially the one that I am sitting next to.  Though it is not right for the other patrons too.  I generally sit downstairs since there is often less traffic there."  the three desk AIDS worked tremendously to get to me quickly and it just took 10 minutes to get a library card after walking in the door. In addition I've been trying to get a copy of 100 years of solitude for the past two weeks for my vacation this Saturday. The librarian put me on a list so that I would get the next available copy shipped to the downtown location. This morning I received an email saying my book had arrived and was ready for pick up! I got to the library as soon as it opened at 8:30 and boy was I shocked at what was on hold for me. Not 100 years of solitude but a book about the book. I was so disappointed because this is the only free time I have to read for leisure! The librarian on duty told me that this happens ALL the time. Well "" but do you have to make me feel like an ultra-turd just for asking a question?  That's why you're behind the desk... isn't it?" "I feel like this is more of a community center than just a library. There are so many wondreful activities! This place really has it all including plenty of free parking. I moved here from the Bay Area and I am so impressed with the library. My kids love going. The kids room is huge and has so many little nooks for the kids to chill with a book. I really I'm thinking about trying the Scrabble group they have there on Saturday afternoons It may not be the biggest library in the city but it's definitely one of the sweetest and has a great close-knit community feel to it. Can't complain about this place!" KZlFb1qDi8YSZJH2A2Nn3A The facility is great. The book and magazine selection for adults are amazing. The kids section is teaming with books. But I take away stars because many of the people who work at this facility are unhelpful make you feel unwelcome. Other locations like Dormont or Castle Shannon have consistently service-oriented librarians who are delighted to help you. If you want help finding a particular book (they can be requested from other local libraries) don't ask most of the librarians at the Mt Lebanon branch because they act annoyed that you are asking for something. Many library functions like book check out and return are self-serve. Some of the librarians are helpful so I apologize in advance to the good ones--you probably realize that some of the others could do better. Also the volunteers who work in the book cellar are alway very nice. Many of the summer library and other activities are quite fun. I find it a bit of a shame that this wonderful place that should be welcoming isn't as good as it could be because of staffing issues.  after that it is $5. Memberships are the way to go. The cost varies with your willingness to volunteer for them."  and older kids -there's even an arts and crafts room! A great place to socialize your baby. They even have coffee for grown ups. First visit is free so there's absolutely no reason why every family shouldn't try it at least once."  this is a great choice. Those toys will get used by hundreds of children. Same with the donation of money  up to $10. Or you can choose one of three membership options. Forgot to mention they do have snacks and an eating area. Snacks are cheap from 50 cents. This place is awesome for a rainy or cold day. Only bad thing is hours vary and can change bc it's volunteer run."  the Internet is limited to three hours a day."  easy to find everything and is ""quiet"" like libraries used to be and contrary to the bigger libraries of today."  but a good place to go if you don't want to be around a lot of people."  December 24 & 25. Closing early at 5:30 on December 31."  there is no designated quiet area that is closed off from the noise speaking that happens in the front of the library. There is a quiet reading room Needs more books and homeless people. DVD collection didn't include Jingle All The Way and the place feels off putting. One star. I've had a copy of Jingle All The Way since it came out and they haven't charged me a late fee yet. Talk about refusing to enforce the laws.  because it's closest to home. There always seems to be a decent selection of the new releases  and lots of space to work or read.  I can't complain."  friendly people at the information reference desk (with little plaques that say please interrupt us) Reservable community rooms" - Kids reading to dogs"  the parking lot can get pretty full. Not really an issue in the summer when people are walking/biking here Pinney's also in a great location for the Olbrich neighborhood - grab a book and then head around the corner for some frozen custard or down to the park for some reading in the gorgeous gardens."  you can rent a DVD for $1. Keep it for an entire week. Measly late fees. You may not be able to find any movie you want here - but you can sure save a bunch by settling for whichever ones they have in stock." Tip:  Be careful where you park. Most of the spaces are tiny and jam-packed with cars inches from one another. To protect your car  but that makes it easier to return your stuff because all you have to do is drive around to the other side.  You don't have to park or get out of your car.  You just drive up and hold your book up to the return slot and it opens automatically.  Then you just put your things on the conveyor belt and the slot closes and you're done.  Easy!" "I'm in this library as I type. It's the fourth time since it's been remodeled. It feels like I'm at the Amsterdam Muziekgebouw aan't IJ (http://www.muziekgebouw.nl/) Mezzanine every time I step in. Plenty of large tables to get down and dirty with calculus on. There is a Cafe. The audio visual rental selection is quite large too. Whatever. I haven't written a review for a very long time since I have been (happily) living in the middle of a cornfield and tending to grapes and other plants. So  I check out 6 to 8 books per every 4 weeks for her to enjoy and they are all usually in good shape. Plus they have a free baby time class there where we can bring our babies. The instructors are so talented. They sing and read books to our babies. They also bring toys for them to play with. My little girl loves it! And loves to be with the other babies as well. Awesome!" It's the best library i have ever been to - seriously."  and I went here with a friend of mine who grew up in Champaign. He couldn't believe the changes. It's a beautiful building with plenty of space and friendly staff. We were able to easily reserve a room so that we could do his fantasy football draft. All of the natural light and comfortable chairs really create a space that is extremely inviting. I'm required to volunteer somewhere for a class of mine "I absolutely love this library. There's so many things I enjoy doing there - studying  I ended up being sorely disappointed by the NYPL. It's like reverting to the Stone Age after riding around in a flying car - it really is enough to make a grown woman cry. (Which I did "Great place to pick up movies and books and relax.  It's nice to get off campus and see ""real people"".  My only complaint is the emphasis on ""movie rentals""...but I see that it makes them able to afford multiple copies." One drawback is noise level.  I guess I'm a bit old-school in that I expect a library to be kind of quiet.  Both patrons and employees talk at a loud volume; more than once (incredibly) Champaign ""Public"" library (which it really isn't anymore) is truly the most unfriendly library I have ever been to and I will never go back there again."  but only if you have a library card. Not sure how it works if you do not have a library card."  so I am biased about this library. Other than the carpet that has been permanently muddied up by the unwashed masses seeking free DVD movies and internet access  but I'm okay with that. I've been told to keep my feet inside my ballet flats while studying I've spent a lot of time at this library rather than the one in Urbana  movies and books galore or just if you want to hang out. If you live in Champaign go and get your library card and put your tax dollars to good use. Other towns residents can also use the library with some restrictions. Local PBS shows films there from time to time and the library has programs for all ages. In summary  however the staff her can be described as downright rude and anal for no apparent reason. The library is slowly losing it's funding and not making much profit. I now understand why." This is a wonderful library! The children's section has a small play area and a lot of children's books/comics/DVDs to choose from. I love that you can rent DVDs and CDs for free. The employees are always very helpful and informative. Hidden deal: Everything above and more!"  since they have so many quality resources. This library is truly awesome and the staff should be proud of the work they put in there each day. Hopefully budget troubles can be figured out and the library will stand when my daughter grows old enough to take her own children there." Great library. Terrible staff. They are rude to their customers and act way more important than they are. I had my foot barely touching their chair and was asked to move from the chair. I explained to them that due to a condition I could not sit differently. They again asked me to move. The reading programs keep my daughter wanting to come back every week."  even though the physical books have become largely irrelevant." Great and huge selection of DVDs. Kids and adults - you'd actually want to watch. Recent This is really an amazing service provided by our tax dollars and we should all take advantage!" One of my favorite libraries. Its small but it is a great neighborhood library and they have excellent programs for children there. Jess does an amazing job with story time. Friendly staff who allowed my daughter to explore and feed her curious nature."  which enable one to drop in after a normal 8-hour work day (coming in the evening is also a great way to avoid the annoying political petitioners who often congregate in front of the door during daylight hours)."  and this is a decent spot to pick up and check out whatever you've had sent over from another location in a fairly easy manner. Librarians are friendly and helpful the majority of the time. This location is just missing something compared to most other libraries in the area." i would avoid this library..no fun will be had here." SUPPORT YOUR LIBRARY!!!"  it's true that this branch is tiny and smells old. But it's a public library in the middle of the city-  it would be disappointing if it didn't smell like funk or have weirdo's hanging out. I always order my books and movies on the library website and they send me an e-mail when they are ready for pick up. It's a great system and even better because you don't have to pay for the books. Usually when I buy a book I'm such a cheapskate that I will force myself to read the entire book even if I hate it. They have a pretty big selection of classic and current DVD's. I do wish the library had longer business hours. Right now it's closed on Sundays and closes early on Tues and Thursdays. Everyone should support the library I'm sorry.  I love libraries and books and all but I just don't see much learning coming out of this place.  There are some great alternatives in the area (Burton Barr and Scottsdale)."  but it serves a very useful purpose. I order all my books on-line (via the hold request) and then pick them up at this branch. It is very convenient and the staff are always friendly."  it's okay.  Got our library card here today.  The librarian was very nice.  Explained all the details and even told us about the free tickets you can get to places in Phoenix They are closed Sundays and Mondays. Tuesday to Thursday they are open from 9 am to 7 pm and Friday and Saturday they are open from 9 am to 5 pm." I am a library lover. And this place is only a mile from me  you can have it sent to this branch fairly quickly. They have a great graphic novel selection compared to a lot of libraries I've been to  unfriendly and offensive as can be.  He seems to think he owns the place and bosses people around." The Century Library may be one of my favorite places to go and kill time. I highly recommend checking it out and utilizing all the amazing resources they have."  it is mainly empty stores and seems kind of strange to have a library here. The actual library building is concrete block/brick and a little dreary looking (if you ask me).  The inside had a recent upgrade "All of my Culture Pass issues were taken care of by contacting Act One directly. They have called and explained to Amanda  and the staff is always very friendly and helpful.  I have also had good luck with picking up Culture Passes at this location."  you can't judge a book by it's cover. (Sorry. I couldn't resist!)" Z_QsNnSvKLcDpa-FbD8tQA  so that when they arrive at the library I can go and pick them up in one swoop. I really like using the hold system online and feel like it's the easiest thing ever. I also like that they changed it recently  uncontrollable lack of any discipline with the little horrors.  On Sat 1 16 16 at approximately 2-3 pm I went in and it was so LOUD and boisterous I felt like I got hit in the face with a brick.  I was yelling trying to convey my conversation to the librarian and asked her why she did not do something to try to control this situation and which she basically replied this was not a quiet zone library.  To which I turned around and walked out.  IT WAS WORSE THAN BAD.  I am on my way to my car and I see a woman and man in a truck parked in the lot and the woman is swearing up a blue streak MF this and MF (white not African american) that.  I was shocked.  This continued for at least 5 minutes and then she throws herself on to the hood of the truck (the guy must be a handy many of some sort because on the roof of the truck was a rack and on the rack was a ladder) she grabs the ladder with one hand and the space where the crevice for the windshield wipers are with the other hand still cursing and I guess he told her he was leaving and started the truck  to one of the smaller libraries in the general area.  It's still a great neighborhood library though.  That super modern architecture is still holding its own pretty well against the new fancy locations.  And the fact that it is a part of the Paradise Valley Mall ""circle"" of shops is really convenient." Computers with Internet open to public"  you are not bothered by stranger dangers.  I dig this library." This is my favorite library!!"  my shelves are over-flowing - time to donate again."  Lewis Alquist's Whorlpath-an outdoor garden with terrazzo patio-is a great place to relax with a book. Weather permitting  music and movies if  Netflix doesn't have what I want and my favorite part is the little key chain library card I always have it with me so when I get my email reminder that I have a hold waiting to be picked up viola I can pick it up on my way home Picture this nice summer day (mom w/ kids -style):  Park in the covered lot.  Take the kids to a matinee at the theater in the mall.  Get a little lunch at the food court.  Go to the library.  No need to move the car- you've parked once and the car is still in the shade!" "Well this is my local branch....again another locale within walking distance of my apt. My favorite aspect of this library is the self check out. I love how you can just let scan your card....place your items on the pad....the computer checks them out for you....and you receive your receipt. It is fast....easy....and you don't have to talk to anyone....not to mention there is great parking. My other favorite aspect of this branch is that you can put a hold on books if you have an online account with www.phxlib.org and when you materials are ready they will send you an email and you can go to your favorite branch and pick them up. This is a great service offered by the phoenix library system....and the customer service staff is very helpful when you come into the branch. They also have free Wi-Fi....computer access....all the latest CD's and DVD's and plenty of children and adult activities on a daily basis. So get out to your favorite branch and remember to Eat Maybe I could form a different opinion if I was allowed to go to this branch on a more frequent basis ;)" "I love the story time program here! I started coming this summer after having a baby and wanting to get my toddler out of the house while beating the heat. The staff here is amazing! It is a 30 minute session of singing Good selection and always neat and clean!!" "This is the best library (other than Burton Barr which is 4 floors and hard to beat).  The Staff are always friendly and when you use their 'hold' system "I've been coming to this library for over 10 years. I really like it. The location is great I have also noticed security is obvious and present. There is a guard who frequently patrols the library." "Used to come to this library often while I was in school.  Haven't come here many times after 2007.  But still come here once or twice just to vote for City of Phoenix elections.  Very good location right by PV Mall and near SR-51 and Loop-101.  I believe the city cut the library hours Only complain about this location is parking. The lot isn't set up very well and can get tight."  busy! Cars are zipping in and out of the mall parking lot/loop and it can be difficult to get out of the library. Plus the parking lot for the actual library is on the small side and it is U shaped. So if you don't find parking  the place seems great.  There are always activities going on for the little tykes.  There's a quiet play area in the children's section where our son likes to build towers.  There's also a bunch of computers that he can go to to play some online games (nickjr Great location and selection. Libraries are the best thing our taxes actually go to. The security guard here is awesome and is quick to tell idiots at the library to get off their phone or to stop talking.  and music. They also offer classes for your children for free. Books! Check'em out!"  but man was I in for a pleasant surprise. This place actually has books! Tons of them! I'm from Bosnia and wasn't familiar with the whole library/rent a book concept and at first I was offended that they wouldn't  take cash for the books I had chosen! I fought a bit ....especially when the worker said to bring them back in 3 weeks! However we worked things out! It's an amazing concept! You get to read a book for free and then take it back and choose a new book! America is so great" Very helpful staff. I walked in and apparently looked lost. Staff approached me and immediately directed me to where I needed to be! I was shocked bc I've experienced so much poor customer service in this city! This was a welcome change! :) "It's dumb that we try to take our kids to this class ""baby time"" and they offer 10 tickets to the ENTIRE valley. It's once a week and if you don't camp out over night to get your tickets Check their schedule they offer some interesting events at this location from time to time that are family friendly "I'm shocked that people mention this library has a good selection. Maybe I'm spoiled in that I was used to Burton Barr- this library NEVER has anything I'm looking for! The kids section is nice though  those are free as well!" 