 and whether they are actively attending classes now or not "For the right person this is incredible self awareness education. They are hard sellers into your ""next step"" but what they offer can definitely transform your life."  especially my Dad. We became much closer as a result. Out of a later program that I did I manifested a job that I loved making more money than I had made in any of my previous jobs. At Landmark Education the conversation always revolves around what is possible and opens the doors to creating miracles. I have recommended Landmark to a lot of people and everyone who has participated has been very glad that they did. I highly recommend it." Landmark Worldwide offers extraordinary training and development programs.  I've been participating in their courses for more than 24 years and am truly living a life that I love as a result.   I've also had the privilege of watching literally thousands of other people do the same.   There really is not a stronger accolade I can provide than that... Landmark offers training and courses World wide and the results In have seen in some people have been absolutely amazing and some of the people you can meet and interact with are amazing as well. This work is fantastic in allowing you to work on and transform yourself as a person and really find out just who you are as a person. The courses are expensive and the hours are long. I strongly recommend either requesting a comfortable chair or even bring your own as the chairs provided are absolutely dreadful. That being said Yes I completely recommend this course work and bring with you an open mind and be willing to listen to the material at hand. "Attended the ""graduation"" night after being pressured into going. The graduation night is not about the ""graduates."" It's a three hour sales pitch claiming that there's something missing in your life and/or something's wrong with you. The atmosphere is culty and all of the rumors tossed around about brainwashing and hypnosis seems highly likely after sitting in that building for three long hours with the strange presence of its overbearing participants." "This work has made ALL the difference in my life. I first participated in Landmark's programs about 10 years ago and I can't imagine my life any other way. This education has uncovered blind spots in my life that were hidden from my view which have allowed for breakthrough results in all areas including family "My first course with Landmark was three years ago.  I signed up looking for direction in my career.  Since then Landmark is an Extrodinary education platform for getting into action to make a difference in your life and for others 