"My husband and I visited Lighting by Erik yesterday and were absolutely blown away with the amount of product in the store! This is the BEST place in Pittsburgh to find lighting. We were in the market for a nice crystal chandelier for our kitchen and had more than enough choices to pick from. We have had a hard time before yesterday finding a nice enough crystal chandelier in town (or getting good customer service from other stores). Also  is the clerk telling us ""I don't know"" about a policy that's so clearly the exception to the local norm. If you're going to have a ridiculous  I went to Lighting by Erik because they were close to my home. I was initially pleased by the private parking lot as parking can be an issue in that area. The service I received was outstanding.. I was told that I could save about $30 by fixing the lamp myself  is very pretty.. But the customer service is by far the worst I have ever experienced. I should have known not to buy a lamp here as the one saleswoman was extremely pushy and followed me all around the store the entire time and kept trying to sell me a $400 lamp. As soon as I got home I was unwrapping the lamp shade and noticed that it was cracked. I called immediately and explained that I had received a flawed product. They assured me they would order a new shade and it would come in within 7 days and they would call to let me know when it came in. Needless to say it's been two weeks now and no one has called me about it. I have now called 4 times and every person I've spoken to tries to shuttle me off the phone immediately without explanation. The last conversation I had was with a woman who worked there who told me ""she was just a worker and couldn't help me with what I wanted"". I bought a lamp from there for a few hundred dollars  I was surprised to hear one of the ladies working there asking another customer to pay upfront before doing the required changes to the lamb they had asked for (as if the customer would leave without getting the lamb he went there for).  I thought this was weird but I ignored it; maybe I should have gotten the single and left the store.  In my case My daughter was upset because she was using her cell phone and was told picture taking wasn't allowed. DUH? Since when does someone admonish you that you are taking pictures all because you have your cell phone in your hand? So consider my advice if you decide to purchase here. Examine everything thoroughly." This is truly the best A V company in the country. Their prices can't be beat by and far. Their sales reps are great and treat their customers great. I can't stop recommending this place to everyone that comes in to my office. If you need anything from a microphone to a full sound system give these guys a call. Tried to purchase some DJ equipment from this company. My order was denied because my billing address for my credit card was different from my shipping address. Really?! I run several companies and have never run into to this. One of my companies the billing address is our PO Box and the mailing address is the store front or what if I wanted to send a gift to someone? I obviously can't do it through Full Compass.  Also why do you offer the option of a alternate billing or mailing address? Doesn't make sense especially in this economy. I'll be sure to send along my $600+ receipt from the company that's okay with a different mailing address. Save youraelf the frustration and time!"  and cultivate a good relationship.  As with most businesses "Done a service repair for a broken Sub.. FAST TURNAROUND! Crazy! I called them 3 days Easy pick up during regular business hours. I was showed how to use the equipment and it was loaded into my car. Equipment was easy to set up during our event and the sound quality was great! Quick and simple return. Will definitely use them again!" "I always buy my Reel to reel tapes from these guys. They have the best prices for them + they always take care of my orders in a timely manner. I would not go anywhere else but here. Recently I bought a yamaha hifi CD player from them. Very competetive prices. Also wanted to buy a Turntable  but expensive) and it was shipped in an envelope. Envelope delivered and put on ground. Product was impacted and broken before it was even out of the package. Delicate product was not shipped with appropriate packaging. Consequently I could have used a different vendor and be sculpting sounds instead of writing this negative review. But I chose Full Compass...for the last time. Good luck with your business. I'm shopping B&H or Sweetwater from now on."  because of this I followed up with a phone call as soon as they opened that morning to make sure they could be here in time. I was assured that they were in stock and would be here the next day. After all day I never received a shipping confirmation so I called again. I was told they would be sent out on the 5pm shipment and again assured they would be here today. I even have a voicemail from a guy named Josh saying that it was being packed up right then to ship. This morning I had still not received a confirmation of shipping so I called again. I was told by a guy named Reid that he needed to check with the warehouse and would call me back. That never happened. I call again  patient and very knowledgeable about products and services! Would definitely recommend!"  and use a trustworthy company that'll take care of the little customers they have.  Can't believe this is a real company."  20 days after placing the order and they still tell me they have not shipped it out. on their website it said it would take 7-14 for me to receive this item. if you dont have this item dont falsely advertise that nonsense. i dont know how they are in store but as for online  very dangerous place for your wallet.  But it's worth it to live with beauty on a daily basis." "Stuff Antiques does have wonderful objects.  It is a good idea to go in knowing what things are worth.  There are no price tags on items and I believe that the owner will take advantage of the unseasoned buyer.  Unfortunately  but I had no idea a light could cost that much.  We've been looking for a light for our near-completed bathroom project for quite a while now.  Our taste is a little left of the middle and after leaving Modern Lighting empty handed nV_7lAYFVISEs-Te4e39gA Maybe there's a pocket of richies in Central Phoenix that can afford Hinkley's...but even if I could  please ignore all the misconceptions about insanely high prices at Hinkley's. The service is fantastic  unique and in a wide range of styles from funky modern to antique.  The service was sub-par and I was only greeted after wandering the store in awe for 20 minutes." Love the stars!  They are the only thing affordable in this place! Love the stars!  But you can get them online cheaper.  The other lighting that they carry is WAY overpriced and quite antiquated. "Talk about rude! I went in to buy three ceiling fans and I felt like the salesperson was laughing at me and mocking me for my decisions and questions. I will never set foot in this store again. I went to a different lighting store where I had great service  there were great options. We bought two pendant lights at roughly $250+ each.  Less than two years later and we've had to replace both lights due to faulty wiring/ bad connection. The first time we took the light in and they lost our fixture and took no record of receiving it. They were slow to get back to us so we went into the store. It ended up taking 5-6 weeks to replace My co-deciders will now investigate my personal tastes. I'm 90% sure we'll buy through Hinkley's Lighting." The nicest people ever.  I just needed one little bulb but wasn't sure exactly what I was looking for.  They listened to me and help me figure out exactly the bulb I needed for what I was trying to accomplish (lighting some photography). Really appreciate their assistance and highly recommend them if you're not quite sure what you're looking for and need some knowledge assistance. Had them install a few ceiling fans on the back patio and they did a great job and in a timely manner. Will use again for other lighting.  but they worked their magic - a couple of times within just a few minutes - and have charged me anywhere from $4.00 to $24.00.  I highly recommend taking any of your broken lighting fixtures here (even if they are missing parts).  The inventory of lamps "Got a lamp that you love?  Can figure out why the F*(K it doesn't work anymore??  Bring it in here.  They'll fix it...they'll be super helpful Recently dropped an antique pole lamp off for repair. Phx lamp did a great job and repair costs came in 25% less than quoted. It did take nearly 3 weeks for the repairs to be completed but this did not come as a surprise. They informed me of the time frame when I dropped off the lamp and called before they started work and when lamp was complete. Also have a great selection of lighting and antiques in shop. Overall great experience.  this is the place for you. Ask for Billy - the owner. (Avoid the grouchy old lady at the front desk: she's mean as a witch in a fairy tale.) I have been a customer tor 10 years. The best thing they do is transform pots  I can't knock the work...but I would never go back here if I can find another place. I have added a photo of my receipt where she scribbled out the $20 and added the extra charges. Total Rip off. AVOID." gStuDV22kE0EJlse2iQGTw I don't like to speak ill of small independently owned businesses and am not a difficult person to satisfy but my experience with Phoenix Lamps was awful." Consider doing the same." I will be brining any other lamps here that need to be repaired and i wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to anyone who needs work done on their lighting." 