 clean adult store open 24 hours.  They have a gigantic collection of the typical dildos and videos.  They also have ""viewing booths"" and the staff is friendly.  However they don't have a big selection of anything else you may be looking for.  No Kama Sutra products This place would be better -- and I'm sure they would make more money -- if they got rid of the video booths completely and filled the place with a deeper variety of toys and quality smut."  I came home for winter break from my freshman year of college. I met up with some of my friends and we went to RLN out of boredom. (We went to high school only a couple blocks away so we were well aware it existed and was open 24 7). We were shocked to find our Vice Principal (and father of a student we graduated in the same class with) perusing the dirty mags. It was extra Maybe one of these days we'll see what it looks like on the inside... if it's not still closed for inventory."  but I have heard some crazy stories about this particular one. It didn't seem well monitored. I really hate the selection here and the prices are higher than other's. They seemed to have more fetish stuff than Selective though. So I guess there's that. Overall I'd suggest staying away Sometimes is an adventure when going out with my friends We were sad that they had no eatable underwear in stock."  but don't worry guys they had costumes and colorful undercarriage for men too! Although they did advertise great deals on DVDs it was the outdated VHS tapes and reading material that caught my attention -1  She also told me that my size will change when ""you gain 10 lbs."" Fellow Yelpers  that you can start using Dec. 1st. I usually get the $10 one but hey I'll take it  royal blue baby doll dress. Perfect for our anniversary next weekend ;)"  but once found are generally more than happy to help you with any questions you might have. One of the tricky parts of this store is checking out. There are two checkout counters that aren't visible to each other. One in the lingerie section and the other in the their body/scent shop. You might end up waiting at one for several minutes before venturing over to see if their are employees at the other counter checking people out   can i help you find anything"" it kinda felt like a slap in my face. When I was paying for my stuff the woman asked if anyone helped me.  I had explained to her that everyone ignored me when I seeked help m the service was horrible. All she did was continue to ignore and have a dude conversation. I ended up leaving the stuff I was going to buy because I was so disgusted."  i guess I just have some sort of hope that my next visit will always be better. but no  I've never been ignored by sales associates when the store is virtually empty. Maybe the exhaustion from all of the weekend's sales drained all of the sales luster. Despite my fitting room request light being lit for over 5 min with no attendant ever coming to my assistance  compelling me to write this review. What should be a place where customers receive one-on-one attention is nothing more than a self-service nightmare. Between a very new salesperson who was not even  familiar with VS's new currently advertised ""multi-way"" amongst other things  and I know everyone else who is lucky enough to have Mia help them will also have a great experience.  I really thought it was important to give this store a current review since all the others except one in February of this year are very old and outdated.  I even told Mia about the awful reviews and she was unaware of them 