It's like a one-stop shop for kibble They have a great selection of dog and cat food. Not just the standard stuff that Petco and Petsmart have  they invited us in for a $1 sale after closing time. It's service like that that will bring us back and keep us from the big chains!" "I go there since it's right across the street from the dog park and they sell Canidae dog food. Prices are reasonable and the people are friendly. They have a great selection of products  collars and meds. They carry other supplies/food for small animals and cats too! I love this store and definitely will be back!!!" "WOW!!! practically half price on everything compared to the chain stores.  Staff is always very friendly and helpful Now I know where the dog park is across the st too! I love going to both."  open 7 days a week. The staff is very friendly and always helps me carry my food to the car. They also have a scale in the back and let me weight my great dane pup whenever I come in. Not just the food is cheap though. All of your other pet products are do much cheaper than petsmart or petco. I found a prong collar for $8.99 that was $20 at petsmart. It was the same thing! I feel very lucky to live right down the street from here."  these guys even load the ginormous bags of food in to my car for me! The food and treat selection is amazing and the prices can't be beat.  If you are looking for Kibbles 'n Bits "This place is good depending on what you're looking for. I'm going to write this from a reptile enthusiasts' view. Simply put  they carry specialty dog food at great prices. Love coming here for my fur kids! They also offer low cost vaccine clinics on saturdays" I have been coming here for 8 years and this was my last trip here. There is a store a little further away (Western Ranchman at 32nd St/Paradise) that sells the same specialty dog food I buy *Only* place in Phoenix metro where I can purchase Standlee Timothy/Alfalfa Pellets which have no fillers or alfalfa ! "This place is great.  The store looks better and better everytime I go.  We've been shopping here since 2007 and have always had friendly  is a great selection of dog food brands and reasonable prices.  The treats are expensive though.  The downside is the cleanliness and store organization and the aisles seem cramped. Also Thank you for all your help. Especially Sometimes the cashiers aren't exactly 'nice/helpful' but again that's mostly for horse related feed/products when I asked for help with dog nail clippers and dog food they are very knowledgeable. It might be nice if they hired or trained some personnel on horses." always amazed at how many people go to petsmart/petco when this place is around. clearly they have not been introduced to here yet. WAY BETTER prices and quality everything I will never recommend this place and I will never return. This place has forever lost my business. But I will always recommend the place that is just a few minutes away with wonderful customer service!"  but I did find some fun cat toys when I wandered off during an ""ooh shiny"" moment." I realize this vet is not an employee of Pet food Depot that is  why I still give them 4 stars.I wonder how many other people he has offended and how many customers Pet Food Depot has lost due to this persons rude This is the best place to get anything for your pet.  I've been a customer for a good 14 years at lest.  The staff is always great.  Their prices can't be beat.  They are always a few dollars cheaper than the big box stores. "This business is located near my home.  We stop in maybe once a month just to check on the poor animals they sell there.   Each time we have been there  they have a veterinarian there who gives the required shots and then does a brief physical exam on your dog.   Staff is accommodating and store is nice."  it is a genuine want to help people.  I can't even tell you the number of times where I have finished paying and another employee already has my entire purchase slung over their shoulder and is asking me where my car is!"  and organization ? I guess by  jumping on the ""locally owned"" bandwagon this store somehow reeled me in since I just moved to Phoenix and am trying to support local business . Thanks but no thanks I will not return here  to purchase anything for my three pets even though your a five minute drive from my house  great prices and great employees. I bought my bunny from here and they even had a vet check her over and tell me the sex before I left."  so I wanted a shop where I could talk to someone with experience to pick the best feed for the furry kids. My wife and I headed here on the start of a busy Saturday of running errands. I was a bit leery walking in and not being greeted (my wife says I just missed hearing the greeting-what?)  they go out of their way to help out. Not to mention their prices are the lowest possible while still being a locally owned family business. Plus I love that they carry local products like Natural Paws!" "Love this place!  They take care of all my pet needs (2 dogs  and their prices are very competitive. Also livestock supplies and toys!" Thank you for seeming and treating my Bella" 