 the vibe and feel as soon as I opened my car door was apparent. This is very Asian for the likes of pretty much every street corner in parts of LA. I only wish we had a more concentrated ethnic specific area beyond south Phoenix like LA.. or any other city for that matter. Hell  big difference. And for what it is I enjoy stopping and checking out the various shops and restaurants along with the great grocery. As a whole I enjoy this place. This place that is not China Town."  for that alone it gets 5 stars.  This is a fun place to kill a couple of hours with out of town visitors or on a date.  Stroll through the gardens. Wander through the grocery store The Center has a festival around the Chinese New Year  where they have street vendors selling all kinds of goodies including a huge selection of decorative Koi fish and various cultural performances. It's really a unique place  but be ready to deal with ordering some stuff you may not understand at first. After lunch we went to the food market.  Really cool to walk around and see all the different stuff.  You definitely won't see these ingredients down at the local super market.  You are guaranteed to have a good time looking around. Have fun!" with small bridges and walkways over and around it. There are numerous statues and pagodas along the south and east side of the building. It's a beautiful and relaxing addition to the city. There is a large store that sells Asian goods "Honestly I go here rarely.  My recent visit was to watch my godson while his parents were doing family picture photo shoot in the Chinese gardens and pond areas.  You can walk the whole cultural center and its gardens in 10 minutes  it is extremely convenient. The only thing I would have done differently was given myself more time to enjoy the other restaurants and shops. And i definitely would have gone when it was cooler outside. This center is very unique "I love visiting the Chinese Cultural Center. There's a really cool replica garden and quite a few restaurants. I'm always drawn to the Ranch Market full of Asian goodies. This market reminds me of the stores I used to frequent in Seattle/Tacoma. I haven't actually eaten at any of the restaurants there yet It's a pretty industrialized neighborhood outside but it contains some of the best Chinese restaurants in the valley as well Chinese medicine shop and other various shops hardly found anywhere else in AZ." the area is almost barren with hardly any businesses. They should really step this place up do some development and market this area. They have plenty of parking which is non-existant back home in Honolulu." PsuvqWNmLBU8ABkch2d9vA Check it out. It's a small complex but lots of browsing fun. Enjoy." "Really fun place to go on your lunch break.  They have plenty of dining options (some better than others)  the grocery or knick knack stores had very little decorations to buy and bring home. What a disappointment If you find this useful  this place does not market it's self as a Chinatown. It is a cultural center which holds special events and displays as related to the Chinese culture. What a great place to relax in the garden. Also has some wonderful restaurants  not at all comparable to NYC or Chicago's Chinatown but delicious and a great inexpensive grocery store with all the specialties (just no fake purses or as big of a selection of stores)." Most of the place is closed right now. I was told it was remodeling but I am not sure.  What is there is good but there is not much to see right now at the cultural center. There is an herbal store the smelled of earthy tea upon entering. I quickly became overwhelmed as everything was in Chinese (which for the record I cannot read or speak  but also for the Full Moon festival in Autumn any time is good to visit...great year round shopping and Asian market."  this place looks real nice. There are several events held here throughout the year including Chinese New Years celebrations and the Fall Moon Festival. Not usually the most entertaining performances. The International market that's in this center is AWESOME. You can find just about anything here that doesn't exist in the US!"  and let my mind relax...over all its not that big but worth checking out!!  It also has food and shops to enjoy this great culture."  but it does have several Asian shops and a large Asian gocery store." One could glean more Chinese Culture in Chandler imo"  houses a wide range of businesses aimed at that demographic. Of note is the grocery store which is huge and has a pretty decent little restaurant in the corner. Did I mention that it was also cheap The center seems like it'd have potential if it gave incentive for small businesses to set up shop and stay.  I've heard the lunar festival held here charged admission and was dismal.  It's now not much more than a nearly-empty strip mall with ""Asian"" architecture.  I live up the street and would rather drive to Mesa/Chandler for anything Asian. Sad because I hoped Phoenix could do better." Check was delivered halfway through meal. Thank you very much. You may go now."  I like coming here and going to the shops and looking at all sorts of diff things"  we're open!"" There are restaurants on either side of Ranch Market that may be the same restaurant with different names. The architecture is pretty in a ""Disney does China"" way   but has a lot of unused potential."  but they make up for it in their vegetable selection. The Chinese Herb shop next door is a great place if you are into holistic/Chinese medicine. I wish this place was bigger with more stores  yet very composed search for instant coffee. I am traveling and coffee seems to be weak tea everywhere I've gone and I am too cheap to buy Starbucks every morning.Through previous experiences  taste as good as always!"  this place is on a downward trajectory it appears. Many businesses have closed and there are many vacancies. The ones that are there I don't have much to say other than that it's a really scenic spot great for a casual photo session. I'll let my pictures say the rest :)" double serving. Counter Service were really poor as You have to wait and look for them." Located right off the 202 freeway this is a must see. They have plenty of statues  "This was a beautiful place to visit. It's free and would be fun for the family. You don't see what's in the back behind the 44th street view. There are restaurants 