Thank you so very much Gene Sanes Upholstery." My parents live in Oakland in a condo building with a ridiculously small elevator.  Gene Sanes went above and beyond to make sure this extremely long sofa from my grandma would fit in the elevator at my parents' building.  They brought the sofa mid-upholstery to the building just to make sure it would fit into the elevator.  That is such great customer service it is ridiculous.  It did fit 7XX-2YyRTLVvki-qsM3sVQ Got home and miraculously changed the battery with ease! Very thankful for this Batteries Plus location making the process simple." I went to this store looking for a hard to find mobile phone battery. They did have the battery and because of the great customer service I also bought a battery for my car! Great service and the sales person installed my car battery on the spot. I'm very impressed with this location and I'll definitely return for my battery needs.  and pro-customer service. I am very impressed. He deserves some serious kudos. Thank you!!!"  and 7 ppl on the two basketball courts.  There is upstairs ""track"" which is more like a carpeted circle that goes around the gymnasium and a pool where they have classes.  Its smaller in size We were here on vacation and my daughter needed to train for a swim meet. It was only a 5.00 charge for her to get a day pass to use the pool. Everything was clean and new. The staff was very professional and friendly.  we are so glad they are here.  It has improved steadily over the years and they have unique programs for young people and seniors.  Hopefully the will expand the multi-purpose areas in the future.  overall My main favorite feature of this gym is the specialized childcare. My son had a bit of trouble letting go of me at first when I left him with the daycare area of the gym. However the childcare is so outstanding here at this YMCA in particular  the struggle is real in that department. I guess they don't believe that black folks swim since they only have 1 2 lanes available unless swim lessons are scheduled - it's a wrap."  which are free to all members. She has a strong dance background and she's very energetic and easy to follow." "Played a recent tennis match here and the place is really nice. I would dare say is a massive complex behind the trees off Providence Road. Open for membership to everyone of culture and faith "I went as a guest with a member to a series of yoga classes and they were the best yoga classes I've taken!  The facilities were outstanding and the instructor was terrific! If you are looking for a really nice gym to join that offers a variety of classes and excercise equipment A wonderful place to workout and swim - a true vibrant center of culture and Jewish life in Charlotte.  like a few weeks old here.  I can't wait to continue to explore the facility and the great members we've already met.  It's good to find someplace that really makes you feel welcome."  and basketball courts quite often and they are always clean and very well maintained."  as you have to pull in behind the building and turn the corner of the building at a blind spot. Its about as narrow as one lane The manual car wash is very expensive. I am going to do my car at home from now on. The price of the manual to do a good job approaches a full service wash with interior clean up. Much to my canine companions chagrin  and good value ($10 for full automatic wash and wax). Convenient location and newly remodeled too."  but they also offer wash dry and fold laundry. I cannot say enough good things about this locally owned family business. (And then there's a car wash and a dog wash - A DOG WASH! - and a Culver's within walking distance if you want to sneak a treat when the other half isn't looking. Or you can grab a slice at Falbo's across the street. Or a tallboy It was well worth the money not to have to attempt it at home."  you'll have a great experience!!"  dry and fold your clothes for you (of course for a fee). If you're washer or dryer at home is on the fritz or you have a smaller household then this place is just for you. You can even wash your dog and your car while your clothes are being cleaned because they have that here too."  and with service with a smile. It made my day - thanks they explain your options and quality levels there fully charged and have always been in stock "She is fantastic! I came her to because my boss recomended her...it's always scary taking your wedding dress to someone...especially when you are on a very tight budget. For our wedding there were two brides so we had two dresses  which helped to calm my nerves about the work. Her prices are reasonable and she worked quickly and within my timeline. The results were beautiful. I can't recommend her enough and I'll definitely be taking things there in the future."  she tells you what the dress needs and the costs up front. She is fast and works with your schedule. She really seems to care that you are happy with her work.  Definitely recommend!" Best spot ever. Take your stuff here. You won't be disappointed." "Darlene is awesome. I had to have my bridesmaid dress taken in in the bust and had to have it done in under a week. Darlene did an awesome job on the alteration and had it done in six days. I paid $45 "Did great work the first time. The second time I brought a pair of new jeans in for hemming that had been worn for a few hours to make sure they fit well. The woman working the counter claimed that the small amount of dust on the original hem from this wear constituted soiling Truly as good as it gets." "Darlene can work wonders on clothes that don't fit right. I've been coming to her for 2 years  service is fast and professional--and Darlene is a delight. I will be coming here for all my future alteration needs!"  at best the service is inefficient and slow. As a direct result of this interaction I will not do business with Altered States Alterations now or at any time in the future." Happy the wedding stuff is done and now I can start getting my regular stuff tailored.  I have a pile of jeans and jackets waiting." "I have used Darlene for multiple bridesmaids dresses over the years and she has always been great. This time she managed to get a bridesmaid dress that was ordered pre-pregnancy to fit me in the late stages of pregnancy. Amazingly  just gave it the complete tune up and called to say they were finished with it just two days later.  I brought it home and it's working as well as when it was new.  I was afraid I would have to pick up an expensive vacuum in order to pick up dog hair in our house  even though it wasn't necessarily the most expensive one. We got a Miele and it's absolutely blown us away; there is a factory warranty on the motor "Tommy Tucker sells the highest quality vacuum cleaners....and they are ALL ABOUT service as well!  They recently helped me unclog a vacuum hose and didn't charge me for their trouble.  (And it was not the vacuum I had purchased there several years ago).  They are always friendly  was very professional and had my dishwasher fixed in less than 20 minutes.  His prices are reasonable and his work was top rate.  I would highly recommend his company and will definitely use them again." "John is warm and trustworthy! He is reasonably priced and does reliable work. He repaired our refrigerator and was able to repair it right away. I would welcome him in my home anytime  he had everything and got'er done! The time he was here I could hear his phone ringing and he never answered it! He made sure I was his concern while he was here. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND calling John if you are in need of some repair for your appliances! I did read the few reviews on Yelp while he was here and all of the positive comments where spot on! In short if you need a repair guy and don't call John you are doing yourself a huge disservice!" John came over on the same day that I contacted him and he kindly explained to me why my dryer wasn't drying as it normally does. He then advised me on how I can easily fix it on my own! Amazing. I will be calling him when a real repair is needed! "I agree with the previous review by Samantha regarding the service. There are guys who will flat out ignore you and some that will really go out of their way. I purchased my fairly high dollar Kona from them a couple years ago and have been happy with the way they treated me since. Jorge comes across extremely gruff  the prices are comparable.  What you are really paying for is knowledge and service.  The service sucks at the pig.  Buy your bike else where  found out about a local bmx/bike concrete park in the area. Definitely headed there straight after."  and reminded me why it is almost always worth it to seek out small "Rock on Slippery Pig.  I  bought bike for my daughter and within a week  she got a flat.  She was crushed.  It was on a Saturday and I had heard about the Slippery Pig so I took  the bike up there.  The store was busy 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q  some might say they deserve 4 because I am being too tough. I am pretty easy going and patient and the fact that I am still left with a bike that needs adjustment after dropping $70  I want help. The help I got came of as condescending and I left the store with a bad taste in my mouth about coming back. Hope others have a better experience!"  or they are incompetent. I think a little of both are involved. Because of this  as that is when they move into the new place next door to Lux coffee shop on Central Avenue. you should get in there if you need lights or bike pumps  I was told the back wheel was not true.  It was true for the whole short week since I purchased it from Walmart.  I plan to take it to their competitor (Landis) and pay the extra $15-$25) to have the wheel put back to the straight condition it was in when I brought it to Slippery Pig in the first place.   I would never give a shop another penny for an extra service I should never have needed on a brand new bike which coasted perfectly when I brought it in." Definitely recommend them as friendly  etc. Eric even took the time to give me a mini lesson on how to fix a flat/replace a tube and how to adjust the clips on my shoes (after he took the time to secure them in for me in the first place). This was not because his bike shop was quiet and there wasn't any other work to do...this is because that is just the kind of guy he is and the type of bike shop he runs. You might have to wait a while to get help when its busy but they're gonna take good care of you when they do. The guys are a laid back group who love to shoot the shit and talk about bikes  I think I'll bring my bike here for parts and service in the future.  It's closer to my house "I've tried so hard after countless opportunities that you guys had just to be an acceptable go to bike shop...you've failed just about every time.  Horrible customer service countless times  which is really a plus in my book;  expect dogs to sniff your butt and lick your legs (...and more)...while you browse.  Eli and his his Cally are adorable...." Good selection for store size." I had a very expensive and painful lesson in buying mountain bikes.  Don't go to the slippery pigs  aka ""Fat Bike""...  They ""had one that  needed to be built.""  I said: ""Build it and I will come.""  I rode out of there a couple of hours later with the coolest bike I have ever owned.  The staff was totally hip and cool and GREAT and communicating and relating to my needs as a cyclist. I would not go anywhere else.  Do yourself a favor and buy your next bike at  the Slippery Pig."  these people really do have a cool thing going on.  Patronize this place; I doubt you'll regret it." I'll reserve a fifth star for when I either buy a bike or get some more substantial service here. In the meantime 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q Could it be the client service was directly related to my relationship with the staff.  You decide.  Could I have saved more buying on-line?  Sure.  But if you're in the mtb scene it's all about community.  I know the folks at Flat Tire These guys really know their stuff. I really enjoy visiting about bikes and it seems that they do too. They are always willing to offer suggestions as well as give me what I want even if it strays from their suggestions. The owner and sporting professionals that work here are some of the best in the valley. bb.  because your man with the beard right behind you set it up like this a few weeks ago." I'm a slippery pig customer for life!"  one of the techs was cooking some up in the back. So I showed him my ink and he offered me a piece. They did an initial inspection of my bike and told me it would be done by Wednesday. Unfortunately  and always a job well done. Even if it's as simple as a flat tire or a broken chain."  the guy that helped us out said to bring it back tomorrow and they would fix it.  Yikes.  But once we explained that we would be riding the bikes home he let us bring it back in and they quickly tightened the chain.  No problems since!"  great shop and tons of accessories/parts for no matter what you ride. I was very impressed and I plan on going back regularly. I moved to Phx from Tempe and was worried about ho would be my new bike shop."  and they organize night rides which are funnnn." This shop is located close to my house and Eric and Eli are hilarious and also know a thing or two about bikes. They also do a great job of supporting the riding community. I have been to slippery pig a half a dozen times in the last few months since moving in nearby. I have nothing but great things to say about the shop. They are friendly and courteous and I haven't experienced any of that bike snobbery that comes with LBS. I am glad I found a local shop with great service I am a fan and I will be back for all my bike needs." 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q Love this place great staff good prices  the staff is there to answer questions love my local businesses  Landis and PHX Bike. Neither one of these places hold a candle to Slippery Pig. You're greeted before the door even swings shut behind you. Everyone is SUPER nice and knowledgeable. Service is always quick. They even go above and beyond what you ask them to do. My most recent trip brought me in to fix a flat on my beach cruiser. I left it there The second time I came into this shop was because I needed my fox rear shop sent in for warranty work. I gave him the shock and it was sent in to fox. I was told there would be a 10 day turn around to get it fixed and back at the shop ready for pickup. Fox called the shop and told them my shock was no longer available. I was originally told that it would cost $100 to get it fixed with the warranty through fox. After fox called the shop and told them they didn't have my shock any more  or asked if I had any questions about the bikes. They just completely and outright ignored me like I wasn't there. Don't suggest going there if you're a woman because a guy walked in behind me and he was helped right away. If I could give 0 stars I would."  shame on me.  Ignore me three times I'd gladly recommend anybody here and as far as I'm concerned this is the best bike shop in Cen_Pho."  these guys really impressed me with their friendliness and willingness to find out what I wanted to do with a bike. One bike shop I went into just looked at me and pointed out a cruiser  I don't recommend this place."  and were laid back and courteous.  I love that my cruiser feels like new again.  Thanks guys!!  Because of that great experience I brought a newly purchased single gear bike here to have a new saddle installed.  The nice gentleman helping noticed the stripped hex bolt on the seat post and replaced it First ride went well. I will be back to support the shop"  trustworthy and fun to be in. I found a bike home at Slippery Pig. Not only did they beat every shops price on the brand new this year model women's specific Amira but they did a professional fit free of charge!!! That's unheard of. My first 100 mile tune up was also free. I've been back in the shop just to hang out "I have been there several times over the last month since I started biking more. The community is great and they go out of their way to try to get you what you need. Even if you're not a big time cycler He then asked me for an astronomical price for something that should cost very little. I asked what the problem was and he said that this is the special light weight product and that I would probably rather have the standard issue. This was unknown to me and more complicated because prices were not given for these items. He then walked me back and helped me find exactly what I was looking for. I paid and was on my way knowing I would never return to this shop."  brakes readjusted (overfilled) and a brand new chain because the chain was a link too short causing shift issues."  and they went above and beyond what any shop has ever done for me.  I am a loyal customer and will recommend this place to riders of all levels." These guys are great and super helpful!  I am just starting to get into biking and they were very helpful with everything.  They even assembled my bike rack and put it on my xterra for me and showed me how to strap my bike in.  I will be bring friends and family back to shop for their bikes here too! "Terrific service.  Was having problems changing out pedals; took it in late on a Saturday and they changed them out right away "I bought my sister a beach cruiser for xmas and didn't have the tools to finish putting it together .  I took it to The Slippery Pig and they offered me assistance almost immediately.   They were knowledgable "Every time I've come in someone helped me immediately  friendly and knowledgeable. Great selection of quality bikes and accessories too! Eric  and the service was once again impeccable! I cannot rave enough about this shop. Yes they get busy and may not be able to get right to you but be patient as they are very knowledgeable and will never make you feel rushed or ignorant. If your in central Phoenix  but this error has had a major impact on our trip. We are now in Mexico with an ineffective tire. They could have at least offered some sort of discount  I've had to frequent this shop for many different bike needs related to bike theft (Oh A solid experience at the Pig..not sure why its called that but I bought two bikes and was given a host of info and prompt service. I felt like these guys care enough to take care of you after the purchase. Also they were understanding of my beginner needs without making me feel stupid - My neighbor recommended these guys and they didn't disappoint. From my first call the five star service began. I traveled from Chicago to do a Triathlon with some friends. I didn't want the expense or the hassle of shipping my bicycle so I called Slippery Pig on a friends recommendation. I was able to rent a great bike for the event and they bent over backwards to make sure I had everything I needed. The selection of bicycles in inventory was vast and they are really knowledgable. Make sure to stop in!  very poor!!! We bought a bike on Saturday and we had a flat on Tuesday and we were mislead by their salesperson. She said that if we had a flat with in a couple of days of purchase that it would be complimentary to fix.  Not so!!!  We spoke with the owner Eric and he said that was not true.  He mention that he would talk with his sales person.  Eric did not charge us labor to fix the flat just charge to replace the tube.  I would give them no stars but the tech did upgrade the tubing for the standard tubing rate.  If you don't care about customer service or do not care about being mislead then this is the bike shop for you.  However  but now they have a customer - for the future - and I just e-mailed them about renting a bike later in the summer. It is also right across the street fom the light rail I wish I had recorded my experience." I seriously could not recommend this place any higher.  Places like THIS are why you go to the LBS over a big box store." 42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q  but Slippery Pig is not that place. The staff are helpful to beginners and still can handle the finicky experts. Regular customers are treated like family!" Great prices. Owner is awesome. Manager is soso. .  Thanks guys for the three new bikes.  and beat his black lab on the sidewalk. Animal abuse is inexcusable behavior. I certainly will not patronize this place again." My advice to management is to keep Employee Mike in the back where he can safely change flat tires These guys are great!!! Eric is great and very easy to work with. I drove by about 6 bike shops to buy my new 6Fattie (Orange) and it was well worth it. I will use them for all of my ongoing bike needs. I highly recommend this casual bike shop that loves mountain bikes. You just want to hang out there all day! This is a little piece of bicycle heaven! Another Yelp score! The guys in the shop greeted me with a smile. They knew exactly what I needed and took care of me quickly. I was really impressed by the service! Came in to have a bike serviced that I had purchased online. Staff was friendly and got the bike running in great condition. Prompt and courteous.  unknowingly they only sold mountain bikes. Tried asking questions to get more information and refused to help."  but glad I did and being very close to home is a plus for my services. Thanks gents!" Lacks customer service and help when shop is busy." I am appalled with her behavior and the pharmacy's service." "This awesome pharmacy is a throw back to the good ol days before the big box shops took over with their huge outlets and lack of personal service. I love CVP! They remember your name Have been using CVP since it opened in the 1970's. The service is fantastic and the people are outstanding. Since I moved to North Scottsdale it is not as convenient but I still would not use another Pharmacy!  I found Camelback Compounding Pharmacy in my own backyard! Wonderful and so helpful even on a Saturday!"  it was ready to go. The employees were awesome. I couldn't ask for a better experience."  they'll take your used electronics and recycle them to Strut and Westech.  Other than that amazing and awesome convenience "These guys are awesome! Had a technical failure with a BMW remote key access and they provided a solution  and their prices are just right. Where else can you get your car's auto entry lock checked and installed for less than $5." It's nice to know that there is a place where you can usually get something that you need that is not carried by many other places.  They even will replace your iPhone battery!  Of course they sell more than just batteries we also have a great selection of lightbulbs.  I also bought a 6 V trickle charger while I was there. I highly recommend Batteries Plus Bulbs anytime you need a battery or bulb."  the vibe here was pretty negative. I get a feeling like the staff doesn't really want any business.  On one occasion I was in to purchase 4 small rechargeable batteries "If it has a battery and you need one just go to Batteries Plus. They have it and if they don't you don't need it.  Don't waste your time driving around to other places looking for a battery - save time "I rent from here often and have always had a good experience. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The service is quick  was a joy to work with- very responsive and helpful (which was great as my order changed a lot of times). She made sure my order was right and worked closely with me to ensure everything was perfect. They delivered and picked up everything exactly as promised and were very professional and fast. They also have tons to choose from and will help you make the best choice for your money. Pricing was competitive too. Highly recommend!"  nobody came in. Not really my job as the customer to go LOOKING for a warm body. Found the prices on the list to be higher  we were able to rent heating lamps at the last minute. Everyone that works at A to Z is really nice. The only issue that we had was that our items didn't get to us in the morning as promised. They didn't arrive until 3pm Pro tip: rent on Friday after 4pm. You can return it Monday morning  I would recommend going here.  Maybe a little more expensive but the quality of the rental experience and the equipment itself says five stars to me."  I just was hoping that you would meet the schedule you had asked for on the equipment pick-up.  I advised that the heaters were on the patio where the delivery technician had placed them the day prior.   The gentleman at A to Z said that again they needed to charge me more money as a ""set-up"" charge to get them off my patio etc off of the curb and into the actual location of the event.  I gave them 1 star only because you have to in order to post a review." VWBEoMFhY-aIjQPs_86hqA Perfect on the drop off of rented tables and chairs but when it came to pick up on the Monday morning absolutely useless. My wife and I took a day off work with the plan that we would go out for the day once these people had picked up but when I hadn't heard from them by 11.40 I decided to call. The response was we are running behind schedule because Monday's are always busy but we should be there in another couple of hours so there goes our vacation day wasted. I would not recommend this company. Tip: first timers might have some trouble finding where to park. You go behind the street-front building and angle park in front of the back building. Then you drive out through the street-front building  and more for a birthday party. Long story short- they have horrible customer service and I was told there is no guarantee on time of delivery. They were unable to work with me and could not offer a solution. If you are looking for a party rental company- call Michael at rentaffordable.com in Tempe. A-z is awful." "This company is awesome! It is very well run and all the staff is well trained and knowledgeable. I appreciate that they do not charge a damage waiver fee that actually covers nothing unlike other companies; honest business.... very refreshing! i would highly recommend A to Z for any project you have on tap.... All their equipment is expertly serviced and ready for use. Don't go anywhere else "Customer service is not a priority at this business.  I was a die hard customer until a piece of equipment needed a repair during the warranty period.  Every time I spoke with someone I was told a different story as to why the repair wasn't covered under the warranty and each time I spoke to someone about the repairs needed I received a different quote.  I finally got them to agree to me paying for the parts and they would waive the labor.  When it came time to pick up my equipment A to Z Rentals ended up ruining something important to me. If I would have seen all of the one and two star reviews on here before I rented I would have saved a lot of time  because from reading other reviews below there crooks apparently I was very impressed with the customer service.  While I was waiting for my equipment to be brought out at least five different people asked me if I was being helped.  Everyone was very courteous and the equipment worked perfectly.  I won't hesitate to come back whenever I need to rent some equipment and I'll recommend the store to others.  but this will probably be the last time.  We had several problems with equipment that we recently rented.  Instructions were wrong and some of the parts were missing. We had to make two extra trips back to the store during the course of the rental. Staff members and even the store manager were not empathetic.  I called the corporate office to speak with someone to share my concerns I look forward to volunteering at the Desert Mission Food Bank on November 1st.  If you are reading this and interested in joining (we'll have a small group)  it was a really eye opening experience.  I am already looking for other ways I can help the deserving organization.  Check them out!"  you should give them a call.  And even if that's all you think you want - if you're in the area you might want to go by because based on what kind of product you're using it for I even asked for a good place to eat...such a Yelper."  was less than 2 years old and only needed a recharge.  In conclusion...Batteries Plus will rip off your grandma.  Beware of the bait and switch." "These guys are great....they have every battery you could possibly want from watch batteries to laptop batteries....and all for great prices. I went in the other day to get a laptop battery after finding one online through my wife's employee discount purchase program for 101.00. However since I don't really like to wait on things....I went to this locale to see how much it would cost because I knew they had it. The battery originally cost 100.00 bucks but when I told the guy behind the counter about the deal I got online....he sold me the brand new battery for 89.00....with a one year warranty to boot. So I left the store with battery in hand....one year warranty...and a big smile on my face. Eat They had the battery in stock so it was much more convenient." Thank you Batteries Plus....Job well done." I would recommend this place if you are in search of a battery for your various needs." Great neighborhood location to recycle batteries.  fast service and I left happy. They found what I needed in a matter of seconds!"  called me back as promised on time and  with no extra charge."  but lately I was having trouble getting there before closing time. This place is open til 8pm on weekdays and 7pm on Saturdays!  Even 10-5pm on Sundays!!  This is great news." Called this store Sunday after my car would not start.  I talked to a salesperson named Josh.  I told him I was having car trouble and wanted to buy a battery for my car as well as have them install it.  He would not sell me a battery or promise that they could do any install on Sunday as there were only 2 people working that day. With service departments closed I stressed that I really needed their help and could not afford to be stranded.  Josh refused to help me and insisted that I take it to a dealership for service as my battery was probably under warranty. I stressed because it was a Sunday I did not care about a warranty.   I just wanted to buy and have a new battery installed.  This salesperson refused to help me.  Having owned my own business for many years I thought the owner of this location would like to know that they lost a sale due to the  lack of initiative and willingness to help by this staff member.  then you select the store nearest you and check stock. Then you arrive there to purchase the battery and they tell you they DO NOT HONOR THE INTERNET PRICES. When the internet site directs you to a store they should honor the price." Went here on Sunday to get batteries for our car remote and garage door opener. Took about 2 minutes total. The sales associate was super friendly and efficient. Will be coming back here in the future as needed.  and my only complaint is it once wasn't installed correctly and my car shut down dangerously while I was driving in a parking lot later that day. Other than that he said no problem I can fix all three and be ready in three hours" "Big thanks to Mike and his staff at this location! I called and asked for a particular battery  they helped several customers on the phone as well as (of course) the walkins. One recurring theme; know the model # of your laptop (or other battery powered appliance)."  new battery in my work truck and system checked within 15 minutes "Called this store last Saturday to confirm that they still had the old electronics recycling program.  Was told to ""Bring it in"". Since I live 24 miles away I drove to the store on Sunday to recycle an old PC and purchase 3 batteries and some bulbs. I was greeted by Josh who told me their bins were full and they were not accepting any materials . When I informed Josh that I made a long trip as a result of the phone conversation the prior day he said I shouldn't have been told that. He got very combative and rude. So I left the store without making any purchases I did give this store another chance and was glad that I did. Josh was very cordial and took care of a battery replacement. Good inventory and very professional. Just goes to show that anyone can have a bad day. All is well! Perfect Place to get the *Hard To Find* Battery. Nice enough staff to help me. Quick & Easy. Updating my recommendation: Avoid at all costs."  and did an AMAZING job. What a house SHOULD look like after 4 people cleaned for an entire hour. However A to Z has been cleaning for me since 2007. They have never missed an appointment and always do the job I expect. I am very happy with them and would not leave for anything. Shawn the manager always seems to be there whenever I need something and makes it work out.  I too bought a groupon as a test to see if I could use them in the future. I called to reschedule my appointment 47 hours prior due to unexpected visitors and the manager was very rude and told me it had to be 48 hours and if I wanted to cancel I would be charged a 50 dollar fee. When the ladies arrived the head lady was very rude to the point I felt uncomfortable leaving them in my home for an hour alone but I did and was not impressed with their work at all  after having a baby and some surgery and moving into a new house I decided to splurge on a groupon for this service.  My husband was here when the crew came and says they were friendly and efficient and gave the full amount of service that we paid for.  When I came home "I have used A To Z Housekeeping a couple of times and have always been happy with the results. I appreciate the professionalism and excellent customer service: appointments are routinely confirmed "I have used several different cleanings services over the years. Typically I pick up a discount coupon in an effort to check them out. I like the fact that Shawn got in touch and stayed in touch all the way up to ""the crew is on their way"".  The crew consisted of four workers (which kind of overwhelmed me) but when they got here they were hard at work within a minute or two. An hour later they were on their way and I was very pleased with their work.  My only comment would be they need to get a little better vacuum! I can't account for the up and down ratings but based on the discounted price and the overall performance-I would certainly use them again!" "Leaking spa and controller out of control. These problems were diagnosed properly and I scheduled the repair which was completed properly and I now have a spa working like it should. The store also has everything you need with people to help you if you don't know what you need. I have replaced the cover  knowledgeable staff!  I love my new hot tub cover!"  quoted inaccurately for parts and be hung up on...talk to Bob the manager.  Do yourself a favor and find another parts dealer."  as the owner(s) seem well stocked. Avoid if you can source elsewhere.   Hope BOB finds another job NOT in customer service."  I basically ""gave up"" and decided to figure things out myself.  All the phone calls to the spa manufacture(s) got me no where and hundreds of dollars to countless repair folks 