 it was incredibly affordable.  The giant fish sandwich was $8 and the giant Reuben was $7.50.  Our drinks were always filled and we were checked on several times during the meal.  We will definitely be back!!!  Oh and a bit of advice ahead of time - they take CASH ONLY.  So come prepared Can't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.  and just about everything on the menu  is delicious. I'm not one to pick a place because they give you a lot of food "This place was very good. I found out about Emil's when watching a show called ""25 Things I Love About Pittsburgh"" on WQED hosted by Rick Seback. This place ain't a luxurious restaurant...it's a beer & a shot bar   lounge. But the people are friendly & the food is good. I had the fish sandwich which was great. It ain't in a great part of town "Old school.....traditional ""mom 'n pop"" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp. A great out of the way ack. Went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner. She's very nice all employees are super nice service was excellent i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the Ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable prices. Going back to try the burgers  i heard there enormous and very tasty." Wonderful reuben.  Map shown on Yelp page is incorrect. It is actually a different Hawkins.  I'd recommend a call for directions 412-271-9911. pdHC0oAcG7gNdhuFRAUu0Q Addendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich. Excellent. Truly. A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun). The fish was flavorful  no really. It took us forever to find but well worth it. It is right across the street from the Rankin Police Station. The menu has a wide selection  but the Rankin police station is right across the street.  Almost every visit there I have seen police officers inside mingling with the locals or picking up lunch orders.  Soon I plan to make a visit that's not a Friday during Lent to try other menu items." Other favorites include Reuben  as are the customers who eat there. Ample free parking makes it easy to go there. I didn't worry about the area- the police station is right across the street. Don't leave the Burgh without having (1) their fish sandwich  the food is really good. :)"  if you consider yourself a true Pittsburgher - you must visit this place.  It's one of the few places (Big Jim's in the Run is another) where the spirit of Pittsburgh is alive and hungry.  Please go."  Chrissy has taken what Emil started years ago and built it into a place we will return to again and again. Favorites are the fish and burgers "We had gone to the Frick Mansion for a tour and I told my friends we were stopping off for a lunch in Rankin. There wasn't much enthusiasm about the location but the reluctantly agreed.  We stopped in front and my wife said we aren't going in there are we? Well once the order the food and enjoyed the best Reuben Is a delightful hostess and makes you feel welcome.  Restaurant personnel are pleasant.   I really enjoy visiting Emils when I'm in town   My only regret is that they are closed Mondays.   Worth the trip" "I wouldnt say the best fish sandwich ive ever had...definitely a huge portion but rather bland and nothing special. Very nice people and good service but i would largely disagree with most of the reviews here. Atmosphere was quite drab  there was just a hint of green pepper in the sauce so I probably would avoid anything with red sauce at Emil's but that's just my quirk. I've had the stuffed cabbages there I remember the old man 20 years ago eating a giant size hamburger used asked me questions I miss those days food there is spectacular the fish is to die at four if you never been there just put it on your schedule of your things to do and I promise you you won't be sorry. "Great food  & service every visit. They do so many things right there especially taking care of the customers.  I have always received a hello  but just haven't been out this way lately.  This is now going to change.  Last week we had the wonderful fish - it has always been good.  Last week we stopped on a Tuesday after golf.  The bartender recommended the special of the day - the Chicken Romano with garlic and olive oil pasta.  It was truly outstanding!  I can't wait to go back and have it again!  The homemade Tomato soup with Asiago cheese was delicious as well.  Thanks Chef Tony!"  again - it's that good). My husband had the Shrimp stuffed with crab - wow! Love From what I understand it 'used to be' really good homecooked food. But apparently This place is dirty and smells food is reely bad I took it home and feed it to the dog. Hope he don't get sick from the food like I did. fNGIbpazjTRdXgwRY_NIXA  welcoming and the lounge was busy. It was Friday night and the special was the fish fry.  I ordered the fish and in the meantime I sipped on a draft brew.  The order was delivered to my table in no time.  The fish and sides were tasty and the portion size was large. As I was watching the game and enjoying the heck out of my dinner I noticed a dessert case with a nice selection of cakes.  Well needless to say I got a togo box for what was left of my dinner and ordered a slice of cheesecake.  Another good choice!  At the end of night the Penguins couldn't pull off the win over the Rangers but I definitely have a new ""go to"" when I'm in town.  Another star could be added for a smoke free environment.  I don't smoke but I understand they have a nice outdoor area for those who do."  and former boss all enjoy their food!"  endless soup and salad bar is great. Most food for your dollar. I highly recommend. Great bar. Good place to watch a game. The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings bucket or box. The wait staff is often clueless and changes like the wind. I have never had the same server twice. But the fact is you get a decent meal for a decent price and always have a little to take home. Yes "Great local bar. Theresa does a great job. Sandwiches are excellent. Recommend meatball "To be clear this is not a fancy place by any means. The decor is a little dated and leaves a lot to be desired. The food is basic and simple Generous portions of really great food.  Best fish sandwiches.  Not fancy ...real food for real folks ! Vasta went down hill since the 90's....... They need to attract a different kind of crowd They need to change things up a lot.......  If you want any idea's hit me up I could give your business many ideas how to flip your business around. Hit me up tiffanyshousekeeping@yahoo.com I've been coming hear regularly since I moved to dormont last year and haven't seen any of the issues with a rough crowd the other reviews have spoken of. I've always had great service and there drinks are cheep. Especially the pens game pitchers.  not a place I consider for a full meal (though I've done it). I suggest it for drink potential and perhaps some appetizers." "This is a gret place to go if you like Martini's!  The food is pretty good and the decor is awesome!  There are always some randoms bartending and you're never sure if you'll get a hipster or old mother Hubbard  we had a great time there."  but I often get them with a glass of 'funk.'  They need to clean their lines more often to get rid of that taste  they would definitely deserve a five-star rating." Solid place to grab a martini and listen to some sub-par live music. Far from amazing but hey not everywhere is going to be right? The calmari was excellent and we'll keep them in mind for their extensive dessert menu."  this place was very refreshing . The bar was very crowded but the staff made sure that everyone who came in was waited on right away . Great service tops everything else ." OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw Great time. Went over for drinks after James Taylor concert. Bar had a fun crowd Love the atmosphere and martini menu here. Nothing like a Frosted Grape martini and exposed brick to make you feel like a class act. I've also enjoyed any sandwich or salad I've ever gotten here. Highly recommeded!  we were presently surprised by the variety and quality at a reasonable price. The Buffalo Chicken spread was a flavorful hummus fare served with pita bites that were wonderful while warm. I had the Ahi Tuna Taco Platter that was tasty as well. The house Merlot was short of the $9 glass price "Pretty good.  The martini was weak  pre-performance drink dinner or night out.  There's a small restaurant set up downstairs and then upstairs has a really hip lounge feel.  The tomato bisque is beyond amazing and the desserts are decadent.  But since they have it in the name Nice location near the theater before the show?  Done and done.  I'd be back." I would definitely recommend for appetizers and drinks!" "Olive and Twist is a convenient and rather nice bar to visit if you're staying in the downtown area.  The huge beer list and so so martinis do their job well in attracting the suits and theater crowds in mass numbers.  Finding a seat can be a chore if you come at the wrong hour because no one ever leaves!  The food menu is your typical bar menu and is very well priced.  My party only got the nachos which were good.  Our bartender I can't say this is a south side meat market vibe but the young are here to mix and meet. This particular night we were full of giggles and playful flirtations. There was some kind of CMU business men event going on and within a minute the bar was packed with young eligible bachelors in suits. Way too dressy for my taste but it was fun to talk and check people out. Everyone was friendly and from my perch on the bar it seemed everyone had mixed drinks in hand so I joined in with my signature dirty martini. It was made just right. The ambiance and music was light. I was having a good time and an even better time when offered drinks and striking up conversation. I didn't get to sample the food because we had already eaten but I will def be back. This place would be ideal for a date night. Stay tuned..."  but the food was marginally good. It was very loud as well. Great lighting (Its been a little while since I was there last)" I'd certainly recommend anything with the purred fruit in it (apple  I'm not as big a fan of the food.  The buffalo chicken spread appetizer is great for happy hour but I just didn't love the other items I've tried and the entrees aren't memorable.  I recently discovered the upstairs lounge and it was comfortable and spacious (much more so than the crowded downstairs bar).   If you work downtown and you haven't stopped here for happy hour Not sorry. He sucked." Nothing special for drinks."  and plan on coming back! :]"  as they dimmed the lights and shut off the music we got the hint we've been talking way to long. If she could have been a tid more polite  great art work on the walls and the bartenders were extremely nice and attentive. The happy hour drink prices were also pretty good. I didn't get a chance to try any food but I did wander down for a minute and it seemed like everyone was having a good time. I'll def be back!" "I get it. It gets busy when you're a bartender waitress sometimes. I've been there myself. But you can explain why things are late or why it takes nearly half an hour to pour a glass of wine without being incredibly rude and cold Note - you may want to give them a call first... the upstairs is booked for private parties sometimes and if you're stuck downstairs I'm glad we've become such close friends and you both always welcome me with open arms even when it's been a while."  which I imagine would be neet. People were sure flowing in." For the drop in spot after a show or just happy hour with friends I found this to be a pretty down to earth and decent spot. The waitress was not that great but she was young "Excellent food (especially the tomato basil soup- and I don't even like tomato soup).  Moderate service I thought the service was good.. we sat in the dining area and had someone waiting on us the entire time. We walked by the bar on our way out - it was crowded with several groups of people standing around the bar. I'm glad we were at a table."  they also offer a reasonable selection of beers including microbrews." Went to this place for lunch. My wife order a wrap and I order a salad. Very nice food. The sweet potato fries are wonderful. My smoked duck break salad is wonderful too. Highly recommended. "Found you on Yelp and weren't disappointed. Very friendly waitstaff and good food (bar fare). Yummy desserts. The acoustics downstairs were terrible. Exposed brick everywhere and no noise dampening.  Not the best place for an intimate dinner or quiet conversation on the weekend. But a young  love the calamari. It's so good and spicy. There is an endless list of martinis and one is better than the next. There is a first and second floor  nice atmosphere to chill in the upstairs lounge and hang up with your friends. Classy crowd and much more mature  I'd say it was a fun atmosphere.  It seemed like an older crowd.  One problem was that the performer downstairs was too loud.  I'd say for a more relaxed  a fun atmosphere - pretty diverse crowd."  I think this is probably a way better bar to have a drink in then a restaurant.  I will return to try a martini "The cocktail menu options were mouth-watering. Great place to grab a drink with friends They do lose a star because even though we were one of three occupied tables and a few taken seats at the bar Try the sweet potato fries with a side of honey mustard instead of ketchup. Linda and the rest of the ladies at the bar are awesme.  and the Seared Tuna Salad is a muuuust. If you aren't feeling the salad  if I was going back to Pittsburgh in this area I saw some pretty amazing and tasty martini's being prepared. Olive Or Twist has a martini that is served with sprinkles rimming the glass I think I overheard that it was called the cake batter martini the food is great too!  Stop in for a drink  but one that we felt a little to young and poor for (we're still college students). I think I'd try somewhere else for a nice date night next time I go here pretty often for drinks. They have the best variety of martinis and it's lively in the evenings. The buffalo chicken spread is highlyyyy recommended.  but will probably avoid coming here during its busiest days and hours (i.e. the end of the week and beginning of the weekend)."  and if he's the only one up front who has to seat me I get a distinctly unhappy vibe off him.  Killing him with kindness does not work.  Other than him **Disclaimer:   5 stars doesn't have to mean it's New York City good. It is a simple place and it's not flashy by any means.   I'd take a girl for the beginning of a date or on the opposite end of the spectrum "Only rating the upstairs friday happy hour. It had a nice lounge like feel with a lot of females. Not sure if it's always like this. The bar was trying to get rid of their excess green beer from St Pattys for just $1  we should have just went to the Sharp Edge down the street. Probably a much safer bet for future endeavors."  and people don't realize there's more to this place than just drinks. The food is under rated and tasty. Always on a recommend to other list." It was a great and comfortable experience for a bar. I will be going back soon!"  pleasant and comfortable. I was there on a Friday. The entertainment was excellent (a one-man band by the name of Mark Pipas -- who played music from all genres and rarely took breaks). The bar tenders are friendly and make great drinks  I recently went here for dinner and a drink before a Pirates game.  Both were excellent!"  its one of my favorite cheeses for salad topping!  Service was great here and even though I didn't have a drink here that night I have a previous time and they are yummy!  Love this place and can't wait for my next visit!"  nevertheless.    My husband ordered the Carribean Jerk Chicken Sandwich with a side of broccoli instead of fries.   HE LOVED EVERY BITE.   He was hesitant to even let me have a taste he wanted it all to himself.     Our waitress was so kind and welcoming.   Overall I am not from around the area and was just in town visiting. I would go back Owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal.  or a date.  This is one of my favorite downtown lunch spots!"  just stick to the tried and true. I had a chicken sandwich and I got to the center for an unpleasant surprise: pink meat. Yuck! Aside from that I tried the steak salad which was a major disappointment since the meat was gristly and tough. Overall stop in for your favorite wrap and a special flavored martini "A beautiful little bar with an exciting ""martini"" list - do step outside your comfort zone and try one of the crafted drinks." Food was really good.  Service was very good.  I'd recommend making a reservation.  We didn't and had to leave earlier than we wanted to.  and there were only 2 or 3 full tables in the ""dining room"". The crowd was full of 40 somethings and there was a cover band  mashed potatoes.  A colleague ordered the pesto pasta dish which looked delicious.  We didn't order drinks but in past visits they have a really nice variety of beer and I tried the Banana Bread beer (available in bottles) which is so tasty!! My only complaint was that it took a while for the waitress to take our orders and bring out the checks but it was very crowded with large parties. We stayed at our table after dinner to finish up some work and they did not mind which was great!" My happy hour hot spot! My friends are addicted to the buffalo chicken dip. Drink specials and great food selection.  the blackened salmon and the steak salad. All the food was fabulous. I ordered the tiramisu martini and had to have a second one it was so good. Finally "This place was pretty good for a Friday night out. My husband and I shared a calamari appetizer that was really great. We were both a little disappointed with our main courses - tuna and salmon. Cocktails were good and strong Love olive or twist. Chill atmosphere. Great drinks! "This place is pretty good. The buffalo chicken spread and the jerked salmon are awesome. The service is always good especially at the bar. They have an upstairs lounge that is open for happy hour during the week. If you are looking to grab a few drinks after work with friends  super tasty. I could snack on the candied walnuts all day. Then the buffalo chicken spread. Presentation was great-in a martini glass. The pita chips were delic! But where was the chicken? I searched through the entire martini glass "Truffle fries to die for & unique delicious cocktails w friendly staff to boot! They could use a door curtain to keep the cold chill out as it floods the bar area every time someone enters or exits but a nice My favorite bar in town love the live music and the martinis - fave is the strawberry shortcake!  I am feening for it. LOL.  I had the cake batter martini and the chocolate covered pretzel.  Sooo good! They got really creative here with the martinis and the presentation.  Definitely 5 stars for the martini bar :)  Will go back to taste the rest!" "We went here for drinks and a bite before a concert at nearby Byham theater. We had wings and a piece of cookies and cream cake. Both were outstanding. We both had the Fat Gary's Ale  avoid this place. When one of your co-workers suggests a work happy hour I really like this bar . When we first went in there was no room at the downstairs bar so we went up to the very pretty bar that was not crowded at all. They had the same happy hour prices and  the service was great..  friendly service! ... and did I mention happy hour?"  but I have to say that I really enjoyed my time. Only planning to get 1 drink I ended up getting 3 drinks. I loved the inside of the bar and my waitress was incredibly nice and pleasant to deal with. The drinks were very good and reasonably priced. All in all I will definitely be back!"  it was pretty delicious. I will be going back!"  get a drink off the menu - well worth the price and yuuuuuumy taste!"  if you want to feel transported from Pittsburgh and imagine yourself in a hip little bar restaurant in a more trendy city We arrived here before a show across the street and also had a groupon to accommodate. It took a little longer to be seated than we had anticipated but the wait staff was so accommodating and made sure to make recommendations on how long we had to eat. Fianc and I both went for the crab cake sandwiches and they were delicious. We also couldn't get enough of the fries! We even made it out of there with just a little time to spare when we thought for sure we would end up being late. I really cannot say enough about our wonderful waiter and it is very sad that I can't seem to remember his name as it has been so long since we've been."  very disappointed.  I wanted to love Olive or Twist because I really enjoyed the time I had visited for a drink  but not until around 7 so we had time to enjoy ourselves. I got the jerk chicken sandwich on the recommendation of the server and I have to tell you it was delicious!! The chicken wasn't too dry and the jerk seasonings were perfect. I also got the sweet potato fries for a side and they were very good. I wish they were a little more crispy  during the Three Rivers Art Fest. We were secluded in the upstairs area. I loved the atmosphere (very classy)  and the martinis (very unique and tasty). We dropped serious money on the drinks. We had a coupon from Foursquare for a free appetizer. I ordered the truffle fries Don't go here for anything but the walls and music." "So I decided to surprise my fianc one night by taking her here(because we've been talking about doing so for a while). We both got martinis and the nachos and buffalo spread apps. The martinis were just ok "This place is good for drink before and after shows. I always wanted to try their food This is my second time coming and I still love it and especially the Buffalo chicken spread! The atmosphere is a little dark for lunch time but over all it was a good experience.The service was also great.  which was so sweet I had to send it back. The food was mediocre. I ordered the burger medium and it was over cooked to nearly well done. And then there was the cheesy lounge singer who sang a mishmosh of singer songwriter tunes from the 80s. The music was so loud and so bad that my friends I left and headed down the street to Butcher and the Rye." Good drinks (I had the guava margarita and the peach martini) and great music selection. I didn't eat - but I plan on going back soon to try the food!  strong martini. I ordered the ""Perfect Pear"" martini recently and it was very strong tasting compared to the other time I had it. You get your money's worth of alcohol in their martinis for sure! This definitely is not a place where you get a watered down drink. The place is dimly lit and the walls are dark Maybe I will return for a drink or two one day."  but we were the only people in the bar area by 8:00.  Hopefully it was just a fluke because I liked Olive or Twist!" My family and I went to Olive or Twist before a Pirate Game. The food was delicious! I had the crab cake sandwich. The happy hour specials were also a plus. I had a cake batter martini which was tasty! The location is also convenient for anyone going to a game. We walked over Roberto Clemente bridge and were right there. We will definitely be going back! Great work Olive or Twist! We came here for drinks on a Friday night. They had a few good scotchs to select from and the upstairs had a nice crowd which wasn't too packed. Everyone cleared out by about 12:30 am.  but the food quality has definitely taken a downward turn over the past year. I was recently at the bar and was overcome by a foul smell. For those of you that know what Urnex is Your best bet is to head there after work for the martinis and then head around the corner to Six Penn for food."  we ended our night outside as they have a few tables and chairs. This is always the best because sometimes it's nice to escape the madness of a bar Love this place!!! The drinks are good and the location is perfect! Avoid whenever there are major events downtown though can get pretty wild  love the atmosphere and especially love the martinis!" Jesse from Bob Evans down the road is far superior to the condescending server here. We highly recommend Jesse."  loved their drinks. The waitresses were very accommodating and didn't hesitant when we asked them to split a check multiple ways. The crowd at Olive and Twist P. S. They also had an upstairs not sure what was going on up there. Thinking maybe it was a restaurant cause kids were going up with adults." 3hMP1xJ1egtG913C_fXgDQ  and then even longer to order. The drinks came up to us separately and it took a long time to make each. Despite the wait This is not our first time stopping at Olive or twist and it will not be our last!"  once I can convince my friends to stop by for a drink.  I'd love to check out the happy hour  I went with an Espresso Manhattan Martini.  This was defreakinlishious... I love coffee and I love manhattans so the two went together like peas and carrots.  Our service was mixed.  Some bartenders seemed more helpful and interested in waiting on us than others.  This was also my experience from last time.  This time we didn't order food though we were pretty hungry and went elsewhere to eat.  Our last meal here was not worth duplicating.  We both had an Olive or Twist Burger  so take this with the proverbial grain of salt. This is the my bar of choice when I'm in town and going out with my Yinzer colleagues for after-work libations. They have good happy hour specials Great food and tasty cocktails! And if you're out and about later in the evening it's a great atmosphere that's not your average loud bar. The crab cake sandwich was DELICIOUS!  but I wish the cocktails were made using fresher ingredients."  a fun place to go and delicious drinks!!" Great appetizers in the heart of the Cultural District! I was sad that we barely missed the 4PM-6PM Happy Hour (Monday-Thursday)  a bartender with brown hair and boobs hanging out came over and very rudely asked ""ugh are you all on separate checks?"" We shook off that comment and told her we were waiting until 4 to order since that's when happy hour started and she said ""ok a cocktail waitress can take care of u then"" and walked away. Other than her rudeness  dessert. The dessert xango was omg great! The wings here were pretty tasty but their scallop dish could have used more flavor. We came here on a Wed night and it was hella crowded. I made a reservation and we still had to wait 20 minutes for our spot! The space is tiny  is that I think the serving portions are a little less than what we here in America have grown accustomed to. Most restaurants serve you much more food than you really should consume and that's one of the reasons why we here in America have more of an obesity issue than other nations."  the fried calamari and their version of a caprese salad. Food was really great - calamari came out hot and crispy with a spicy dipping sauce and the caprese salad was very fresh with a drizzle of balsamic and a fregula couscous salad underneath tossed in the the same dressing. Very good! I would like to come back here to check out some more of their menu." I'm not sure I'd want to come here for dinner. But I would absolutely come here for lunch again. Especially since we didn't have room for dessert  once we got it. I tipped the server generously The appetizer part of the menu was good and priced right so I'd come back and just try something else next time."  stop by this fine establishment. You'll have a great time." Great place. The drinks were good. But the band sucks. I didn't order any food so I'm not able to comment on that... however I can tell you that the bartender was friendly and that the place has a nice calming atmosphere.... besides the crappy music I have no complaints. Have loved every martini I've tried! I especially loved the caramel apple in the Fall! Great spot for happy hour with friends! All in all it was an interesting restaurant and definitely a good place for a drink or two if your downtown in the area." Not a fan of the service. Or I should say lack of. It literally killed me to leave a tip. No one deserves it. And I once tipped a server that never even waited on me before she left for the day. I overtip EVERYBODY and today it was all I could do to leave 20%. "I had the Pork Belly sandwich with sweet potato fries  and he was very kind about the misunderstanding. We wound up going with several glasses of the cabernet on special as well as two appetizers and two martinis to wash it all down with. Everything was delicious. The calamari was a little cloyingly sweet for me (I would have strongly preferred more crunch and spice) but the rare ahi tuna app was savory with an interesting texture and very much to my liking! I was able to use a recently purchased Yelp voucher for $20 Beautiful night on the patio enjoying a crab pesto pizza.  Crispy crust and delicious. My companion had the chicken and artichoke pizza which she enjoyed.  Service is very good.  I have the Lemon Ice martini which is very good as well.  A great experience overall.  excellent.  Steak sandwich and salad was very good. 2x IPA Strongbow made my palate complete.  Bartenders attentive too..Well done."  can't go wrong with those on it. The drink menu didn't seem to have prices for the martinis on it but we assumed they would be expensive so didn't get one  I purchased a Groupon. The seating is very limited so reservations on a Friday or Saturday night are a must. The menu is very limited with only about 5 or 6 entrees not including sandwiches and wraps that are offered.  So check out the menu online to make sure you find something you like. It is very noisy due to the small seating area  but you get what you pay for and I'm willing to occasionally shell out the extra dough for a good meal with awesome service." Love their Martinis! The birthday cake martini is my fav. It's a good place to go after work to hang out for a few hours. Like the upstairs vibe more.  you have found the perfect place for a bad combination. Upon entering the door at 3:40 pm the hostess said to us (my daughter and I)"" We can seat you if you promise to leave by 6pm""  we would come during happy hour.  I feel like getting drinks and an appetizer slightly cheaper during happy hour would be the way to enjoy Olive or Twist the most." Probably one of the best martini bars anywhere in the area. I've been here numerous times and have always enjoyed it here. Drinks are amazing and you get a good buzz off of just one martini. Very generous pours here. Can be pricey if you have a few though. If you are a female group be prepared to be ignored by the male bartenders.  Stood patiently to get waited at the bar upstairs a male customer came up and he quickly served he pointed out to the bartender we had been standing there and he just looked at him like so what.  Guess the men at olive or Twist only like men. I may stop back in for a nightcap after tonight's Pirates game!" Literally the best meal I've ever eaten great salads w homemade croutons and dressings that are to die for. Tried 3 different martinis all were good but the cookie dough martini is flawless hands down best martini ibe ever had and we love martinis!! The lobster Mac and cheese was perfect along w our service! I'd give it ten stars if I could "I had mixed feelings coming here on a Monday night for dinner after hearing about a really bad experience a friend of mine had not too long ago. We had a groupon that my girlfriend had purchased and we had to use it because it was expiring that week. The place was a bit crowded nothing outrageous that would make us want to go somewhere else My husband and I waited until after 10pm to come here because it was busy for a private event! I had my eyes set on the short ribs which is basically roast!!!!!! Yes roast! Enough said not impressed not happy and being we came up from Syracuse we obviously will never return! $70 bill and it wasn't good at all!!!!! Really like the fact that they can make a mean martini and the romantic decor. If I am ever in the neighborhood I will more than likely hit this place up again!" A really fun and different place to go either for food or just drinks or both!" Great martins! Placed is decorated nicely and is appealing.....but quite noisy. Food was delicious! We are so happy we decided on Olive or Twist for our wedding and would do it again in a heartbeat."  and we were a bit underwhelmed.  I luckily decided to give it another chance.  My mom and I dined here before seeing a show.  We arrived at 6:20 on a Friday and luckily made it in time for happy hour  and this place has it. The food and drinks have been great every time we've stopped by. It can be tough finding a seat during the busy times ie: before and after games and shows  but good service and good drinks. May stop back again." The service was exceptional -- our waitress did a wonderful job and we particularly enjoyed the quiet atmosphere. We did go on a Monday night when I'm sure it was much slower than usual "Love this place! Used to come here a lot when I was in college for apps and drinks before Benedum & Heinz Hall shows. Rather small dining area- you have to make a reservation or get here a little early on those show nights. The sticky wings & buffalo chicken dip w  chips are the best! Also loved the chicken Caesar salad ... Never got it myself but this place is also known for the Martini Sampler during Happy Hours... You'll see many a patron grabbing this fun drink adventure! Check this place out next time you want a modern Luckily an establishment in the area heard our issue and was SYMPATHETIC and worked with us to resolve our issue.  I will never set foot in that place again or spend a single cent there ever."  turkey and other goodies with a side of fresh fruit and my mom had the chicken sandwich with snap peas. We both loved our sandwiches. Mine was spicy but not overwhelming and just packed with fresh and delicious flavors. The fruit was fresh too and super tasty. My mom loved her sandwich and her snap peas were cooked and seasoned perfectly. To top it all off our server was incredibly attentive to our table and very friendly. I look forward to returning!" Olive or Twist is good for a cocktail  Salmon sadly overlooked to the point that I am about to send everything back. The quality of the wine and the sympathetic waitress were the only aspects keeping me from fleeing me seat. In short OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw I stopped in for an happy hour drink. This place was jammed pack no seating at the downstairs bar so I proceeded to the upstairs bar lounge area. The upstairs has a bar and some couch seating areas that apparently u can reserve.... I ordered the chocolate covered pretzel martini which was very good. It took awhile for it to arrive but it was good. We ordered nachos as an appetizer and was very disappointed. They failed to put the salsa on them. Which I wasn't going to send them back because it took way to long for us to receive them. If you had a long day at work and want to sit at the bar and have a drink I would advise to get there super early or you'll be waiting for a seat and drinks.  appropriately mature atmosphere and an attentive staff. Same order but different outcome I am please to say. The bed of greens was fresh and properly dressed and the salmon was done well and seasoned better than my prior visit. Perhaps it was an Ash Wednesday rush on salmon the last visit or a different cook  and nothing of consequence to dislike. We will be back  very pleasant experience right before going to the cabaret. Would love to go back sometime to try more of their drinks and food!" "I loved the upstairs lounge. It got a bit noisy but otherwise this is my kind of place. Open space Perfect for a happy hour or food before a show.  We even met our friends upstairs the night before our wedding.  There is plenty of space upstairs to mingle." Delicious Martini's! Trendy Ambiance OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw "The food is amazing! Everything we ordered was delightful. Definitely a twist on even the most simple things. Cooked to perfect This place had a really cool feeling to it! We went on a Saturday night and made reservations about 2 wks in advance. The food was all around pretty good but it was definitely tight. You will probably get a elbow or a butt hit you at least once :)  I would totally recommend this to friends looking for a good meal or for a decent happy hour spot!!!" This place has become a usual spot for date night and before events and games. Mainly come for the drinks. The Moscow mules ( my go-to drink) is  made perfectly here with different seasonal options. Apple cider mule is definitely worth going back for in the fall. Bartenders know their stuff and tweak drinks for your preferences. The special martinis never disappoint. I always seem to stick to the pear and rosemary. The food is pretty good. Even better because they often have groupons or deals running. The draft selections were typical with a few rare finds. The best part was the purse hooks under the bar for the ladies. I would give another star but I did not try the food." Tried to order  one of the 5 dinner specials...the lobster mac and cheese and they were out (at only 7 pm... prime time dinner hr).... so I ordered the peppered salmon with mango salsa.... they brought me my meal but with no mango salsa.... just the salmon...all by itself.  I asked the waitress... didn't this come with the mango salsa topping?  She said oh yea it does... but we ran out that's why they didn't put it on..... needless to say.. it would be tough to eat peppered salmon with no salsa or sauce at all to offset the pepper.    I wasn't sure what to do at this point...so she said do you want some other sauce or something?  We asked her to check with the chef as to what he she suggests.  5 min later she comes out and says they r going to make a new batch of mango salsa....I think to myself... I thought you were out and now they are making it?  Why didn't they do that in the first place.  They left my plate in front of me and 10 mins later they come out with a small bowl of salsa... by this time the rest of my table were done with their food...the meal was good with the salsa... but by now I was eating with everyone else done and my food was luke warm.  For a $20 meal at a  high end restaurant. ..This was quite a disappointment. They freshly squeeze the oranges and grapefruits in front of you for your Screwdrivers and Greyhounds so you don't have to worry about nasty impurities from the fruit juice ruining your cocktail.  Why make your liver work harder than it already has to." "My personal favorite Pittsburgh bar. Notorious for fresh juice and strong drinks. For the first few years I lived in pgh this was our standard last stop before heading home. Not once did I remember leaving the bar. Things have slowed down a bit since then  wait for it........ a mrs. packman machine."  this is your neighborhood bar.  If you need to meet someone for a drink and just talk it out - this is the place.  A good friend of mine always points out the ugly carpet.  Yep  and bar seating. One time I came with a group of people (~12) and the regulars looked quite disgruntled to have their seats and environment overrun by social beings. Generally it's just one person behind the bar and if multiple people finish their drink at the same time  and listen to buckets of rain by dylan and your night is complete"  smoky and dark.  That pretty much sums up this little bar."  a lounge (in the very best sense of the word) masquerading (appropriately enough) as a bar.  I wish I could turn down a heretofore unseen alley - or walk through a wardrobe - in Chicago and find myself sitting at the bar." I lived across the street from Mardi Gras for a year.  It was a pleasure I can't begin to describe. "Weird mix of local drunks and school crowd. Drink specials were nice. Had a pint of Brooklyn stout that was only $2.50. Pretty good deal compared to the Miller Light only type specials in other local bars. No tabs or credit cards They don't serve food here either so plan on getting messed up if you don't eat anything before you go. The bar is very dark but a lot of my friends love this place and whenever alumni came back TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw  and may even do magic tricks for you."  giving you a window in the mind of the owners' vision for the gruff no-nonsense watering hole they have created right off of Pittsburgh's most fashionable shopping area. Drinks are poured very generously  but thoroughly enjoy every time I do. I came here alone to watch the superbowl earlier this year If you want a place to listen to some good music TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw P.S. - It was cash only last time I checked."  if that weird looking guy next to you won't. It's a great escape from the bro-scene that is most of Walnut St. and they have booths which themselves would be enough to make me love this place. I've had many sloppy nights here and made many stranger friends. Order a greyhound and watch the bartender squeeze fresh juice into your drink and kick it with strangers at the bar."  and you can't go wrong if you're in the mood for a strong drink."  this place is full of smoke.  It's likely the least sexy bar in all of pgh but its one of my favorites." One of my friends that I was with knew the bartender there and helped us with different recommendations. Drinks are defiantly on the strong side which is ok with me. We grabbed a booth off to the side and enjoyed the rest of the night. I loved the dark 60's music atmosphere there  you can even smoke cigars here. Total throwback This is without a doubt the best alcoholic's bar in Shadyside. Smoking permitted. Extremely strong cocktails. The downside is that its a bit pricey but you are compensated well in alcohol. The bartenders are good people. Downsides: poorly lit - on weekends it can get a bit packed - so packed that you have to stand and in such a small space that's a bit uncomfortable. "Wondered into this place looking for some mixed drinks.  The bartender told us they were known for they fruity drinks  but you're better off bringing money so you don't have to deal with the surcharge."  available to order is a vodka drink made with fresh squeezed fruit." You must try this place"  dark ominous ambiance and lively patrons. According to Le Mardi Gras' website they've also hosted a variety of celebrities including Rocky Marciano I think I had an atypical experience. I would return under the condition that there was a special event occurring." "I moved to California ~2 years ago and miss Mardi Gras more than anything else. Richie and crew provided a home for all "Super super strong drinks. Very smoky and small On the weekends it gets crowded...and smokey. Smoke doesn't generally bother me I just can't do more than three stars. I have a feeling I'll be back here in the future though (my friend loves it)  talking to Brose and listening to good blues on the jukebox. I can't say enough about how great the Mardi Gras is." "Slightly pricier than other bars in the area but you get what you pay for. Any time I get a mixed drink it's 98% alcohol and 2% mixer. I don't think I've ever had more than 2 drinks here because that's really all you need. Great music selection in an old school juke box. The only downside for us nonsmokers is that it is a poorly ventilated smoking bar I know I've been here a few times and yet I have no memory of the experience.  That says it all.  wasn't crowded at all. Bartender was super attentive from the moment we walked in. My girlfriend ordered a Manhattan and I got an Old Fashioned. Both were poured with a heavy hand I hate the smoke - you can smell it in your clothes and hair the next day and it's just gross. Just a heads up in case you're new to Pittsburgh and its insanely lax smoking laws." See you there on a Sunday at last call."  perhaps - where only those in the know appreciate it for what it is.  I definitely recommend you stop by next time you're in the area "Bartender needs to tighten up his false sense of righteousness. Otherwise The only downside to this place is that it is pretty smoky if you are a non-smoker. Otherwise ..we need to head back though." TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw "Mardi Gras is a fun place. Its definitely got a different vibe from most of the other places in the Walnut Street area. The drinks are reasonably priced and the bar service is good. It is definitely the most ""dive-y"" place in the neighborhood "Went here because we saw it on the Food Network Diners Drive-ins and Dives.  Their pierogies were the featured food of course.  It's just a small bar.  We went on a Sunday afternoon and there were a bunch of old guys sitting around the bar smoking and talking about the old days.  The bartender was also our waitress.  Aside from first-impressions We drove well over an hour to eat here. BIG mistake." The food is pretty good especially if you like perogies but good luck getting it. I've been here a few times to see acoustic performances and every time I'm here the waitress spends more time smoking cigarettes at the bar than attending to her tables. 98% of the time I have to go to the bar to get another beer. But damn the perogies are good. If you're a local rummy barfly then this place is for you! But if you're a DDD fan you might want to move on to another DDD spot in Pittsburgh. Not sure why it would be featured on the show. Nadine's was better and they made you feel welcome."  I will go.  The pierogies were 5 stars.  Best I have ever eaten and obviously homemade and HUGE!  The rest of the food was reasonably cheap and pretty tasty.  The wings were pretty great too.  I normally wouldn't even walk into  the fish sandwich is even bigger. Standard bar food on the menu with a few nice Polish selections. Service is nonchalant yet friendly enough. An elderly woman in the back does all the cooking by herself. She is awesome." The bottom line for me is that I am glad that I came here and might be back again depending on what I am looking for.  The food was dirt cheap with our whole bill coming to $22 and it exceeded the expectations that I had given to it whenever we walked in.  However  you won't find it much better anywhere outside of the old country. Go try it."  the slow service makes each experience worse than the one before. We have been here for 40 minutes and still waiting for our soup "Thursday night wing night. Great value.  Wings were outstanding.  Bar keep attentive and friendly.   The place is a dive "Wing night is the best! Have yet to try the rest of the menu items which all look amazing. The bar is a bit smokey but hey  and a dining room in the back for families to eat. Non smoking untill the kitchen closes. They have a Juice Box  great jumbo wings. Very affordable. Will get something polish next time" Authentic neighborhood dive bar with friendly patrons and nice bartenders and waitresses.  Excellent wings and cheap beer.  Check it out before hitting moon dogs for live music! Food is good when the waitress can properly charge you. I get the same meal constantly and pay different prices everytime. Owner is rude & doesn't handle customers well. My job places fairly large orders and they up-charge when there is more people so I advise to place orders separately. They also give smaller portions when you order in a group. Food can be as greasy as the bar is sometimes but i gotta say the pierogies are ok. I  will never place an order for me & my coworkers again.  this place is my absolute favorite place to come and play bluegrass music on a Tuesday nite.  I fly here from TN just to be part of it - when I can :)" Top it off - beer came in a frosty glass. Frosty glades are way under rated. Every bar and restaurant should do this!"  Cutters is a nice place to go smoke a cigar. It's in the Marriott uptown so the people watching is always good and the ambience of the bar itself is creative and comfortable. I have had some good conversations in Cutters. The cigars in the Cutters humidor are (in my opinion) quite overpriced so I usually bring my own. There is 1 excellent 9 foot pocket pool table for those that like to shoot pool And really not smokey." What you can be certain of is the high ratio of men to women. And most men there will have an affinity for cigars and scotch. And that is not a bad thing." "Very cool place to relax and enjoy a good drink.  It wasn't too crowded the night I was there so we had the ""library"" room to ourselves and the service was excellent." 7BVCmaxhvXgEpx7J-SQ4QA  so utilize the valet parking. The bartender will validate that ish for you."  though I'll probably just foot the fee and bring my own selection."  they are friendly and provide first class service.  I will say that the cigar selection is a little disappointing but they don't mind if you bring your own.  As for prices Cutters does not have to worry about my patronage going forward and Marriott should be ashamed to have such poor customer service associated with its brand." I went back a day later and bought a medium grade cigar for my brother and a chocolate flavored cigar by Acid for myself." "The service here is phenomenal. People are very friendly and seem genuinely eager to help. The collection of whiskey and cigars is decent. But A very well managed cigar lounge.  One of the best I've seen.  The staff knows their stock very well. Decor is top notch. The food I had was above board and the atmosphere was incredible.  I will be going back for sure as I have more business in Charlotte...  with a licorice flavor.  It was good and it is something I may try again."  they will help you cut and light for a $5 fee." Buyer beware...you WILL drop at least a Benjamin if you so much as SNEEZE inside this bar...no one ever said high falootin' living came cheap!"  but you may want to bring your own cigars as the markup is a bit steep. Great atmosphere and friendly service nonetheless! Everything a good cigar hangout should be! Leather seats  a liberally poured cocktail and let the days stress depart in the blue smoke of your cigar." 7BVCmaxhvXgEpx7J-SQ4QA Kind of wonky getting into the place.  It's not really in the hotel but it is.  You have to walk in the breezeway before the lobby.  Door is a bit unexpected If you're a fan of cigars or the cigar bar scene and are in Charlotte  the kind of place you would expect when you think of a cigar bar and a good scotch. There is a pool table (maybe two) but I haven't ever seen anyone playing on them.  The drinks are pricey Down Sides: Drinks are fairly pricey and the bar is extremely dark. It's smokey which should be expected since this is a cigar bar." "Don't bother going. Walked in very excited to enjoy a cigar & watch the game. No TV's!  They said they didn't want to take away from their sports bar Was here for a private event and the space is great - lots of large leather chairs and space to hang out. Great selection of scotch and other brown spirits. Pool table as well." This is a great place for a date or a group that plays pool." I love an occasional cigar while traveling out of town.  I found Cutters and decided to have my ritual end of day smoke.  The reviews weren't wrong.  This place will remind you of a 1930's speakeasy.  Ask for Katie. She is awesome.  and they were pricey.  But if you are a out of town traveler staying at that particular Marriott and you have a affinity toward cigars  drinks and cigars I would rank it as acceptable.  I wasn't really there long enough for food so I'll have to chime in on that at another time I suppose.  I do hope to come back some time soon." Cigar bar at the Marriott. Way cool!. I didn't realize they were serving from their bar menu as well as from Savannah Red (great restaurant on property). I had the $8 crabcake appetizer. Lots of lump crabmeat. Definitely a nice bargain. Bartender Sam was very friendly and attentive. Nice crowd. Great cigars. Excellent choices of scotch and gin. My kind of place.  the food was great and the margarita was awesome. The cigar selection was very tiny and way over priced!  I was very disappointed with what I spent on food and drinks. Overall if you are a banker and on and on an expense account  liquor. Just a good place to sit and take a load off." Totally recommendable."  you can smoke inside by the bar or in the luxurious leather  chairs with a tasty beverage.  Con: Their bartender is a little snobby." "I really enjoyed this place.  It has outstanding customer service and a very appealing atmosphere including lots of leather furniture.  Great ventilation with all the cigar smoking.  The only thing this place was missing was TV which I experience at other cigar lounges.   Overall  so no other issues... Next time I would bring my own sticks and pay a $5 cutting fee." "Thanks but no thanks. Turned off by the fact that we had to park a block away because the hotel was sold out for the night.  Called and spoke with the Manager who proceeded to explain why the parking problem existed. If there is establishment inside the hotel Katie and Jamie are great bartenders both of them made a good Tom Collins!"  and bar selection are top notch! Waitresses and bartenders are super friendly and they mix great drinks. A great place to enjoy the finer things in life and converse with the fellas.  The class and ambience of Cutters are unmatched." "Bring your own cigars and pay the cut fee. The atmosphere is great for intimate meets. However  and nice company. Plenty of comfy leather seating.  Great ventilation. They had a nice pool table to shoot a few racks. Great service from Mallorie. Very personable attentive.  Nice ambiance. Friendly people. Great place. Cigars a little more expensive than the norm  we hardly knew ye ..."  and business is steady but not busy. I've never had to wait for a table during lunch  we split checks...shame on us).  If you are going to go through the trouble of doing a special event menu to accomodate a crowd then round out the preparations by staffing appropriately (in the kitchen and the dining room)." "No idea how this place is for food. Just went here to drink and party. It's quite a scene. Various nights have different types of music. Was there on a Wednesday when they played 80s music (LMAO) and then again on Thursday when they had salsa. They smoke here too but it's not as awful as some places with no air circulation. My favorite part about this place...no cover charge. God bless the South. Drinks were reasonable  it's depressing to walk into a bar in Charlotte and only have one or two choices.  Cosmos expands the horizons and I appreciate that."  yet everyone was dressed really nice. Just as a side-note about uptown: I am finding that about a lot of the places we visit; everyone looks really good  but hear that  weekends are fun too.  The bald headed bartender was very friendly and knowledgable.  The IPA I had was really good (but just a tad warm).  I am staying at the Holiday Inn across the street so this is a good low-key find right next to my hotel.   Was described as a Bank Of America bar and not a Wachovia Bar  so if you're into that you may wanna try them. And they usually have some great deals on those  but that wasn't all that went wrong.  We were handed limited menus.  There was some kind of event or show going on that night in Uptown (when isn't there anymore?) and Cosmos was providing a limited menu with only a few simple items (not even their gourmet options) so they could get people in and out quicker.  It was neither the Cosmos experience I was used to nor the birthday experience I wanted." I'd seek the place out again on the next trip to town." Cosmos is a great place for cheap drinks ($7-8 for a martini and $4 margaritas is a great deal) and good Latin music on Thursdays. Place gets pretty packed and the crowd is very diverse (mid 20s-early 40s). I would recommend heading going to the upstairs bar for much faster service. "The food was good but not exceptional.  Sushi was not on the main menu but after I got my food found it was on a separate flier no one gave me.  Beer selection weak.  Might be cooler on a busier night  you pretty much never have to tell him your order again. Great apps!  But I must admit I haven't gone lately due to having to pay to park after 5pm.  Think its ridiculous.  Great people watching !" Make sure to note that Cosmo's sports a limited menu on big event nights and offers half price apps from 5-7 pm. This is definitely a spot to make reservations during event nights!"  especially martinis. Had the chicken pretzel sandwich which was good. Could have done without the tangy relish I would go back if I am ever in Charlotte again."  the service was very good and if you work in the area it seems like a good spot to stop in for a drink.  That said  but it has all the makings to becoming a food-warrior on the mean streets of Queen City. If you do have time  feels a lot more upscale than what the prices actually are - it was surprisingly not very busy for a Friday night either.  I'd definitely recommend Cosmo's if you are going out on the town and want some food Ate at cosmos on a Thursday bogo on tapas ordered chicken quesadilla n needed more sour cream n was charged 50 cent! Ridiculous I will never patronize again. Also the food is just ok not the greatest they should b glad u stop in with all the other choices. I heard there was salsa dancing on certain nights but I'm not sure when (not dinner time on a Friday night obviously).  Good food Service & drinks both good.  Weeknights are like a ghost town.  Had a great time with a bartender in training. e5J3s-xxs1S6PPHJhldBEA Somehow still managed to spend 20 bucks a head. And that'll be the last time I visit Cosmos." Go sit at the Bar.  The drinks are great and the SUSHI is very good.  The women in there are smokin hot. The second floor is a great spot to reserve for a birthday party I have only drank here but it is a great vibe!  I love the dance lessons - heck I dont even need a few drinks to invite the opportunity to make a fool of myself.  They had salsa lessons on a recent Saturday night that I was there.  The upstairs bartenders was fast and efficient.  There are couches were you can sit and chat with your friends.  Love the cool staircase and whole feel of the place!  :-D  but when I saw a second one I began to suspect that there might be an infestation in the restaurant. I won't be dining at this Cosmos location again." "Met some friends for dinner happy hour. Bogo tapas before 7pm was a draw. Ordered the Crostini and Crab con Queso...both were excellent. The burgers were great as well. This place has a cool "This place has everything!  Popped in for lunch with a friend and a drink or few.  We sat at the bar in the center of the place and spoke with the very friendly bartender for suggestions.  She suggested a sushi lunch plate which we ended up sharing and the drink special.  Since the sushi chief worked right behind where we were stationed we got to watch the whole plate get created.  After a few rounds of the daily drink special we walked out tipsy and full for around $10 each I've been to the ballantyne location twice After a bit we were ready to head on to the next destination with a nice buzz and a fun time. Good job Cosmos!"  the taste was substandard and no seasoning.  I guess you can say we recieved third quality food at high end prices. It was terrible.  The the service was okay and I was atmosphere was not that great.  I do not see myself returning."  but not outstanding.  With a lot of overpriced steakhouses in the area Cosmo's is good value.  Friendly employees and atmosphere.  If the food was a little better I'd bump it to 4 stars." "It's a bar with fun latin nights.Haven't had the food but if you know how to salsa  which is surprising given its location. Food  is typical American. Overall  especially me.  I told the waiter what I was debating between and he suggested the brisket saying it is good and ""very filling"".  I ordered the brisket.  It came out about 5 minutes after the rest of my table was served and the piece I was served was well over half pure fat.  Due to the fact that half was inedible to me I was hungry again within 3 hours.  If I am ever in Charlotte again I will find another place to eat." "Definitely a fun place to go...but dress code is way too strict during night club time.  Apparently you have to have a collar shirt to get it...I've worn regular shirts (nice ones of course) many times and had no problem getting in.  Oh well  which has no discernible pieces of crab meat and tasted as if the whole dip (including meat) had been pureed. We also got the stuffed mushrooms Drink prices are high but the dancing is fun!  the service was slow. Not enough staff. DON'T order the Greek salad. DON'T order the dessert martinis. We had a party of six. Won't do that again."  but comparable to other Uptown areas. I would definitely go again but during happy hour."  steak over seasoned and undercooked. No wonder empty on Friday night."  the menu isn't that diverse and the sushi bar was closed when we were there. Bummer. What we did order--hubby got a gyro and I had a chicken gyro--was delicious. The onion rings were great so add them on if you go." Great place to salsa dance on a Saturday night!!  A brief lesson is given by some great professionals-check it out!! "Staff was very friendly. But food and drinks were disappointing. This place markets itself as ""Martini specialists"" but I had to ask for my martini to be remade a second time as it came without olives. Also - olives were standard jarred fair. A much better martini can be had at ""Urban Sip"" above the Ritz - they have Spanish giant olives hand-stuffed with blue cheese." "I've never been for the food but on a friday saturday night love going for a great margarita and for a good price. I've tried margarita's all over charlotte Ate there last night. Food was pretty good except the steak came out cold. The staff was friendly but the food was sooo slow to come out and any time we asked for something they either forgot it took a long time to bring it. It was NOT a busy night so it was a bit disappointing. I will not go back.  and a 92 sanitation grade should have been enough of a warning. Finally a waitress came over & rudely said that they had a bunch of reservations for later & refused to seat us. Went across the street to Fuel Pizza & have YET to see anyone else go in."  no drink specials though. They play new hip hop and r&b! Had a good time last weekend and I usually always have a good time when I go on Friday nights"  I walked in at 7:30pm and had to wonder whether they were open.  No hostess! So I walked in and stood at the bar for nearly a minute before I skated if they were open.  Finally some service!!!  Let me say that the drinks are fantastic!  The food not so much.  The rating is only due to the drinks."  don't leave fast food on a table in the dining area. It's not sanitary."  being.  Just be.  And give me a friggin' huge piece of deep fried walleye to help me digest the spectacle "Service was terrible! I will never return!!! We waited in the bar and were never greeted or spoken too. People walked in after us and were seated. Not sure what their structure is for seating  potatoes and toast.  All this for something like $10.  Totally worth a side trip if you are in Madison." "Amazing Friday night FISH FRY! I got out a lot for fish fry's in Madison and the surrounding area and this still remains my favorite. I usually get the Cod dinner Can't comment on the food. Drink specials were solid." bluegill are all delecious. Good place for a beer as well. Great view So if you want some good breakfast on the weekend and in the McFarland area...Breach House it is!" "We had dinner at the Beach House on Friday on our way up to northern Wisconsin based on reviews on Yelp.  If you are looking for good fish fry the Beach House has it.  I had the perch which was great _wZTYYL7cutanzAnJUTGMA "We live just down from the Beach House.  We love going there. They are super friendly. We usually do not have to wait to be seated. The weekend breakfasts are the best. Bloody Marys are outstanding. Love the crab cakes eggs Benedict. Yum! Huge portion of walleye with your eggs which is one of my friends favs when they come visit. It is a great local hangout too To sum it all up: if you find yourself looking for breakfast and a little ""hair o' the dog"" in McFarland Wisconsin because ""What happens at the Beach House   Some people even like a bloody mary or vodka and orange served with them.  Anything on the menu is good.  Nice place on the water.  You can come by boat or car.  If you come by boat a nice little ride over to Madison area makes it a fun day." "We love the Beach House.  We come here often.  Food is always good.  Drinks are made by some really awesome people!  Specials are always worth a look. Weekend breakfasts are very popular Excellent dinner. Had a New York Strip steak and Scallops for $22.00 Food was very good and the atmosphere is the classic divey Wisconsin bar. The only way it could be better was if they added outdoor service outdoor bar. We will be back!  but will definitely keep going back. Love being so close to Lake Waubesa and watching the sunsets too." Food and service have always been good.  The seafood dinner was done perfectly. "The Beach house is probably one of our favorite breakfast places. The walleye and eggs are truly a specialty. Their fish fry is also very good and they have a nice view of lake Wabesa. If they expanded food and drinks outside  and we started with pepperjack cheese curds.  Delish!  They had a really nice bite at the end of them from the peppers.  I got the blue gill lake perch combo and my fiancee got the Caribbean salmon.  I know blue gill is a thinner fish "Went here for fish fry with one of my friends and we ended up sitting outside and watching the sunset. Our server was very nice and the food was SOOOO good! I had the fried cod and she had the walleye. We were both impressed and full after the meal. My favorite part - the price - very affordable and you get to pick your sides Stopped here while on a Sunday drive.  Tried sitting outside and the waitress did not make us feel welcomed.  She was rude and careless.  We walked inside to the bar where the bartenders were a lot better.  Unfortunately the same lady came in and started venting about her customers.  Seems like they have enough customers and do not need to be nice anymore.  Too bad because the beer was nice and cold.  Great views too. It was ok - waitress was very good - even with 7:45 Friday night reservations no tables were available and had a very long wait - drunk patron at the bar swearing very loud with the F-bomb and other words and slamming items on the bar - first ordered the salmon special and of course it was already sold out - two of us then ordered the fish fry mine was lukewarm and the other one was cold. Don't plan on going back. "I took my mom and grandma to the Beach House last night for dinner thinking it would be better than getting a Papa Murphy's pizza. There weren't many patrons in the dining room. Our waitress was very short with us  not very crowded yet they insisted we sit crowded next to another pair of people.  Service was slow The restaurant was packed on Saturday night; I'm glad I called in a reservation. Local town folk. Not a huge place but still cozy. The servers were running around and busy but made sure that our table was attended well. Ask for Dee Dee; she's a trip! I'll be back again for more food once the snow has melted to try the other items on the menu."  was not good.  It was cold and tasted very old.  The fries that went along with it were also extremely salty.  A couple people in the group said their food was okay It you're basic bar food.  Nothing more. Great place on the water. Beautiful views. Good fish fry. Very reasonable prices with nice selection of fish and sides. The staff are great!  but the service is slow and the wait staff is not attentive.  Thankfully Bottom line is this is a bar with bar food that tries hard. I'd go back if I was in the neighborhood. It's OK This place was amazing!! The cucumber dill sauce for the salmon was out of this world!!! I've also never had cinnamon butter for my rolls before I came here. A must try if you are near by "This was a good restaurant but the menu has been downgraded to Bar Food  not worth the salt.  We had a horrible experience here last summer. Decided to give a chance again this summer and it's worse!  Not sure how that was possible but it is. Service is slow.  Wait staff is not trained. Steaks are always over done.  Never coming back." Too bad they are closing 9 13 2015. Go visit before then!" The fried walleye and perch are awesome; some of the best fish fry I have had with a too die for tarter sauce.  The service is great and has a comfortable atmosphere. I look forward to returning for brunch again soon. I did feel like kind of a loser for going in there since it's always so empty."  but not a nightmare either."  but the clientele and I hate to say it Even though no one else likes this place.. I'm a big fan! Can we say cheap but super yummy mojitos? And a nice ambiance for a Saturday night! I can actually hear people talk without having to sit two cms away from them or having to shout. How awesome is that? this is the chill bar that I've been looking for..  Who wants to deal with the pretentious crowd across the street at Boltinis anyway? I'll still give you another try We immediately notified the bartender who then mopped up the vomit with a dirty looking rag and declared the table good as new for incoming patrons.  Needless to say Why not 5 stars? Every time I go the service is horrendous. Absolutely terrible. Not because the server is inherently bad at what he/she does but the place is understaffed and our server was most likely a bit overwhelmed." 6U94ybDpNd0fTL7TIzb5Kg I can't wait to go home again now that C-U is smoke-free. I will be able to enjoy this place at times other than 2 PM when there are actually other humans there."  all at good prices.  You can't go wrong with Jupiter's if you're in a pool or pizza kinda mood." "Excellent pizza (full disclosure: I was a cook here) and decent beer selection. The pool tables make it difficult to socialize at time Thank goodness the Blind Pig had no room for us and we were able to make a stop at Jupiters. This is a great stop towards the end of the night. Still one of the best pizza places in town. Great place to play pool. And drinks are quickly refreshed since it doesn't get as crowded as some of the other places.  nothing aproaching green street bars though.  Nice segueway bar on the transition from ""college"" bar patrion to normal bar patrion.  Sadly many don't make this transition."  nice beer selection.  Perfect for watching sports and playing pub games."  thin crust.  Best Pizza in town IMHO (not a big Papa Dels fan). Beer selection is so-so."  especially at their new location! More seating! You still can't get in on weekend nights -- but that means they'll be around for a while!"  especially being a block out of the way from the other downtown restaurants... I am still a fan."  though I have no idea why.  I wish we had a Jupiters or equivalent in California. My favorite is their sausage "Great F-ing pizza.  That's it  I will sing your praises on the harp  and the smoked salmon pizza just sounds too interesting to pass up!"  but back in college I used to show much love to the BBQ chicken as well. Tuesday nights - half price large pizzas! Everything here seems cheap compared to my current location of NYC 6U94ybDpNd0fTL7TIzb5Kg I've been here only once as of yet and I loved it!  I love their pizza menu.  The combinations are interesting (or you can make your own) and the crust is very good.  I had a mustard base sauce pizza that was awesome!  I loved it.  Nowhere else could I go for this pizza.  We had three pizzas at the table and I enjoyed all of them very much.  I think the environment is a lot of fun also.  The price is fair.  It's 6.99 for a personal pizza which a good size!  I'm looking forward to coming back!  Friday and Saturday can be very slow for service. Also  and sometimes it is just nice to get away from campus restaurants and bars! I would definitely make a trip to Jupiters the next time I'm in 'paign." They also have drink specials just about every night. It's a fun bar for playing some pool "I like this place. The pizza is good enough; if you're one of those people who loves adventurous toppings on pizzas  fun atmosphere. It's definitely one of my favorite places to go in downtown champaign. I recommend every U of I student to check this place out with friends there before graduation ."  fantastic pizza and reasonable drinks."  the servers are great and the atmosphere is nice  and the pizza is similar to Monical's thin crust pizza if you're curious what to expect.  There's a BIG arcade room with pool tables and video games  it doesn't really do anything for me To this day it is the only bar my friends have ever been kicked out of for being too loud. It was a Saturday night and we were kicked out of a bar for being too loud." "Great pizza and friendly service.  The place is plenty big  thin crust that paper thin with a crisp bite to it. 10 larges on Fridays. Pool tables are in good shape which is nice for a bar. Don't really have to wait to long to get a pool table"  not to mention the games. 6+ professional pool tables and pinball arcade style games as well! All I can tell ya is whenever I'm in town I will stop to catch a ball game or eat some awesome food and drinks!!! 5 stars!" Came in here after a ball game to relax and watch some really good pool players. Man was I surprised by the excellent food and great service! Bartenders are super friendly and serve up awesome drinks at great prices! Love the pizza cant wait to try the sandwiches...will definitely return! Pizza is served California Pizza Kitchen-style. Some people play pool during lunch. Don't play pool unless you're at Brother's. pizzas are solid. hawaiian is my go to. a normal person could easily down two of these bad boys Just your average sports bar. My girlfriend enjoyed the thin crust pizza so that was good enough for me. Pretty large venue with plenty of seating. Friendly service. Very college-like.  they have great service and they do a fantastic thin crust pizza.  My personal faves lie in a dead heat between their ""margherita"" and ""fajita"" pizza.  Though this isn't the only place to offer these selections  beyond decent drink specials The decor is nice and makes for a nice ambiance. Good beer selection and pizza. Pool tables are some of the best in town. Overall great local place to go.  thin crust that is awesome.  The specialty pizzas like Pizza Pesto is great.  Can't go wrong making your own as well.  They come in personal The service is always a little hit and miss--it'd be nice if the wait staff knew the beers better and had a better sense of timing (waiting for the check seems normal). But staff are usually friendly. For a place to get a chill dinner downtown Good pizza.  It's thing crust with nice crunch.  Normally I'm not a thin crust fan but this was surprisingly good.  The place had a bunch of pool tables which were cool but it limits seating.  Luckily we got seats at the bar.  the waitress asked if we wanted anything else. We said no and assumed she would bring us the check. But didn't and we sat there for like 10 more minutes. Had to grab her attention and then ask for the check. We weren't drinking or anything so I'm not sure why she thought we would want to just hang out. Minor inconvenience though so it's whatever."  comfy atmosphere! Prices arent bad! Good service!! Convenient location! I like to make my own pizza... Cream sauce  and this pizza is thin! Fun place with friends" We'd go back but mostly due to the lack of quality pizza places in town."  most hostile waitresses I've ever interacted with. Just awful. I'll never go back." Amazing thin crust pizza!  We moved to CA and cannot find anything even close!  Good salty meats and delicious sauce! worth the half off tues. guys... real cheese in those shakers. nuff said.  but clearly they focus on beer and drinks as much as pizza.  and they had some nice christmas stuff up so it didn't feel like a creepy bar.  i will definitely go back and take other people who have never heard of it before!    definitely on my list to recommend to others."  and the beer selection is kind of lame (all the domestic Big Three bottles you can drink!) "2 things I love. Good pizza and billiards. And this place has both. Jupiter's is a great place if you want to unwind from a busy week or simply...you need something to get your mind off an exam. Overall "I would have given Jupiter's 4 or 5 stars for the pizza. But they probably have the rudest waitress in Champaign. The other Jupiters location is much better as a restaurant. If you want a drink or play pool Pizza is soso and pricy."  I guess a lot of people like crunchy pizza I'd go back if I were looking for a late night bite "I bought and paid for one beer. I get home and they had charged me 25 dollars. I called them and they told me it was standard to open a tab and the difference would be reimbursed. Would have been nice to know BEFORE they did it. Epic fail on their part If you're judging in terms of flavor and thin crust crisp "A very consistant pool bar with great pizza. My family loved the atmosphere  BUT the crust was terrible. Someone from Brooklyn a few reviews down has it spot on--tasted like a cracker. This not thin crust pizza. Any random pizzeria in NYC would have had infinitely better thin crust than what these pizzas had. This was cardboard crust pizza. I know this ain't exactly NYC  good beer. Will be back again soon for sure! I recommend the prosciutto di parma pizza and the BBQ chicken pizza. Yummyyyy" My only complaint about this place is the speed of service. I've been one time when the waiter forgot to put one of our pizzas in "The service was just okay; our server wasn't the most attentive. The pizza was good  with every single sports event you can think of. The pool rates are inexpensive at only $6 per hour. The only sketchy issue I had was that there was a back entrance which led into a room where horse race betting is going on This place is a nice and just the downtown place where you want to spend a weekday evening for a drink and some nice pizza. The atmosphere is generally good. They have the best pizza! They are the thinnest crispy pizza. We go to Tuesday's half off pizza day. "This is my favorite thin crust pizza in the area. I've brought numerous friends and family to Jupiter's and everyone seems to love it. The place is almost always empty so the service is pretty quick. Even after an early football game Great variety of pizza.  Great beers on table.  Pool tables everywhere and readily available.  What's not to love?  or extremely poor.  It's just a run of the mill bar in downtown Champaign (though  is when they don't care what price they put on the menu and the servers will throw some extra on there because they're careless. Just not cool. Bombay Grill did this but their food is actually good enough that  what they call pizza is so thin it might as well be flatbread. Yet if you want super  a good offering for a thin-crust style. My favorites are the Preferito and BBQ chicken. I find them to be a tad overpriced  but decided to give them a call anyway to check if they can find the receipt. And guess what? They said yes - it will take some time to pull up but we can definitely help you. Half an hour later they sent out the information and I was able to submit the receipt. Thank you so much for such an awesome service and good food!"  and just great times with so many great people. This is one of those highly subjective reviews where I can't quite give a rational justification of why this place gets 5 stars and not just 4...there's just a feel to this place that makes it such a breeze to have department shindigs  very dark.  Hard to get service. Ordered a house salad w/ no cucumbers & no croutons.  Salad came w/ a mountain of cheese.  Menu did not say anything about cheese.  Salad #2 came out with no onions.  I specifically asked for onions.  Trying to flag down my server was difficult. I told her to take it off my bill.  Pizza came  a great place and great service!" Perching yourself at the bar for half-off wine and some dessert on Sunday night is a great way to enjoy the ambiance of this hip little place."  and dessert.  Thad is serious about his menu and you feel it when you experience his creations.  Libby always recommends the absolute perfect wine for every course...don't even bother trying to compete with her pairing knowledge.  The food is rather smart and inventive.  the interior is very reminiscent of blackbird in chicago." "another great experience last night at Bacaro. Over the top with wine and interesting food. I did the chefs choice starting with an incredible assortment of meats everything from house cured proscuitto to blood sausage and veal sweetbreads. We moved on to a great salad of raddichio and goat cheese with hazelnuts  the service is great.  This is a very professional place that you wouldn't expect to see in Champaign."  but I will certainly go back if I ever have a special enough occasion again."  but it was an interesting experience."  esp. about wine.  I am curious to see how the metamorphosis of the former Persimmon Grocery into a mozzarella bar (is CU ready?)/wine lounge/private dining salon will go."  if a little pretentious. But everything was overshadowed by the cavatappi. Just because we are students doesn't mean we don't deserve good food. I've had fantastic entrees for less at other places in CU." I think I need to save to go there again  but I really don't want to dislike this establishment and would like to come back again sometime in the future and give it another chance.  Until then  but I am so pissed about how the food has turned out for the price. Seriously..."  ambiance was great (although it's a shame that the place was so empty)... it was really a great dinner (sure And like what everyone else said  but if you're going with appetizers and dessert the amount of food will leave you full and happy without being too stuffed to leave your chair. The waitress made a great wine selection to go with our food. The restaurant isn't very big "This place is amazing.  I've only been their twice since each meal costs half a months rent.  It's totally worth it though. Also  and sweet smelling lotions! I want to try dinner here too but haven't been that adventurous. I'll update if i do!"  and the food was very over-priced.  I paid almost $30 for the ribeye steak which was the worst ribeye I have ever had.  If you want ribeye I'm not sure if it was just this visit or the one that followed that biased me  yet gave 4/5 stars? I have to save a star; there are better restaurants in the world." h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A Not rushing back any time soon."  including cloth hand towels in the loo.  Then I'll knock one star off for being too pricey for the market  I haven't had a better meal. I had the veal and it was wonderful. I can't recall much else but in a town without much choices other than the usual college fare  but overall the food was excellent.  My only complaint with Bacaro is the service.  Our waitress was attentive "Bacaro has been through some subtle but incredibly effective changes. I am happy to say it has taken back it's rightful spot as both my favorite and simply the best restaurant in town... and one of the my favorite spots anywhere. As I mentioned previously the decor and staff are superb Service is the only reason it was rated a 3 but the food is a 4." I lived in Chicago for many years so I had a LOT of great food around me  one would expect basic restaurant treatment.  I waited for 15 minutes even though I had a reservation.  The host was a snooty "My boyfriend took me to Bacaro for an amazingly romantic dinner date.  I was impressed with the atmosphere  showed promise of things possibly greater but comparing it to a dozen places I could name off the top of my head in either city Bacaro was good but at these prices it should have been better." The whole time my date and I were staring at this couple that did the at the time $98/person tasting menu...one YOUNG lady and a very old man... and they were a riot so I guess we had fun watching them. Other then that Wine bar is pretty decent and deserts taste good."  in contrast to many of the other reviewers who saw them as ""snooty"" and pretentious. The atmosphere was pleasant and the ambient music was suitable for the occasion." Excellent service. They were very busy so the food was slow but they kept our mouths entertained with free bread and appetizers. Of course it is pricey but it is worth it. Food was excellent.  Bacaro will not disappoint.  5 of us had a fantastic time at this restaurant last night.  We shared a couple of appetizers and entrees and everyone loved every dish we had.  The resounding favorite was the octopus appetizer which was tender and flavor- full.   The beef tenderloin was charred nicely on the exterior and was cooked to a perfect pink.  The seared scallops with Myers Lemon were refreshing and light.  The gnocci was a showstopper as was the risotto with black truffles and the duck breast.  We asked Thad Seating is limited and parking can be difficult to find but there's really no doubt that the food served here is the best in Champaign."  my gnocchi tasted like it came out of a Bertolli bag in the frozen section at a supermarket and the sauce was inundated with salt. After trying some parmesan I would totally recommend Bacaro if you need ""fancy dinner out."" Sometimes I do.  Sometimes I have parents who need impressing."  the best restaurant in Champaign right now.  I go frequently and will continue to go.  The food is consistently good I guess the only complaint is that the prices here are the same as in NYC..." This is a very good place to eat in the Champaign area.  The reason I gave it 5/5 (instead of 4/5) is because even though the food is a little over priced in my mind  but worth every penny. Incredible wine selection and a staff that loves to help you find that perfect food and wine pairing."  etc.  And NOTHING else.  He was stil hungry after he ate it.  (He was already asking what would be for breakfast that night when we went to bed because he was still hungry.)  I read someone else's review on Yelp that also said $28 for chicken?!  (yelp says I'm out of space  this is the best food around.  I really appreciate what this restaurant is about: good local food presented in a sophisticated yet approachable way.  The Monday arket menu is a great price too.  The staff is not pretentious which is always nice to see.  This is a diamond in the C-U rough."  perfectly portioned and delicious! We had the chef's tasting menu and I'm so happy we did. There were things that the waitress brought out that I would have never thought to order but ended up loving more than the others. I'd definitely recommend this place!"  there are certain dishes that are more tasty than others.  I would definitely recommend trying Bacaro at least twice in an attempt to determine the types of dishes you like and don't like." I can't say enough good things about this very very special restaurant.  I'm just disappointed we took so long to finally get around to eating there.  We will be back... this is now my favorite restaurant in Champaign Urbana!!"  the food has been good maybe 1.5 times- with me being able to say I enjoyed one complete meal (valentine's day) and the side of one of my mains (the spaetzle). If the food was consistent h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  but the food is too buttery and overpriced. I went there twice last year. I forget exactly what I ordered  it probably will not return to Champaign again. I wish I could take this restaurant with me on the road. It was a pleasure to have this restaurant available in the middle of Illinois. The scallops and pork were delicious. The grilled octopus salad is a must. Portions are not huge  best restaurant in CU."  everything on the menu was 2 to 4 dollars more expensive than the already high prices posted on their ""sample menu"" online.   To be fair  it was so tender.  I was so thrilled the chef has decided to include this as one of the courses.  We had a big scallop seared and served over corn salsa which was almost sweet but just delicious.  We also had braised rabbit I am from Dallas and in Champaign for business.  I looked at Yelp for suggestions on good places to eat and Bacaro seemed to be the place to go.  I thought it was great.  Unique tasty dishes! h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  and I could not have asked for a better experience. Food was excellent and the atmosphere was very warm and pleasant. Portions were reasonable Food was very good and presentation is excellent.   This is Champaign's version of  a Manhattan bistro. Perfect restaurant for dates."  hands down the best food.  We ordered the tasting menu and were not disappointed.  Seven courses and all were expertly prepared.  Staff was friendly and courteous....  we'll definitely be back."  beautiful food. Perfect amounts. Attentive. Just perfect."  topped off by a menu with ample flexibility."  I'm spoiled with the level of cuisine we can experience on a regular basis.  Although this restaurant wasn't quite on the level of Chicago The steak was excellent .  But I ordered  artichokes for the table and they were scrawny and there were only 2   Not much taste.  I had had them the night before at Radio Maria's and they were delish.  Also the price was way too high for this type of Italian food in downstate Illinois.  cool bar! Thad the owner is most gracious and makes everyone feel like a guest in his home. The wait staff is most accommodating and shares in Thad's love for the culinary arts. Bacaro might remind you of a River North restaurant (Chicago) without the inflated cost. Great people watching can be had on their outdoor terrace."  out he came!  Tainted our experience and maybe our waitress was just having a bad day but when you are dropping that kind of money on dinner- you had better train your wait staff on how to properly serve and deal with customers.  It was a shame because from the chef end- he did a great job of making delicious and interesting food- it's just too bad no one explained it well or delivered it professionally."  a great spot for good food and drink." "I had a lovely anniversary dinner here a few years back. I remember the pumpkin ravioli being delicious and the waiter service being great. Portions are relatively small Just wanted to post an update. We received a very kind letter from owner/ manager apologizing for our experience and gave us a generous gift certificate to try them again.  We definitely will give them another chance. Again- the food is amazing and we want to see them succeed." I probably wouldn't go here again just because its priced to high to take a chance on a very average meal. There are a lot of places near by that you get exactly hat you pay for. Unfortunately Bacaro is not one of those places." "If you want to be treated like garbage at a pretentious overpriced ""whatever"" of a restaurant then go.  My recommendation is avoid because there is way too much attitude here.  We were greeted rudely when they learned we did not have a reservation.... On a freaking Thursday.... In a college town!  We walked out  I am rating it in the context of other ""fine-dining"" establishments.  The restaurant's chefs clearly know how to cook Used Yelp to find this place and was not disappointed. Very good food and service meant for a great time. Will definitely go back when in Champaign again. "We had an absolutely great meal at Bacaros! We went all vegetarian but the mushrooms Wine list was very good. Food was excellent. Service was great. Atmosphere was great.  Will go again. I wold recommend this to anyone.  but with the server's help we all were very pleased with our orders! Also a great wine selection topped off the evening- also ordered with the staff's assistance. Awesome place!"  the servers are always more than willing to explain the menu with great detail and offer their recommendations. If I could afford to eat there more than three times a year h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  but it is only mediocre in both taste and atmosphere." "Celebrated early retirement with 7 of us and thoroughly enjoyed the tasting menu and Benjamin's service!  Would highly recommend!  Food I've taken my wife here on two occasions. And both times the food and wine parings was amazing. I had a request for roses on the table for my wife and they were there when we arrived. The look of excitement on my wife face was priceless.  Thanks Bacaro. h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  and a wonderful wine selection. Over the weekend I took a date here for dinner. We both had the filet. It was wonderful!  Cooked to perfection "I really liked Phils dish better than my own but the ambiance and the service was excellent  I love the extensive wine selection! Their bottle selection is really impressive. We had the pizzetta for an appetizer which has a great combination of flavors! I also loved the risotto Sometimes the dishes ""try too hard"" to be unique and modern; I'm all for molecular gastronomy and modern cuisine (even tried some in my kitchen) but the combination has to work. Chocolate cake and bacon? Not as good as chocolate cake without bacon."  quiet dining experience." "There are not a lot of really nice dinning restaurants in Champaign.  The menu is seasonal and changes at least 4 times per year.  All made fresh   but we both agree the smoked potato gnocchi was the winner! Nice atmosphere and friendly staff!  We will definitely come back!!!"  atmopshere. Sunday  1/2 price wine by the glass is a great deal. You won't regret going to Bacaro. This place would do well in Chicago or any other ""foodie"" city."  and ambience always excellent. Well tonight things went quite differently. It was looking like a total disaster. Issues with food service reservations etc. Then Rose (asst mgr) came to the rescue. Within a few minutes everything was made right. Loved Bacaro before "The finest dining restaurant anywhere around. The farm to table cousine is perfectly prepared. Our service is always fantastic and we bring our whole family--our children love the octopus. This is a prime example of ""you get what you pay for"". type of dining. Cocktails are consistently delicious and  the wine recommendations are excellent."  sweet Jesus it was awesome! This particular day was the Ciabatta bread sandwich with fresh mozzarella This restaurant is sort of hit and miss. I have had some really spectacular pasta with sea urchin. And some fairly mediocre short ribs. This is one of the best restaurants in the area but it wouldn't hold up too much competition elsewhere  we got PO'ed at the portions and went to another restaurant to fill up right after."  was attentive and kind. Very delicious and great presentations of each. Thank you to everyone on the staff for a lovely evening."  the mushroom dish that was described as served over risotto was served over cold orzo. Didn't knock my socks off."  it was amazing. We decided in the tasting menu and each got the wine pairing. There were seven courses on the tasting menu  try the 7 course tasting menu at 85 dollars. I don' t know if that is a deal but at least you get to try everything for $$$"  the ambiance was nice and we were seated at a table near the windows in the front.   I just am not super impressed with the portions or the prices."  the place was completley empty.  Two tables total seated eating.  After 2 people  and much talking they sat us.  price was very high.  food was average.  service was extremely slow.  The place never got more than half full.  Not sure what they consider booked.  Not worth the money." We went for a market Monday tasting menu meal with wine pairings. We were worried as the first two courses came out because they were a bit small but each one got larger and more delicious. It was about a 2-hour event to get through the whole meal but we got to try so many different things (the theme of the night was wild bore) and even though some weren't our top choice Everything was fabulous from start to finish.  which was startling in a fantastic way in its tomato sauce with shaved chorizo sausage--who knew such flavors could brilliantly mix? I followed this with the strip steak Amazing food. Rotating menu with wine recommendations. Large wine selection. Professional staff. Save room for dessert! This is a very very nice little gourmet restaurant that serves very good food at a little bit of a high price. The service was good and my friends and I did have a great time; I guess it could just be a little warmer for the tab. I would definitely get the Lamb Porchetta again and the Panna Cotta for sure. Good place for dates. The atmosphere is good and the service is excellent. I would say this is my favorite place in Champaign after being here for five years.  and she was blown away by the taste difference the pairings made.  I think the reviews stating that this restaurant was 'snooty' or that the service was slow are from people who don't truly understand what this restaurant is.  We spent 2 hours eating our 5 course meal.  It's a place where dining is an experience.  Come here expecting that Just drank some wine there. The bartenders were very nice. The ambiance and atmosphere is very good. Planning to have a dinner or brunch there. Amazing food and staff!! Can wait to go again and try more great food!! Truffle Fries were so fabulous! Would definitely return for another 'date night' or special occasion.  Definitely not a place to go for dinner if you're looking for grub  the waitresses are always so knowledgeable about the food and extensive wine list!  We first started going here five years ago and we have the most amazing oatmeal cream pie with sea salt.  My husband remember how much I enjoy that dessert and called them and asked if they would make that dessert for my birthday.  It was so thoughtful and sweet!  It is hard to find a restaurant that cares this much about it customers!" "I had the pork belly and my date had the fettucini.. both had a perfect combination of flavors.. the wine was great.. ambiance was perfect.. kiefer My boyfriend surprised me and took me here for my birthday and boy did he make a great choice. We each ordered the tasting menu and neither of us were disappointed. Everything we were served was amazing. We had things like drunken goat cheese and  several other things we had never tried before that we both just loved. I can usually find something I don't like when I go somewhere but with this restaurant I had not one issue. Everything from the staff to the atmosphere was just simply wonderful. I cannot wait to go back again. Came here with a friend's parents (who were paying!) and we loved it. The service was great and the food was amazing. I just personally could generally not afford to come here as a student. "Awesome spot to go if you want something a little more intimate and quiet. Good spot to bring a date. Menu changes with the seasons. It was a couple weeks ago since I've been. Server was Evan he was awesome "Fantastic food. The food comes slow on purpose. Abandon any thought of 1 hour meal. We were there 2.5 hours. It was awesome. The proportions aren't ""Central Illinois"" they are regular heathy proportions.  Slow down and enjoy the experience. I had the best soup I've ever tasted. Bring your rich relatives or boss who will pay. Expensive."  the seasoning gave the top a nice crisp and crunchy taste and feel.  The pork chop was accompanied by a few small Rosemary potatoes with a mix of arugula and a hint of olive oil.  The lasagna was not a traditional lasagna  though we can't go as often as we'd like since it is a splurge. The staff is always great: knowledgeable (ask them for recommendations and you will not be disappointed) Menu is comprehensive. Atmosphere intimate and quiet. Service pleasant. Food and service were spot on.  Menu was simple yet diverse.  Nice room.  and atmosphere were excellent.  Upscale dining for Champaign-Urbana area. Pricey  which was also excelent. We paired it with a reasonably priced Chianti wine. Overall one of the best dinning experiences I have in recent memory. The only small blemish on the eveing was we were sitting at the bar for dinner and one of the bartenders grabbed that delicious celery soup from us before we were finished  it's a bit pricey even for one of the few higher end restaurants in the area but the food is solid and the atmosphere is nice. I think it could be a 4 star meal if I didn't have that one bite of lobster that tasted like ammonia and if the desserts were a tiny bit better. However Would definitely recommend and if I'm ever back in the area "This place was top notch. Tried a couple of the ""interesting "" wines as well as a lovely Italian. Service was attentive and quick. Food was excellent and presented well. Will definitely go again." there is also a sister bar located in sunnyslope which is even sketchier and just as awesome." ...""TO ALL MY FRIENNNNNNNNNNDS""" Hell of a great place.  Friendly crowd of regulars." The pee smell was just too much." If you have an open mind and don't cause drama I would recommend giving the Royale a try." Looking for a place to hang?  Come see Lil at the Royale Lounge." "this place is legendary This place is an icon. Lil has been here for years. We like to have a PBR and listen to some music and just relax in this great little neighborhood bar.  but TWO Simpsons pinball games!!" Heather is a breath of Fresh Air.  Love this Dive Bar!  Great juke box! Cold Amber Bock! What can I say this place is a dive bar and they offer egg roles but I don't dare try them. If you want to have a low key night where you can let your alcoholism run wild this is the bar. Thanks for the good times Royale Lounge. Can't wait to go to Phoenix again to get all drunk up in you!"  I probably wouldn't come back here though as it really didn't seem like anything special or maybe I just don't ""get"" it."  and I am talking really dive-y...this is your place!  There aren't many more words to describe it.  You just have to go experience the magic yourself.  Play some pinball while you are there.  Do it *** @*$745ish 93^ sj `=$&38. pqools una stara." Great staff. Helped me when I got accidentally locked out late at night.   darts and an active jukebox.   Clara is an  awesome bartender."  thus this dentist should have taken the time to sit me down and talk to me before shoving me into an X-ray chair and demanding a full mouth X-ray for the cleaning I had scheduled.  this is a very small office. The condescending hamplanet Dorothy at the front desk telling me that ""it's Arizona law"" that you have to get a full set of 18 X-rays on your first visit for a cleaning I had scheduled via phone could have easily expressed that at the time I made the appointment. I would have found a dentist who wouldn't try to gouge my insurance company on the first visit  they have you sign a waiver stating that the insurance coverage is ""not guaranteed"" and the patient will be responsible for any overages. Not uncommon Make sure you bring your night vision goggles as the tableside tea lights don't help much.  Also cougars and their admirers are definitely on the prowl here.  Drinks are a bit pricey  it's tres chic from it's comfy couches to it's awesome staff.  The drinks are indeed pricey but they pack a punch so it really all evens out in the end. How can you not love a bar that's got a twin in NYC and lets you dance on the tables?!"  it was simply one of those little military style caps with the short bill that you see all the hipsters wearing these days.  Comeon folks There is nothing better than going to a place where the drinks are well made- and when they play your favorite music... I walked in here one night to hear France Gall - only to learn of the manager's love for french jazz music...he even made me a CD of the night's choices- Meilleurs voeux...toujours bienvenu!  too. The music was fantastic - electronica with just enough funk to keep your foot tapping. The wine was incredible. I tried the house Cab. I was highly impressed. I would definitely go back. I like the location. If friends were visiting out of town  but not outrageous. A great night capper."  i was utterly disappointed and scarred by the ""bar scene"" for years 7$ for a large glass of stolli vanil on the rocks. cant complain about that." You'll feel like you've been transported into an episode of ""Sex & The City"" here. There's no doubt that Carrie  but grounded enough to let you in with whatever shoes... I do always feel underdressed when I'm there though. This place has been pretty reliable for over a decade..."  like it was too much work.  I'm sorry I had to make you do something for the tip you expect I really dig it here....I actually don't mind driving ""all the way"" to Phoenix to come here!"  but that won't stop me from coming from the Merc.  It doesn't hurt that it is close to where I live...  and it is so pleasantly dark.  Not just dimly lit.  Dark.  And randomly located.  As you walk out of the parking garage through a swarm of high schoolers headed to the Harkins peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q  I'm sorry that I missed out on this place all of my years in downtown Phoenix.  Perfect location from all over the valley and a great experience."  because my friends LOVE it (see Eric P.'s review as well) and it makes me feel like I'm in a chicago lounge. But  we hung out at the bar and had a good time that night. I don't remember our bartender's name Very well done upscale atmosphere in here. Merc is also located next to lots of great restaurants... I have been in here several times and especially love it during the week when it it less jammed with people. "This is the kind of place you go when you want to feel L.A. or New York. Has a stylish trendy atmosphere peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q  and the service is top flight. I don't  appreciate going outside the bar to smoke (no patio)  and the bartender was really helpful and professional. I just wasn't feeling the atmosphere at that time of night. I'll reserve any major critique of this place until I have a chance to come back another time later at night. I can see this place being a romantic spot for a late night cocktail or glass of wine  and some random dude starts buying us drinks (I'm a male) so I make it clear to him I'm not interested. He just liked my friend (shes a female) so we went with it... free booze. Long story short Yay for Merc. Yay for no smoking. Seriously people peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q Aside from that it's a pretty ok place.  A good place to go for an after dinner cocktail from Houstons."  chill vibe and good drinks. It's dimly lit and they play some good down tempo house music. My dirty Sapphire martini's were excellent... and they should be at $11a pop. I expected this place to be rather snobbish from what I had heard from a few people but I found it quite the opposite. It was a good mix of people  hip. My secret hint for this place is that you can see certain Suns players come in late at night to hang out." It's a great after dinner spot with equally impressive people watching.  I am a fan of the Vacation Martini and the comfy couches." This is a little piece of New York or Chicago nestled in between an ice cream shop and some other place.. I always forget what that other place is. But a visit to the Merc should be done at least once or twice." Drinks will be pricey but hey it's fun to splurge on $10 drinks now and then right =)" I still don't think I'd linger at Merc Bar for hours (unless I was drinking Red Bull drinks to stay awake!) because I find the vibe just a bit too underground for my tastes 5.  Merc Bar is far superior to ""Deemos"" across the fake "I really like the vibe and the drinks.  But at night  this place is the 2nd location of the NYC Merc Bar.  Since I live across the street I come here fairly regularly.  I'm usually a wine or beer drinker and my only critique would be the limited selection of draft beers and very small wine list.  To their credit  the waitress did too (what can I say I am a good tipper).  She even got us a table on New Year's Eve with no reservation.  This impressed my out of town friends immensely.  They have some great signature cocktails (a little pricey but worth it).  Great top shelf liquor selection. It is a bit hard to find.  Located deep in the Esplanade  sipping martinis at a low table in the lounge area and fell for each other I'd go back for sure...I feel like The Merc Bar and I now have a special bond (yeah...right)  Merc Bar is definitely a place worth checking out as a start to the night or for a date."  who wouldn't want to do a Conga line to that song? But apparently the Merc crowd is too cool for school and weren't having it.  I know it's supposed to be swanky and classy Sexy. Sultry. Dark. Cocaine. Cougars. Money. Athletes. Location. Leather. Cherry. See. Seen. Smooth. Drink. Drunk. DUI. Stiff. Staff. Longing. Shutters. Downers. Drug. Mink. Lust. Subtle. Sound. Hip. Swank. Hillary. Must. Musk. Heels. Haven. Rich. Refined. Brash. Fur. Stare. Gaze. Stalker. Police. Arrests. Artist. Velvet. Yes.  the Merc still has that vibe in which you can actually talk to people. I also laugh at the concept of ""metrosexual dress"" which for all intents and purposes means the people here dress sexy but not slutty. Is there cocaine here...it wouldn't suprise me because the people here can afford it unlike the 30K millionaire waiters who need to make their 8 am classes on Monday morning in Tempe" peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q This isn't a five star joint because of the redic reserved tables on a Wednesday night.  And it was reserved for a gaggle of ""Woo!"" girls who would not stop taking blinding pictures!" Rad. It's going back on my weeknight rotation." great dj and some nites they have live acoustic.  If your date is not into you by the end of the evening at this place she never will be my man.  I am pretty sure if Tiger had a mistress in Phoenix and didnt want to be seen he would take her to Merc Bar."  but the service is slow and lame.  love the aspen - cabin vibe.  music is a bit loud so hard to have conversation with friends." "Ask for Simon!  He makes the most unique and inventive drinks.  My boyfriend and I went there last weekend and I had no idea what to get so I asked for something with Ginger and Simon whipped up a drink (not on the menu) and it was delicious!  If you love Ginger  and they usually have a dj who totally rocks. It's a lounge and pretty sexy inside and I think a great place for a date."  but alas the times are a changing!" This place was cool six years ago. I loved their copper tables with dim lighting. The flickering candlelights would catch the light off their tables setting a mischievous tone. I especially loved their martini menu. They had delicious mojitos before they became trendy. Most of all I loved Carson and the people he attracted. They were mostly young professionals who had style. I saw him turn people away just to maintain a certain crowd. Carson was always such a gracious host to his guests.  He was passionate about keeping Merc's cool ambiance. I hope their legacy continues.....  as the server is the authentic way with Russian Standard Vodka!  It is the real deal!!"  if money isn't a problem and you are looking for a very relaxed  they had a jazz band doing rock and alternative covers (their name is The Latest Note to the single guys wearing chin-strap beards and Affliction t-shirts while looking nervous and sitting at tables alone and not approaching women: Try ""Hello"" or ""Nice outfit"" or ""Those martinis are great  the MercBar made the dirty mule to her liking . . ." "Tried this place out a couple weeks ago on a whim and must have picked the right night to go.  They had a live band that played great music.  The drinks were definitely pricey This is really the perfect place for a date or a group of friends. The atmosphere is very intimate  and music to match the mood! Hands down my favorite bar in Phoenix! If you feel like getting dressed up and not having to deal with your typical Scottsdale crowd Why not 5... place was empty of a Saturday night. Go figure for such a gem!" Cool bar with no signs. Dark lounge feel with great music.  it was delicious.  The place has a very cool vibe.  There were not many patrons when we went "Merc bar hits just the right pitch for me in Phoenix. Always starts out slow (we got there early for the real estate) and ends up kinda packed. Staff and music always good and you don't feel like you are in one of those ridiculous cirque du soleil type places in Scottsdale full of shiny  but he was nothing but attitude and a egotistical punk. I have never been treated so poorly in a nice establishment  and you're not concerned about receiving good service (even though their mixed speciality drinks command $12). It is like the Neiman Marcus of bars Be advised that the drinks are not cheap! A specialty cocktail or martini goes for minimum $12 a pop so be prepared. Their food selection isn't that large so the only thing I've tried was their cheese and cracker platter which was perfect to snack on. Service is pretty hit or miss  especially if you are on a date. You can cozy up in a quiet corner and have some drinks and really get to know someone. If you have never been  was kinda strange but we were having a good time so I guess we didn't mind. Our friend left his sweater there so we went back the next night and they didn't have it. That was strange because we sat at the bar and no one else was around us except the bartender...... That second night we sat in a booth and a blonde cocktail waitress waited on us. We ordered some beers and a round of shots. She brought back 5 shots and we told her we only ordered 4. She said ""I know ones for me""! Okay I'm starting to get it If you are looking for a quieter atmosphere to take a date or maybe a girls night where its not a meat market  but their doors were open and their hours reported as such. No offer to be seated and offered a drink anyway or even an incentive to return during new business hours. just a simple we are closed until 5:30 and an escort out.  I repeat  friendly staff and plenty of places to sit. It's the best little bar you've never heard of and unless someone tells you about it  will probably walk all over the wierd office complex it is in to find it.  But once inside  Prohibition-era vibe that is really unusual.  The cocktail menu is by far the most interesting I've ever seen.  You don't go there to drink - you go there to experience.  We sat at the bar last night and were greatly entertained by the bartender and chef.  The bartender (I think his name was Aaron?) really knew his stuff.  I truly wish I lived closer..."  and most importantly the waitress we had was great! will return and plan on hosting event there" "Easily one of the coolest bars in Phoenix. I've been coming here for  years  and the service friendly and quick as ever. I guess it's become a pre-shift watering hole for the Van Buren troops of dancers - an attraction for some and a repellant for others."  and the service is second to none. MercBar is great for a girls night or simply a night out in town with a small group of friends. It does get pretty crowded after about 8pm so plan on getting there a little bit earlier. Overall Two words: Jalepeno Margarita.  Just go.  Trust me.  is that bar conversations tend to revolve around name dropping and pronouncing why each person is more accomplished than the next.  All in all a decent show  and we loved it! Love the dimly lit bar & terrific ambiance.  The bartender was very friendly and recommended great drinks. Had the best Bellini I've ever had.  Can't say it's cheap She didn't even ask the bartender or put an ounce of effort into pleasing my two friends at our table of four. That being said this place lacked major stars for customer service Very nice environment.  I would definitely go here again.  The bartenders really know how to make some luscious specialty drinks!!  or  a great place to simply enjoy the night with a group or the lucky lady (or man) in your life."  or filled with corporate type of guys who just cant wait to buy you all your friends drinks. It is nicely dimmed and cozy  but to be honest most of the people were not even dancing. Not a bad atmosphere but not the best bar/lounge either."  but that's what kind of people come in this bar.  I've always walked in this bar and bumped into someone I knew.  Needless to say I hang with cool people - wink!  There's not a lot of lounges around the Biltmore area so I would definitely recommend a drop by if you're around.  Great place to stop after the movies upstairs or dinner at Del Frisco's next door. - Enjoy!" Awesome place all around!" "If you are after a pure bar ... this is it.  Bartenders that know their craft.  Interesting atmosphere.  Expensive but classy.  Top shelf products avaialble.  Interesting cocktail list and they'll custom bend upon request.  Theay are proudly difficult to find the first time (no sign/non-descript) - ""we've been here 16 years ... the right people know where we are"".  Francesco (Italian dude  but the sweet little sixteen and the blackbird are tasty as well.  they also have some upscale bar food if you're interested in snacking while you throw back your 4th old fashioned."  personal preference I guess.  When our waitress made her second trip over I asked if they had any food which I guess they only have on the weekend but she did bring me some pretzels and goldfish which was cute and tided me over until we left and I could get some real food.  She was super friendly the only time and very timely with checking on us and bringing more drinks.  I would definitely come back in the future." Jeff the bar tender is awesome. He is really down to earth and would recommend sitting at the bar  not to mention they could handle a full bar in stride....I went there last week and this place is just awful now in comparison.  I am sorry Merc  another that tasted like key lime pie and I had something called a Sophia Loren that was amazing.  Even the people in the bar sitting next to us were cool.  The atmosphere here is just great.  This is definitely one of my new favorite spots to be."  this bar is worth visiting. It's set up speakeasy style with only a placard near the entrance door with the name on it. The inside is very dark and sultry. Lights shine on black and grey photos/ artwork above the bar. There are couches and tables. Our group relaxed on some couches and ordered several drinks off the menu and shared. Their take on the old fashioned was delicious. Though I can't remember the name What a swanky little establishment. Great music selection great scenery and great waitstaff. I was greeted by Adam who suggested some great drinks and got us a table in no time. Our waitress Tasha was incredible as well. This place is for sure in the Arcadia rotation. 5 stars. I went to meet with my business colleague for a proper and civilized cocktail  but prices are not cheap." "I've been to Merc several times throughout the years. I took my husband here for the first time last Saturday for a post dinner drink after we had dinner at Solo Trattoria  so make sure to ask and save yourself about $9. Hey-wouldn't you rather have another drink?"  and the Moscow Mules were a treat. I'll be back." Moscow Mule in copper cup was 30-40% bigger than in a glass. Because we were having those we ended up with multiples in glass since they ran out of copper mugs. We did the water test (pour from glass to copper mug) and was 30-40% LESS! Pointed this our to the manager (Adam) he said he was aware but disputed the 30-40% claim  but it's hard to make up for the lack of competence Sr. Management or ownership shows to their industry. This is certainly a one and out for our group." This place is perfect for the chic solo drinker at the bar or the couple sipping on martinis in the corner or even the classy birthday celebration in the center of the room. It's really the perfect mixture of fun and class. love love love "My fiance and I tried MercBar for the first time last Saturday.  Loved the decor!  The drinks were excellent.  Great place!  I did wish the music was a little more chill Also I agree with the other reviews from Rick and Rich. Going cheap on the Moscow mule by serving it in a smaller glass. Classic." "Big comfy couches + soft lounge music= a great time! The ambience was chill and the drinks were strong. They accommodated our large group nicely without feeling overcrowded. Definitely pay a visit if you're looking for something more cool and low-key from the typical loud  friendly staff but super slow service. It was packed on the Friday we came in and they had one server in the section we sat in which is only out of two sections excluding the bar. We sat for about 10 minutes until we got a server and we currently have been waiting for at least 20 minutes for our check. Yummy drinks though!" This is a great watering hole. Go out of your way to visit."  at least once a week!! The vibe and atmosphere is just mind blowing. They keep it clean and sophisticated.  Never wait long for my drink order to appear in front of me. I was also waited on a young lady named Lexi. She was adorable and timely. Always a smile on her face! The service there is impeccable!! I was beyond impressed!! If you're ever looking for a great spot.. Sexy atmosphere  introduced himself and asked how we were doing. We really felt welcomed and well taken care of as if we were in this guys home. Staff was friendly  Heidi & Staff were OVER-THE-TOP Amazing. I met with Fate numerous times & he was always accommodating to what I had asked of them & he always calmed my nerves. He made sure that everything was set up from the minute the first guest  arrived until the last one left. Most of my guests are in the Airline Industry & we know what great Customer Service means.  IMPRESSED TO THE 10's."  but the male Bartender seemed more interested in sleeping with the guy in front of him than he was in serving us drinks. HIRE BETTER BARTENDERS." "Well Merc. You have let me and my friends down. I have gone to you over the years while living in the Biltmore/Arcadia area and  have recommended you time and time again to people who want a 'ultra lounge feel' as opposed to a 'club like feel'. Well. After arriving for happy hour last week we had the entire Merc Bar to ourselves at about 430pm and the bartender swiftly brought us a menu and waters. Nice! However This place has a great vibe and the staff here are super friendly and accommodating. Definitely a great place to hang out and chill with friends. Not great for: those prone to spontaneous removal of clothing/dancing on tables"  but the service was a bit lack luster. The drinks (Moscow Mule and a Rum &Coke) measured up to par peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q Swanky and adult. Nice ambiance. Not from around here but this bar is awesome. Plus Gavin is an awesome bartender (not sure if spelt his name right). Stop in if your lookin for a good time!  which is fine for one. Beers are well priced around $6. The atmosphere and music were great." Merc Bar is an upscale watering hole that is always upbeat and fun! We always get a very nice couches/table combination when we go and the servers are fantastic and nice. I reccomend for anyone wanting to have a classy night! LiOK_lkW373923y2sn86bA Service was impeccable. Def a place to meet friends (or future dates) if I happen to be in Biltmore area."  Gavin our bartender was super knowledgable on drink and the bar stocked a wide variety of whiskies.  If you're looking for a great refreshing cocktail I highly recommend their Mule"  but the GM Brian put me right at ease with texts of photos and very accurate descriptions. This place was fantastic and the staff and service could not possibly have been any better. We had 45 people attend with plenty of room to mill about but a wonderful The waiter was very sweet n got or drinks plus validated our parking ticket which is good for u u p to 3 hours. The drinks were good and the service was good. I gave 4 stars because they don't carry blue curacao and they have no desert items. Other than that a great place with a nice ambiance for a date or relaxing with friends. I went with some friends on a Saturday night. Our waitress Lexi was awesome! The vibe is really relaxed and we had a great time. Can't wait to go back again.  was helpful with arranging for seating on a busy Saturday night and the bartenders on duty cranked out excellent cocktails all evening. Really a great place to celebrate   music is cool and the place is filled with beautiful people. Can't ask for more than that." I loved this place from the moment I stepped in the door! Dim romantic lighting. All ages . Great for a mother daughter night or first date! Drink prices are a little expensive.  I had to track someone down. Also the ambience was nothing special. Not the elegant classic bar I was expecting.  You can be overpriced or overrated but not both."  we were able to sit at a nice cozy dimly lit table and enjoy a round of drinks.  The waitress wasn't very attentive and we basically had to hunt down someone to pay for our tab.  No bueno.  It was cool for what it was Loved the atmosphere and the spicy mandarin!  this bar is nice but when I spend $15 dollars on a drink I want to fully inhibit my attitude and I feel like I'll get thrown out if I go above a decibal range .5..." ""Old Fashioned"" in town." Gavin is a pro Mixaologist. The drinks were awesome and creative. The atmosphere was relaxed and friendly. Highly recommend a visit. Overall a very pleasant time. I didn't mind the more club-y music choice - it was a Saturday after all. And it never became as packed as I anticipated so that was a plus. Drinks were great  and I would be back. The only downsides were that some of the couches and furniture looked a bit worn and could be replaced and there was a leak in the womens bathroom ceiling that was just dripping into a pan of towels. Not classy Aaron is great at mixing great drinks. Pear blossom is great. Good mix of music and people. There is a lounge area as well  done for. Set up shop in a booth by the window on a Friday and thank me later...."  excellent service and the perfect atmosphere to actually hold a conversation but enjoy the evening this hidden gem is your place! I love this bar and will be coming back."  not Hollywood or Manhattan where *maybe* you can get away with being rude or providing bad service to customers ""just because"" or because your actually packed/swamped/busy. I see we're not the only ones who have had a bad experience with service...hopefully they get better!" This place has it all. The guys behind the bar are truly talented. They are creative with their cocktails and adapt to each individual who walks in. The vibe is chic and laid back. I honestly cannot say one bad thing about this place. Definitely a one of a kind establishment. We will continue to visit this place since we live so close. It's a hidden gem with some great bartenders & a cool ambiance."  giving him a heads up about our casual attire.  He replied promptly and jovially inviting us to come as we please.  As luck would have it we arrived at MercBar with about 30 minutes to spare before our movie (and went back after the movie).  As soon as we walked in the door Brian greeted us and invited us to sit at a table. Our server was attentive and conscious of the fact that we were on a time limit.  And OH MY GOD the food and drink are some of the best I've had. I'd recommend the pretzels  its a little small but not a big deal. Customer service is always really great and  the drinks are awesome. Perfect for a nice pregame to a date or night cap after a nice dinner." I 5/5 highly recommend MercBar!" Love the fact I've started a business over cocktails in this place! MercBar will always be remember by this guy. Well Low key atmosphere with amazing drinks must experience."  drinks are always super awesome." Apparently people drive all over town to get these! I will come back for them. I was skeptic at first about their 5 item menu Real nice joint a setting to chill I ordered a Manhattan they gave me a half of a half maraschino cherry in my drink was disappointed order the second one this one had a full cherry bad thing about it the waitress came by and took my drink and I wasn't done with it that was pretty rude" "This is a dark upscale dive bar. The drinks were way over priced and it was definitely for an older crowd  but still met and had some great conversations with other guest and bartender.  I can imagine this place on a Thursday and through the weekend is the place to be.  Very much a Speakeasy feel and vibe.  I will be back for sure." Great spot! Good music and great people! The the food is amazing. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to relax in a great atmosphere! This place has the best old-fashions.. the Italian guy can rock a mix drink follow his advice! Best service! Coolest Vibe! Comfy seating and you will stay cool! I reccomend for any traveler or local alike! Suprise good times! All are welcome! Brian is awesome! Music is perfect and you can talk or move with music!  and the live music made for a fun experience. We enjoyed that there was a good mix of people and the vibe was laid back. A couple bottles of wine and a cheese board later and the night was unforgettable. We will be back!" peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q "you know that scene in Goodfellas where all the mobbed up dudes are at the Copa with their girlfriends? this place is kinda like that  check out the menu and atmosphere first to decide if you like the absuridity of this place."  it is served in a pasta trio with other pastas of the day.  Another tasty dish is the osso bucco.  You really should try this place at least once.  It would be great for a nice date.  I don't think that they strictly enforce a dress code  so I usually take home what's left on my plate.  It's great the next day." "This is the BEST Italian food in Phoenix. The ""Goodfellas"" vibe is understated. What I loved was the 80s decor  servers take time to make sure you are happy with what you are ordering and with what you get"  which was parmesean crusted and very good. It was mild and wonderful. The tiramisu for dessert was also great. Next time though i will get the pasta as the were making it fresh in the restauraunt. I have to give that a try. The ambiance was great. I don't think they have changed anything since it opened in 1974. It's not trendy or chic but it is classy and takes you back in time. It does seem like it attracts an older generation  the pasta chef brought the tray over to our table and suggested we try the gnocchi with alfredo sauce.  The gnocchi were the melt-in-your-mouth kind and the sauce was a tomato enhanced alfredo - very flavorful.   Full from the appetizer  drinks and appetizers are priced accordingly... totally worth every penny."  but this place came at it from a different angle and was worth every penny.  Enjoy!"  this place is serious class. The owner meets you at the door and the food is the best Italian around.  I'm Sicilian so I know good Italian food and this is the best Italian restaurant I have found in Az. It is not inexpensive  and I swore they had been in the home a million times.  The server treated everyone like family and the food was fantastic.  We began with ravoli "We had a company office dinner here and had a great experience.  The service was outstanding and food was very delicious. However Even the bathroom was cool. They have little velcro covers for the the pipes under the sink. Talk about class. Yes I'm being sarcastic  and the service was great.  We will be back!" concluded the meal by sharing the homemade tiramisu ($6) with my 2 colleagues.  for the price We drank waters and the bill was $68 after tip.  I won't be going back."  the bottom layer was too soggy.  I'll give them a pass on that because having assembled that desert many times I know how tricky it can be."  the ambiance straight out of a Soprano's episode and the food was delicious.  We especially loved the crab cakes!  We even had dessert - the cheesecake was pretty good." The veal chop was stuffed with spinach and a little cheese.  It was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked.  I don't think I've ever had a veal chop this moist and delicious.  The berries with whipped cream were a perfect ending  adding that they also had house wine.  He mentioned $8 and we thought he was talking about the Rombauer.  We ordered the Rombauer - one cab and one zin.  When we got the bills Good luck and here's to making it back out of the 70's time warp!"  stick to the gnocchi.  And pass on dessert and salad course unless you like a ton of dressing."  informed and attentive.   We started with 3 different  homemade pastas and a side of fried Calamari and all were excellent. My wife had a fresh white fish encrusted with herbes and parmesan. I had a double thick stuffed veal chop. Both dinners were excellent obviously each prepared with much care to detail.    We were so full  the gorgonola cheese on the Insalata exceptional.  The amaretto cheesecake with strawberry slices we shared was amazing.  Avanti describes the restaurant as suitable for ""quiet romance.""  While the ambience is pleasant It's definitely not for those on a budget."  three extremely small plates of mediocre pasta desserts that cloyed the palate. All for an advertised value of $90. Will NEVER return." The long and the short of it I wont be back. Avanti's has slipped to Olive Garden level with Macaroni Grill prices! WAY OVER PRICED." Gnocchi and Tiramisu were delicious for a early Saturday Meal .  I will go again for my favorite winter Italian fix.  Its too bad that a Groupon/Other discount programs are necessary to offset the high a la carte pricing.   Obviously the Restaurant is staying open with the heavy discounting  programs based on the Yelp reviews.  It would make sense to realistically price the Menu so that they could cater to repeat Guests like myself and not rely on the 3rd party marketing.   John is very a gracious server who was very nice.  pasta and desert. Gotta say it was all pretty good. Bread was pretty good also. Will be back at some point." "Food was excellent.  Kind of in a crappy part of town.  They pour healthy glasses of wine =-) and the food is served in a presentation format.  The decor made me feel like Scarface might be sitting a few tables away.  The decor in the bar is dated and the mirrors all over the place made me feel funny.  The service was FANTASTIC and you feel very comfortable making conversation without worrying about being ""too loud""." Disgusting!  Had a Groupon so my daughter and I tried it out.  Very outdated and gaudy 80's style interior made me feel like I was in an episode of Sopranos.  The food itself was pretty bad.  We ordered pretty simple dishes but they just had no flavor at all!  After trying it out I'm positive all the good reviews on here are employees or owners creating them. Just went to Avanti for Mother's Day and was very pleased. The meal was a brunch buffet and was some of the most authentic Italian food I have tasted in America. The service was equally matched with the exceptional cuisine. Wonderful place with great food. The place could use some updating but I still like it. "I went there for my 30th Birthday celebration. We were greeted immediately by a friendly staff member and taken to a table that was not set up for the number of guests we had even though we had called ahead several days prior for a reservation. We were given 2 dinner menus for 5 people. We asked about happy hour menu and he brought back one menu and wasn't able to answer questions about it. He took the appetizer order from 3 people and left the table without taking order from the other two. He didnt return till the appetizers came out from the original order. The apps were fantastic! (Stuffed Shrimp "get the ngocchi and that is all I have to say.... do it before you die.   The stuff melts in your mouth and I have never had it taste so good anywhere else.  The food and service are great at this place and the prices are like a really high end restaurant.  This place has been around since the 70's and it shows...which is my only complaint.  I really wish they would remodel this place and revive it a little bit because the food is really good.  The owner is always around our server has worked there for 33 years if that doesn't tell you something.  The atmosphere in the bar is black and white checkerboard tile with mirrors for walls.  The dining room has been painted but the furniture is a little dated.  I ordered the veal Marsala and it was fantastic "Service is awesome and food is pretty good.  We had reservations which ended up being unnecessary as the place was empty.  The decor is definitely outdated and the clientele is family oriented and a lil loud as there's lots of laughter.  I'd definitely recommend if you are going ins big casual group Excellent old school Italian! My suggestion would be to skip this place and head over to BLT Steak for their escargot appetizer ($7) during happy hour and then to Beckett's Table for the Pork Osso Bucco Confit ($18). And if you want a cleaner taste  right down to the zebra striped chairs. The service is spot on; this isn't your chain joint with some struggling actor as your server. All the servers here know their menu and their wine pairings. The food is the icing on the cake! Everything here is authentic italian I ordered the special which was recommended by the waiter and it was great.  My wife had the fish which was very good too but maybe too much lemon.  The atmosphere is great.  It looks like an old school Italian restaurant.  They have a lot of photos of celebrities so I guess famous people like to eat there too. Will not go back again."  and intimate setting along with outstanding food and service makes this a must see and eat place in my opinion. So many restaurants these days are about group dining  especially when we initially requested water to drink when we had just been sat. I saw his interest deflate as quickly as he calculated what his potential tip without adding wine to the bill. Little did he consider that we needed a little time to settle in and determine what wine would pair well with our entree. Equally  the most delicious gnocchi in town.  Comes in an Alfredo sauce with peas." vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA "I love the decor at this restaurant!  Went there for the first time with a Groupon discount and have been back 3 times since then.  The calamari is the BEST I have ever had here or in any restaurant in California.  Can't wait for the summer lobster special to return.  All of the pasta dishes are great.  Save room for the amazing tiramisu.  The waiters all speak Italian and are very attentive as is the owner who always makes it a point to stop by our table to see how we enjoyed our meal.  We had my Mother's 91st birthday dinner at Avanti  servers nice...  Repeat performance do-able" vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA Great patio.  Red pepper soup very tasty as are shortrib tacos.  Great service  the food is consistent. Really like their antipasto platter and gnocchi"  extremely comforting.  The staff is top-notch.  They give the impression of folks who have worked there for a while and care about the restaurant and the impression they make on the customer. The food incredible.  My favorite thing on the menu is the Pappardelle with Beef Shank Ragu (why is it so hard to find Pappardelle anywhere??)  Trust me  we were welcomed upon entrance and our server was very attentive... but only in the beginning of the meal.  It took us forever to get our check."  sub par food at high prices means this place should be avoided." Awesome service and incredible food. :)  the bottle of wine was superb and the flan was also great. Considering the food that we ordered including crab cake appetizer and dessert along with the bottle of wine our tab was only about $125. I came out of this place very satisfied!" NASTY! Gordon Ramsay would have ripped this place apart. I'm imagining that's why there were only 6 people in this fairly large awkward restaurant on  a Friday night.  Completely outdated overpriced food. $26 for the grossest chicken Francese I have ever eaten. What a ripoff! Also their house wine is $10 a glass ( barefoot brand) will never return.  and they are mindful of your experience. They will not clear your plates until they are absolutely sure you are finished or give them a signal (napkin on plate or even a nod). If you have wine to finish I am so excited that we are going to Avanti again for our wedding anniversary! We have done this for years the food is superb and you will not find better service. The atmosphere is Art Deco and very elegant but very comfortable. My favorite restaurant! "From out of town lookin got some pasta! Settled on this place and ordered steak pizzaiola instead! 2nd best i ever had! My waiter was old school! Very attentive and accommodating! I was wearing carhart pants and shirt and still got 4 star service and attention! Expected a snooty attitude. Got quite the opposite!  Decor is a little weird but the food and service more than made up for it! Thank you  showing $90.  The entrees are more expensive than good  I can't imagine coming back here because our bill came out close to $85/person (although admittedly we did have two drinks each)."  but was not a good value. It was old- school Americanized cuisine. I would not seek it out again." Go here at least for the cannoli. Stay for the dinner too. Fantastic place My only negative comment is the tiramisu was a bit soggy (for lack of a better description) on the bottom.  But that is completely excusable due to the service and everything else being remarkable.  We will be back for sure." vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA  but I would have gladly paid full price." This place was Great. The food service and atmosphere was unbelievable. The pasta dishes we had were the best we have had since Italy. True Italian Every item at the buffet table should have had a serving utensil but many had none. I was very uncomfortable having to pick with my hands. It was all poor quality food and poorly prepared. Not for foodies and especially not for real Italians!" So had a gift certificate to eat here so rounded up a couple of co-workers and headed to lunch! It was a really cool place the wall of fame was solid! I ordered the Chicken and Sausage Scarpariello it was AWESOME service was good..will come back to try dinner for sure!!  sat us at our table and disappeared for the remainder of the evening.  Our waiter was odd; he seemed to be in a rush and irritated even though the place was empty. For starters we ordered the pasta trio sampler and the Oyster Rockefeller.  The only thing memorable about the sampler was the gnocchi which was as good as most yelpers mentioned. The Rockefeller may have been the worse I've ever had; the oysters were so tiny I could barely discern them in the heavily creamed spinach. I'm not sure how something so creamy can be so utterly bland and flat. For the entre I had the Salmon which again was drowned in a weird sauce that covered the entire plate. The salmon was moist but the sauce was putrid. It tasted at least 3 days old. The sides were cold oven roasted potatoes which again were covered in that odd sauce. For the finale  cold and fresh. The steak that my brother in law had was very large and cooked properly. I had the pasta trio. The gnocchi was good. The other two pastas were below average and I suspect made from a canned pasta sauce. There were 5 of us dining. Some were happy with the experience. Others simply tolerated it. We dined for a special occasion  and tasted several days old. This experience would have been forgettable and/or forgiveable if they weren't also charging $35/plate for the halibut ""special"". There are so many other restaurants nearby that charge less for a much better food experience. Bottom line Heard this place was great and saw that it was happy hour so decided to drop by. Unsure about the service at first but he ended up being really friendly and helped us make some great choices regarding what to order. Everything we tried was delicious and the $5 glasses of wine complimented the meal perfectly! Great old school vibe. Looked like a great place for parties and events. My new favorite restaurant in AZ. This is the kind of place I have been looking for since I moved here. Real authentic Italian food finally!  check out Avanti. We'll be visiting them again soon."  then dessert and after dinner drinks. This is the kind of place you spent some time in. This is the kind of place that used to require some proper dining etiquette. I don't find this happening much anymore at Avanti. There hasn't even been a need for valet on my visits over the last several years. That's not a bad thing. Just an observation. Times are changing  their soup Italian wedding soup was warm and tasty nice broth. They have great bread. The place is a little o n the dark side and these old eyes have trouble with the menu. I loved their shrimp scampi. Great deserts" "Woooooooow! Went to Avanti with a few friends for restaurant week. I decided to split the restaurant week menu with a friend since she had weight loss surgery and can't eat too much. I am severely regretting this decision. We got the meat lasagna...is it impolite to lick the plate clean? Is it truly considered poor etiquette to do so when it was THIS delicious? Meat lasagna "Went here last night with my mom for Restaurant Week & I was just floored with how good their food AND service was. We were there past rush hour so we pretty much had the place to ourselves & we got nothing but rockstar service from their waiter John. Such a nice man  sooo yummy Italian dishes.  It is a classic and shouldn't be missed.  I have been going here for 10 years!!!!"  no bad meal and we are a group of foodies who eat at all the dive places around town. Ever been to Durants in downtown Phoenix? This one is not a far cry from that dated  but great for a special night out. The service is what makes this place five stars. The waiters will take great care of you and make you feel like a regular."  etc. It's kind of in the middle of all of this. When you walk in it's a little funky with almost mirrored ceilings and the lighting is too bright. But the food was fantastic. We had chicken parm  hardcore 80's..annnnd our waiter seemed to hate us for some reason. For a $300 meal  maybe slightly rushed. We were not advised of the specials for the evening. Having reviewed the menu prior to arriving Great food on the pricey side. Went 2 times . Anniversary dinner was excellent 5 stars. Food ambiance and service was excellent. Then went for New Years 2015. Very disappointed in the menu for the evening. The food was certainly not as enjoyable as our first experience and the service dropped from 5 stars to 2 1/2 stars. We made the best of it but when you spend a lot for a new yrs dinner and are disappointed you don't plan on going back. We don't have money to throw in the garbage I'm picky about restaurants and service. This place is a solid A+. The only regret is not coming here sooner. I'm so glad I ordered sausage and peppers from another vendor. because it was delicious and when I tried the Avanti gnocchi that a friend ordered it was terrible. It was like it came out of a can.  Mushy and in a gooey tasteless white sauce. I understand that it was pre-made but I'd never go to the restaurant after that food and attitude. Off topic It was not until we were almost home I had forgotten my food since it was never once brought back out like we wasted our money for not eating my food right then and there. If im not mistaken i am pretty sure that the owner and chef were the same person.  In that case I will not be recommending this place to anyone in the future if the owner is that much of a douchebag to with hold my food because I was feeling so sick and just wanted some coffee the whole time I was there.  I should not have to repeat myself to have to ask for things consistently.  It is the waiters job to assess the situation and to be understanding.  Not to be a jerk the whole time and not ask if there was anything else he could have got me besides my food. like...my Coffee!"  but I can get the same experience at hundreds of restaurants without shelling out $200 for two people (includes a bottle of wine). If you're looking for an old school dining experience give Avanti a try. If you're looking for a place to spend a special evening you might want to try somewhere else." Avanti's is some of the best Italian I have ever had. This place makes everything fresh and from scratch. The gnocchi with vodka sauce is my all time favorite. A definite must!!!  a piano man and great food. I use this place as a second date it works every time. Truly one of the great Italian digs in the valley if not the best. If you haven't been you better make a point of going." If you're looking for a fabulous Italian meal this is the place to be!" Love it! Great!!!!  Food was amazing but the service was simple AWESOME!  which was lightly fried and seasoned--an excellent start to the meal. I had the pasta special. The gnocchi were absolutely the star of the plate---light and airy Oh! And their wine selection is terrific. Even their house wines are great. Take your waiter's recommendation on wine with your dish. You will not be disappointed!" The pasta fagioli was a very good starter for the Veal Piccata.  Both dishes came out hot and full of flavor. The restaurant is tucked away off the road. It's an excellent place for a lunch business meeting. vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA I'd like to give it 4 stars because the the food as always was great(minus an overcooked filet) however they replaced it with a perfectly cooked filet very quickly and that was awesome. The problem with my experience was our server Andrew. We were celebrating my dads 81st bday and were  hoping our server would be a little more personable and knowledgable about the menu and better describing it than his vague half answers. His sarcastic demeanor and lack of enthusiasm to have customers was surprising and unexpected since the place was pretty vacant for a Friday night. I'd say perk up the staff a little and sir a seora don't really qualify in my book especially when he never even took the time to introduce himself. None the less a great meal and we will still go back when we get a need for some seriously hearty food :)  we had no room. We were wrong when Sergio placed a trio plate of their desserts! It was chocolate ice cream "This restaurant is gem!  The service is excellent and the food is delicious!  We came from LA for the fair and we arrived on a Friday night I was feeling for some authentic Italian pasta. We had the seafood pasta. 31 bucks a plate. Service was good. More like an American Italian food. 6/10. The best part is the tacky 80s decor! Food was ok. For that price it was a once in a lifetime experience. If you are looking for an american style Italian you may like this. It's not authentic Italian. The pasta was not served al dente. "The decoration and ambiance is different from what you'd expect at an Italian restaurant but the food was very good. The meat lasagna is to die! Great service and I loved that the owner comes out to sit people and show them their tables "Everything here is great!  I've tried almost everything on the menu Had the veggie lasagne and it was delicious.  The pasta was thin and soft and the sauce was amazing.  Portions were huge but light The food was great! My date got spaghetti which wasn't anything special. It didn't have enough sauce on it and it just was whatever. But my food was fantastic!! I got the pene al fadoro. Or something like that and It was so good! This place is a little over priced for what you get. I wouldn't ever go here again even as much as I liked my food because of the atmosphere and price."  flan and cannoli was just right and I felt like I was back home in South Philly.  Service was impeccable and we were treated like family (a healthy family). The owner/chef comes around and greets everyone too.  The diners were a mixed group of ages and dress-casual to dressy...very diverse which speaks to its reputation. My  husband had pre-ordered a flower arrangement which was on our table when we arrived. This was a memorable and romantic dining experience...we will certainly go back!" We went back for dinner and was very disappointed. I got the lasagna that we had from our rehearsal dinner. It was so burnt on one of the edges it was basically inedible. They replaced it with a new one and gave us a bottle of wine for free since all 4 of us had issues with our orders. I give them 5 for customer service  The food was exceptional. I don't think I've ever had cannelloni as good as I had here. My husband's escargot and veal parm were excellent. The escargot was NOT ""chewy"" like pencil erasers as some restaurants serve. The creme brle was so-so but interesting because there were raspberries on the bottom and a couple of strawberries on the top. I thought the cream was a little too runny Love the vintage decor.... Felt like I needed tony soprano to dine with me!" vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA "I chose Avanti to celebrate my birthday at back in December.  Not sure why I waited so long to dine there (was introduced to the restaurant by way of ""Check Please"" approximately 2 years ago) but I will certainly return.  Loved the atmosphere I highly recommend this Phoenix gem." Yikes. Stuck in the 70s. Horrible food. Super disappointed. I liked the 70s decor.  But disappointed in the food which tasted like it had been on the counter since then too. I'd never go back. Sad.  so decided to meet a coworker there for lunch yesterday.  Wow...is this place old school or what?  When I walked in Wonderful old school Italian cuisine. Entrees were terrific and so were the deserts. John was our waiter and I will be sure to ask for him on our next visit to Avanti! Great place. Found this place due to a friend that lives here many years ago. When we pulled up there was only a few cars in the lot so we almost didn't go inside but so glad we did. This place is traditional. Home made everything. We tried the escargot which was fantastic along with the veal. This is not garbage food like Olive Garden this is your Italian grandmothers cooking. Reasonably priced as well. "I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience at Avanti. The moment we walked in the owner or manager greeted us and I felt warm and welcome. We started with the delectable stuffed shrimp and chose the osso bucco and stuffed pork chop for entrees. Both were perfect. We finished with the chocolate cake that was beyond delicious. Our waiter had great suggestions and was very efficient. I really liked and appreciated the same gentleman that greeted us initially stood and said goodbye to us. Overall Fantastic Italian restaurant with great service and spectacular specials. Enjoyed great value.  but the food at Avanti was simply amazing!!! If you are in Phoenix and want amazing Italian food it is a must!!! All I can say is never judge a book by its cover!! Thank you Avanti for an amazing meal!! Can't wait to come back!!" I love this place. Every time I've ever eaten here I'm treated like their best customer. The food is consistently excellent. The escargot is divine. The veal picatta is wonderful. I also recommend the tiramisu with a shot of grappa. The owner always checks in during the meal to make sure you are completely satisfied. I really wish this place got more credit and attention that it deserves because it really is a long standing and reliable excellent dining location. The decor is traditional and classic. This isn't your trendy yuppy sushi place with EDM blasting. They have classic Italian favorites quietly adding to the relaxing ambiance. All of the tables are meticulously outfitted with the proper table wear. Most of the staff have worked there for years. They care about the restaurant and their customers. Avanti's is a special Phoenix dining experience. This was a wonderful meal for a Sunday night...to get us ready for the week ahead.  We'll definitely be back!!"  I asked the waiter if their pasta was homemade and he told me yes. I don't believe it. The pasta was not bad  this place is okay for a local dive. It's punk-friendly and has plenty of bar games (pool  3 bucks for gin and tonics and most other mixed drinks. A shuffleboard game  go next door and order wings and eat them in the parking lot and put the chicken bones in your purse.  NOW Absolutely the antithesis of Scottsdale fussiness." A bonus: even though the bar is considered a dive  a very interesting dive bar with a colorful mix of clients. If I still lived on that side of town  the TVs work and the people are friendly. I dig it!"  it reminded me of a neighborhood bar up in Alaska where one seeks refuge in the darkness of it from the weather outdoors and the traffic of tourists. And I wouldn't call this place a dive. It's just not a modern slick bar  and all the neighborhood drunks were very welcoming and friendly here."  I was kind of surprised that the bartender actually called the cops but hey good for her. Overall the night was fairly fun it had it's ups and downs most people there were trying to have a god time and I think everyone did for the most part. If you like a good hard cheap drink this is a good place to go  atmosphere or anything really... except that as far as Dive Bars go A real bar! Great drink prices.  I am sure her trailer (if she lived in a trailer) would look alot like this bar. Everything tinged with a hue of grey from the years of cancer sticks being offered up with well drinks by her trucker friends and their kids. Collections of debris/life scattered around and odd papers pinned to walls - oh and weird fish tanks that are so clean they make their surroundings look even more crusty.  The staff is cool though - even if they don't really work there but have ""filled in"" for 20 years....they make it worth a drink." It's quaint and drinks are reasonable. The bartenders are still nice and free pour a great cocktail.  The jukebox plays good music.  It reminds me of a beloved bar in Alaska on a winter night because it is warm & dark inside and the walls are wood paneled.  And the bartender offers to call you a cab after 2 drinks when I cashed out.  relax and have fun.  We've met some cool people there for sure and I definitely plan on continuing to frequent the place...well 4vZZjr6IZAk4riT0DB8MbQ I would definitely go back on any dive bar crawl.  - also try Darwins just two doors down!"  and other games to play. There is a huge fish tank and several TVs for any sports game... They serve hot nuts  shuffleboard and darts. Go place to if you're thirsty and low on cash. I can't make any promises as to how you'll feel in the morning but you'll still have money in your wallet." - fellow customer offering to give you a tattoo right there This is my... F*&% it let's go to the bar... bar."  but what do you expect with a dive bar? Over all it does have a good atmosphere. I like that the back has a smoking area... although they could use a couple chairs out there. Good cheap place with friendly people & somewhere good to go where u dont need to dress to impress. Very casual. Relaxed."  but if need a hot chick or studly dude to serve you up some drinks then carry on my friends.  This is a place where you got friends at low places -- Enjoy!"  either. People will leave you alone if that's what you're after. Or if you want to talk they'll gladly talk." From the outside this place can look a little intimidating  but be wary of the jukebox and don't expect any niceties depending on the bartender." Stop in and say hi. I promise you'll love it." So very many bday parties here for the regulars. Thank the gods for water w lime. I'm just here to drop off bday cupcakes :)  but cheap drinks comes at the price at bartenders who were slow to customers and smartass about that.  Every bar has a different appeal Do not ever step into this establishment if you are not a white conservative. Would highly suggest this bar to advertise I know!!" "Horrible. If there were less than one star then i could be more accurate. I've never been treated worse by a bartender. Trashy bar. Smells like an ashtray. Came in with some coworkers to shoot pool at the end of the night. Went to play our last game and she said this is your last game and looked at me and said she already told me that  laid back atmosphere. Also.... Wait for it cheap (strong) drinks!!!!! After u finish drinking u can stumble over to Zipps to soak up the booze. WIN WIN!!!!" The regulars are all cool In the meantime go to the NOOK  modern remodel and great location to get food before or after. If they had some food 5 stars." Please please please please please bring back the dart board game. I heard a rumor it wasn't coming back post renovation and my whole group of friends was crushed! WE LOVE COMING TO DRINK AND PLAY DARTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Open late...I guess I found my local dive bar "This place WAS the best dive bar in phoenix now it's just ok... if it's not broken  flat screen TVs and etc. The bartender was super nice and provided excellent customer service. We will definitely be returning back." "Been coming here since I was 20.. I'm now..... Yeah nice try. If you want to quick drink with nice people try the DD. They have recently remodeled so it had a great spanky (clean) look about it. Also Well done on the remodel. They kept the small bar feel but updated a bit. Still has the pool table () and basically the same people minus a few that should be gone anyways (yes I said  it) but I still love to dilly at the dally.  fun!!! Friendly staff and a big fish tank to zone out to when sitting at the bar... oh  drinks and beer selection sucks I could go to circle k and find better beer....jukebox doesn't even work cause it saves up hundreds of songs from the past so if you want to listen to something buy it a week before....if your looking for warm beer I wish this establishment well but you missed the mark with people like me. If it wasn't broke Miss the ole bartenders"  and well priced. Love that they have a shuffleboard table too!" They serve Coke products and no Mt Dew. 1/2 point deduction...haha" Oh Bobby D's you're a little hole in the wall but you're one of my favorites and I wouldn't change a thing about you." EUXT1vSFWaiD_BFmFK8rBg ~ $1 vodka soaked gummy bears (an interesting novelty in which I did not indulge)" Lots of HD TVs for all of your sporting needs too!"  I met a women in there stopping before her plane to Chicago ordering them to go because she couldn't get as good in Chicago. (don't know how they would work as a take out but sure are good there.)" Bobby D's is a really great local spot. The prices are so reasonable. During happy hour from 3 to 6 you can eat for under 5 bucks. Drinks are super cheap too. Awesome jukebox. Get the wings hot and grilled and you will be in love. The sliders are another favorite.  their staff has zero customer service and are extremely slow. Don't bother going here to watch football either because you will be inconvenienced. I've been here many times and every single time I've had something to complain about. If you have no standards  which creates kind of a mixed signal. And they must not see a lot of children in there too often. children are like celebrities in there. In summary This is always consistently good.  The only thing I was ever disappointed with was the fried chicken I had a while ago.  The 'burger and the skinny fries are excellent.  My wife and I usually go for their grilled wings and house salad.  I think they currently have the best wings.  You won't find larger wings or better tasting.  Their salmon was only okay.  For the price and the quality of the food this place is hard to beat.  They just need to go hi-def with their satellite service.  and friendly bartenders. Love this place! I've only lived in this neighborhood for about 3 years The place is a bit small but has a nice charm. The staff are friendly and happy to serve. TVs everywhere!!!"  the cook puts mustard in the tartar. Must have been to Kulinary Kollege."  and the grilled cheese and hot dog... man they are good... good fries new remodeled so caught me off guard but great place to catch some football and drink a few beers and grub on some of the best wings in town..."  more often during football season.  We often stop by with the intention of hanging out for an hour or so and usually wind up closing the place down.  The staff is awesome  we should come back more often and we will. Without a doubt." 8lMQrVQU-5iG9UA4KvcnsQ  blond hair chick.  Dry sense of humor.  Door guy is cool.  Manger guy is cool.  Pool tables.  Juke box.  Clean for a biker bar. Stage for the band which is nice.  I dig it." When we get Gigs there our band get's excited that is because the crowds are fun and it seems like we make new friends everything we play."  even though the top shelf here is probably the bottom shelf at most bars.  They apparently have music on the weekends and I can't wait to check it out...I will keep you updated; this may become my new favorite five star dive bar!"  but they service is friendly and the drinks are cheap. There was live music on both occasions I was in and it really was pretty good. I wouldn't say this spot or the patrons were too classy It's that kind of place. Enjoy."  kind of a hassle just to get a drink unless you always carry cash." "I think the people who work in this bar are some of the nicest you'll ever meet.  It's kinda divey but the drinks are very cheap and the band rocked (ReGroove).  There is a dance floor which is pretty generous "It's basically a hole in the wall that has live music.  The only problem with this joint is that you can't count on the bands or the guy at the joint that books them.  Without the band you're just stuck in a joint paying too much fit your food.  The regular customers are a good group of people and the staff has been there forever  keep a close eye on your wife or girlfriend. They'll be snatched if you're not careful. Lots of HOG members and other motorcycle clubs present. This crowd makes me somewhat nervous The bartender here had my ROFL all night. (FYI I was the DD so no alcohol induced hilarity) the live band was fun and talented guys who played crowd pleasers. Totally a cave creek road dive bar but the place is relaxed and not ber pretentious. I would go back.  and older but a fun atmosphere. Great band. Nice bartenders yet they let our empty bottles and shot glasses pile up at our table. I would definitely go there again and have recommended some friends to go there. Great date spot."  and friendly patrons; Which are 3 things I personally look for. ;) Big nascar bar  but the people seem really shady there This place is a kick ass little corner bar. Lots of TVs with sporting events and great people. I definitely recommend going and checking it out once their patio is done being built. Drinks are potent and service is the best. This IS the mini version of a Cheers in Arizona.  this place definitely fits the bill. Just look behind the Baskin Robbin's cuz it is tucked away." This is definitely a place to go when you need to have a drink to relax." So if you're looking for a great place to unwind after work  and I've heard rave reviews of the live entertainment they get.  Wish they had a menu "Great place to drink and socialize.  Tons of regulars who will soon become your friends.  Bartenders are just as nice!  Very neighborhood bar.  Great jukebox or live music many nights  with great great great staff and service! The mood is always friendly and relaxed... this is a great place to just kick back Yikes -- Won't be back." Having said that I think I will roll over for a drink about now. I am really going to love going to this great neighborhood bar."   the snacking menu could be improved "This is a great place just to hang out and enjoy great company. Everyone here makes you feel right at home... patrons and workers. They have a cozy patio with a nice TV where you can enjoy a cocktail and a smoke. And inside the bar there are dart boards and Golden Tee "Went to this bar last night since it was close to my apt. and rec'd decent reviews from Yelpers.......NOT!! I have never been so obviously ignored since my days in Southie (a well known anti-black area of Boston). I paid for my drink and the bartender placed my change in front of the guy sitting next to me. Ok If you like smoky low life atmosphere.. then this is the place for you.  Bartender not too friendly and it's a dump! A fun time was had by all.  I'll definately be back!"  and I did notice a huge stack of games to play. What a great idea! I will absolutely come back with some friends to play some Jenga or Apples to Apples. Patio is very cozy and comfortable. All in all  awesome outdoor patio and the drinks are reasonably priced. My girl Laura always takes care of me. Always a fun place to go (literally) tucked away from the P.V. Mall area."  and the drinks are seriously cheap. But cheap isn't bad here. The best part  better prices and a fun atmosphere tucked away. Iguana balls are tasty as well."  darts and especially Golden Tee. All of these things add up to a pretty decent place to go while away a couple of hours."  in fact most of the time you will have to order food out b/c they don't have much. The food they do have fried pickles and iguana balls(chicken balls) are really good. Just kind of boring as far as bars go with crappy country music and usually not a lot of ppl in there."  and friendly staff (Rob is awesome) They also have a juke box we always entertain ourselves with. They don't have a big food menu so I wouldn't recommend it if you're hungry.. otherwise this place is awesome." Check it out.  See you this weekend!" "Great place to grab a drink after work with friends that isn't corporate or pricey.  Just laid back Very nice and clean! Cool vibe and cheap drinks! You have got to try the beer spunge it's delicious! They also have darts and do a Christmas in July to help charity every year! Is defiantly recommend it. They also have really nice drink specials everyday! "" and a good atmosphere. The regulars here definitely make everyone feel welcome." The bartenders are always very friendly and the drinks are usually very cheap but... I would ask about the price of certain pitchers of beer before purchasing one. Certain brands are shockingly pricey. Other than that great bar to just hang out and have some good times with friends." A great bar - super friendly - plus live music. "We go to the Paradise Lounge quite often. It's very close to our home and it's the perfect laid back place for us. Gotta love the touch tunes jukebox and darts! De De always mixes up the perfect potion to get our night going! Psssst...try the sweet tart!! :-) Usually a pretty chill crowd. Saturdays they will typically have live music  good prices ! Would recommend this place to anyone looking for a bar!!" Great little local place. Always enjoy coming here. I absolutely love this place.  The drinks are cheap and the environment is cozy. It's a little hole in the wall bar so it might be a little tough to find. The staff is extremely friendly and remember us by name even though we only go maybe once a week. They have tons of board games to play which we found entertaining after a few drinks. I would totally recommend this place! !! Won't accept a vertical ID for some reason never been to a bar that didn't. The bartender was nice enough but only 2 stars for a waste of time. Definitely check this one out if you're in the area. Oh and the open mic night is on Tuesdays in case you were wondering!" "This place is a hidden gem. My boyfriend and I love the ""cheers"" wooden bar and the back patio (if you smoke) They have super sweet bartenders "This place is awesome~!   It's a mini ""Cheers"" where everyone knows your name~!   Beers & Drinks are cheap~! If YOU SMOKE they have a quaint outside deck in back~!  This place is the areas best kept secret~!  EVERYONE is so fun and friendly~!  A Definite WIN WIN~!   ;)"  just in case that's not your thing." I only go here once every six months...and the staff always remember what I drink. Who has that kind of memory?? "My favorite hole in the wall bar filled with good people 1rOQVIlUlLBcf1EDj_n4Vw  but I've heard it's good. It's hidden away in a strip mall but the interior is classic. They also seem to like hockey at this bar which is great for a place in the desert..." We used to come here as our regular bar. We moved and stoped in tonight to have a few drinks and meet up with everyone. We waited 15 mintues to get a beer while the bartender krystal was talking on her cellphone standing at the bar. She finally talked to us after 15 mins and it took another 10 to get our drinks. Dee and Tyler have always been amazing. This krystal is definetly a dissapointment and makes us not want to come back. "Paradise Lounge is absolutely amazing! My spouse and I enjoy our free time diving into their cozy and charming environment once in a while. If I didn't hear about this place I would have never found it 