"I took a suitcase here to have a zipper replaced and I could not be happier with their work! My suitcase's zipper was replaced and it now works better than ever - all the zippers do because they worked their magic and made them all run smoother than ever - and they even took the time to move the tassel from the old zipper to the new one! This place is highly recommended - it will defiantly be my go-to for repairing shoes My 10 year old got a pair of boots from my dad who has als. Obviously these meant the world to my little boy but the heel broke of one. I first took them up the street parodies family who quoted 45.00!!!!??? I could glue the heal for 1.75 myself. He said he need to do both pairs. Anyway I decided to get a second opinion and came here. They fixed the one by redoing it for only 15.00!!!  I'm very happy and pleased with them. The boots were probably not worth much but I was treated as if they were. "Resoled motorcycle boots only lasted two rides.  When I brought them back with new soles they said they'd attach them using ""stronger glue"".  When the new soles didn't fit I said forget it and asked for a refund.  They refused - even after I suggested they probably should have used the ""stronger glue"" the first time.   I'll never go near that place again and wish I'd put the $50 towards the replacement boots...."  at great prices.  They explain to you what they will do and how to keep your shoes in great shape!"  were able to. I actually spent $50 once repairing a pair of shoes that cost me only $70 to begin with since they were one of my favorites - women should know what I'm talking about. All the straps had to be resewn since they were falling apart. My mom was so impressed with their work that she started bringing things out here from CA to get fixed (a few of which her local repair person said they could not fix). The last pair of shoes I brought in about a month ago they told me from the get go could not be repaired and if they just glued them "I live far away from them but I drove there because of the good reviews here. Had a LV bag that needed some special tlc and new stitching.  Gentleman there (it's a very small place) gave his opinion but said he would have the master cobbler look at it and then call me with an estimate. After 5 days (!) I still hadn't heard from them The strap on my Louis Vuitton broke off and some other stitching on the strap was coming undone. I was very disappointed when LV refused to fix it. I brought it to Cobbler's Den and they told me they could repair it but warned me that the stitching would show on the inside. Given this I wasn't expecting much. In only 4 days and $40 my purse was good as new! I was SO pleasantly surprised at how amazing the repair looked. Cobbler's Den saved an expensive purse that was otherwise completely unusable. I highly recommend!  professional service. Shortened several belts for me and discounted the work since it was duplicated effort. Informed me when they would be ready and even said it would be ready when they open in case I'm an early shopper  with an offer to ship my bag to me because I live  a good distance from their shop. A few days later I received my bag 