- Be sure your vehicle can hold the doodad you're renting. My car has a large cargo area I receive an email the next morning from the new employee I spoke with - 48 hours before the event - stating they cannot deliver without payment (which I already knew). I requested for the FIFTH TIME a W9 so I can get the check processed and will have it overnighted. I never heard from the company again - not one word and no W9 was sent. That same day I called another company and booked them with no issues. And of course Sunbelt never showed up. Completely unprofessional to leave my event in the balance when payment was simply waiting on a document from your own company - a one page form that all businesses have on file. Not sure what was so hard about forwarding me over a document but they lost my business and we will never be calling them again to rent equipment for an event or any needs we may have." Great place to rent equipment reasonable prices & great customer service! Ken was great! "I rent from here often and have always had a good experience. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The service is quick  was a joy to work with- very responsive and helpful (which was great as my order changed a lot of times). She made sure my order was right and worked closely with me to ensure everything was perfect. They delivered and picked up everything exactly as promised and were very professional and fast. They also have tons to choose from and will help you make the best choice for your money. Pricing was competitive too. Highly recommend!"  nobody came in. Not really my job as the customer to go LOOKING for a warm body. Found the prices on the list to be higher  we were able to rent heating lamps at the last minute. Everyone that works at A to Z is really nice. The only issue that we had was that our items didn't get to us in the morning as promised. They didn't arrive until 3pm Pro tip: rent on Friday after 4pm. You can return it Monday morning  I would recommend going here.  Maybe a little more expensive but the quality of the rental experience and the equipment itself says five stars to me."  I just was hoping that you would meet the schedule you had asked for on the equipment pick-up.  I advised that the heaters were on the patio where the delivery technician had placed them the day prior.   The gentleman at A to Z said that again they needed to charge me more money as a ""set-up"" charge to get them off my patio etc off of the curb and into the actual location of the event.  I gave them 1 star only because you have to in order to post a review." VWBEoMFhY-aIjQPs_86hqA Perfect on the drop off of rented tables and chairs but when it came to pick up on the Monday morning absolutely useless. My wife and I took a day off work with the plan that we would go out for the day once these people had picked up but when I hadn't heard from them by 11.40 I decided to call. The response was we are running behind schedule because Monday's are always busy but we should be there in another couple of hours so there goes our vacation day wasted. I would not recommend this company. Tip: first timers might have some trouble finding where to park. You go behind the street-front building and angle park in front of the back building. Then you drive out through the street-front building  and more for a birthday party. Long story short- they have horrible customer service and I was told there is no guarantee on time of delivery. They were unable to work with me and could not offer a solution. If you are looking for a party rental company- call Michael at rentaffordable.com in Tempe. A-z is awful." "This company is awesome! It is very well run and all the staff is well trained and knowledgeable. I appreciate that they do not charge a damage waiver fee that actually covers nothing unlike other companies; honest business.... very refreshing! i would highly recommend A to Z for any project you have on tap.... All their equipment is expertly serviced and ready for use. Don't go anywhere else "Customer service is not a priority at this business.  I was a die hard customer until a piece of equipment needed a repair during the warranty period.  Every time I spoke with someone I was told a different story as to why the repair wasn't covered under the warranty and each time I spoke to someone about the repairs needed I received a different quote.  I finally got them to agree to me paying for the parts and they would waive the labor.  When it came time to pick up my equipment A to Z Rentals ended up ruining something important to me. If I would have seen all of the one and two star reviews on here before I rented I would have saved a lot of time  because from reading other reviews below there crooks apparently I was very impressed with the customer service.  While I was waiting for my equipment to be brought out at least five different people asked me if I was being helped.  Everyone was very courteous and the equipment worked perfectly.  I won't hesitate to come back whenever I need to rent some equipment and I'll recommend the store to others.  but this will probably be the last time.  We had several problems with equipment that we recently rented.  Instructions were wrong and some of the parts were missing. We had to make two extra trips back to the store during the course of the rental. Staff members and even the store manager were not empathetic.  I called the corporate office to speak with someone to share my concerns Great rates on rentals and very helpful staff!  I have also used them for repair on power tools. Very reasonable and dependable!  My go to place for rentals and repair.  I would be lost without this tool.  My Echo Blower has always started on the second pull.  October 2015 was the first time it ever required service other than regular maintenance.  Using Google I found an authorized Echo dealer and repair shop in North Phoenix.  Discount Tool Rentals is a family owned business.  I liked how the store was clean and organized.  I was able to take a peek at the workshop area which was also very clean and organized.  The attention they give to detail and organization made me feel confident that the same attention would also be given to my Echo Blower.  The employees were very friendly and answered all of my questions.  I am very pleased with the repair  straightforward and very reasonably priced with me when repairing equipment.  I have no association with the business other than being a customer.  I highly recommend them." I have rented fro A-Z a few times in the last couple years. Mainly for yard maintenance equipment but they also have party supply items as well. They have always have what I need. Their staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Their prices are fair. I like going here to rent my tools.  Besides being close they seem to have pretty much anything I need.  The staff is friendly and doesn't hesitate to answer any questions I have.  very inexpensive and they rent all kinds of cool toys! A+ all the way!" "Great experience!  We rented plates and martini glasses for a party and it couldn't been easier.  They were friendly and helpful on the phone.  Pick-up and drop-off were a breeze and...  apparently  but called the day before to cancel them once I realized that the weather would be perfect and we wouldn't need them.  This saved me $200!  Becky had gone home sick that day so I spoke with Sheila and she was also very friendly and helpful.  The delivery guys brought everything to the venue 1st thing in the morning and since no one was really around to tell them where to set up the pipe and drape one of them gave me a call to inquire.  I don't recall his name but he was kind on the phone and understood my instructions.  In the end we were missing a table linen (not sure how) but Becky told me not to worry!  The pipe and drape provided wasn't as high as I was originally told but it turned out fine.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone!"  his badge said he had worked there since 1980 I would have guessed his customer skills would have gotten better... Could not get a smile out if him... I was calm and nice to them.  while they were looking for payment confirmation I had asked if I could take my boy to the restroom not a second later you could hear the party rental girl right outside the restroom upset and yelling at a coworker upset that we were in the restroom... My boy freaked out.  I said in a calm voice to my son  there were a couple of things we discovered we really didn't need until right at that point.  They were happy to let us exchange for other items with no extra charge "Had water to pump out of parking lot after monsoon rain. Unfortunately we were given a pump to small to get the job done. Took the pump back after six hours. Job only two thirds completed. Customer service man We had a birthday party for my daughter and needed more seating. My wife called in the reservation and I picked them up. The man at the counter recognized me from previous visits. They have such great customer service. Great place for all your rental needs. one regular and one companion with the connection kit. A-Z rental equipment save me about $300 compared to other locations."   and upbeat. Prices are fair and I have not had a problem with the equipment." 