 I was wrong.  IN PITTSBURGH is no more and the PITTSBURGH CITY PAPER is the source for alternative news and such that IN PITTSBURGH used to provide.  I was never one for the news that these types of papers provide.  I like to read CITY PAPER'S take on things.  But these papers are best for concert reviews  after all it's 2010 and the editor needs replaced in favor of hungrier reporters who have a story worth telling." "I don't read daily print papers.  Why get your hands dirty with newsprint when you can cleanly browse stories online.  But I do pick up The Eye on occasion which is a free weekly also published by the Observer.  It's a fair middle of the road entertainment rag that basically tells you what you already knew I found my first Charlotte apartment through the Observer. I'm glad to live in a town with a reasonable newspaper."  but now I only read the online edition. They just changed their online layout but it's still the same ole stuff each & every day. So the Charlotte Disturber will provide you with plenty of news  but it's a little behind-the-times as far as that goes. Check it out: charlotte.com. Just nothing that interesting or impressive. Again "The Disturber is double the price it used to be yet now it take me half the time to read it. Not a good bang for the buck or should I say 2 bucks for Sundays paper. Sundays paper sometimes is no bigger than a big city's week day paper. Use to be you kicked back with Sundays paper and it would take several hours to read it all. Not any more  because I have left messages for her more than 10 times and NEVER received a call back.  The only time they call you is when they want money.  I am also told by my delivery person that because I live on the east side of town "Just another liberal bias rag.   It's only redeeming use Its not called the Charlotte Disturber for no reason." "I was excited to respond to a mailer the Charlotte Observer sent me. It was a promotional offer that made the paper cost less than what I would pick up at the store. They cashed my check on June 16th. I have called ""customer service"" both their call center and their automated system. They keep promising that next week is the week I will get the paper and that my subscription will be extended. The customer service rep whose first language is definitely not English will just talk over top of what you are saying. They read verbatim from a script. Nothing happens. So now I am out $70 and never got a paper."  this is why older subscrbers stop taking. I havn't yet stopped but if this keeps up I may" Finally... this fee based to get news online is a complete joke.  I would say 75% to 80% of their content comes from the AP which is free!  They're simply taking news from other sources and hoping you'll pay for it.  What this city needs is another company to buy the Observer out or bring in a real newspaper with 50% or more content originating in house." Beware if you start getting the paper from this company.  Customer service SUCKS!  They never fix the problem  sent letters to the president of paper.  They tell me they are doing the best they can???  Look down the street.  Nobody looks at that rag.  It sits there until trash day and then some neighbors pick them up and trash them.   Who do I have to sleep with to get them to stop littering in my freaking yard??" I vent because I can.  I hate their plastic bag circulars and have tried over the last 6 years to have them halted.  Today the driver was driving on the wrong side of the road and waving me off.  I confronted him and asked him to stop.  He was arrogant and belligerent and told me the cops have been called on him a million times and there is nothing they can do to stop him.  I hope the newspaper shuts down so this litter will stop.  Everyone hates it and they don't care about their community. I have in the past enjoyed reading it but am ticked off that I can not get what I am paying and getting aggravated with their service. Next renewal notice I will have to decide if it is worth it--!!" I'm not paying you to read articles online. Stop limiting it and just put a couple of ads on the page.  the Observer has overlooked a small but crucial detail - Thanksgiving has not arrived yet! Customer service unwilling to answer why a paid subscription is cancelled early and even indicate any understanding as to why this would be fundamentally wrong. Sounds sorta like stealing Jeers to you for your inaccurate reporting on my brother David Doyle. Same on you and you wonder why blood family won't talk to you.... New York Times is better and cheaper"  explained what what going on &  was assured I would be receiving the paper that week. Again "I'm writing this review while I'm on hold with the Charlotte Observer. I've been on hold for 9 minutes so far. This is the 6th time I've called them about the same issue. My aunt is the subscriber and has been for many years. The past few years haven't been kind to her and now she is disabled and cannot bend over to pick up the paper (on the rare occasion that is actually in her driveway or not completely destroyed by inclement weather.) The Charlotte Observer has said  but they're owned by the large  McClatchy Company that operates two dozen or so newspapers. At least they're still not owned by the Gannett bunch. But it's not enough to get me to subscribe."  & ProPublica type updates but overall excellent job!" Ugh worst serves ever!!!  Never again!!" Stop littering my lawn with free issues I never asked for. "I stopped my Observer subscription several years ago when would receive papers about 4 or 5 days out of seven. Called to complain and got the run-around. Finally cancelled after about 2 months. I now purchase the paper from a conveniece store when I want one. Even the recipe section on wednesdays had gotten shabby with limited recipes that were of no interest to me. Besides When issues arise. Then it's a lost cause I didn't even answer them back. I am so over The Charlotte Disturber." "Been trying since early November ('15) to get them to STOP littering my driveway with their paper. Every week I'm assured they will take care of it and yet  all over the place after I have asked multiple times for them to stop. I have even filed a police report for littering. I am at a loss for what to do - because the MORONS that work here are worthless." The RATING IS A ZERO!!!  Worst paper on the planet.  Now telling women and female children to overcome their fears of male genitalia in their locker rooms and bathrooms.  Seriously!  MAJOR FAIL!!!  BOYCOTT THIS RAG!!!  I have no idea where the problem lies with their service.  (a.k.a. why am I not consistently getting the Internet service that I both adore and pay so much for?) However those of us who just want high-speed Internet without phone or cable one just sort of has to suck it up as this is really the only option."  a customer service rep contacted me regarding my problem.  I had a rather pleasant email exchange with the reps.  We still weren't able to correct my problem but for finding an employee that was willing to go above and beyond They charge more than the services they provide are worth.  Since they currently have a monopoly on cable tv in the madison area there is nothing anyone can do about it. oLctHIA1AxmsgOuu4dM6Vw charter is horrible and since i coudn't get thru to complain on the phone here is my truth.  Charter is the worst." Finally I organized DSL with AT&T which was simple and easy and did not require a visit for installation. I just plugged the DSL modem in and called customer service who guided me through the set up. When I called to cancel with Charter they offered me the original rate but I'm pretty sure it would have been the same thing again. After calling to disconnect I got several calls from Charter trying to get my business back if perhaps they offered me a really good rate but by that point they'd managed to blow whatever shred of credibility they had left in my mind. Since I don't trust their billing practices I had no interest in continuing business with them any longer and am now much happier for it!" Do yourself a favor and get U-Verse or WHATEVER else is available in your area. Charter has a monopoly on downtown Madison and as such  rude and incapable of providing an acceptable level of service.  The customer service representatives are like talking to pre-programed robots  remember the one that was set in a diner - I believe it was Scott Light & Tram something (who is actually likable) - These kooks dressed up like bad characters from the show Alice (if you are 40 & up you may recall that show!). "" I will have a side of live"" - I wanted to shoot the screen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Yikes! Make it stop - turn the channel.  And Mark Curtis needs to shave that cheesy thing above his lip!  He looks like a cop from Reno 911!" Bill Bellis certainly knows his weather and teaches vs. just spewing out the facts.  Yeah some of the reporters are a bit goofy "This review is for the smart shopper card program on ABC-15. It is simply provides you with some of the best deals in town. Go to the website and print it immediately and start saving some serious cash here in the valley. Eat  Southwest Autism Research and Resource Center (SARRC) and Military Assistance Mission (MAM)." "ABC15 has one of the best staff I've gotten to work with the past few years.  The anchors are always nice and friendly.  I recently volunteered with Irene V. for the Operation Santa.  A lot of effort from ABC15 for putting on such a great holiday event and for four great non profits which help many in the valley.  Smart Shopper is also a great segment to find the best deals in the valley.   I usually have ABC15 on in the morning for the news.  And when I hear the name ""Joe""  I read about their Operation Santa Claus holiday charity campaign via friends on Yelp (thanks Jolly!) and called in to make a donation to help those in need.  I am always impressed when a media outlet gives up their airtime to support a local charity....kudos to the team @ ABC 15 for putting together this event! We came to the station to shoot a spot on Sonoran Living. Our first point of contact was Dave Pennington and we felt he represented the station very well. Dave and everyone at ABC 15 were very classy professional people. Dave also gave us a quick tour of the studio which was totally fascinating to me. Needless to say I don't make it to many TV stations so I appreciated it.  have you even considered the fact that you are soiling this poor girl and her moms name for something they haven't been charged with? Do you know how unethical it is to stalk someone to their home and twist their words around and give your opinion on people you don't even know? Obviously you have freedom of the Press but they also have innocent until proven guilty. You have NO idea what happened  the weakest and most inappropriate signal. What I mean is - this is 2015 - the age of technology. ABC15 continues to broadcast a weak 720P signal. What is the big deal in regards to updating it?" Can't believe I'm watching a local Phoenix news station that does not provide closed captioning or subtitles. Wake up ABC! Do you not want to include the hearing impaired as viewers??  Guess I'll watch Fox from now on. I just seen the cardinals count down! The 2 guys sounded like they didn't know what they were talking about. He based the results off of Cam Newtons cockiness! These guys are jacka**es.  they sound just like the low life criminals they report on." If they're going to continue this kind of ""LOW BROW"" slang They failed to use another one of Tom's quotes: ""The only thing you can believe in a news paper is the advertisements."""  and killed in the course of his duty. These knuckle heads still continue to call our officers ""Cops."" Come on. Start showing some respect." It's just funny how they never reference those earlier news casts. BAD FORM!" If you don't like the way the police have to do their job. APPLY FOR THE POSITION YOURSELF! I'd like to see you do it!" 