"I was introduced to the Healing Touch through a fantastic Groupon deal.  Retta is a highly qualified massage therapist.  She was responsive to my requests and tailored the massage for my specific issues.  Many times massage therapists just go through the motions and do not respond to the the muscles they are massaging.  Retta clearly new what she was doing and was able to help me.  The Healing Touch is located directly off the Parkway within a two minute walk from convenient parking  but she was very accomodating and made sure we each got our massages for the full amount of time.  She is very experienced and knows exactly what techniques to use in order to release the tension from your muscles.  She creates a very comfortable and relaxing environment to conduct the massages.  I couldn't have wished for a better experience!"  nothing. I gave her a call and she didn't pick up. At this point I really had to use the restroom. I waited until 5 and knocked normally so that it would be heard. I sent her a text touching base and asking for the bathroom code. Around 5:05 I knocked again. 5:12 I called again and left her a voicemail letting her know I'd been waiting and would wait another 3 minutes before leaving and contacting Amazon local for a refund. I asked a few people if they'd ever been there and go the responses were all no. A few people I'd run into on my way knew where it was as they pointed it out to me. Around 5:15 the same men came back around and one knocked very loudly for me and they found me the bathroom code "Retta did contact me via text at 5:45 (45 minutes after my scheduled appt and 20 minutes after I left) and apologized and noted she would gift me a one hour massage. I let her know I had a 90 minute massage and reminded her that I made my appointment 3 weeks in advance. The next morning she sent me a text saying she was retiring in 2 months and her health wasn't good. She told me she would refund me the $50 if amazon wouldn't and also send me a $100 spa finder gift card. I did receive the gift card and it was post marked Sept 11th  the woman left the room and the Mamason came in and asked me if I was the police.  I told her no and that I wanted my money back.  $60 wasted because I never got my massage.  Avoid this place unless you are looking for the Happy Ending." It's a whore house unless you want a happy ending they make it so obvious I have no clue how this place has not been raided by the FBI yet Doug and his group are a true Champaign treasure and you owe it to yourself to experience what truly gifted people can do."  and unbeatable for injury/soreness treatment and prevention. If you have a chance to have an appointment with Doug  as are the other staff I've worked with.  I would recommend checking out the staff pages to see their specialties and choose an appointment with the professional who can best help out your particular needs.  Strongly recommend." It was okay. A good massage but I wasn't impressed. It was a little hot in the room. I asked a deep tissue and got just a regular massage. "This was a great massage!  You can tell he is very knowledgeable and experienced.  He is super professional which is important since he is a male therapist and I am a woman  he'll have you fill out a questionnaire afterwards so you can offer any suggestions.  I'll definitely be referring Glenn to my friends and look forward to setting up my next appointment with him.  His prices are also VERY reasonable.  Also  the best hour massage I have ever gotten. Both of us were so relaxed and just felt great after. We will be returning..today lol. Our appointment is at 3:30 and I can't wait."  so I could relax instead of thinking of Celine Dion. I will definitely be back and recommend to all!"  Glenn gives you a no-frills massage that will leave you feeling better than you ever have.  It is obvious that he has been doing this for years "Glenn is super professional and do everything to accommodate his clients. The massage is great. I am his client about one year "I recently had a prenatal massage with Glenn as I received a coupon from CISaves for Mother's Day. It was my first time there Very relaxing!!!! Glenn has the magic touch to make all the pains disappear!!! I used a CiSaves that I got as a gift and when session was done...I booked my next appointment!!! Glenn has a lot of training and experience. I had some lower back nerve pain and I walked out of there in no pain! "I have a few friends who get massages and they encouraged me to get one and find out how wonderful it is. I got a deal through CI Saves for Body Therapy Center and I was not disappointed. Glenn made me feel comfortable and then gave me an excellent first massage experience. Note to self: do NOT plan on doing anything productive for at least an hour after visiting Body Therapy Center. I came away feeling great http://www.therelaxationspa.com/" I will be going back for one next month.  It's nice to have this simple yet elegant place in the neighborhood with such good energy. I love good business!" Great personality and I couldn't believe the difference between this massage and all the others I have received in the past at other places.  I came out really feeling like my muscles had been worked."  I plan on returning."  the staff was friendly and the place appeared to be clean" I scheduled massages for both of us at the same time for a Sunday afternoon. He opted for the Deep Tissue Massage with Traci and I had the Therapeutic Massage with Kelly. It had been a log overdue treatment for me and Kelly was AMAZING. She was gentle yet firm in areas that needed to be worked through and my body felt like butter after it was over. I was also pleasantly surprised that she asked me if I wanted the oil removed from my body. Yes "I was visiting Az and had a the pleasure of getting a massage from Traci. She was awesome made me feel comfortable and worked out some of the knots that have been bothering me. I just wish she was in  the bay area  but then may not go for months. I have seen 3 different massage therapists over the past year and all 3 have been fantastic. I don't even request a particular therapist because I know whoever is working will be be great. I prefer smaller You may also need to call them ahead of time as they mentioned they could get busy on any day. I lucked out as I called last minute while in town on a biz trip and they were able to slot me in right away for a 90 min therapeutic massage just an hour after my call. I wish though that all therapists were trained for all types of massages because I would rather get a deep tissue massage (very deep  nice decorations and the people are all very friendly.  The massages are moderately priced so if you're looking for the deal of the century  and the people are super-friendly.  My wife got a massage here (and I waited in the calm I woke up this morning feeling stiff and achy and really needed a massage.  I found this place on Yelp and decided to stop by and see if someone could squeeze me in.  My therapist was Rochelle who was super friendly and professional and she was able to see me right away.  My massage was amazing!  I was never a big fan of massage in the past as I always ended up paying $100+ for a resort or spa massage and thinking it wasn't all that great.  I finally found someone who really gave a thorough and relaxing full body massage.  The hot towels and streching techniques were an added touch that no one else had done before.  I feel so much better!  This was very reasonably priced for a full hour Swedish massage.  You don't need to go to a resort or fancy expensive spa for a great massage.  This is a cute little private place with a great ambiance.  I will definitely be back! :) I have had many massages all over the world. Kelly is one of the best . The place is very clean  and welcoming  but what they meant I think is that it's not huge and spendy like other places around. It is a sweet I will be back as my belly (and aches) grow. I can't wait!!" "I'm neurotic and stress myself out to the point of giving myself migraines. My neurosis also causes me to work out like a maniac. Tracy helps alleviate the symptoms of both conditions. She is amazing Thank you for the rockin' massage!!"  so who knows if it would have happened otherwise . . . but I still appreciated the gesture).  If they can get the booking glitches ironed out I'll be a happy camper." I received a gift certificate that I let expire. I called and Traci honored my gift certificate - and I'm glad she did because I don't think I would have given it a try on my own. Traci is wonderful. It was the most relaxing hour I've had in a very long time. I enjoyed it so much that I made appointments for my daughter and fianc for the next day! Soothing and relaxing ambiance. Very clean. I will definitely be back. High quality service at affordable prices! Try it. You will not be disappointed. "yesterday I really needed a massage and wanted to try a new place to get relief  listened to my needs and has great tact. I paid $80/hour for a custom massage. The Swedish is a little cheaper ($60/hr) but I like a little more pressure. The custom massage was the perfect fit for my needs. They also got me in same day! I highly recommend this place and I will definitely be coming back!" Massage so good I booked another for the following week. Went in for back and sore hand and I feel awesome. Great atmosphere too. This brings me to Susie. She is possibly the best massage therapist I have ever had. I've had my fair share of fancy massages and none of them compared. Now when I'm hunched over The location is an older house - it is nicely finished.  It is clean and the tables are comfy. Standard pan-flute music." Had the greatest massage ever with Kelly. What a sweet and talented therapist. I went in for a sore shoulder (got yanked dancing) and she helped it SOOO much. She really focused on the sore area but then integrated the work with my whole body so I felt like I got a complete and balanced massage. Very thorough and good pacing. Good touch. Very competent. Nice extras like hot towel wipe down afterwards. I will be back! "I have been to this place several times.  My back is constantly fatigued due to the type of work I do.  Repetitive work in awkward position has given me constant back and neck discomfort. This place has honestly saved me.  Thank you so much!!!  The atmosphere is relaxing  she had a gentle touch and special touch that released the soreness and tenseness from my muscles. I definitely recommend this business to anyone looking for removing the stiffness or just want a relaxing massage. Thank you again Brooke!! Make sure you hop on Game of Thrones asap!"  which was ultimately what needed work. She informed me to remain super hydrated and this would help release more toxins. The next day I felt GREAT! And felt new sensation in otherwise hidden muscle tissue I'd almost forgotten was there. Thanks for the awesome massage!" Phoenix Therapeutic Massage & Bodywork was an amazing experience.  Went to get a deep tissue massage and it was the most relaxing and enjoyable.  They offer a variety of services to chose from I highly recommend that you try Phoenix Therapeutic Massage & Bodywork you wont be sorry. 