 highchairs and excersaucers to clothes and shoes and toys. They have a 50/50 consignment plan ( cash or store credit) and will display everything for 90 days. If it doesn't sell you get all your non sold items back.  The new management that took over the business last February vamped the store up and it looks better and better and they are super friendly and always willing to help. Always had a great experience. They have a Facebook page too in which they list new item in pictures. Highly recommended."  as well as some mis.toys.  All gently used.  Very pleased with pleasant greeting and help.  Fun to trade old for old/new.  Very well organized.  Highly recommended over all other buy/sell baby shops in Phoenix." There FB page gets barely frequent attention. An occasional photo gets posted. I hope they pick it up and blow some fire in the business.  The concept is great "Consignment store. My daughter had a bunch of clothes that she never wore and outgrown. We took it to Baby Bloomers to ""sell."" They took a sufficient amount - you have to really ask what they are looking for for that season for them to take it. Got a decent amount back - they do a 50% store credit or cash back. Their items are reasonably priced too. I'm pleased with this store and will continue bringing my daughter's gently used clothes here." Always helpful & good value. Thanks! -No attitudes or stuffy crowds here.  Just real people and mamas!"  but it's very organized and I did not feel claustrophobic like you can at some other places. The ladies were very helpful and also allowed me to bring in merchandise from another store so I could see if the tops I was purchasing went with it. They also have a bathroom easily accessible  toys and books and I like the closed-in area for littler ones. Their wish list is terrific and has helped multiple times. I rarely need to shop at a regular retail store because I almost always find what I need. Have saved a fortune over the years. Mindy Not impressive at all. I went in hoping to look for baby gear and there was not much merchandise. I am not a big fan of kid to kid or hissy fits but I would chose those stores over this place. I put my son in the kids area and the rug reeked of old gym socks and as I walked around I realized the entire store had a stench. Toys were in bad condition and I didn't even take a look at clothes because it couldn't handle the smell. I am a second time mom and have been on a budget since my first child so I know quality and a bargain this place has neither. I gave two stars because a few of the toys out front were worth looking at but that's it. Lots of cloths and toys to choose from and fairly priced. Gear is constantly changing." I have not consigned yet just been a frequent shopper. I am overall very happy and have nothing but great things to say about the location." In my rush to get to the Children's Museum I managed to forget to put shoes on my 1 year old (who does that?!). I'd stopped at another shop a few minutes before they closed and they were unwilling to let me get what I needed to avoid a disaster of an outing.  As I drove past the shop I saw they still had toys out and hoped they'd allow me in (even though at this point it was past closing time on a Friday).  They were so kind and I was able to find what I needed (and a couple of other things).  I don't know how big of a deal this was to the people there but it was MAJOR for my girls and me."  doors were locked at 430 in a Wednesday when their sign says 5. I will update this if they are ever open." 