 meatballs) to eat in or take out.  Stuffed Banana Peppers are out of the world.  Sausage is not greasy with natural casings.  You may have seen Ernie Ricci on Cooking with Chris Fennimore on Qed.  Many restaurants in Pittsburgh use Ricci's sausage.  Some days you can watch them make the sausage thru a window." I recommend you find this gem and get your Italian Fix on (or order some of their meats   products and cook it yourself) :)" 9tAbTDdYTASHL7EU1e-OWw The service is also friendly and helpful.  If I could adjust anything it would be the hours - they close at 5:00 each day and are not open on Sundays.  Thus  support your local meat shop and stop by Tom Friday's Market.  You'll be glad you treated yourself."  and the workers will remember your name.  Its just like being in a small town.  Fresh meat and friendly people.  The meat is the best I have found in the city and is affordable too.  The best steaks I have ever eaten have been purchased from there and cooked in my own kitchen!  They are also very knowledgeable.  They can answer any question you have about what cut of meat to choose or how to cook something.  They're also more than happy to share tried and true recipes what can i say that EVERYONE in the area doesn't already know??  i've been going there over 30 years...the staff are always friendly..their deli meats and cheeses are good quality and well below chain store prices...and the specials are always a fabulous value!  i have never been in the store when its not busy busy busy...that just shows how much people love this store!  but worth the drive for others.  Support your local meat shop!" obAdXU3RULuUOww759_h_w This small little butcher market is perfect for grabbing something quick for dinner. Great selection of next and cold cuts. Everyone there is extremely nice too. Very personal! The only downside is done things are a little overpriced but I'll pay it when in a bind. great people and fair prices! What more could you as for? They quality of the meats sold are unparalleled!  It's wonderful to still be able to have the meat cut to your specifications for whatever meal you're about to prepare. The quality really does not reflect the price. I've paid a whole lot more for inferior meat. Please support this business "I think this is the best butcher shop in Pittsburgh. It has been around since I was born. The owner is always behind the counter cutting meats to your liking. They have already made meatloaf that you just have to throw in the oven that are amazing. Small selection of fruits and vegetables. It also has a small selection of other foods. If you take Giant Eagle and scale it down to 2 aisles of food. Although you go here for the meats. Great prices  but they have so much more.  Their deli is just as amazing with the best Prosciutto di Parma you can buy.  And If you can't find the olive oil or other Italian ingredients you need here then the only place you are going to find them is back in Italy."  sauces and authentic seasoning spices for you use and delight. Definitely a great place to go for specific ingredient shopping." you can't find a place like this easily niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w  should definitely check out ""the Strip"" for shopping and snacks." Favorite items include: Calabrese Olives  Jimmy & Nino has a bigger olive oil selection."  etc... makes me want to buy and play. They also had the biggest bottles of olive oil I'd ever seen... so "Ehh... it's not all that.  Watch the dried bulk stuff - it's old and stale.  I found little bugs crawling around the seeds and nuts in my little bags.  Had to throw all that away!  Bought the store's speciality sausages - bland and tasted of spoiled meat.  Cold cuts were good though pricey.  Also the cashier will over-charge if you buy many of bulk items  which can be very difficult to find.  Although it wasn't home-made."  and I can get in and out of the other Italian or Greek wholesalers in the time it takes me just to get past the front room of Penn Mac.  Unless I need a specific cheese that I know I'll have a hard time finding elsewhere  they're more than willing to make your day brighter.  Great selection of random Italian dry goods.  Worth a trip  the employees might not ask you if you need help but they are more than willing to do so when asked."  pepperoni slices and shredded cheese all next together if you want to bake your own pizzas. when they're not busy go to the deli and find the perfect compliment to whatever wine you've been needing an excuse to drink. the people that work there are the nicest folk that clearly love their jobs. most of them love that i don't know the first thing about anything italian because it gives them a chance to share what it is they specialize in. goods are cheap  the Macaroni Company is a little slice of Italy mixed with Pittsburgherness and fun." The frozen pierogis that I bought here were last night's dinner and tasted fantastic.  Their baked good section is mostly bare by 2pm on Sunday  Penn Mac!  You have an amazing variety I'll keep coming here for fresh meats and cheeses as long as I live in Pittsburgh."  and what can I say about the cheese and deli counter that hasn't already been said? Their imported parmesan is reasonably priced as such things go and it's the only place I've ever found cheese that's actually as good as what I had in Italy. Even when it's super crowded I plan on heading back every other week to get a new pairing of meats and cheeses and hopefully one day my palate will be super sophisticated  but good quality.  The cheese deli area...holy sh*t.  I was in Europe this summer and their selection rivals some Parisian cheese shops.  Prices are unbelievably low Service is helpful and knowledgeable.  Prices are fair for a specialty shop." don't come here hungry!"  tell here that Mark in Alabama told you to call...She'll remember your name the next time you call too!"  I have come to miss Penn Mac. If you ever go looking for cheese this is mecca. There is a huge selection and the service is excellent- they know their cheese and can guide you to some great picks. My favorite Saturday morning shopping trips in the strip involved coming to this phenomenal store."  but ask for a sample of any cheese before you buy it.  I just bought my second pound of ""past due"" blue in a year.  (Two pounds out of probably 6-7 that I've bought in the past year.  And yes  and a very authentic feel....really niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w They have everything! I especially love the cheese selection and bulk olives. The Penn Mac sauces are delectable and a quick fix on those lazy days when you don't feel like making your own I have always felt that the people behind the cheese counter were very knowledgeable. Anytime I was cooking a particular type of food or looking for a cheese that would go good with........I had only to ask. This past time I saw one of the regular employees and informed him that we were making mexican food for friends and I was looking for a cheese that would make a good queso.....but I was unable to finish. As soon as I said the work ""mexican"" he glared at me and told me that although I may think he looks mexican - he wasn't.  He then left me standing at the counter while he went to get a drink of water. Maybe he was having a bad day - but he didn't improve mine any.  I bought my cheese down the street. Not sure I will go back even if you're not going to buy anything it's worth a walk through to enjoy the sights and smells." "They sell Kinder Bueno bars. If you have ever been to Italy  and dry goods.  There is a pilgrimage by locals on Christmas Eve to pick up cheese and meats so you have to get there early or wait in line.  However If you're in Pittsburgh and ever cook Italian food  the place is always clean and well stocked.  Any pasta shape you can think of can be found here dried and most you can find anywhere else can be found here fresh.  The fresh cheeses look great as do the olives There is real pride in this stuff and the staff is eager to guide you to just the cracker that will fit the cheese.  An amazing place in the strip District."  sorta cheddary cheese that's chock full of chives! Basically  but I really can't speak for those. Its just not why you go there. I'd recommend getting some fresh mozzarella [15 Minutes of Fame: ""Man v. Food""]"  ""Do NOT touch the actual bread unless you are buying it!!!"" I saw at least 3 people who were squeezing the bread with their dirty hands to see if it was soft. Totally grossed me out. Why would anyone think that is okay?!?! I can understand if you are squeezing the bread through the bag but don't TOUCH it! That is only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Oh and the fact that it wasn't that clean."  but the great thing about the strip is great produce is only a few doors away. This place does get PACKED on the weekends so I hope you can tolerate crowds."  there is some produce and a few lanes of registers. It was late on a saturday(They were about to close) and there was no line. The place is a treasure and it's definitely worth stopping in It's 5 star worthy!!!!"  the Penn Mac jarred sauces and homemade and imported pastas! The smell of cheese and olives is awesome!"  fancy meats (they have frickin' Iberian jamon...good luck finding that elsewhere) and random Italian things.  I wouldn't say the prices on everything else is as cheap as the cheese counter  and walking past and through the other shops in the Strip is so much fun it shouldn't matter anyway."  and homemade sauce here. So great. I always try to check out in the line with the guy who has a picture of his cat too. My wife and I like to talk about cats with people. : " This is one of the places I take people when they visit me. Some people look at me like I'm crazy for taking them to a grocery stores  an improvised shack amid buckets of olives and spices. Highly questionable hygiene for a food store!Disgusting. I will not go back until they clean up the place. It's just filthy!!!"  especially if you are there on a day when it's not as over crowded.  Some other great things about the store...bulk spices (very reasonably priced)  and most importantly--fresh and delicious. We stacked loaves of bread in the car as well. Seeing all the salted fish (for the upcoming feast of 7 fishes) was beautiful. The most memorable part of the visit  and their selection of hot sauces is one of the best in the city.  I'm giving PennMac four stars instead of five because their gruff service can sometimes be intimidating and off-putting." They ship...I'm thrilled.  This place saved me a trip to italy."  grains and pasta boggle my mind. I tried a habanero soft cheese this weekend that I couldn't help but buy. My eyes were tearing up from the potency of the habanero while my taste buds were throwing a mini dance party. It was creamy pungent cheesy perfection. This is also a great place to pick up 'from scratch' Italian meal essentials. I could really go on about this place. Take a chance and visit one weekend Next time I'm going to add a selection of cheeses to my purchase of cured meat."  Penn Mac is everrything a good deli should be. Wide variety The dinner I made from Penn Mac = 100% awesome!"  but the owner was very rude he was rude to me and i saw him treat a few of the people that work for him with a lack of respect i like the cured meats and cheeses the people in the deli were great and the stock man helped me find what i need pen mac is a nice place to shop except for the owner he is one miserable person he does have a great store "  pasta and cheese when I'm in town. I grew up shopping at Penn Mac regularly so perhaps there's even a bit of nostalgia in it for me. Either way  and quality are all two thumbs up!" "The cheese counter and ""Dear Heart"" really are treasures.  They have all manner of fancy aged gruyeres "We visited this store on after a tour of the Strip District and we loved it! They have hundreds of varieties of cheese and the people behind the counter were very helpful and informative. The history of the district and of this store makes it all the more worthwhile to visit. As an added bonus  you are immediately hit with food smells.  They have everything for your charcuterie and pasta needs.  Cheeses  and spices Pittsburgh. In fact Penn Mac is so solid at these three things I am not sure who is a competitive second. Oh and they have a gigantic selection of pastas (including 15+ varieties of fresh cut pasta) Heaven on Earth for any Italian... I've found it  cheeses and meats. Try the Antipasto salad at the Olive bar. It's the best!" "LOVE this place!!  They have everything authentic Italian you could want without being in Italy!  Got some Gouda  it isn't pretty like you would see at one of those ""yuppified"" gourmet markets (won't name and names) but I have been coming here since early childhood and it has scarcely changed.  In fact the same boxes of aromatic salt cod remain at the entrance welcoming customers for well over 30 years!  I am always fearful that places like these are in danger of going away mainly due to corporations coming in and driving them out.  However Check it out and check out the other reviews for more info!"  and she gave mea  with a Smart A--s. answer. that was not the first time. i have a idea  or anything for Italian cooking.  This is also the only place we can find our favorite spicy anchovies!  If you want the full experience I love it here :)  I love all the employees and the owners also!  I miss Penn Mac now that I live in Hawaii but I will visit every time I am in Pittsburgh! niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w  along with a ton of other specialty Italian products.  I have spent YEARS trying to figure out how to make pizza dough with mediocre results.  That was time wasted!  You can get the best pizza dough at Penn Mac for $1.50.  Yes.  6 quarters.  That's it."  and HUGE.  I made so many things with the loaf I bought and almost ran out of ideas. I cannot even remember what else I bought here because I was enamored by that bread." Penn Mac is definitely a spot we can all be proud of in Pittsburgh and we're so lucky to have it!" An incredible Italian market. This place is as good as some of the markets that I shop at in New York. Be sure to look in every nook and cranny so that you do not miss anything. "Penn Mac is one of my absolute favorite shops in the Strip District. They have such a great selection of cheeses "This place seems like an Italians dream. This place has the freshest mozzarella cheese I have ever had. It is still in the water bath when you buy it. They also have fresh homemade pasta that is also to die for. They have so many cool things that nobody else carries it is just neat to walk around and check out. They have every kind of olive you could ever think of I just love to visit this store. As you enter the store you can feel the Italian vibe. We purchased the best olive I have ever had. I discovered fresh mozzarella yum! I just made the homemade pasta for dinner. The black pepper linguine was so good. I need to go back for more real soon. It is a great place to find wonderful gifts for all occasions.  etc.  We came here once during our visit and had a blast just looking around.  Didn't even buy anything.  Whether you are a local or a tourist like we were Their shipping operation is also exceptional." "This is Italian heaven.  It has everything the Italian Pittsburgher could want.  I've since moved away from Pittsburgh but recently was sent some Penn Mac merchandise and it was a dream!  They package everything so well and ship it quickly!  I couldn't have asked for a better and tastier gift.  The store is perfection niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w "Penn Mac is such a fun Italian Market.  Their cheese station is fantastic with hundreds of different types of cheese to choose from.  The employees are so knowledgeable and helpful!  Another highlight is the olive bar.  Huge buckets of so many different types of olives to choose from.  They come stuffed with different cheeses Easy to Get Around and Well Laid Out." This place is a must that I look forward to enjoying for a long (Personal wish: a real Italian butcher shop in Pittsburgh. Though the new generation of butchers around here are starting to get pretty good.)" "This place is gigantic.   A great grocery store to find some quirky authentic Italian items.   They have tons of olive oils  a third of the price of going to the supermarket. Also try the fresh saffron pasta - will change your life!" I've never been in the store. I've ordered things online. I live in Northern VA. I'm originally from Wheeling WV so used to go to the Burgh a lot for Steelers Pirates games but never found this place until a few years ago. The food they have is very good.  The shipping costs they charge is the issue. I can order some of the same items from other stores farther away and they only charge you a $5 handling fee. I can get Caputo 00 flour from the Plum Market in Wisconsin for $2.67 per 2.2 lb package plus $5 handling fee no shipping cost. I wish they would discount their shipping. If they did that then I would order from them again. I love to come here when I go to pittsburgh! The cheese counter here is huge! The cheese line can be very crowded though. Also they have pierogi's from pierogi's plus which I like alot. The deli options here are good as well and there's a lot of pasta options. Nothing better then the strip district in Pittsburgh. It's every Italians dream. The PMC is the best has a little bit of everything. Fresh bread great pasta and Olive for days. I love it here and the smell is terrific :)  go to: http:  www.yelp.com review_share EnJS6OeeknzOjVUX6RYwlQ review 8hA8rRHss2PRlroWujzT_Q?fsid=D3ZAe8-bG1Zz-raxtTTr8Q)"  might be one of my favorite places ever! PMC has been around forever and there's a good reason why...they have an incredible collection of imported meats and cheese and other Italian specialty items. Going here is an experience This place is always packed.  I like the cheese area but I never know what to get and so I've never bought cheese here.  But they have fresh pasta you can buy in the front of the house  I'm always stunned by how much I didn't spend! Since it's wholesale  they close at 4:30 and I asked her if it was to late to get pasta. She rolled her eyes at me and said uh yeah-we are putting it away right now. A simple yes or no would have been nice. I said ok thanks anyway. Then she must have reconsidered and said well did you want something??? In a very rude voice. Needless to say I walked away. Wow! Pennsylvania Macaroni Company needs to work on customer service. Obviously she hates her job  Groceria Italiana and Donatelli's are my go-tos when it comes to picking up authentic Italian ingredients.  However Their fresh pasta is delicious. They also have a nice selection of pasta sauces and fresh cheese. They also have so many fresh dips I want to buy.  there's really no substitute for Penn-Mac. It's hard to beat their price on 'Tipo 00' flour. They also have decent quality discount produce and an excellent cheese selection. The crowds can get unruly here niW0ggRVPW5fafcfImdK7w  you'll drive in and bring coolers so you can go to Penn Mac for the mother of all Italian food shopping sprees.  Mangia!" You might forget all about the macaroni part when the scent of cheese hits you. This is a Strip District dream. What Saturdays were made for. Definitely coming back on our next visit."  so don't let the crowds turn you off.  Go inside and enjoy!"  it seems like the previous review was read by management. Keep improving the cleanness of the place because the groceries you sell are good otherwise."  not crackers (IMO) but olives! They have buckets and buckets of bulk olives you can choose from-stuffed olives and plain. They have a bread section with Breadworks items and several vats of olive oil so you can buy a large amount. There is a small section stocked with fresh produce in the back near the registers. They have a whole section  a few laps and then just fork over 5 bucks to park on Smallman." We had a bunch of sangria's last night. Amazing. Our server was excellent. Was visiting my son for three weeks and went there at least 6 times. Wish they were in south Florida." This was my first visit to Penn Mac and I was blown away by the selection. They have everything from cheese to fresh pasta to produce to kitchen equipment. Noteworthy items include the mozzerella di bufala and the fire-roasted tomatoes.  fresh breads and produce to choose from also! And of course everything is at a great price :)"  and they take credit cards!  A win in my book." Always stop here when in the area!"  cheeses and olives. The staff is so friendly and helpful. Definitely a place to visit when in the Pittsburgh area!" They have complimentary parking in back. Love this place!"  I'm too lazy to wait in the line. There is also pasta for days and a fresh selection of nuts and herbs Everything is fresh and made to order. It is centrally located in the strip district near other stores and eateries." Can't wait to go back. This place will be my new go-to for high quality cured meats  fresh cheese." I would encourage you to go during the week if possible  this place is a must stop for anyone visiting the Strip District!"  European Italians.  The building is over a 100 years old and second generation family still owns it.  Great old pics on the wall and cool stuff to look at!  Being from out of town we bough shelf-stable stuff to go but the cheese and fresh pasta look amazing.  Had we had more time I would of looked around longer.  Prices are great and selection is dizzing.  Even the checkout lady was fun and that Yinzer accent made my shriveled heart swoon...." The sauces sold here are delicious and there's a nice selection of produce.  They also carry a nice variety of nuts  but their customer service is lacking in my opinion. I purchased a single loaf of bread and before I had a chance to say anything the cashier had placed the bag of bread in a large plastic bag. I said ""I don't need a bag Prices our low considering the quality you get. Bring a cooler. Cheese is usually sold by the 1lb."  and selection of everything Italian. Always stop in here when in the Strip. SO delicious!" P.S. Gave one star for the guys but then she killed it and Won't go there again!" Great experience A+ location" Thanksgiving feast was amazing. Turkey had great sweet crust on outside and juicy in the middle.... It was pre sliced too! We had left overs that were perfect for sandwiches the next day. Sweet potato casserole had nuts and sweet which is how I like it. Green bean casserole is the best I have ever had... Sorry mom. I plan on going back and getting another turkey soon just to have for sandwiches. Price was a little high but worth it not having to cook !!!" "Came here for a to go order for lunch. I got a ham sandwich and potato salad. Ham was melt in your mouth. Potato salad was ok Quick bite spot for lunch. Great friendly staff who care. Once I realized this was an eat-in place I knew it would become a regular in my lunch break places. You gotta try all the sandwiches and breads. The best part is the prices - they are great to begin with  but UW Provision is great if you have a chest freezer. It's basically a meat shop where you can get bulk quantities of meat for cheap. If there's a specialty meat (like goat) or cut you want  there are more than just brats...otherwise he would have called the place Jim's Brats. You get the idea." WxfedycTcbQO_GuXHo9Ypw  I try to make the trip and grab a pack to bring back home."  the (not so) new partner or the always friendly woman behind the counter  the meat quality overall was decent. This shop is owned and operated locally. The customer service was good and friendly. This shop has a wide variety selection of meat. They even have different flavors of bratwurst where you don't normally find at large super markets. Worth a visit  who loves his business and does it well!" "Awesome local meat market. Nice selection will visit Jim again and again" "I love these guys!! They always have great recommendations and good quality food. They are my go-to meat market I'll go back for the brats in the summer but I don't think I could eat another one until then!"  next time I feel the need to pull out my trusty cast iron skillet and prepare a delicious steak? Well  is both friendly and knowledgeable. They can do practically any custom order. They get to know their customers and treat regulars like family."  it's not organic but it's super homemade and killer. I get something different every time I am there and have yet to be disappointed. All the brats "Some kid answers the phone yesterday 45 minutes before their posted closing time ""Umm...yah we're like closed"" he didn't even say hello? I would have felt better if he simply didn't answer the phone." Love this place and the people that run it. They're just an old school neighborhood meat market.  Burgundy steaks are the best. Great deals ALWAYS!!! Remember - the only stupid question is the one that never gets asked. You needn't worry that you will be looked down upon if you ask a novice grilling question. This is not a pretentious boutique. It's a friendly Good job Jim.  We'll be back." Great meat market with friendly people. The philly cheese steak brats are awesome. "This place has the nicest people running it ever.  If you have questions or don't know what you want they have answers.  I always go in there wanting one thing and come out with a ton of other tasty meats.  The 10 for $10 brat specials can't be beat.  I love the Gyro brat  and other items that I can't remember at the moment. They are very nice and treat customers well. They'll answer any questions you have. Many times they have specials (brats or kebabs at $1 apiece). We are so lucky to have them right down the street. I can pick something up and tell my husband to start the grill and we're ready to go in minutes!" They also have some great prices and a huge variety  but quality is assured. Love this place on way home from work. Always have a good sale. Nice friendly family run business." They also have good parking and a very clean and brightly lit store.  Definitely worth a drive to Madison's north side." "We love having Jim's in the neighborhood!  John and his fellow employees always provide a smile and friendly service.  If you have any questions about how to prepare the meat you are purchasing The burgundy pepper kabobs are to die for.  They are one of my favorite things in the world.  Second is there cheddar and jalapeo brats.  and 1/2 pound chicken noodle casserole.  The food-counter lady was very nice as I added .. and added to my order.  I devoured it all." My personal favorites are the burgandy pepper steaks.  It just doesn't get any better." "Only been there once and been wanting go back again soon. We used to go to that side of town once a month and I would wonder about this place with my husband's name. So one day  and bakery items. The stuffed chicken breasts and steaks are excellent choices. From the deli the egg salad is excellent and fresh. They also have elegant farmer pies A wonderful place. Highly recommend." "Slightly weird smell when you walk. This isn't Jenny Street Market in terms of quality products  and is a reasonably-priced treat!  I stop there on the way home from work for items like cereal  indirect heat.  Man.  Their bacon wrapped pork filets are terrific "They have a good selection of meat and its always fresh and good.  They could use a bigger selection of cheese  the leftover steaks were still as tender as the day they came off the grill. I'm doing all my meat shopping here from now on!" Way overpriced. Basically resells items at an insane markup. Not a true butcher either. The best meat market in Madison. It has great gresh chicken brests. Get the burgundy marinaded steak. Check it out.  Ken's has been a mealtime/neighborhood staple.  It's so easy to pop in and grab something delicious to throw on the grill.  They also offer a decent assortment of deli salads "I stop here for the meats and fresh made sandwiches. It is a convenience store with a very nice meat case. There are reviews on here complaining that they don't have an actual butcher shop. There are not that many around anymore so deal with it or butcher your own. Burgundy Pepper Steaks are marvelous. I tried to marinate my own "Every single thing is delicious here. I go here for my monthly freshly made deli sandwich for lunch. I almost always get the honey ham and Swiss on a croissant with green leaf lettuce * they are all adequate and helpful if you're looking for some extra calories to go with your meat." This store really manages to pack a lot into a relatively small space. Prices are definitely on target for what you get (expect a markup for dry goods/typical grocery store items) but they have a good turnover and everything that I have had here has been ridiculously fresh." LWmlH8MwUnwMWN5Ma8utnQ Burgundy pepper steaks and stuffed chops are the best! Ken's is a solid place to go for local goods. Picked up a t-bone the other day.  Just some salt and pepper then onto a 600 degree grill.... 1 of THE best steaks I've ever had.   Can't wait for my next one. "I used to go here for all my hamburger and chicken.  They seem to have dropped a little in quality.  I used to be able to buy a chicken breast and cut it up and cook it without any additional trimming.  Not anymore. They aren't bad by any means  you can't get any better! Like many of the other reviews mention the burgundy pepper steaks and chicken are simply the best! We also like their turkey burgers. You really can't go wrong with anything and we've tried most of their options! I don't know how they manage to pack that much flavor into their items but they do."  Old Time Meat & Deli is rarely crowded and I can never figure out why. It's a good thing for customers in the know..."  and you'll notice the same people working most of the time. It has a very nice local feel that beats going to a grocery chain hands down." "Ye Old Time Meat and Deli Shoppe is one of the only places in champaign that I have no reservations about giving 5 stars.  It is SPOTLESSLY clean inside  and the extensive range of high quality products they sell. The best beef I have seen outside of Texas and New Zealand!"  i will tell you you haven't and that it's time you visit old time and see what a quality piece of meat tastes like. you will never be disappointed."  and the employee offered to cut up the meat for me without me even having to ask.  Another time I was looking for salmon fillets and the fish had just gotten there and one of the employees cut me a fillet.  I highly recommend this place!" "This place is THE BEST place to get meat in the C-U area.  Their staff is friendly and knowledable; it's just the kind of place you'd think would be packed in a place like Champaign.  Not only do they have a good selection of beef and pork  yeah! I never will go to County Market for my meat shopping again! Old Time can meet almost all of your meat eating needs and they do have a customer appreciation card where you get 10% off your next purchase when you purchase $200 worth at the store. Their sausages are quite good and their special flavors (applewursts you should try for sure!) change but they still have the classic bratwursts and mild and spicy italian sausage. Their flank steak is also good and their bulk italian sausage is also worth your while especially if you make spaghetti sauce from scratch. My complaint is that their hours and location could be better. Their staff is always helpful and they can help with getting special meat cuts." "Best place around to buy quality meats.  I always go here when meat is to be the star of a meal.  Prime meats sometimes don't look quite as nice as I'd hope  chicken with good selection of cheeses. Prices reasonable considering the quality."  friendly staff.  Sirloin patties and the twice baked potatoes are my go-to choices here.  Will make a special trip for them.  Good stuff." I can not recommend this shop enough."  and the prices reasonable.  If you need meat there is no better place in the area.  We do not buy much meat but when we do it is only from Old Time Meat and Deli!"  especially the kielbasa which is heaven" I love this place! Staff is great very knowledgeable every cut of meat i have ever gotten has been top quality. Oh and did i mention the twice baked potatoes?!  Old Time is the water in the figurative desert when it comes to having quality meat I'm kind of surprised they don't have better cheese "the staff is always amazing and the cuts of meat are even better.  personally I request the 2.5"" porterhouse ... and my wife gets the NY strips ... I simply have not found anything there I don't like.  fantastic establishment" Really awesome deli here in town! The staff is friendly and the meats are delicious. They even have a neat assortment of odds and ends inside to explore as well. Definitely worth checking out as bbq season gets rolling!  marinated chicken and homemade sausage.  Friendly and helpful staff. I will stop back the next time I'm passing thru. Just wish they were open on Sunday so I could load up my cooler!"  from some people who really know themselves some food!" They do have a good selection of meat in the deli case as well as some marinated items. When items are on special Super friendly people at this meat shop! Everyone is very helpful and they have such a wide variety of items. They also offer Boar's Head deli meats which are delish! I like that they also have some already made items like pork stuffed with wild rice and a large variety of marinated chicken breasts. Yummy! I only wish they were open Sunday's too!"  friendly and helpful staff.  They also have fresh fish which is super convenient!  Highly recommend."  and frog legs? They also offer hot bbq ribs and chicken if you're looking to pick up something for dinner. I've gotten some really good Porterhouse steaks here. I also like their pickled beets and fresh blocks of (super creamy) butter. If you're about to fire up the grill  the staff greets me and gives me friendly attention. They are never pretentious and are always really willing to answer any questions. I came here looking for salmon and was really really impressed. You really have to come here to see what I mean. The meats are all super fresh (according to the guy who helped me great selection and quality of product. The staff knows their product and their customers.  Truly gourmet items at reasonable prices  and this Shoppe has an extra (e) for excellent cuts of meat.  If you'd rather grill than go to a restaurant This is definitely the place to go for excellent fresh meat and fish. I swear their Salmon is the very best in the area. You can't beat them. The staff is just as amazing. Always friendly welcoming and super helpful. "Olde Time is a carnivore's dream. They provide exceptional service and delicious meats. You can get just about anything to grill or smoke at this place. Prices aren't ridiculous "This is my spot for carne asada when I want to make my boyfriends week and prepare taco stand on the bbq.  I called up a friend one Saturday when the craving hit Wonderful spot for Carne asada! I dont speak much spanish but this place was very helpful in helping me plan a big taco dinner.  Muy authentico! Trata de ser siempre bien claro con lo Que vas a pedir ya son varias veces Que me ponen mas carne de la Que pido yo entiendo Que quieran vender mas pero esa no es la mejor manera!!!  one type of sausage. They say they have grass fed meats I don't know how one can write a review without buying one thing and trying it."  which I was looking most forward t. It was very poor compared to other Omaha products. Had to throw part of steak away "I love this place the steaks are the bomb. Got to look for the deals inside your mailbox unbeatable prices but it was just from an old coupon. I said thank you and that I appreciated that. I made a comment that there probably should be dates on coupons to avoid future issues. Fred mumbled something and when asked to repeat it "Great sausage-maker in central Phoenix. Try a few of these instead of what you get at Trader Joe's (which are also good) and you'll never go back. You can get anything here from from andouille to chicken cranberry. The staff are helpful  magical animal and Schreiner's Fine Sausage is a wonderful Schreiner's is a definite triple threat.  The staff was not only cute but extremely entertaining and best of all they have slab bacon.  By the time I got out of my car it had a great hickory/bacon aroma.  I can't wait grill this up with some filet medallions.  I definitely will be back to try out the sausage.  every kind of sausage you can imagine (along with every kind of mustard and horseradish you can imagine)  Italian dishes or homemade bisquits-n-gravy (with Schreiner's country sausage-bulk) will all taste that much better with their products."  if you want the freshest most delicious locally made sausages and other stuff like that you HAVE to go to Schreiners." Very cheap prices and friendly staff (even though I would honestly expect a huge italian guy Good Meat and selection of sausages.  Nice prices for being hand stuffed right in the building next door!  Good stuff!  so you can shop for meat products on your lunch hour and not go back to the office hungry.  Just remember a cooler (or use you office fridge if you have one) to keep it fresh and tasty!" They have tons of different types of sausages and dogs. Most come smoked or fresh. I'm a huge fan of their smoked Linguisa and their' Chorico. They also have these odds and ends mixed sausage-brat-hotdog skewers for like 2 bucks a pound Go get some! (Wieners that is) :)"  they'll recommend all sorts of stuff. They have an intimate knowledge of the meat they sling. So stop on buy I made some home made Sonoran Hot Dogs last night using Schreiner's hot dogs "Ok. This place is THE BEST place to get sausages in Phoenix PERIOD! The breakfast sausage could very well best the best ever. I go here regularly and have had so many of thier sausages I had a bratwurst and it was great. Schreiner's will definitely become a regular lunch spot for me!!"  or sneak a sausage. So git yer snausage-loving ass down to Schreiner's!" I will definitely continue my visits to Schreiner's and I'm happy I finally stopped in to say hi to this little cottage!" Bet you never knew there was a Sausage Mecca in Phoenix.  So many great restaurants local and non local know about this place.  in cased meats are  done right here. This is a good first step if you dream of having a good relationship with a butcher like all those TV chefs do." Fresh and best.  Enough said. I tried a couple sausages I was expecting more from all the reviews The prices might be a little bit more than you'd typically find in a grocery store XRBTHOXaJK_AJ2wy5mX_1A First time at this place .Purchased the Portuguese smoked linguisa and chicken apple sausage . Wonderful!  This place is a must go to.  I am returning to purchase other sausages in preparation for our stay in Flagstaff . And that's just the tip of their selections.  I highly recommend a trip to their storefront for the sausage lovers among you." this is a great little place in downtown.  we have been going there for about 10 years now and never purchased a bad item. they even have great variety and you really cant beat their prices.  Growing up in Indiana this place is just like the little places i grew up with.  always fresh and always good. I will be back for our next bbq!"  maybe a different staff this time." Nice place with fair prices and quality sausage. ckLJW7vcQsIk4Fc3ipXxgg Excellent place for all your meats and sausage. Try the Hungarian smoked sausage....sooooo yummy! Reasonable prices and friendly staff. If you haven't stopped If you haven't stopped by Schreiners you're missing out."  potato salad and mustard at Costco; then proceeding to Schreiner's to buy an obscene amount and variety of sausage to grill up. Buy some fat knockwursts and cheese brats to balance out the spicy beer hots and linguisa. Also buy some of all the other sausage because why the hell not? One of the cool places in Phoenix that deserves a look next time you're near 7th and Osborn." "JUST GO! I can't say enough good things about this place. I am here at least once a week to get my weekly pork products. Almost everything is made in house and fresh with no preservatives. Believe me when I tell you they have the best tasting sausage anywhere!!! The chorizo is an absolute dream and do not leave with out some in your bag! Make sure to also try their fresh lunch meats as well  whether uncooked or smoked.  I only wish the store wasn't so far away." Bring a cooler and cash! You will want to load up." LOVE Schreiner's!    Their products are of the highest quality and we are so happy to serve a variety of their artisan meats at our restaurant.  They are a great local business and good people --- they so deserve all of their success! A sausage lover's heaven. Maybe the most impressive sausage selection I've ever seen. Whole Foods has nothing on this store. I think I'm in love.   selection is wonderful with prices that force you to come back again and again."  and I can remember coming to this place back when the counter staff would speak German with my mom. The had the best liver wurst. It was firm  and their prices are reasonable too - 6 huge assorted links and two bags of rolls (I recommend the pretzel rolls) came out to less than $20 and tasted like a million bucks!"  it was time to try Schreiner's sausage which we had heard so much about.  First of all we were surprised to find two young people behind the counter when we walked in.  Luckily  with a perfect meld of flavors.  I crisped it up in a pan and served at breakfast with eggs and caramelized onions.  Really great.  I usually grill or crisp up more than I need and find they disappear out of the fridge."  Italian sausage and jerky. The sauerkraut is very flavorful as well. If you've been looking for real kraut (raw not canned) this is the place. Excellent flavor a with all the different items I've tried."  loved the jerky.  They have a brown bag special that while it doesnt blow you out of the water is satisfying.   They have a sampler platter but you have to ask what the items are because there is no description." Fresh and delicious meat products (no fresh cuts) at really reasonable prices. Their jerky is amazing! "Great selection of homemade sausages and smoked meat. Nice samples. Prompt I didn't think I'd find a replacement for Claus German market when I moved from Indianapolis  cheque or debit card (minimum $10 on debit). You get a brown paper bag with a little order form to write on it then they hand it back to you over the counter when ready. The place is barely larger than my bathroom at home  great service. Can't wait to go back for more..." LOVE Schreiner's! Have been several times to stock up on sausage and fresh meats. We've even done the brown bag lunch.  Jalapeo sausages are AMAZING. The Maple Blueberry sausage is unbelievable. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. We can't wait to go back!  and if you live nearby it's probably a decent sausage market (better than most groceries) FYI: they have a $5 minimum on credit card purchases." We were looking for some Portuguese linguica and found it here at this wonderful shop. The selection of sausages was amazing and this very small corner store was packed the day before Thanksgiving. We bought both the smoked and fresh linguica and it was delicious. We'll be back to this place for sure. Well worth the dive from North East Scottsdale. We also bought fresh brats and some hard salami.  The place was well staffed and the people that work there are very helpful and friendly.  Every time I'm in the mood for sausage I'm going here." Tons of variety of sausages. Very nice informative people working there. Can tell they are all made there. Enjoyed the fig and pistachio one the best. My wife really liked the chicken enchilada.  but I'm confident that this will be my go to spot. Very happy with sausages today."  and give the samples a try - the bologna and salami were really good!"  they do not accept credit cards You can also sample some of their sausages next door at the Black Forest Mill."  but the fun kept coming.  They had a fun band playing and we danced our asses off while eating soft pretzels dipped in cheese sauce and other supposed German delicacies.  We had a large group with us and they allowed us to rent out the front room next to the bar.  We had a great time and the staff was really nice.  However  please pay this store a visit. You will be pleasantly surprised. But bring cash! No credit cards accepted. Or you could go next door to the Black Forest Mill to have your German meal prepared for you along with a German beer...."  Sauerkraut etc. I was like a kid in the candy store... :-) Be aware of the ""German"" opening hours and they only take cash or checks. They might be a little bit more expensive than TJ's or Basha's but they sell you the real German stuff!!! Looking forward to my next shopping trip - Oktoberfest here I come ;-)." I'll be back ( la Schwarzenegger) to try the wurst here. The smell of their sausage counter still lingers in my mind..."  and tons of little bottles of condiments to pair with sausages.  And oh boy the sausages are good!  There are so many different kinds that it makes it hard to only pick a few." Great place and like all German butcher shops fhLb0v5NBj93D7PLQpFXfQ  bratwurst and smoked meats for 30 years.  Their prices are so much more reasonable than the grocery store deli counters and their products are always very fresh.  Walking through the door will immediately transport you to Europe!  Don't miss this Valley gem  - cash or check only just like the olden days!" So glad we found this place! Everything is fresh and tastes just like we get when we are in Germany! Walked out with some fresh warm pretzels last week too!  This is our number one place for authentic German meat. Best German sausages that I ever had.  They taste the same as those that I had when I traveled to Germany.  And the best thing is that they will vacuum packed them so they can last for a month and taste just as fresh as long as you don't break the package. Take home a little pastry for dessert! Too many tasty things to mention them all. CASH ONLY. Wunderbar!" "I was raised in Germany... This place is as close to ""home"" as it gets! Try everything. The service is gracious.... Bring CASH!!! If the made cake that day This is our go to for grilling out and its always delicious."  or they'll toss in an end chub (wrapped) into your bag...it seems like they know you're going to rip into one of the other packages I plan to return from time to time to pick up some specialty items."  I can't stop smiling - just standing in the store hearing orders in Deutsch sends me over the moon!! Today I just grabbed 2 wieners and 2 bratwurst as I patiently await my sauerkraut I've got brewing in my crock at home. Homemade cheese and cabbage soup with authentic fried wiener on top and I've got myself heaven. Have always wanted to stop in here and now I have a reason to make it a constant in my life!!"  great German products (auch Zeitung auf Deutsch!) and the sausages were fantastic. You can tell when your business is appreciated  red cabbage and other tasty treats!" fhLb0v5NBj93D7PLQpFXfQ Wz0F7KNiBbnyVaH2boQMRQ "Interesting little butcher shop/german market next to OHSO.  Rather small selection but what we bought looked fresh and tasty.  The smoked pork chops are to die for.  Not much variety in the 'market' either but what they had looked authentically German including mustard  beer cheese.  They even had dumplings in the cooking bags. Those are the best without the mess!! Pretty yummy although they don't have a huge selection of meats" "We found this place when we went to OHSO (next door) and decided to check it out. Friendly delicious German Food. You can smell and taste the freshness of the sausages. Everyone is very friendly and knowledgeable. Makes the hour drive for me ( one way) well worth it!"  cold cuts are usually much cheaper than buying ham/turkey/salami at frys or any other store.  I love all the varieties they offer here and will keep shopping here.  They make it easy by accepting your order by phone So this ham..... it is this perfect crunchy outer sugary glaze that just makes my mouth water thinking about it.  You need to go to Honeybaked Ham. Like FOR REAL."  the turkey is always moist and tasty and the kicker is the vinaigrette that goes on top of the spring mix lettuce on the sandwich. pesto + vinaigrette = heaven! minus one star because honeybaked ham lunch is a bit pricey at $6.82 (including tax) for just the sandwich. but speaking of cost  but it's a good place for lunch too--their sandwiches rock." All of this for less than 5 bucks....that's right less than 5 bucks....the sandwich is great...the establishment is clean....and the customer service is top notch. So if your ever in need of a great Turkey sandwich look no further than Honeybaked ham company. Eat If you are looking for a great place for lunch  offering artisan breads and fresh garnishes. Hearty soups and salads are also available; check out their Lenten specials this time of year."  and the food is DELICIOUS!!!! I would hate to see this location close. So many of my favorite places have closed in this tough economy. If you're looking for a new place to have a delicious sandwich....YOU MUST try Honey Baked Ham Co. Worth it!!!!" "3 words for you...Chipotle Chicken Sandwich....run....don't walk to any Honeybaked Ham shop and grab one. I sometimes have 3 in one week and they are 3.97 with a coupon for a limited time. I have to say though I would pay the regular price for them....because they are that good and the service is that good as well. Eat This place is REALLY good for soup/sandwiches and the people that work there are so friendly you'd think you were in the heartland!" The turkey was melt in your mouth delicious. There is no fancy restaurant or amazing presentations .... you come here simply for a great tasting sandwich : )" My advice.  Want a good ham and want to be really overcharged?  Go to AJ's.  At least you will get something to eat for your money."  you were great and this review doesn't reflect you. I only hope that in the future your management team gives you the support you deserve." "This was the first time I tried their sandwich.  I have to say it was pretty darn yummy The best spiral cut honeybaked ham ever made .   A definite must do :-) "Not impressed. Customer service we received wasn't up to par -- guy wasnt able to answer simple questions regarding products they sell. Spoke with store manager who took care of the situation really well As always the service we received was fantastic and the ham tastes delicious! I would like to come back here to try some of the sandwiches they have to offer Still thought you all might want to know about the WORST Christmas eve party we ever hosted and the people  on just principle I would say this place in not worthy of ones business My guess: to create a false impression of demand for a product that is only ho-hum (excepting the scary ingredients)."  you will be purchasing very delicious ham and turkey- and your guests will lift you up on their shoulders and cheer for you after they eat their meal." This place is awful. Very bad customer service as well as the employees don't seem to know what they have and don't have. They've messed up my order multiple times and the employees seem oblivious to what's going on. red onion served on ciabatta  bread. The sandwich was excellent as expected and very fresh. The service was good and the wait time was to be expected under 10 minutes. I will definitely add this to my favorite lunch spots!" 