Ask for Tim for your waiter!"  so be prepared to just try one and come back again to try the other stuff!  The smoked salmon appetizer was good although with too much mayonnaise sauce and for me  which is really good when many of their wines are priced at over $10 per glass.  The hostess was very nice and professional even though she was young taking our names as we went to the bar for a drink and then anticipating our return with two menus in hand.  The server was a nice enough guy and helpful when it came time for our dinner selection.  We ordered a bottle of conundrum which is a delicious choice and I guess in line with what others charge.  We were started with an olive tepenade (sp?) and some crusty toasted thinly sliced ciabatta I think.  The tepenade was too oily and salty for me "As the reviews of Casbah appear to be particularly long-winded ... the place is nice "The food here is pretty good.  Comparable to any 3 to 3.5 star restaurant.  The lamb is definitely good.  And it is definitely a good date restaurant.  I would rather give it 3.5 stars since I've definitely eaten at better restaurants. But for Pittsburgh  now I'll know to make time the next time I go. Which is for dinner for a friends birthday. So excited!!" Service was great and the waiter even went out of his way to answer a couple questions about the cheese selection."  I expected more but it was good nonetheless."  but the food made my rating drop from five stars (probably a little generous) to three stars. Definitely go for brunch! But it's not worth the money for dinner. Mediocre food in a nice atmosphere with good service is still mediocre food..." Not sure why I'm not giving this place five stars.  I really enjoyed it  for that you'll want to go down the road to Soba.  If you want a nice place to have a drink and a conversation Decor is subtle and great for a date. Service was friendly and accommodating.  I will most definitely return!" "Great great for parties and celebrations of all kinds.  The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable of the menu and the wine list.  The Food is creative and many of the items are organic or locally grown.  Everything is so fresh and pretty  the wine list was good and the prices were reasonable relative to the food.  Get the cheese course for dessert and you'll go home happy."  it is suitable for children.  Casbah has a semi outdoor seating area that is enclosed and heated even in winter.  My wife and I have often dined here with our kids.  This semi outdoor area is a bit more casual and absorbs the sounds of loud children fairly well.  You can bring kids without suffering the disdain of any but the most obnoxious of fellow diners." Now I just need to make plans to go back for dinner."  I had the best pork chop I've ever had here and for that I was endlessly thankful. Good salad  which seems a bit steep.  But it was a nice restaurant and a really nice atmosphere.  The patio was lovely.  I will definitely be back So pay no mind to others' taxonomy quip and give this place a whirl. It's a great date or small group place. Oh  and biscuit with honey butter from the bread basket.  Service was pretty good even though the restaurant was fairly busy.  Reservations available through Open Table.  This is definitely a special occasion brunch  Casbah is still going strong 15 years later. Today's lunch was a wonderful mac and cheese with braised lamb; my dining companion enjoyed the corn risotto with shitake mushrooms and a side heirloom tomato salad. They use the best fresh local ingredients to craft some of the most delectable  AND they take reservations.  Sometimes I don't mind waiting the half hour it takes to get seats at some restaurants (Point Brugge  and a voucher will come in the mail! It was a blissful discovery for a pair of graduate students."  but nothing about my meal was spectacular either.   It looks like maybe I should have tried brunch.  We shall see if I'm willing to give Casbah another chance...." If this was some little bistro where I was paying $20-25 for dinner (no drinks) I wouldn't be so picky but some of my meals have been north of $40 and for that amount of money I expect a little more attention to detail."  without being intrusive. I asked his opinion on the French Malbec and he gave me his honest opinion  I highlight this because this was their charity dinner.  That they made NO money off of.  An area where they could skim on quality - but no - it was amazing.  Reaffirmed my belief that this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh." Service was a little hit or miss the evening I was there.  Part of that may be because we were a large group and the restaurant was rather busy.  However  we got a Three Sisters Farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake.  Very good.  For entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the NY strip steak.  Very relaxing and tasty meal." **Update: I recently saw a full size bottle of the Gruet on a restaurant menu for $30; Casbah  and it was a great experience.  Charming outside dining area with excellent service and a knowledgeable staff.  I will say that the food was a bit overpriced  and I think we preferred our experience at Soba to Casbah. While our food was really good It was a great brunch and i was stuffed by the end. This place was courteous and the waitress was attentive but not overbearing. We had a great time here and it's just a nice place to relax." Settling the bill via credit card no tip was left because no tip was deserved - in reality Amanda may have actually be the worst server I've encountered at a fine dining establishment in the last 2 years.  I will note that when I wrote to Big Burrito was met by a (seemingly) sincere apology without excuses - the Manager stated things don't' normally happen like that and he'd be sure the issue was addressed.  He closed with ""I hope you will join us again."" I will not."  but worth it for a special occasion."  I recommend sitting out on the patio in summer.  The only negative things I can say about Casbah is the high price for relatively little food and the misleading name (I expected more of a Middle Eastern menu and vibe)." Casbah is great for a special occasion or if you feel like splurging. The atmosphere is very nice and the food is fantastic. The beer selection is above average.  entrees and dessert).  I'll definitely keep Casbah in mind for special occasions in the future.  It's classy without being pretentious or stuffy."  and the more professional service I had on my first visit here is closer to the norm.  I'd feel leery  but Casbah is great for a more formal gathering or date night."  nice atmosphere. I'll definitely be back. NYC prices"  but the atmosphere and kind service made up for the lackluster cheese.  The bacon and potato fingerlings were absolutely amazing!  I will definitely be returning for brunch!"  and great service that is there when you need them  but the great service from our waitress really pushed this to a 4 star rating.  I had hoped to be a little more wowed by the food.  But this experience was definitely positive enough to warrant a second visit for dinner.  I think it'd be a nice place to go for a special occasion  but worth it if you want something better than a typical chain."  worthy of 4 stars. It gradually went down to 3 stars. The wine selection is good. But the food is definitely hit or miss. Once I had a halibut that smelled like the ocean. It was not well cooked or fresh  one of my favorite restaurants outside downtown Pitt.  The best places around Pitt are the bars or bar restaurants (some of the best in the country IMO).  But if you're looking for a straight-up classy place to eat  I'm glad that we gave Casbah another try. I wish that they would go back to offering all of their pastas in both entree and appetizer sizes  she was in a hurry to get us out the door. I am completely dissatisfied with the service and will not go back to this restaurant simply because of it."  so we asked for a table inside...20 minutes later we were inside which had a much better vibe. I started with the Blue Bay Mussels which were truly the best I have ever had  but I'm not sure I would make it a regular brunch or dinner spot."  pleasant and a good place for conversation."  we were seated in the dungeon-like basement dining room. I asked for tables upstairs in the daylight but there was allegedly no way to accommodate my request. Worst part about the basement is the thumping from the sub-woofer located above -- really ridiculous. Service was fine. Timing of drinks and first brunch course were acceptable given it was a busy day  I just wasn't very impressed with the food.  If I was offered to eat this food for free  a bunch of ""Sallies"" and one ""Harry"" if you know what I mean."  but don't expect to have the meal of your lifetime."  and the polenta was delicious albeit there wasn't much of it there.  We each then had the heirloom tomato salad which was tasteless.  I grow heirlooms and know the intense and wonderful flavor they should have. These tasted like a grocery store tomato bought in December.  Very disappointing.  I opted for the cavatelli entree which was not prepared as described on the menu.  It was swimming in tomato sauce and overall was very bland.  Another disappointment.  My husband had the pork chop which wasn't bad but certainly didn't leave us wanting to return here for the food.  All this said  the place was empty except for a woman who had just gotten there too which was nice because a friend had warned me that the place gets crazy. We sat outside and atmosphere was cozy under the tent with the warm colors of the decor. Our waitress was incredibly friendly and presented us with the menus. I think it is great they have a prix fixe brunch - 1 alchy or nonalchy drink  the drinks are wonderful (I am a sucker for good Sangria - and Casbah's is wonderufl) and the service is outstanding (our servers are always friendly  and my experience definitely lived up to the hype.  I don't know how a place owned by a company called Big Burrito Group churns out such outstanding Mediterranean fare  see if maybe I'll have a little better luck.  So kick it up a notch Casbah "Out of towners that happened to stumble upon this gem. Thanks I'd like to go back here for a happy hour when it's warm so I can enjoy the covered patio though and a nice glass of wine!"  large chunks of crab.  No overkill on the sauce.  The soup was likewise good.  I don't understand how the two restaurants could possibly be related given the night and day of my food experience!  The wine I would recommend this if you enjoy European food in general." "You know what's good? Tomato-basil soup with cream in it.  And even better? Finding a way to eat on the patio in January. Where the dining room at Casbah is intimate and warm  great wine. Very yummy." This place was recommended by an employee at Evolve spa across the street and I was very happy with the restaurant. The Salmon appetizer was delicious as was the gnocchi meal. I will definitely go back to this restaurant when I visit the area. Food phenomenal! Service can be hit or miss. Would not recommend to anyone. Enough other good restaurants in Pittsburgh to go to. They have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly!" "Ate lunch at Casbah for the first time. Tried the Piccolo Gusto: $15 gets you a small choice of salad nice salads - not a fan of the cuisine - nothing against casbah" Service was attentive and the setting nice."  but their food quality doesn't match the price tag." The rest of the entrees were good and I would go back.  But probably with lowered expectations." Will I go back? Someday - but I think I may try Soba or Kaya first." I'd definitely return for the food and service." and service keep me coming back.the chef at casbah always comes thru with any special requests i always have no matter how busy the kitchen is. it makes the dining a great one.thank you chef.the bartenders  and where do they come from? Want to blow that kind of money? Get out your check book and let me give you my address!"  a very pleasant experience.  Good atmosphere.  Our waitress was very friendly.  The place was busy and had a nice vibe to it.  Unfortunately "Hard to remember another restaurant that hit home runs from start to finish.  Yinzes say it's pricey but I disagree Try the Short Rib Ravioli" "Service is a little slow but overall the best food I've had in Pittsburgh so far. If you're a seafood fan  hopefully to try the different brunch and dinner menus!" If you are looking for a place to enjoy good wine  we got to use two $10 off coupons and I would highly recommend it to anyone. However  I got the granola and berries and my friend got the creamy polenta. Both were great options! The granola did not taste like anything you get in a box- could definitely tell it was made in-house. The creamy polenta was so different and delicious- will get that next time I go back. Was pretty full by this point but that didn't stop me from completing my  main course! I got the Casbah Benedict with Smoked Salmon and my friend has the Tuscan Eggs. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals and were stuffed by the end!"  though it definitely could have used some better quality olives (these were bottled with the red pepper on the inside used on salads).  I will definitely be back to try the food  usually when I go somewhere else I wind up regretting that I didn't just go to Casbah. Every dish I've had has been excellent; some favorites are the sheep's milk gnudi  Chocolate Cheesecake and Dark Chocolate Raspberry Bread Pudding. I decided to try the Pumpkin Bread with Butter Rum Sauce and Cream Cheese Ice Cream.  The cake was light and tasty and the ice cream and sauce were excellent."  and a bit far from the bar for a shorty like me; my feet don't reach the foot bar on the chair either  but it's clear to see that they have a loyal following."  I debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until I returned a second time. And I can't wait to return!"  but don't order an additional mimosa from the deal - they are $8 a piece which is a bit steep." "It's a little pricier than most places in the area but the quality and ambiance is well worth it.    The food was really good and the drinks were relatively reasonably priced for the surroundings  polite to the point of almost sappy attitude on the part of the waiters) and it can be a little bit annoying even. However The potatoes were perfectly cooked and the fruit was tasty as well.  Had the bellini and didn't realize how I much I would enjoy it so I had two!" Great food  had a assortment. Of things and all prepared  excellent. The service  very helpful on telling you the menu.   Will go back again I can't believe all the high reviews.  Either you work for Big Burrito or it's amateur hour.  The food tasted terrible.  It was bland and over-salted and reminded me of the Olive Garden.  If you like Casbah more power to you but for me never again.  and the mixed olives. The babagonoush hummus was delicious I had a winter fizz drink which was prosecco  with cranberry and mint nice flavor and perfect before dinner drink I had the cioppiano which was one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The sour dough bread was soooooo good. Most everyone else ordered pasta dishes and thought them very good. We opted not to have dessert there but they did bring salted Carmels to the table with the check so if they were any prediction of the desserts they are EXCELLENT. Great place to dine - I will return. And the complimentary valet parking was nice as well - didn't have to search for a place to park and the valet were super nice. I should mention our waitress was also super nice and very accomodating to our larger party."  everyone there dresses up pretty formally. I am not talking about suits and ties  there are certainly much better restaurants in the city. I would rank Casbah below Eleven within the Big Burrito group of restaurants."  I called ahead and was assured that they had vegan versions of a couple of pasta dishes.  Server was very cooperative and said she would instruct the kitchen to omit the meat and  increase the veggies on their cavatelli.   Well  get a coupon or a Groupon; I went with someone who was using a birthday gift card Will definitely be back." It is worth reserving a spot on the patio to get the full experience." Sunday brunched here. Food and service were excellent.  but it's always full of great options and the quality and preparation of the food is always top notch. The service doesn't disappoint either. I'm always amazed that they can nail it (food and service) every single time without fail. The bar area is a great place for drinks or dinner as well. Fiona behind the bar is always welcoming and fun and is perhaps one of the best bartenders in the city. It's also one of only a handful of good restaurants in the city that is open on Sundays. Now if only they would replace the swivel bar stools that are bolted to the ground and make it challenging for some (especially smaller women) to dine while sitting at the bar or for couples to sit as close to one another as they'd prefer."  so I'll give them a pass assuming it was just bad timing and an issue where the server was too embarrassed to do anything." A delicious menu with a twist. Unique wine list too!  the restaurant itself was nice and the food interesting though a little on the pricey side. Service started out great but for some reason our entrees took forever and our waiter more or less abandoned us. If I'm spending a $150 on dinner for 2 I expect some sort of explanation on why we are having to wait 45 minutes plus between our appetizer and the entrees. At a minimum  so it worked out fine. When we went for brunch it was quite crowded and we had to wait a while before getting seats at the bar. The food is really fantastic though and there are good vegetarian options. It's pricey Very enjoyable menu n staff. The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  Both my cocktail and my meal were really good and I would actually consider this to be one of the best meals that I have eaten in a little while." Love Casbah.  Been going there for years and have never had a less than great meal and service.  OF course their signature lamb is to die for (with the Stag's Leap Petite Syrah).  What can I say -- the cheese plate is great.  Everything is well-prepared and the service is among the best in the -burgh. Very good food and another great place for happy hour. Highly recommended. You won't be disappointed.  it is probably the best in Pittsburgh.  The Arugula Salad is delicious.  So is the Alaskan Halibut.  You really can't go wrong with Casbah." Would definitley go back for a meal." I really feel like has bought is highly underrated and you'd best get your arse over here to dying. They have a brunch which I hear is amazing and I can't wait to try it out." "I am so happy they got rid of those awful bar stools!!!   We often choose not to walk in to Casbah without a reservation because the bar area was historically uncomfortable.  They have traded out the old stools that were screwed in to the floor  this is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. I plan on trying it for brunch or lunch sometime soon." We were disappointed to learn that they took the macaroons off the menu. They were my husband's favorite dessert. We didn't try any of the desserts this time because we were stuffed but I'm sure they're excellent!"  as was the tomato basil soup. The waiter was attentive and happily allowed for a substitution on my salad so I could try one of the raw milk cheeses from their cheese sampler. The grilled chicken breast on my salad was a bit more dry and hard than I like All in all it was a delicious meal and a really nice environment.  And worth the money."  try the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding for dessert. You won't be disappointed!" Thanks for making me feel at home." "My absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi. Just amazing! Service is fantastic I couldn't have asked for a better birthday dinner!" Great atmosphere and food experience.  What else can you ask for?  Went here 2 weeks ago for the first time and totally enjoyed it.  Pretty good wine list too!  but I'd still consider it once of the best values in the city  because you get so much for your money.  I'd trust Casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience." 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  so be prepared to need a wheel barrel to get yourself out the door!"  salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand."  food perfect for all four of us and again service was excellent."  my delicious birthday dinner ended with the Dark Chocolate-Raspberry Bread Pudding. I love ordering bread pudding at restaurants 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  get a Manhattan.  Your QOL will improve greatly!"  an appetizer  and then your meal. The coffee was really good and the mimosas were strong. We sat outside on the patio and it was just beautiful. A perfect retreat from the snowy outside that morning. Definitely go!" "Thursday night January 30. Excellent service and excellent meal. Very crowded when we went. Glad we had reservations on open table. My wife had scallops  I feel that this is one of the most overpriced restaurants in the entire city. The food is average to good P.S. Bring your coat into the restroom. It was about 10 below in there. Brrr!" We felt the prices were a bargain for all we got. $56"  but I would have dinner just to try those little candies they offer at the end of meal at dinnertime again - they are a cross between maple sugar and caramel  which was very good. For entrees she ordered the Halibut and I had the Red Pepper Casereccia. This was seared sea scollops with a red pepper pasta. This entree made my list of favorite dish ever eaten. It was so delicious. I cannot wait to have it again!" Valet parking is complimentary; please tip your driver!"  even by London or New York standards ?!?!?!  The Nietto malbec in the $40 range was voluptuous.  But doe many of the wines are i the $70-$150 range!" "Just got back (after looking for a taxi in this 3rd world city - but that's for another review) We liked the atmo.  Liked eating ""under the outdoor extension"" under the well working heaters- it is fun and really makes it feel like a more unique dining experience.  OK now on to the food. We started with a Spanish grilled octopus - it was delicious - charred grilled taste Casbah has definitely become a restaurant that I can come to for special events. Their food and service impressed me again tonight even more than they did last time; add in the fact that they use local ingredients whenever possible and always have something new to try with the changing seasons  although the service was awful when I went.  Highly recommend the veal and pork meatball appetizer  I would recommend Casbah to everyone noting their brunch was fabulous! The valet (even though the need for valet is questionable) and wait staff were super nice Had dinner tonight at the bar.  My sister and I wore sweatpants and flip flops... Nobody treated us differently .. The brought out bread with butter and a second butter made from goat milk.. I liked it .. My sister said it reminded her of cream cheese.. We shared the calamari ... It was good... I had the halibut... It was good accompanied with a salad.. My sister had the duck.. I didn't like the duck that much but I am not a big fan of duck to begin with .. We each had wine ... I had the falanghina .. It was perfect.. We shared a bread pudding for dessert.. It was the first time I ever had bread pudding... It like it .. It is a nice quiet restaurant with ample seating both inside and outside...  I ordered the Braised Lamb & Eggs as my main based on friends' recommendations. It's honestly to die for. Rich and flavorful in the best way The patio is lovely!  We had a wonderful time!" The dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding is worth unbuttoning your pants for...and if you like dessert wines I would go back to Casbah at the drop of a hat but I was not completely floored or blown away by any dish."  finishing with the Chocolate S'More Cake. Great experience especially the service. Robert was spot on! I'll be dreaming about this in the future."  he is great! Ashley the bartender is also very nice! The food was amazing. I had the Duck it melted in my mouth. The short rib raviolis are also amazing. The muscle appetizer is a nice size for the price. You get about a pound of muscles for 12$. I will definitely be back. They make you feel special and welcomed." Waiter said he lived in many parts of the country and this was the best duck he's ever had and he was right. Only downfall is I didn't save room for s'mores dessert!" This place isn't in my price range but on special occasions the food is actually worth the extra money. I didn't know food could taste so good. :-)  I enjoyed the overall experience there in terms of service "Delicious Sunday brunch at $28 includes a cocktail  the food at Casbah is exceptional. They change their menu based on what is in season. Here's a tip: if you sign up for the Big Burrito emails (the parent company of Casbah at https:  secure.bigburrito.com Register.aspx) I do love Casbah alot.  It is probably my second favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh."  but it was also different and therefore interesting and enjoyable."  I even licked clean the small homemade butter that they serve with the bread. Definitely will try out this place again!" And the complementary salted caramels presented with the check were also amazing! I definitely need to come back again to try more of the menu... I think only wonderful items could possibly come out of that kitchen!" This place is pretty expensive and based on the food I wouldn't go back for that price."  of course I said let's get a bottle of red. We explained to our server what white varietals I enjoy and she suggested a bottle (which has also slipped my mind being months ago that we were there)that was perfect-both of us enjoyed it. We started off with the papardelle. The rabbit was delicious and it was perfectly seasoned  their wine menu is ridiculously overpriced...call up to find out their current corking fee (I think around $15 bucks) and bring a better bottle at a better price than you are willing to spend there." "We had a reservation for Saturday night dinner and arrived timely.  THREE times over 20 minutes the hostess told us they were setting our table.  There were 3 or 4 empty tables we could see as we waited  and the lemon sponge cake. Each bite was perfect -- flavorful and expertly cooked. The waiter was friendly and knowledgable. We left feeling full and happy."  but that is just a start. The short rib ravioli is to die for. It is really hard to narrow it down .... Treat yourself to a sumptuous lunch in a beautiful restaurant with great service.  PS: you must have bread!" Please please please bring it back!!"  and it has just been too inconsistent for my taste. No thanks Casbah!" A nice surprise here are the great happy hour specials at the bar.  Try the Boyd & Blair cocktail and the sangria." "Let me say that my five stars are based primarily on the calamari appetizer ... it is SOOO good! The squid was very lightly battered and fried so briefly that it was tender and delicious. Seriously  and the service was what I've come to expect at a higher-end restaurant.  I'd particularly recommend getting on the Big Burrito mailing list to receive a $30 birthday voucher and $10 off coupons for the holidays  and the meal was so salty that we could barely begin to eat it.  That meal was comped and I figured it was an off day.  We went back about a month later for dinner 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  I love Casbah. I'm a student so it's a little expensive for me. But I go every chance I get. Look out for Big Burrito coupons!"  but the main courses left a lot to be desired in terms of seasoning.  The texture of the short rib in the ravioli wasn't quite right "Great place for so many occasions. My husband took me on our first date here for a very intimate night out (I definitely was impressed).  He took me back for a surprise birthday party in their downstairs area. The food is always out of this world. I have said to my self on multiple occasions (while reading the menu) ""i'm not sure what some of these ingredients are but Casbah never disappoints"" and they never have!! I can't wait to live in Pittsburgh again We had a couple of great beers and just enjoyed the excellent music soundtrack before we moved on to our next designation. I hope to come back here sometime in the future and actually have...a meal. I like this funkier part of town." "I don't know of any place that comes to close to the quality of Mediterranean food offered at Casbah.  They have a daily menu that combines unique ingredients into a great blend.  My favorites on their menu are their spinach casareccia (which I customize with tuna steak instead of chicken) and their gnocchi (in that order).  They are open to customizing their menu so if you want half and half of each dish  but on this particularly occasion I had the arugula salad to begin with which was delicious and my friend had the butternut squash soup which she really enjoyed.  We both ordered the the Scottish Salmon which was so delicious and tender that it literally melted in my mouth.  The house-made pastas are always a great option if as is the duck or the lamb which I've had both on a few occasions.  Their wine list is always spectacular - on this visit I had a glass of the Riesling from Urban  my husband and I were seated at a horrible table right next to the hallway that leads to the kitchen and bathrooms. There was a constant stream of distractions. Service was also really slow and my sea bass was bland. I expected better from Casbah..."  but I felt the stand out option was the port wine flight for desert."  even with the lure of 2 for 1 entrees around our birthdays - the food just isn't that good even discounting the service. I'm sure they will continue to do well with a certain crowd  though I think the pork chops are the best. My pasta was very good - great savory and flavorful sauce. Portions were large too. If you're in town and need a solid place to go 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A "This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh; I've never been disappointed after dining at Casbah! We received a gift card and enjoyed a fabulous dinner starting with the mussels appetizer in a tomato based sauce.  Yum!  And then I had lamb loin with sweet potatoes and brussel spouts and cherry sauce.  What a beautiful presentation and taste.  My husband had the pasta with scallops and crabmeat.  He was equally pleased with his dish. We really liked the wine selection too!  We had cappuccino for our dessert  even though it's quite large inside. The wait staff is helpful without being in the way; one of my least favorite things is having a waiter or waitress ask me within seconds of getting my food how everything is (give me a few minutes to actually eat it  because they sear it to perfection. The chef actually made up their own side for my dish because I was allergic to the one on the menu. I received delicious crispy potatoes and sauteed arugula. Fantastic touch! They have a great wine list Once they work on their service Casbah could easily be 5 stars. Maybe next time!"  not chewy or gummy. They were accompanied with sweet potatoes and onions and usually sausage- I asked the waiter for no sausage as I'm not a meat eater. All in all a great experience and we will definitely be back!" Side note - the takeout packaging is awesome. High quality microwaveable reusable plasticware!"  which are two of the most important things to me when evaluating a nice restaurant in Pittsburgh. The food is fine I'm so disappointed. I hope I can go back there again. I would hate to lose this place!"  my only complaint was that they didn't take temps on the pork. We would've loved it medium but they cook it med well or so  it was fine.  The food was actually better than I make it sound; it just didn't hit the expectations everyone had set for me.  The hungry girl me will always require more than one slice of sugar bread.  Curiosity of dinner with reservations might bring me back if I don't want to make the trek elsewhere with February arctic conditions again  really satisfied with the brunch we had. The outdoor seating was beautiful  but I'm not drooling as I think back to the meal. I'm not sure I'll go back because there are other places to try and the price point makes it somewhere I wouldn't just go to on a normal day." "My introduction as a youth (dating back AWAYS) to gourmet and class.  15 years later Now I'm excited to try other meals here again!"  the dish would be disappointing. Then came out desserts: the vanilla bean creme brle and the chocolate de creme. Omg I can't even find a word to describe how good they are! The creme brle is so much better than the one I had in Joseph Temberllini. I am totally blown away by the rich taste of vanilla and eggs. The chocolate de creme is perfect  but really it was disappointing. After that unsettling duck main dish I'm new to the area and have found parking a challenge  and meat dishes and not a single one has ever disappointed.  The aspect of Casbah that I feel sets it apart from even the other Big Burrito restaurants is its quality of service.  They are extremely polite  braised short rib ravioli and pappardelle - all fantastic. Would come back again if in the area!" Everything was great! The only problem I had was that there was just not enough food. Quick business trip to Pittsburgh. Thanks to you Yelp I found Casbah. Duck entree was to die for. Service is top quality. Highly recommended! Thanks Yelp! Thanks Casbah!  but you can still order from a small menu at the bar. They were very friendly and accommodating. We tried the scallops and flatbread with hummus baba ghanoush red pepper muhummara The service was also extremely slow. 20 minutes to get our bread and 50 to get our appetizers." Pasta fest should be called deception fest. We got an email inviting us to come to pasta fest thinking it would be regular portions at a discounted price. WRONG it was smaller portions at a higher price. I never felt so ripped off. $15 for one meatball and three bites of pasta. The server warned us about the small portion but wow . You got me this time but never again.  the food was perfect... now I see what the fuss is all about. This might be one of my new ""special occasion"" spots-  and we are planning to come back next month for my boyfriend's birthday (I need that pork chop in my life again We ended our meal with the milk cake which was moist and sweet and lovely with the last few sips of wine. The thing about Casbah? I always leave wanting more  we had our first anniversary dinner at Casbah not to mention numerous brunches and dinners over the last 5 or so years. We are big fans of all the Big Burrito restaurants  as well as the English Pea Risotto (vegetarian for my daughter) and the famous Cioppino. I was also recommended a flight of Rose wine when I couldn't decide between them. They were all delicious! As a dessert we shared the strawberry rhubarb croustade which melted in your mouth! As a nice touch the kitchen had written Happy Birthday on the plate since it was my daughter's 17'th birthday! We will definitely go back when in the area  I was able to sneak a small bite for it was entirely consumed and it was quite tasty! The sausage had a bit of spice to it that was very flavorful. I absolutely loved the orecchiette! The savoriness of the goat cheese compounded with the sweet tartness of the cranberries was heaven in my mouth! The chicken itself was quite flavorful and the pasta was cooked perfectly "This place's reputation as a high-end restaurant is entirely undeserved. Every single entre my party ordered was oversalted and bland. And for the price I was expecting much Casbah is a must try (and ask to eat on the patio)!" "4.5 stars. My husband and I went here a few days ago. We liked the outdoor area that was ""open tent"" - when we come back we would like to sit out there (weather permitting  but it would be nice if the vegetarian options experienced as much rotation creativity as the meat ones. I love the mafaldine Service was perfect. Would love to go back." The only odd thing was that the servers really seemed to be fighting for tables.  Everyone was trying to get our drink and food orders  food was also wonderful. Had the ricotta cavetelli and it was great. Meatballs and cheeses were great. Was a very good time and would definitely go back. Cocktails were unique and tasty."  curious to see how they do in the rubber match."  romantic or celebratory depending on the occasion." Nice outdoor patio dining area.  Short rib ravioli was great.  The halibut was also very good.  so I'm no stranger to how they should be prepared and how they should taste.  We each only had a few bites and when we told the waiter how bad it was I've eaten at a great many of this city's best restaurants and this was one of the best experiences I've had here." Casbah is my absolute favorite restaurant!! I love the sort rib ravioli. The beet salad is terrific and the rasberry bread pudding is to die for! The valet service is a nice touch so you don't have to worry about parking!! One of the times I am going to make it to the brunch!! The dress attire for this place is sort of dressy which is great.  There is valet parking which is a huge plus because it's located in a very busy area right on a main street. I would love to come back again with just my wife and try other things on the menu. We will try to go back." I live in New York City and I extremely regret venturing to this awful city. This is the worst fucking experience I've ever had at a wine room. I am standing waiting for our table 15 minutes past our time. Tasty farm food and well cooked. Nice and warm garden especially in the winter. Long Island duck is excellent! "I have been wanting to try this place for so long as a huge Big Burrito fan.  We finally made it for Sunday brunch and happy to report it lived  up to my expectations.  We sat in the outside area (covered but with heating lamps) and had a great waiter.  They have a price fix brunch with includes a drink The service is also great and the decor is pretty. The patio is always warm on the winter and it feels more spacious than it does inside. Casbah is one of the restaurants on my ""definitely check it out"" list."  I would die for just one more bite. It was like little pillows of goodness in this rich sauce with shagbark hickory nuts and hen of the woods mushrooms. The strong flavor of the hickory nuts and the woods mushrooms compliments the softness of the gnocchi perfectly! Oh I've been here at least three times now for brunch and once for happy hour.  I need to get back for happy hour because they have some nice specials  it was delicious. I plan to go back for lunch The atmosphere and space is great - open and large. I had dressed up a bit  which creates a cold draft coming from the outside walls windows. You need to have someone duct your intake air to the outside to prevent this  and the environment. I would say it is missing a bit of the down home authenticity that most stellar restaurants in Pittsburgh seem to have. The dishes are inventive and delightful. The patio is perfect on a warm day. For all of these reasons I will continue to show here for an early dinner on occasion." I have been here two time on my birthday. I have not a single bad word to say about this restaurant. Everything is delicious and everything leaving the kitchen is made with care. The staff is friendly and the space is inviting. Its an excellent place to grab a bit to eat with friends or family. I went with a number of relatives a couple of times while visiting and I really enjoyed the food plus a great atmosphere. Would recommend this to any one wanting a special occasion place to go."  solid food... Will be back for sure. Appreciated that they have fundraising dinners too."  but could have been amazing." I am excited to come back in the future!" The desserts were delicious as well. I tasted the Chocolate pot de Creme I like lunching at Casbah. The cheese tasting and tomato basil bisque are so good. If I could have them every day I'd be thrilled.  but the food was always good.  So we tried it for catering for lunch for a meeting for 12 people.  The quality is more uneven than the restaurant dinning experience.  The crab cake sandwich was excellent My fianc and I had dinner at 7 PM last Saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back as returning customers because of the service.  First of all when the waiter (Adam) brought our first drinks and insisted we order appetizers I told him that we were going to relax for a little while and I would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else.  He persisted to come back every other 2 minutes for about another 9-10 times until we finally ordered appetizers and within 3 minutes of us ordering our appetizer he wanted us to order dinner and I politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged us enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him.  I paid $140 including the tip on Saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience was miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it was not enjoyable. We recently moved to Pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience.  We are trying a new restaurant this weekend where I will hopefully not pay $140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal... I am.  the indoor patio we'll call it. Others were out there too on iron tables and chairs. Perhaps the nicer area is for larger parties or events? Needless to say we were right next to the entrance so our date night was constantly offset by guests entering and exiting. Food was great and service was up to far but the main entrance was confusing and I could see this echoed by other guests as they entered." My fianc and I had dinner at 7 PM last Saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back as returning customers because of the service.  First of all when the waiter (Adam) brought our first drinks and insisted we order appetizers I told him that we were going to relax for a little while and I would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else.  He persisted to come back every other 2 minutes for about another 9-10 times until we finally ordered appetizers and within 3 minutes of us ordering our appetizer he wanted us to order dinner and I politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged us enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him.  I paid $140 including the tip on Saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience was miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it was not enjoyable. We recently moved to Pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience.  We are trying a new restaurant this weekend where I will hopefully not pay $140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal... I am. This place only accepts cash although there's an atm nearby.  My mom had a fit because when they bill came they had rounded up with a difference of less than a dollar.  I would give this place 4.5 stars (10 20 13 Although the food stayed consistently good it's not quite the same now that hostess Monique is gone.)"  it's gone now and I haven't been to one of his places since until last night when a friend suggested we try this little oasis located on Spahr St.  This place is the opposite with respect to atmosphere than Baum Vivant.  It's in a converted garage with a few outdoor tables.  It's cash only and BYOB.  It's very informal and I got away with wearing tennis shoes and my ""Super Size My Foie Gras"" fruit of the loom t-shirt.  Don't need to get dressed up to enjoy amazing food.  The inside of the restaurant garage has a high ceilings and an eclectic mix of non-matching tables that I imagine were collected from Thrift stores.  The service was awesome  and the service was good.  And the food was good too.  But for the price  cooked to perfection!  Deserts by Becky are always excellent.  And who would have thought such excellent food would be served out of a redecorated garage?  (It's lovely in the summer when they open the garage door.) The ambiance can be described as funky and eclectic Great artsy atmosphere with friendly staff. Like previous reviewers have said  one server handles the floor.  Minus points for the lack of alcohol  but they said they had an ATM closeby."  it is mighty delicious.  I love the personal service.  I love the corn bread.  The starters are phenomenal One last thing - it is a Cash Only restaurant  you won't regret it." "Lamb burger was outright bad(tasted off and charred). We shared and together only ate half. The filet was decent but not $25 worth of decent. Waiter was kind and the ambience is romantic but at the end of the day the food just wasn't that good. There are lots of great byo's in the city and in my opinion "Great food! The meal starts off with their corn bread (not like the corn bread you get in the south)  or starve either would be a better option" We left a big tip. She obviously didn't mind. And it's places like this that make me miss home!" "I've been to Cafe Zinho at least 25 times and I am sure to go back again soon.  The dining room is a funky garage space that has been converted into an eclectic Europen bistro.  The food is very good and the atmosphere is relaxed and Bohemian.  The puff pastry appetizer is always a winner.  The chef   decent food - and love BYOB! Entrees weren't out of this world Call ahead because there can be a wait and the place is small and intimate and diners enjoy European style eating that is not rushed l_Wey2YC6NvVUIH8vTygGg This place was a hot mess with slightly cold food I am so glad I went to Cafe Zinho finally and would happily come back here again."  maybe with some Portuguese phrases in hand to banter with my adopted foreign mom waitress." Atmosphere and service was great. Appitizers were good. For dinner We ate the pork tenderloin and a ravioli of some sort.  Both tasted good with the pork tenderlion being the best.  was missing some of the food options of NY. Not any more. She had the lamb burger with feta cheese. I had the seafood stew and my wife had Chilean sea bass.  All fantastic! Thankfully we had just enough room for tres leches dessert. If anyone knows of a Portuguese restaurant this good in NYC ... or even in Newark Ironbound I'd love to hear about it.  We will definitely be back!" Cons:  Ambience (it originally was a gas station) and there is nothing fancy about the funky decor I might go back once more with a bottle of wine for appetizers only but for the price I will dine on entrees elsewhere." "Moved to Pittsburgh from Philly a year ago. Our standard for restaurants is ""if it were in Philly would be go back."" The answer for Cafe Zinho is YES.  One of the only excellent restaurants in the City (along with Salt and Dish). If you find the Big Burrito empire restaurants and their coy cats lackluster and are looking for something outstanding  but was not - to my hidden horror. I ate a bite - in front of my clients & colleagues - for good measure [and to hide my naievete] "My boyfriend and I have gone two years in a row for Valentine's Day to this quaint and intimate restaurant. The decor is beautiful and the epitome of cozy This is an excellent find... I will be back.  Soon."  he thought better of his outburst and removed the comments...along with mine.  He ultimately offered me and my wife the opportunity to return to the restaurant at his expense.  I thanked him for the offer l_Wey2YC6NvVUIH8vTygGg  and the staff members were all super kind and professional. Make sure you make a reservation  but no more $25 disappointing entrees for me."  and very invested in their food. The ambiance is very intimate: a small place with a seating capacity of no more than 35  a little bit disorganized but the taste of the food definitely compensates. Pricy Had a great dinner here. The Portuguese corn bread was delicious   The salmon with beet sauce was perfect. We enjoyed our dinner here- cozy and welcoming  atmosphere.  Don't forget dessert we had bread pudding and cookies and cream. We went on Valentines weekend so the price was higher than usual. Also like Byob although they charged 5 dollar corkage fee it is worth it to bring your own choice of wine. There is also fee for sharing plate but again worth it.   Will definitely go again.  the food was very good. The main entrees were quite pricey. You're likely to be spending at least $30 per person." To sum it all up: good food NOTE: Cash only.  They do have an ATM inside for your convenience. BYOB"  the food was great! We had chicken livers and octopus for appetizer. For main dishes Recently dined here for the first time and can say that I was pleased with all of the food choices we had made at this establishment. The cold prickly pear soup was certainly a good choice of appetizer. The service was acceptable and the staff very welcoming. The only downside to this place is the atmosphere. It can get extremely loud at times (especially when you are sitting next to a party of 12) and it becomes rather difficult to have any table conversation. "Had a wonderful experience with a large group of friends on a busy Labor Day weekend. We brought a few bottles of wine which we paired up with various apps and the dinner. Corkage was an extremely nominal fee which left room in the wallet for more delectable food. The service was smooth and very friendly. The atmosphere was inviting with a small European-style cafe restaurant vibe. Food was fresh and tasty according to all of my friends and was simply amazing from my perspective.  The sardines app and the Portuguese Mariscada seafood stew which I had shared were cooked perfectly and flavorful. Chef Owner Toni Pais's back story and his culinary skills are inspirational. He came out to eat afterwards and was very humble when he was given a round of applause. This is truly an underground spot worth finding when in the Burgh "What an absolutely delightful and special dining experience!  Our family of four went there for dinner this past Friday night.  Brought along  two  bottles of wine  and made thoughtful recommendations for each course.  I selected a roasted beet and goat cheese salad as a starter and crab cakes for my entre.  Neither disappointed. The salad was a tower of carefully combined goodness and the crab cakes were stuffed The food here is really amazing. We ordered stuffed cornbread and vegetable soup as appetizers. For entree we had roasted duck and pork loin. They both taste really Portugal with a hint of sweetness. The downside of this restaurant is that they ONLY accept cash.  and the insides were almost fully cooked). The duck breast which people raved about online were tough and the sauce was too sweet. The seafood stew lacked flavor. The lamb burger was also overcooked."  but never intrusive.  Loved the shabby chic decor and the oddly shaped dining room.  Must be lovely in the summer with doors open in this quiet corner of Shadyside.  We'll definitely return to find out!" I still feel like I'm not done with Cafe Zinho  but everything I tasted left me more satisfied than the previous bite. The smaller seating area allows for an intimate dinner whether you're coming as a couple or bringing the whole family. Bring your own bottle We will be back for sure"  the food and the service. Just is a little small and expensive. But if don't care about the price is very good recommedation. Especially their bread that is free. I love it!!" "Awesome BYOB Portuguese restaurant. Reservations are a must. Great service and atmosphere. Many times we have gone it has been for a selection of appetizers "My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Always wonderful  my 'foody family' gave this 'gem of a Portuguese Mediterranean restaurant' an ENTHUSIASTIC THUMBS UP!  And  a reservation is necessary and make sure to not show early. There is no space to wait unless you don't mind sitting outside. I typically wouldn't but as the weather begins to turn it becomes increasingly difficult to enjoy the outdoors. It seems that breakfast or brunch could be a smashing hit here but after my dinner  THEY ARE CASH AND PERSONAL CHECK ONLY.  I want to point that out as I am someone who usually has little cash on hand.  The ingredients were very fresh.  We had the pheasant tartine - I've never had tartine before - kind of like a pate - Cash only.  I don't carry that kind of cash around regularly and it's annoying to have to make a special trip to the ATM before dinner."  LOL. OMG this is one of those burger that ALL other will be judged by. This was one of the specials of the day so if you want to try one call ahead to see if it's on the special of the day menu or request one in advance with Chef Pais. You will not be disappointed. Wife had a veggie plate that looked very tasty but I was busy with my burger. This restaurant is very eclectic and personal. It has a very nice atmosphere and they play music in the restaurant which is set at the perfect volume for dining. You will have no problems hearing both the music and your dinner company. Looks like you will not get any microwaved food here The bottom line for me is that I would head back to Cafe Zinho again in the future.  I absolutely loved my appetizer and the fact that it was BYOB and thought that my entree was pretty good as well."  but also just a little flat. These dishes just didn't excite me when they came to the table. Couple this with the Coca Cola glasses and the rickety chair.... we left feeling just kind of blah about the whole experience."  so go here if you're stranded and can't stand the thought of another Sammy's corned beef sandwich. Otherwise You will not be disappointed with this place. This place is really a gem!!!"  but I think it was above average. Ambiance is certainly not their forte--but that didn't matter to us. We grabbed our piping hot sandwiches and hoofed it outside just in time to catch Skyblast over PNC Park. A clear night  hummus and stuffed peppers.  The food is made fresh every day by the owner.  Nothing is frozen.  My wife and I always eat here on Light Up Night and before shows in the theater district.  It's always busy So it pretty much looks like an old reliable type of place and I'll bet most of the people I saw were regulars."  but it is kind of a dive in the middle of Pittsburgh."  I'd go here if I worked a block away and only had a half hour lunch break. Quick and cheap as a fast food joint  I go to salonika's 3 nights a week for an after work drink.  The staff is very friendly and they keep the place clean." Did not investigate the bathroom here." I'd definitely come back here for more Gyros and to try other stuff!"  but my brother kabob was really good. great location. reasonable price"  then PLEASE put the name of the place in your review.  I have tried EVERY gyro spot in the city Also please be aware they are now serving Mimosas!  Which are super yummy and served in a martini glass with a twist of orange!" I go here almost weekly. You can get a huge grilled chicken salad with bread and tzatiki for $6.25. Absolutely worth it for the money. "The food can be somewhat disappointing but will sometimes do in a pinch.  The service is quick and the prices are reasonable for Downtown.  They are open late hours  the quality of the food is what keeps bringing me back "pretty good gyro cooked on rotisserie as it should be they told me it is 75 25 % lamb beef. they have a combo special with fried they let me substitute lemon potatoes This place has one of the best Gyro's around..... They are cheap and Delicious......  The only thing I wish was that they took credit debit cards.  If you want something that is fast and well worth the money I would recommend this place..... I have come downtown just to eat here. LOVE LOVE LOVE the GYROS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  fries and hummus. Way better than any other gyro place in Pittsburgh."  I've heard great things about this place but i'll stick with my regular oll Zorba's for downtown or M&Ts afterhours." Love this place always come for the gyro made the traditional way.  Small cafe very clean.  If you wanted to watch a game they have a 55 inch flat screen.  Always busy the Line literally out the door.  Not pricey in the 3-12 range  to feel like the staff gave a crap that I was there supporting their jobs."  I would go back to try some of the other items on their menu. They had a baked Greek chicken with lemon potatoes that seemed to be selling more than the gyros were. I think I need to take a group there and have everyone order something different so we could try more of their menu."  since I believe Salonika is one of the few gyro places downtown that stays open beyond lunch hours.  If I'm looking for a nicer sit-down dinner It was very cold inside the restaurant. I had the posieden salmon and the filo dough was so tough I couldn't cut it my plastic fork. My husbands pork was a small portion. It was very inexpensive and I understand why. Won't go back or recommend it. I don't dislike Salonikas and I'm not trying to dissuade you from coming here.  I'm sure I'll be back again for gyros and beers. But what I am saying is that there's room for improvement thus earning the three star review."  the sauce and toppings were a perfect balance. The lemon fries were good but I would prefer them to have been more crispy and less grease. I ordered shock top which was on tap. I was so pleased because it is a seasonal beer. The place is clean but I would never take my kids. The bartender will talk your  ear off but was a nice person with a little crazy added on. I felt like being in a ""just got out of jail"" commercial with everyone coming in to buy a 40 from the beer cooler. If I am ever back in town and plan on going to a game I will grab a sandwich from here for sure!"   all the  toppings nice and crisp .  Homemade pierogies scrumptious.  Waitress always friendly" "While staying at the Renaissance in downtown Pittsburgh we swung in here for a late night bite to eat. On out visit we had the Gyro combo and a greek salad. Both were extremely affordable and delicious. The staff at Salonika was great as well. Very friendly  this was my and my husband's go-to for a quick and affordable meal that was not fast food. Salonikas might be cheaper than McDonalds if you really take into consideration all that you're getting. My husband always ordered a gyro dinner and I sometimes got the falafel  and we made quite a few trips into the city just for their gyros every month. Now I work just down the street Bonus: they are open fairly late. So if you haven't left yourself any time to eat before a show in the cultural district "I'm being generous since I didn't actually eat here. My dad and I walked in around 7 pm on a Friday night. The place was pretty busy. The dining room was about half full. The other half of the tables were covered in dirty dishes. A large party of people were gathered in the middle standing around and shouting loudly. People just seemed to be standing around this whole place for no reason. We told the lady at the counter we hadn't been here before and asked her what to do. She said order your food. She said it pretty rudely "Went here for lunch to try something different. The first thing I noticed is that I felt like a took a time machine back to the 80's when I entered. Some simple renovations would make this place look a million times better. It just didn't feel clean to me for some reason  it was a decent amount of food and very filling.  I would definitely go back to try other specialties." What I like about this place is everything is basically already made. You are in and out in no time. I have had their stuffed grape leaves and gyros both equally delicious and did I happen to say filling. They really stuff the grape leaves and load up the gyro with meat and other toppings. The tzatziki sauce was different compared to other tzatziki sauces I have tried. It's on the thicker side  but for cheap prices & great food you can deal with it. There is also a bar in the back  but well worth a trip!"  i had the eggplant which was awfully bland even with a nice tomato sauce.  no beer with lunch though (bogus!)"  I haven't had anything here that wasn't great! Christos remembers us everytime we walk in the door.  We have our own special table right by the kitchen and talk with him while we eat. The baclava and the Jackie O cake are to die for.  Don't pass up the grape leaves and the homemade wine. We always buy extra food to take home."  there were bugs all over the outside patio as well (probably from the standing water with plastic flowers in them).  I ordered a hummus and pita (which they made me think was free but charged me for) a glass of wine PxP19Rb88OQKiSMl2oWNsg  you find a nice Indian cuisine. Five steps ahead The food is great and the atmosphere is very relaxed. Like the Moussaka and the Greek salad with gyro meat (or grilled lamb Even homemade wine and honey soaked cake won't bring me back again."  lamb in phylo dough with a great sauce.  Can't leave withotu tasting the Jackie O desert." This place looked hopeful for authentic Mediterranean but the food just didn't live up to any expecation. Do yourself a favor and go next door to Cafe Milano. Light Up Night.  Food has good flavor but doesn't look so hot.  If I hear about the Jackie O desert one more time I'm gonna barf.  we had no problems splitting the check multiple ways when it came time to leave." This is a nice down home place and at any time other than the pre-theater rush  very moist with a sort of whipped topping which makes it a very light dessert.  I find that most desserts are too heavy or sweet and so this cake is one of my favorite desserts.  And at $3 slice  you should take them to this restaurant." That's all I have to say -- don't enjoy feeling hustled -- not sure if we will continue to dine there when there is a place right across the street with less charm but yummy food."  but come on now chicken chillen on the counter is a no go in anyone's kitchen." I would much rather go across the street at a place with no pretensions (counter service) and pay for honest food that I can see being prepared."  but do come if you like tradtional Greek food. Some complain about slow service but I think it's just cultural--we tend to be too much in a hurry.  But if you're heading to an event I am shocked to find such an amazing restaurant in a town like Pittsbrugh and even more shocked to read a few of the *less than 5 star reviews* of Christos here on Yelp. I believe a restaurant like this is far above & beyond Pitts peeps." Don't bother with this place!" "I crave the Jackie O cake They also have this amazing soup that seems to have magical powers when it comes to curing a cold. Fabulous!"  but rounding up for the reasons mentioned."  but it lost points on the main entree and the price (which I thought would be reasonable but topped out at $25 a person with tip!). Christos' saving grace is its ambience and staff. Check it out if you have the time." The waiter tried to get us to order way more than we wanted....strange stopped after Heinz hall show on Saturday. A very pleasing experience from soup through dessert. "This is the first time in a long while (10 yrs?) and now I remember why. The food is fair at best for the main meal. The salad is good but small. The hummus is a little bland. The best parts were the ""homemade"" wine "Excellent everything! Classic family-run Greek restaurant. Home made everything  the dolmades were the worst thing ever eaten in my life and they charged us 4.00 to split it which we didn't even ask for in the first place. The only pleasant thing about this place was the cook who ended up serving us our food after our waiter went out for what seemed like a drug deal. Over all If you are in the cultural district and enjoy greek comfort food This is a come-as-you-are-and-I'll-sell-you-good-food kinda spot.  And that's what we did.  And that's what they did.  Sometimes it's just that simple." It tasted WORSE than it looked (if that was possible). Tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy. * I have had many saganaki in various countries. This ranked as one of the VERY worst! I made the best decision to leave before food poisoning set in. Bottom line:  HORRIFIC !!!" One small humorous note as other reviewers have pointed out:  Ask for directions to the restroom and you'll be ushered through the kitchen PxP19Rb88OQKiSMl2oWNsg I will not go again. Alihan's next door is amazing  stop a Christos for dinner. It's a small family-owned restaurant all the food is homemade and everything I've tried has been delicious. They also have a dessert called the Jackie O cake which is simply fantastic. I would highly recommend this restaurant box if you like Mediterranean food. The staff is friendly warm inviting as well." WARNING. DO NOT GO HERE." If the owners are reading this-- I'm sorry if my review came off harsh.. but really "I really enjoyed Christos! We went to Christos after a show at the Benedum Center and again before a baseball game. The setting is a very cute little greek place "Ordered take out from Christos.  I ordered a diet coke and it was in a cup.  THANK GOODNESS I took the lid off first.  There were HUNDREDS of large white particles in the diet coke that looked like paint chips  which is good if you want to go for a date or with your family. It is decorated with authentic old Greek photos which always make me feel at home (although I'm from Sicily!) The food is great every time I go there and SOO filling --I feel like I'm at home and my grandmother is stuffing me with food! I don't have to even mention the Jackie O as everyone is probably aware by now of how scrumdiddlyumptious it is! Will be in Pittsburgh soon so you'll know where to find me -- Christos!" "The food from Christos was solid.  I would order from them again  if not for the food for the authentic atmosphere! In my opinion it's hard to mess up Mediterranean food  stick to your ribs.  Hummus is garlicky and of the thinner variety - served with warm toasty pita.  We all got soup and Greek salads last couple of times we went  as the woman who worked there (I'm assuming one of the owners) was eager to pull us in from the sidewalk and entice us with her menu offerings.  This time no one was excited to have us as diners and they seemed to wish we weren't there.  Quite a difference in personalities and style.  They need the enthusiasm of the woman we had met before because there certainly were other Greek restaurants nearby with more patrons partaking of their fare." "This is my first time in Pittsburg. I asked the concierge for a recommendation for something casual that I could walk alone to at dusk safely and that wasn't a sandwich.  He recommended Christos.  I asked if they had falafel as this is one of my favorites since visiting Israel last year. He assured me they had great falafel. So I set off on a walk. When I arrived I noticed there was no falafel on the menu. But another of my favorites was - pastitsio. I took it to go along with the Jackie Onassis cake. The pastitsio isn't the best one I have had but it was good. It came with salad  I decided to stop in with my girlfriend before the Pirates game.   We shared some tzatziki with pitas and then ordered lamb kebabs (me) and leg of lamb (girlfriend).  Did I mention we love lamb?  Anyways  I can tell the owner cares and made a reasonable effort to accommodate me. That said I think this is a nice establishment in an excellent location  and authentic cooking. Ask Christos for his recommendations. We loved the Greek coffee  stupid stories about Jackie Onassis and her favorite dessert then this is the place for you. Absolutely terrible. I cannot say a single good thing about this place  leg of lamb with rice and vegetables (and of course Greek salad). Waiting for my meal the place looked a little run down but at the same time homely. There are pictures of family and their history all around. The server (who i think was the owner) and the Chef were two of the lovliest men i have met. I ordered my food to go as i had to get back to the hotel. The food was SO good i almost made myself ill trying to eat more. The most DELICIOUS hummos i have ever had. I also got talked into a dessert cake he called the ""Jaqui Onassis"" a Vanilla cake with fresh cream and cinnamon. Also lovely. Not a bad word to say about this place. Don't let looks deceive you!! This place is the real deal." The point to me pointing out all of the negatives first was that you can't ignore the obvious and pretend it doesn't exist.. truth is  but gave it a try and was very pleasantly surprised---the food fresh and good. The eggplant delicious and the price very reasonable---will go back!" Tasteless food. Too slow service. Was waiting for my check about 15 minutes. Dishes were as an ex-USSR buffet taste. Annoying waiter. I am glad I went. It was an interesting experience that I won't soon forget."  in phyllo dough.  Soooo. Good.   Kids got roasted lamb.   Lentil soup always a winner.  Greek lemon and chicken soup was so light and flavorful!!  If you haven't been there "This place was fantastic. I stayed at a nearby hotel while in town for business and ate at this place most nights. Delivery straight to my room  their employees stand outside with a menu pressuring people to come in. I'm not sure if this is working hard or just desperate. It could be that Christos is one of many Mediterranean restaurants on 6th Ave and they need to stand out somehow. My husband and I decided to give it a chance and the food was decent: flavorful "Food is always solid. The Jackie O cake is outstanding. Christos is like walking into your grandfather's living room. Yes  I decided to stop in with my girlfriend before the Pirates game.   We shared some tzatziki with pitas and then ordered lamb kebabs (me) and leg of lamb (girlfriend).  Did I mention we love lamb?  Anyways I really hope this is NOT how authentic Greek food tastes and that is NOT how Greeks do business!"  this place has been here since I was a teenager (perhaps even before) and has had the same menu that whole time. If you want authentic It's one of those small places that must get popular by word of mouth because I had never heard of it. Really wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was. It's small and crowded "Christo cooked on Jackie O's yacht and gave our table of six such personal attention. Extraordinary experience that you rarely find anymore. While his 101 year old father makes the wine Definitely a restaurant that is from the past.  Authentic Greek food.  I had the pastichio and it was one of the best I have ever had.  Great flavor and very creamy.  My wife had roasted leg of lamb which was very moist and a good flavor.  Christos came over and told us of his three years he was the chef on Jackie Onassis yacht.  It was like eating at home with family.  A little over sell of the food did raise up the check a bit but you can't blame them for asking.  so I wasn't really sure about where my brother and his wife were taking me.  I ended up having a terrific meal.  I couldn't even tell you what I ate but I know it was good!  Most of the items on the menu were unknown to me but everything we ordered looked and tasted wonderful.  I recommend trying something different here at Anal's...  I mean Amel's." Food is average. Get the hummus without onions or you'll be overpowered." Decently priced. They also have a large drink menu and a bar."  the bartender was really nice. Might give a second try." If you make it down to the south hills and want some authentic mediterranean cuisine this is the place to be."  so nothing to complain or write home about there.  After a bottle of wine Will be back for dinner soon!!"  the food overcomes the majority of my concerns.  The value is semi-questionable.  They definitely deliver on flavor "Worst service ever!!! We were a party of 10 had a reservation and you think they care about your reservation? Heck no!!! Waited for our table for an hour!!!! No body came check on us Hopefully one day Pittsburgh will have good choices when it comes to Greek and Med. food. Today is not that day."  perhaps they do not go through enough. It kinda ruined my  veggie flatbread. We will return to try more...because I want more :)"  but I did and was so rewarded. I am finding the breads in Pittsburgh to be their best kept secret.  My wife had the grape leaves as a diner and it was such a generous portion we needed to take it home. One of our guests had a lamb kabob "I love Amel's.  The food is always wonderful and the service is great.  I love that this is an old place.  It feels warm and familiar when you walk in.  The Amel's salad with extra feta is superb;  it was a weekly takeout order for me when I lived in Mt. Lebanon.  The bar is very cool  mediterranean-themed food. Lots of daily specials. A little bit crampled and can be noisy. Not inexpensive and not food allergy friendly--but generally very enjoyable." "Local local local - working class excellence. People who value a good meal at a good price amongst friendly folk should make this a must-do. The interior is homey old-school but clean. The waitstaff knows - by name - many patrons. The owner is super nice and friendly and very hands-on. An addition into an adjacent space is in the works.One problem that cost a full star off the rating - only two beer selections on tap - think river water product. Other selections available in bottles  delicious food and a nice experience."  vibrant colors.The food is so good and the staff is very nice! They have a bar in the front that you can wait at and have drinks well waiting to be seated or waiting for others to meet you there."  the pita was pretty dry. I ordered the chicken Romano it was absolutely delicious. The pasta that came with it was also good. I will be back again soon." Great food and my favorite She Crab soup!  Great beer selection and desserts too. Atmosphere is nice too.  but there was a lot of it. I have leftovers! We definitely won't be waiting so long to come back to Amel's." cESul2ojJOjadz-7BKB5eg Now I need to back and dine in and get the true experience."  what brings me back time and time again is their She-Crab Soup!  I know it sounds crazy that a mediteranian restaurant on a back road of a Pittsburgh suburb would have the best She-Crab Soup in the whole darn world but trust me....they do.  I go there for that alone (and their martinis....they leave the shaker with you so you can have the dirty rocks!).  My husband loves all of their lamb dishes--the gyros and the gyro salad included.  Their fried zucchini rocks too.   GO!" Best tabouli salad ever! Plus you get pita bread with oil instead of traditional white bread before your meals. "Amazing food and beer selection with both being reasonably priced. The staff is courteous  you shouldn't have an issue getting seated. The staff here is very friendly and won't rush you; plan on a relaxed evening!" Hit or miss.  Inconsistency in the food.  Usually a miss with take out so be sure to double check your order before you leave.   Bar service is slow.  Table service is better.    But all the workers are very nice & personable.    Recently ordered the filet sandwich on brioche with aioli that was very tasty.   Hope it's as good the next time I order!  ad we didn't feel like we were right off of busy McNeily Rd. Parking can be a bit of a hassle since the lot is so small and shared with many businesses cESul2ojJOjadz-7BKB5eg The food is terrible. We spent over $100 for the two of us. Don't eat any fish seafood. Got food poisoning from the meals. If I could give zero stars I would. Regretting going to dinner there tonight. Threw up when I got home. Now both ends. Ugh. We both are sick. Food poisoning. Beware!!!!! Terrible food. DO NOT EAT HERE!!!! Disgusting food. This was our third try here. First was great. Second ok. Third terrible. The entrees are horrible. The apps were good but don't eat dinner you'll regret it. So sick right now. Never going back. This used to be one of our favorite restaurants.  We heard it had gone down hill.  Last night we tried it and found that indeed it has. Way down. I ordered the Greek Chicken. All I could taste was lemon.  They must of changed pita suppliers.  The new pitas tasted like a doughy pancake. My wife's dinner was bland. We were there on a gift card that still has another 5 dollars on it and I'm not sure we'll even use it. It was that bad. My hope is that they fix their problems. It used to be great. "Great meal! Great service! This was our second choice for the evening Best Mediterranean in Pittsburgh! Came here with a group of 6 for my birthday and we had a great time. Try the hummus trio! Best Mediterranean in Pittsburgh! Came here with a group of 6 for my birthday and we had a great time. Try the hummus trio! "Excellent excellent food! You won't be disappointed. The service is a little slow Wonderful Mediterranean cuisine! Best I have had! The hummus appetizer and citrusy tabbulee was amazing! My husband had the jasmine lamb and it was so perfectly prepared. The food is authentic and prepared perfectly. The atmosphere is older rustic and dated but makes you feel and know it's well loved. We are always happy with the food at Amel's however the waitstaff could have a better attitude.  They seem to be very unhappy with their jobs.  Also the place needs some renovations.  The carpeting is worn and looks dirty and the booths needs new stuffing and need to be reupholstered.  You would think that the money that this place makes that they would shell out some money for basic upkeep. I will give the bartender high marks for making me one of the best cocktails I ever tasted.   He knows his business." The gyro platter was very good although not the best iv had therefore getting a solid 4 stars I've been coming here since I was a kid. Went recently for dinner and was curious to see if anything changed (I had read reviews saying the food and service were declining). I didn't think that at all. The hummus is still amazingly delicious and the portion sizes were plenty. I expected service to be poor since it was busy but we had sufficient attention and all of our food came out hot and in a timely manner. Looking forward to trying brunch! "If you like to wait an hour and 17 minutes for a fish sandwich and fries The lamb shank - the lamb fell right off the bone. Very juicy and flavorful. My friend was in food heaven."  service is okay and we had an hour wait with a reservation. I think it does well because of the older locals and it has a history. I wouldn't go back." I got the braised lamb shank and it was pretty good. We also got the goat cheese artichokes which were just ok. The meal and experience all around was just ok for the price. We haven't been back since  but very charming.  Our waitress was not nice (no substitutions for anything we quickly found out) but she got the job done and checked on us numerous times. I went with the Mediterranean omelet which had feta and tomatoes in it. The omelet was almost as big as my plate If I ever venture off this recipe for success  not great but they do a pretty decent job on meat and 2 veggies and the fish or chicken pita's are definitely worth a try......and on your 'cheat' days enjoy a milkshake if you dare:-)" The kitchen is super fast for carryout."  and a killer baklava!!!! I highly recommend to anyone in the area as we made the trip from exit 25....we heard good things! This will certainly be our mom n pop breakfast from here on out!" Cindy mans the register and makes u feel welcome and at home...the fish sandwich is fantabulous and a must have. I call order my breakfast and for 3 bucks I have my breakfast to go. Gotta luv it!!  especially since we came before closing this Showmars is under new management and it sucks!  They are extremely slow and have messed up my to go orders on multiple occasions.  Also  come to Showmars....just don't expect Dean and Deluca quality (nor their prices)." Showmars is great for breakfast and lunch.  This location does have the preferred combos of grits...hash browns..eggs...and the meats of choice.  Everything is prepared well.  Seating is never an issue...and i can get in and out in 30 mins.  The restaurant can get busy at times...and timing may halp.  With the various locations...they are pretty much the same on service.  I have to admit....coffee is hottest at other locations than here on 3rd.  But overall....you cannot beat the convenience! ASwN3Ih0Eh1oH0npLbzVjA  the turkey club at Rusty's and the BLT at Taso's The only reason this place gets a 5 star is because the of the burgers. They are really yummy like having a burger at your buddies bbq party. As for the rest of the food. Its terrible. The fries are frozen even though the seem to want to brag about the fact that the burger meat is never frozen. Then why not do the same with your fries. Anyway if you go here only order burger.  but poor service at this particular location. I've gone here for lunch on several occasions over the past few weeks and have encountered multiple problems from the same lunchtime staff Not sure we'll return."  and served with pancetta and spring pea risotto. It melts in your mouth. My friend also enjoyed the Wild Boar - sounds crazy  and found it to be absolutely awful. I've tried other more unique dishes like their Lamb Tagine which is slow cooked from 5am in the morning until served. I expected lots of great flavors and it was simply okay. My friend enjoyed the wild boar very much. My wife was very happy with the salmon. So the place can be great  the jazz trio picked up after 9 and sounded great.  Very nice place."  but I don't feel like it was a 5-star experience.  I guess you could say i just wasn't blown away.  But all the food I ate was great- I have a feeling the fact that someone else in my party was allowed to choose our appetizers and dessert may have dimmed the experience slightly.  I really wanted that trio of custards!"  etc. Yummy. The service was good. Even the manager pitched in to help us. We were a very large party. Probably around 30. They had live music which was really good and the crowd was cool. If I end up in Charlotte again Be sure to save plenty of room for desert as well (Blue's dinner portions can be quite dramatically large) because they whip up some of the fanciest creations you can find in the Charlotte area. And for those of you that don't go for overly sweet temptations there is also a huge fresh berry desert with homemade ice cream  and some jazz.  Or if someone else is picking up the tab."  ""nice"" local places  = lower standards. I tend more to think there were good ideas here not executed to their fullest. 3 stars is all about the food which is ultimately why we pay these prices and go to these places. I think if the ingredients were fresher and the temperatures and spices were watched closer then this could be a 5 star no matter in what city it's located."  but it's only for the quality of some of the food items we tried.  The entrees were 5 stars "Wonderful restaurant and very friendly wait staff.  I made reservations and was seated promptly.  The grilled salmon was made to perfection and the flirtini's were great.  I actually met a quality guy there as well.  ;)  Overall  delishious wild boar and I believe a nice steak or other red meat.  Finished with a yummy Sauturnes (sp??) and cheese plate. Service was top notch." Good but too pricey for what you get. "The atmosphere and the service made my evening with friends so much more pleasant that I will definitely be back. The food was good  so we were glad we returned.  The pricing is a little more than we care to spend on a regular basis  and really not as expensive as I thought it would be." The hostess and servers were very welcoming and friendly throughout the entire experience. The wine and appetizers were great! I didn't stay for dinner The most suprising thing were how many diners were complimenting the food after their meals. Charlotte-- time to raise your standards??"  but my wife's Veal Osso Bucco was too salty and had to be exchanged for the Mushroom Bolognese.  The waiter took care of this very quickly and I was impressed overall.  Good experience!" So push on we did- but not before thinking that this place was OK and might even be better than that on a night where squealing women were not reliving their high school fantasies!" I think there are better fish out in the sea for me than Blue." The waitstaff was friendly- the meal was ok - nothing special considering Charlotte has plenty of great restaurants . Restaurants have a lot to do with relationships- and they killed mine with this one.  Bottom line the food wasn't THAT good to warrant my return..." No complaints and I would definately return. At least until a bad experience. =)"  gnocci was dry and lacked any flavor while broccoli rabe was over salted. Sticky toffee pudding for dessert was too sweet. This was my third and last meal there - three strikes and you are OUT! This CA girl knows better." Maybe if I come back next time I'll have better luck?"  Blue. I'll likely be the girl in the corner hoarding the chocolate martini and two desserts."  delightful flavors.  Service was excellent.  Great wine selections.  Go!"  this would definitely be on our list of special occasion restaurants!" I like Blue ... the food has been great every time i have been there.  It is a tad on the pricey side but the service has been good every time i have gone.  It can sometimes feel a bit pretentious - the hostess maitre'd can at times have an attitude.  Overall this is a very solid restaurant.  If you get a chance to hang out in the bar towards the later hours of the evening you can be treated to some good jazz blues.  The quality of this will vary based on the performer but overall it is pleasant. mussels were good.  service ok.  ambiance seemed dated.  worth a trip  be cautious -- DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR EMAIL." My favorite place in Charlotte."  both times with a large group & we had a private room.  Service was excellent as was the food.  I always recommend this place to anyone visiting Charlotte & they always tell me how much they loved it." Went during Charlotte Restaurant Week.  They accommodated a group of ten." Overall a great place for a cheap happy hour.  We agreed we weren't sure that we would come for the full menu but for 2 beers & 2 appetizers or a martini & 2 appetizers for under $20 w o tip for happy hour it is fantastic."  not steakhouse quality but they put there own spin on it and it has a lot of flavor. Chocolate moose was very tasty too. Would definetly go back." Food is good but management and service is aloof. Katie at the bar was the exception. I went there during the restaurant week. It was way too crowded. But the best calamari I had for a long long time. The food I ordered was not superb. But I'll come back for their appetizers for sure. Great ambiance and love the jazz.  I am just disappointed in Blues lack of response or concern for a loyal customer." Waitress was really nice and attentive. So... definitely come and visit blue  ad the desert was the best part of the evening." I would definitely recommend Blue for a nice dinner or as a cool place to stop in for bevvies and appetizers." Great setting. Big restaurant but great service. Mediterranean. Halibut was killer - in a soup.  Major dipping action.  A gem!  blue. Couldn't have been more pleased with the recommendation I had the prosciutto wrapped scallops for an appetizer.Yummy...Then I had the wild boar entree..Yummy to eat as well.. Service was excellent also." Had the Tenderloin last time and was suitably sated."  it is relaxing; setting a good stage for conversation. Another great date place in my book!"  plus compensation for the 2 hours and 30 minutes of my life that I'll never get back." Many kudos to another server who took care of this rather toasted couple at the end of the evening and made sure we got safely into a cab back to The Blake. She was an angel." Had a meal there on a busy Saturday evening. My fiance and I are vegetarians so on first pass the menu was pretty limited. We asked our server for a recommendation and what he said was they didn't have much but listed what they had. Bad service. We ordered some apps and left - the salad we had was delicious. The hummus white bean etc. platter was okay - nothing special and the flavors needed a lot of enhancement. Probably will not be back. Our waitress gave great recommendations and was totally enthusiastic about the menu.  I love it when people get as excited about food as me. We really enjoyed our experience and would be back in a flash." We did not have reservations and did not have to wait to be seated. While we did have to sit in the corner of the place it was still nice. The wait for our food was not bad at all and I was pleased with the whole experience. I would definitely recommend this to friends and will make sure I go back here again!!"  so 4 stars from me is very good!"  business meeting......just not the place you want to go if your pallet is feeling extremely adventurous!" Make sure you call ahead because it gets very busy and it is worth it! They have great live music and the service was great." "I went here for my birthday and it was a very lovely dinner. There was a jazz band playing which gave the place a good atmosphere. It's classy and a perfect celebration or romantic dinner spot. It is pricey though so plan to spend a pretty penny. My husband and I shared the Flatbread and the Scallops and for dinner i had the Beef Tenderloin and he got the Duo of Wild Boar. The food was fabulous! Juicy and very flavorful. Every dish was presented beautifully and tasted as good as it looked. I was very happy and reallllly full by the end of the night. If you have the money or a special occasion to celebrate do it at Blue  which was not only spectacular in presentation but also in flavor.  It's a hefty portioncooked over cous cous with fruits and veggies - it was so tender is just slid off the bone.  To finish "Highly accommodating for allergies and food preferences. Good service "A group of us went for dinner on Friday night. We drove in and were very pleased with the valet parking. The atmosphere was lovely. The group that arrived before we did was greeted very warmly - they must be regulars. We were treated professionally if not warmly. Our fav appetizers were the lobster crab cake and the scallops. I really liked the wild boar entree. Three of the group had filets that were huge We capped the night by sharing a piece of Chocolate cake and it was delicious.."  even though we had a reservation.  I understand with was Restaurant Week and all "My husband and I went to Blue because we heard it was nice.  Parking and the crowd wasn't bad for Valentine's Day.  We were surprised.  We went for happy hour and appetizers since we weren't very hungry.  The bartender was very nice and helpful.  We ordered drinks and appetizers from their happy hour menu.   So we chose kamikaze's  scallops (which were EXCELLENT)  and striped bass which was good.  They really shine in the dessert area though  the service was outstanding with wonderful recommendations (definitely trust the waitress) Food was really good! The tenderloin ala Blue was so good with their risotto. DO NOT Valet your car though. Took us 45 min to get it back.  when we arrived I was advised it began at 10pm.  I was disappointed we left our location in South Park to get there.  I may give this place one more opportunity to redeem thereselves.  Right now I am not impressed with the customer service." Chef Briggs is a mastermind.  We are lucky to have him in Charlotte." eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ "The food was literally inedible. We had calimari as our app & it was very yummy. We were excited about our entrees based on this course. My husband ordered the shrimp gnocchi dish. It tasted like orange peels-even the shrimp. There was a pesto sauce & orange rinds in the dish  the quality of food and service made it worth every cent!" Still bummed they tried to seat us in plastic chairs in terrible location when I first came here for restaurant week as earlier posted" "The food was decent.  We can in just after midnight and had the late evening meal. The bouncer at the door was great! Ambiance was beautiful so we thought that this would be a nice  place to have a late night snack!  Service was absolutely horrible!! The young woman did not greet us in the most welcoming  manner.  She looked as if she was forced to be there!  She took are drinks orders and we ordered some food.  Never asked us if we wanted another drink nor if are food was good!  She then continued to start cleaning up her bar  tasty and satisfying.  Then Colleen advised the wild Boar.  What a treat!! delicious and came with a risotto that was amazing.  Topped off with a wild blueberry sauce.  Portion was huge and I could not finish it but I wish I could have.  I ended with the molten chocoloate cake with vanilla ice cream.  15 minutes to prepare Colleen had warned me  which almost made me regret the outstanding Chilean Sea Bass on my own plate. Just a short drive away in the heart of Uptown   but tasty nonetheless!  Then the bread arrived- the cranberry wheat is delicious.  My entree was the beef tenderloin.  Very good.  My friend went out of the box with the Wild Boar.  I tasted it- first time that I ever had it...it was interesting- but delicious!  I tried 2 of the martinis off the list- both were well mixed.  If you want a nice night out My wife and I came for an appetizer after a show around 9:30 pm. The ambience with the live music is nice. We sat in the bar area and ordered a pepperoni pizza and arrancini as appetizers. Food was decent but service was pretty shoddy. The small plates they gave us with the silverware literally had crumbs from another meal on it. Hadn't been touched. Smh. "We went to Blue with several friends for Restaurant Week and ordered a couple bottles of wine and the RW menu.  Everyone at the table ordered the Flatbread as an appetizer which was wonderful and flavorful.  I ordered the calamari which was good So what to order... the scallop app is possibly the best in the city eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ  flavorful portions with plenty of creative touches to satisfy the cautious eater and foodie alike. The sticky toffee pudding is what a Heath bar aspires to be. Our waitress was funny  which isn't exactly on the cheap side. We would not want to pay full price for a meal here (simply because it's a bit out of our price range) but it would make for a tempting Restaurant Week visit."  we've enjoyed the experience.  The staff tries hard to accommodate diners in every way.  We were attending a show uptown on a Friday evening and came in for a last-minute dinner with no reservation.  Not only did the staff manage to fit us in my only complaint this time around was my ""extra dirty"" martini was not really dirty at all. but they did me a solid and sent out a cup of olive juice so i could make it as dirty as i pleased. :) can't wait to go back again!"  I had a dish that consisted of two different cuts of wild boar in a currant and wine sauce. It was incredible. nom nom nom." Wonderful!  The service and food were spot on.  Try the scallops appetizer and save room for dessert.  the duo of wild boar and I can only hope that it's still on the menu when we visit next."  but my beef tenderloin ala blue was the clear winner of the night. I want to go back again just writing this review! My date tried the Pork Milanese with Heirloom Tomatoes  but a bit too chatty and played up the food preparations a little too much.  Not impressed.  Sorry we picked it after reading rave reviews online.  Wouldn't go back."  and dining for special celebrations but after this experience I'm not sure when I'll be back. I love the scallop appetizer and have not found it's equal so I will be back eventauly because I can't resist their temptation but it will be a while as I'm soured on Blue right now. I don't know that I'll recommend my guests here any more. Sorry  desert was amazing! I had the Strawberry Bavarois and Moroccan Orange Cake - a creamy Bavarian cream with macerated strawberries and rich orange cake and it was to die for.  The cake was moist and delicious and overall the entire thing was full of flavor. I was tempted to order another."  so can't really speak on that aspect of the restaurant. I WILL BE BACK TO TRY THE FOOD AND RESTAURANT PIECE OF BLUE  I will say we were all wearing dresses preparing to go out for the night but I did feel a bit out of place  and how its rank among the best in the country.   I'm more interested in the quality of the food than with all the glossy adjectives when describing the menu and service.  The bottom line is that I felt I donated $100 just to say ""I been there"" for food that was average." "Was the only place open late close to our hotel...the waitress was slow but it seemed she was the waitress I was impressed by everything and I will definitely be back to enjoy dinner here again." This would be a 5 star review except we both felt like Blue was overly pricey for what the food was. Although both dishes were amazing as was the appetizer  just seemed swamped. 15 min for our first drink acknowledgement from bar. Not a friendly welcome with the hostess stand at all eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ  and the table next to us was letting their 2 or 3 year old (who was fussy because of the late hour) run around the restaurant to ""blow off steam"" while we were eating... come on "We went to Blue for restaurant week and expected great things. We love downtown and this is one of the only restaurants we haven't visited. First I want to say that customer service was fantastic. We had a great waiter who took his time and never rushed us. He gave us wonderful ideas and we would visit again for this alone. However; we were disappointed in the meal itself. For the price you pay we were expecting some bold flavors. I got the chicken expecting it to be seasoned wonderfully. I didn't finish my meal because it was bland. Presentation was beautiful  but not overly so.  Good wine and drink list.  I had the scallops as an entre both times.  Delicious!  Tried a variety of the appetizers.  All excellent!  Definitely a top choice in Charlotte."  we go out several times a week and haven't been totally blown away with any Charlotte dinners until this weekend- 2 2 nights out this weekend were solid- and I'm glad my friend recommended Blue to us. For the food  which pretty much no one can mess that up and also a blueberry port that was outstanding! We went well over our budget and be aware that a party of 6 is already charged gratuity. You can eat here for around $35 per person if you want to but you can quickly start adding things up with drinks and other add ons. The wait staff was very helpful and the live music was good when they were playing Delicious dinner of scallops and trout. The appetizer of calamari was fabulous and the service at the bar with Tommi as our server was perfect. Awaiting music. Then last we had the jumbo diver scallops.  Again-2 for 12.95.  And they were just okay.  2 stars.   Lemondrop martini was great!  And serivce was a little slow for an empty bar.   something tells me there is better seafood out there in Charlotte."  the risotto balls were very bland and gummy.  The only good thing was the Lemon Drop Martini.  We should have eaten more at BlackFinn The best service ever!!! Warm inviting atmosphere... The music was great and the lobster crab cakes were spectacular!!! A great place to have dinner.  Definitely will be back again!  but I don't think Blue fits that bill. I strongly believe that it can greatly improve the Uptown restaurant scene if it pushes the envelope in its food and drink selection."  but the server talked me out of a couple of things I considered getting.  Made me think whomever was doing the cooking that night...A Saturday was not good at certain things.  Extremely overpriced.  Btw...coffee was $6.50.  C'mon now!  Good but not that much!  Sorry "We had to rush in and rush out. So we got what we wanted. Great service  restaurant that let us in without reservations on a Thursday night. The expensive food was good with an even distribution between fish and meat to choose from. We started with a combination of diver scallops and calamari that they quickly put together for us. Two of us had the grouper served on crepes stuffed with crab meat. A little fussy for my tastes but the fish was done just right. The filets that the other two folks at the table had looked good as well. The setting was lovely and the jazz combo that was playing in the bar set just the right tone. I'll have to say that our waiter was one of the best I have ever encountered. No bullshit just a cordial Mother's Dy Brunch- 3 adults and 1 child - 180.00 - only drinks were 2 waters and 2 teas-  gratuity was included in bill - so service was barely passable.  Food was okay - but not worth the price charged.  However - the crepes were awesome - the saving grace.  The entertainment was good and the atmosphere fine.  Probably would NOT go back.  Don't see a good value.  Do not recommend.  and it was a good experience every time. The food is great and so is the service."  it is overpriced and not worth your money."  kinda bland. Then he picked the hanger steak since most everyone at the table got the swordfish. It was cooked rare in he middle which I normally love. I love a good steak. This was not a good steak. Very tough and minimal flavor. Veg casserole was good. The dessert was okay. Had the lemon and blueberry thing. The cookie was TERRIBLE! Like a unflavored overlooked piece of cornbread. What were they thinking. Even our weighted laughed and said yeah it's more for decoration than taste. It was gross.  Don't think I will be back. Disappointed in my queens feast choice. Wish I could go back and choose again. I'm a foodie and disappointed."  tip included.  $30 each plus 2 iced teas ($6.98) and tip came to just under $90.  At least I felt like I got my one's worth with the valet at $5 for a tip  the decor is predictable (although they do have a nice set of high tables) and the lighting is a bit weird. It is a good place to have a good conversation though - just be warned  Blue really doesn't hold a candle to their service or atmosphere. What a bummer to spend that much money and be that underwhelmed." eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ  amazing! We had our rehearsal dinner here and everything was perfect beyond words. Ashley did and incredible job making us feel so welcome and special. The cocktail and dinner menus were customized with our photos. The food was delicious and the wines with paired with dinner were just right. I have the   mushroom bolognese  we wouldn't go back unless some good friends really wanted to go there." Service was great and waiter was very attentive." I'll come back for the tie-breaking Yelp Rating's match in the near future!" You might love this place but I had such a poor experience and follow-up."  food was okay. I've worked in the service industry and was really disappointed about how the night started. Being forgotten about twice made me question if we were being 'profiled' and that's really shitty."  do yourself a favor and get the wild boar duo."  I should have put this on Yelp immediately instead of two and half years hence." "I do not know if it is a ""I"" or ""Y"" but Kerri was the best of the  best when it came to our service and selection.  I have come to the point in my dining experiences to let my host server make my selections.  You did great!!! Then she escorted use through the Towers to Epicenter... Will most definitely be back!!" "Amazing entrees and even better service. I went for dinner with 5 other friends and we ordered lots of different dishes and ate more family style and it was PERFECT. We all ate very well  omelette.  There were very few vegetables to order with it.  We couldn't tell which omelette was which because we couldn't see the bacon or sausage. I think I got the wrong one because even once in a while I tasted a bite of bacon. We laughed instead of cry when we left because we basically paid close to 100 dollars for omelettes and crepes with tiny deserts when the day before we had an excellent breakfast at another Resturant for about 27.00.  We sure wish we had gone somewhere else. Music was good when they played.  Service was good but kept trying to convince us how good the food was when at best it was mediocre.  I don't think we will come here any time again too soon.  It's a shame. I have fond memories of coming here before after Broadway shows but I don't think we will go anytime again real soon."  and had a couple mixed drinks each. What completely turned us off about this place was the bad attitude of the bar staff. They acted like they hated being there and were doing us a service just to wait on us. Needless to say we won't be back Look forward to stopping back by next time we're in Charlotte."  service was on point. Will definitely be going back" Dessert was THEE Highlight of the dinner as my neighbor talked me into Blue because she resides in Europe for years and LOVE Sticky Toffee pudding and saw that Blue was offering it for dessert. I decided to order he cheesecake in which I sent back because it was soooo DRY. I broke down and orders the pudding and OOOOOHHHH MY OOHHH MY it was PERFECT and the only thing memorable about the dinner and the only thing I would go back for." Dessert was THEE Highlight of the dinner as my neighbor talked me into Blue because she resides in Europe for years and LOVE Sticky Toffee pudding and saw that Blue was offering it for dessert. I decided to order he cheesecake in which I sent back because it was soooo DRY. I broke down and orders the pudding and OOOOOHHHH MY OOHHH MY it was PERFECT and the only thing memorable about the dinner and the only thing I would go back for."  so the place was packed but with room to move about and not be smothered. Enjoyed my dinner and the music as well." eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ "This place was great. Bueatiful restaurant with great service and unbelievable food. The appitizers were great we had one of the cheese dishes that was amazing. The crab cakes were delicious.  Entries were al great  and one star for the the mature crowd and jazzy music played by Buff Dillard.  But they easily lose two stars for the overpriced drinks.  I understand that higher drink prices keep the riff raff away The jazz band started promptly at 9 was was great background music to our lingering conversation.  This place will be a must visit on out next trip to Charlotte!" "Very nice restaurant. Came for the jazz and wasn't disappointed. Arrived late so we couldn't sit at the bar but nevertheless the music was very authentic. I recommend arriving on time for the show and you won't be disappointed. Also I was disappointed tonight because we had been here for our anniversary in July and had a wonderful evening....."  and the server admitted many complaints on this score. With everything ala carte  but not all it's hyped up to be. I've gone to Blue several times over the years. It is pricy & has a reputation for being very good. I find it to be fine  we had a very pleasant experience overall. If you're looking for a good meal uptown for restaurant week  so we didn't take the music into consideration for our review).  Some of our dishes were very mediocre Had a wonderful meal here on 1 292016. We shared the Foie Gras was exquisite. My girlfriend had the pork osso bucco and I had the scallops and short ribs. Both meals were wonderful. This was our 2nd visit and both have been some of the best meals we have ever had. I put this restaurant up there with the best NYC restaurants. I've been to places like Daniel and Le Bernardin in NYC and this ranks right up with them.  the sticky toffee pudding was to die for. We will not seek this place out but wouldn't mind coming back for dessert Mediocre food. Pretentious and overpriced. Bar area can be fun when they have live jazz. Good chocolate martini. My husband and I went for dinner and it was amazing! I had the beef tenderloin which was the best filet I have ever had and he had the wild boar which was so tender and juicy! Definitely want to go back soon!!  I promise you can find a better restaurant in Charlotte."  and he was very good. The calamari was excellent as an appetizer. The people I was with got the wild boar entree. They seemed to love it. I got the flavor of the Mediterranean for my entree. To be honest is was only ok. I love Mediterranean food Parking: valet or parking garage"  and the kitchen knows the value of salt and pepper. Read: food and drinks are bomb. The atmosphere is warm and inviting while still exuding a bit of elegance. It's great for happy hour - you can get a flatbreads  we loved finishing off our dinner with cappuccinos and their sticky toffee pudding. The perfect combination of salty and sweet. This is a highly recommended spot in a city full of so many different options. Our server was also attentive "One of my first times to Charlotte. The valet driver at the Hyatt recommended this restaurant. We checked it out online. The ambience was quite nice. Service is good but not great. However Ambiance was great... service was a little more intrusive than I prefer. If you are going for an intimate dinner be prepared to have your conversation interrupted several times. Calamari and flat bread were delicious... flavor texture and temp were spot on... grilled Bison rib eye was good but overpriced. Scallops look fantastic but were raw. Ricotta ravioli were good.... had the scallops been cooked it would have been perfect. Overall... meh. "Love Blue - my favorite restaurant downtown. Went for a special occasion - a small retirement party. The bread and butter is great   but the food was not great.  We were a large party with several vegetarians. All thought the food was rather tasteless. I had a fish with couscous and the flavoring was bland and didn't compliment well.  There are better restaurants to frequent."  everything was packed with amazing flavor. Candace recommend the most perfect wine for our evening. Dessert was on the house since it was his birthday. She came to the table and lite a candle for him  there is usually a good to great jazz band playing live. Blue could be great but it's not."  especially for vegetarians like myself.  It is all authentic Mediterranean food with a spicy zing to all of the dishes.  The place is always fairly empty They didn't notice for a week till someone complained." I've been here twice and no complaints. Brought it home when my mom was visiting and she loved it.  The marinade on the chicken is wonderful." I just don't have that much to time to invest in a quick lunch." Good food. Will fill you up for about $12  it's worth a stop if you're in that part of town. :]"  across from the Madison East Shopping Center. Pretty easy to miss when driving.)"  though nothing fancy and I like it much stronger. Will try their falafel soon." The only thing I really wish this place would do is make fresh bread and rolls  hands down.  And reasonably priced too.  Good chicken sandwiches.  And their mediteranian entrees are delicious as well.  As for the donuts  and great (but sort of slow) service. This place is definitely worth checking out." The only thing I can think of against the place are the hours- I really wish they stayed open longer! I cant count how many times ive been returning from groceries or whaterver and passed by the place "I usually go here because they have some Halal dishes but it's definitely not my ""go -to"" place for Halal.  I find that I have to be in the mood for it in order to really enjoy it.  However I have to give them more stars. For one they have pretty tasty food once I tried more dishes.  The cucumber sauce on the side also really good.  It has also become my stop for mousaka! Mmmm" Tabouli was a bit saucy (ask them to use less dressing)." Ryq600aoE3h8_qRQGIed9A Food is excellent and reasonably inexpensive! Had to wait a little bit because he made everything fresh. I'll definitely wait for freshly made food! "We will drive from Dudgeon Monroe to the East side for good falafel and gyros. The quality and service at People's Bakery are a great reminder why the (much closer) Biryani doesn't deserve our business. Skip the babaganoush Awesome gyros at a great price... haven't tried anything else yet but I am definitely a fan and will continue to go back (at least for a gyro)  etc. Probably can't go wrong with anything there."  the food is really cheap - you can get a whole huge bag of great food for under 20 bucks. An older Lebanese couple run this place - they are very nice and do a good job. As far as the bakery items  but the food was EXCELLENT.  personal service from the husband & wife owners make you feel right at home.  the tabouleh and hommos definitely rival anyplace i've ever tried.  they actually make the tabouleh to order!!!  incredibly fresh and delicious.  delicious baklava!  and  shish tahouk and baba ganouj."  this is an AWESOME Madtown ethnic eats spot...and oh yeah...how can  completely dismiss the incredible homemade donut selection?  They looked stunningly good  if you think about ordering food here. still worth visiting."  but the owners were charming and seemed to enjoy us enjoying their food. My five-star ratings often depend on how likely and how often I would return Downside = Styrofoam containers...I might attempt to bring my own next time to avoid them!" The lady that works the counter is very friendly.  When we went back to purchase the pastries we only had credit cards So good!!! We went as a group and everyone loved the food they ordered.  The food was very reasonably priced!! Yum! Stopped here a few times for the yummy baklava. I've eaten lunch here once and it was fabulous. I had the tan-tan chicken and it was amazing! Moist chicken and lovely flavors.  and the owners are incredibly warm and friendly people who have been crafting joy through delicious food for many moons now. There is nothing to keep me from recommending People's Bakery with the full five stars." We will definitely be back!" Living 1 block away is dangerous! This is a hidden treasure for sure. The owners are a sweet older couple who knock out some amazing food. Can't speak for the donuts but I promise you will enjoy the food. The falafel with fries is a bargain--5 bucks or so--and it will be made totally fresh for you. My go to I don't feel like cooking spot.  does the People's Bakery unseat Trader Gus as my King of Madison Gyros.  I say it's too close to call right now.  What I do know is that I plan to return to the People's Bakery to conduct more extensive research.  And if you find yourself on the east side with an empty stomach and a light wallet  which comes as a sandwich or entree sized plate. They have other standard Mediterranean options such as hummus and kebobs. Seating is limited and would not be good for large groups. Definitely more of a take-out place. I would definitely go back to explore their menu." To be honest i had tunnel vision on the donuts but I believe they have some other things to offer for lunch and dinner." "I love these guys - the best - BEST - donuts any where in the world  but most importantly they had the best baklava I've ever had." They forgot my tomatoes. There is nothing really terrible about this place  the owners are great the only issue I see us that it  is hard to stop eating them"  and delicious too. I didn't bother asking them about ingredients because it's so obvious."  I really like the people who run this place and the people who hang out there." Great Greek food. Delicious and huge assortment of donuts! Worth stopping in for a treat. A husband and wife team run this place and they do an outstanding job.  Super nice too.  If you want an outstanding box of donuts "Best falafel in the midwest  and some green pepper and onions.  It was very fast and not too expensive (around $13).  I will definitely order from here again!" Great Mediterranean food and friendly owners. They also make delicious kosher doughnuts!  but you can't beat it for great take-out.  The falafel is amazing!  Their hummus doesn't come close to competing with Banzo  even if you're just picking up donuts to go. There was just one person working the counter and cooking customers' meals so the whole process took awhile." Great donuts topped off a tasty meal. A little hard to find but like Arnold I'll be back. Even though the decor and all is pretty modest Hopefully I can update my rating in the future :("  which I think is wonderful. My son will accompany me on a trip to People's Bakery if I promise to buy him a couple doughnuts. The two of us sit in the scanty boothed table as he unenthusiastically watches me savor every last tidbit of the kibbe dipped in the yogurt sauce. Mmmmm... considering how labor intensive it is to make kibbe at home  but I'm lucky my coworker does. I get ridiculously excited when she brings them in. My usual stop in Madison to cure a donut craving is Scott's in Middleton because it's convenient and decent (I think their best donut is their raised maple frosted or the decadent german chocolate) I am now a huge fan! Service is fast and prices are great. The blueberry fritter is heavenly. On the weekends I anxiously wait for 7 am to roll around so I can head over for my fix."  and my husband got the gyro. We also ordered hummus as an appetizer. The app never came out and then she called out our food and we had to pick it up. The spinach dish was most likely the most unappetizing plate I have eaten  I'll be back for sure - just not on a First Friday." so over all great little late night place great in every way but the drink....."  the paprika turkey sandwich and their unique daily soup special-- chipotle salmon chowder.  The turkey sandwich was delicious and the soup was a bit spicy (duh And it is always great to patronize a wonderful  pay a visit to the Paisley pigs in the back. That's right "Paisley......love paisley prints.! Can't tell u how many neck ties I have with a kool ass paisely print.  This also happens to be a kool ass coffee shop with a kool ass name....in a world of corporate coffee beans and corporate starbucks coffee joints on every other corner....this kool ass PAISELY VIOLIN coffee shop is a great place to kick back  I just want to add that Paisley Violin also has FREE WIFI in addition to all the other wonderful things that other reviewers have said."  they are cottages from the Japanese Internment Camps in California. And they were some of the larger ones for families. The man who had invested in the project (I guess the owner of Paisley came up with the idea and pitched it to this guy) led us around and told us about the space and how they were going to be renting them to artists. Kind of cool Everyone else enjoyed their food.  The two downers that prevent me from being able to give it 5 stars are the lack of parking - some stupid macho man twit in his white Dodge Ram was blocking most of the driveway then almost runs me over trying to get a spot in the parking lot when he could have just as easily parked where he was sitting on the side of the road (which is where I ended up parking btw) and the soup.  It just wasn't a crab bisque"  but judging it strictly for lunch the price vs portion and quality sticks Paisley at a three." Our bill was approximately $10-12 per person (before tip) which is pretty much on par with most places we frequent for lunch. Future trips to Paisley Violin are definitely in store!" It is always encouraging to see businesses like the Paisley operate in the downtown Phoenix area. I will continue to support the Paisley and highly recommend it to others looking for some uniqueness in Phoenix."  I can't say anything good about the food.  I ordered a chicken shwarma sandwich and expected a hot middle eastern sandwich filled with flavorful chicken sauteed with onions and spices and accompanied with crisp fresh veggies.  What I got was FAR from what I expected.  The pita bread was your typical crappy faux Wendy's style doughy flat bread 'pita'  but it's really not that great. I think people come in and are charmed by the homey  so for me the Paisly Violin is a perfect place to meet up with friends and grab some drinks."  everyone got out on the dance floor and shook it a lil... a fun crowd and a few tunes I'd never heard before.  Probably a ton of fun there if/when they have a good DJ." It's on my list for trying out more often and perhaps I will be more impressed."  so if you are one of the prissy eaters who doesn't understand that serving can be tough Atmosphere:   Nice patio;  little garden and a bunch of colorful artist bungalows.  sweeps in the zen like relaxation for a lazy sunday or friday lunch." The P.V. seems to be an attempt to give all the artists on Grand a place to go IceZ4BtTz76eppjNWm-c6A  reasonable and unique places to grab lunch and to take visitors from out of town." Thank you Paisley Violin. We'll be back." Another review said that the waitress had been on for 12 hours.  She was somewhat incompetent I'm a fan of the Paisley and I hope more people discover this place. Anytime I'm in there "Just had an awesome ""eggwich"". Great service and a really cool vibe. Can't wait to come back to check out the patio in the evening for a drink."  because I would make myself a regular here." IceZ4BtTz76eppjNWm-c6A  but not record speeds.  They serve loose tea in little mesh bags that hang over your cup with a bamboo stick....more points.  My turkey brie and cranberry chutney sandwich was out of this world and the brie and pesto app I tasted was also pretty tasty.  It's coined as a meditteranean place but I'd probably call it fusion food.  Too many gourmet flavors to be strictly med.  The best thing about this place is everything.  Ambience....my favorite type...food is inventive and flavorful.  Nuff said....I'm still craving that sandwich and my only regret about this place is not asking that guitarist what he was playing." Check it out. You won't be disappointed." "I've been a fan and lover of the Paisley Violin for almost 4 years. Love this charming little place nestled on Grand Ave. It's out of the way but yet it has a downtown feel. Gina  but can't stand another enchilada from La Canasta Capitolio." "Really good. The staff is always friendly. I love the greek salad and any of their iced teas. They also have a beer & wine license  it was good....was it $9 good? Definitely not. And sadly to say I won't be returning for lunch to try anything else on their menu that may have peaked my interest before."  really made me feel like I was peeing inside a janitor's closet. Oh wait-- maybe it was!"  or for graduation parties.  Although I think that may have impacted Tuyen's experience at Paisley.  :) The grad party was awesome -thanks Paisley!" A friend ordered the turkey sandwich that has cranberries in it and liked it.  Another friend ordered the cheese platter and it looked just okay.  I think the one at House of Tricks is much better."  but I'll ask the drink prices first."  but nothing I'd go back time and time again for."  your typical grand ave crowd can be seen here..randomness at it's finest...nice outdoor patio area You can thank me later. I'll probably be at the table next to you." "This place has a great atmosphere. The patio is awesome and they place live music. The food was delicious and they had tons of healthy options. So why not 5 stars? The service was pretty bad. I ordered wine and asked for water with it. Then I asked again "I went to the Paisley Violin sometime last week. Walking in we were greeted by terrible music. I mean there are tons of great Jazz musicians in AZ and some how they have found the worst. The server was an older gentleman who was nice. We ordered the sampler app that they have to start 2 min later the server tells us that they are out of pita bread. For entrees I ordered the Lamb which comes on a pita but i opted to get it on a croissant which he suggested they had. 2 min later he says they are out of that to. My friend ordered the Lox 2 min later he says they are out of that as well. So she takes his suggestion in ordering a cuban sandwich which you wont belive 2 min later he comes out and says they dont have all the ingredients for that either. This happened about two more times until we ordered what had seemed to be the only 2 things on the menu. Its called an 86 board  he liked both but said mom's was better. Total for both meals including drinks was $22. One thing that was a lil annoying was how slow the service was. Our server was very nice but it took 30 minutes just to get our food Check this place out with a good friend and an open mind We can't wait to go back!"  and did not have the time to wait anymore. The male server did tell the manger and they compd the meal. It does not make for the frustration of eating basically an Arby's roast beef sandwich when I expected a Reuben. Everyone else in my party enjoyed their meals."  it got even better when the owner/manager came over and thanked us for coming in and gave us 2 complimentary meals!!! So Despite the issues that I had on this visit I do still like the place for drinks and music...also the employees have been very friendly. I would return for these reasons and I hope that they make some improvements on the areas that I mentioned." I doubt I will return to this place.  And if I do  most sinfully delightful chocolate cake around. The best part is it's only $2.00!  The reasonably sized slice of cake totally makes up for the boring  tuna and egg salads). They will cater your next event and if you've ever seen those Honda Elements running around Phoenix with Zoe's name plastered along the sides Last but not least - I love the modern/simple decor.  The ""kids"" paintings scattered around the place are pretty cool too!" Chicken Kabobs (really dry)" When  I feel like eating healthy this is where I go.  I love the mediteranean tuna pita.  I have tried numerous things on the menu including the chocolate cake (yummy).  I have never been disappointed with anything i ordered and the staff is always very nice.  all 2 oz. of it. BUT THE CAKE...OH MARY....THE CAKE! Truly a slice of chocolate heaven. I will go back and try some other items. Staff was friendly. I liked the space. Cake was trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw  and don't even get me started on the chocolate cake!"  the aforementioned cake and limeade. Really no desire to try anything else. With this place  clean and simple with just enough trendiness to make you feel better about yourself for coming here than a fast food restaurant.   Our food was plain and simple I plan to go back and I plan to get something different to try.  Neat concept  but also not quite good either. Very uninspired in all foods I have tasted. Sorta like eating dry white bread. We ordered as a group each time I ate  you may stand at the counter while they work around you but do not recognize your presence until the invisibility dust (or whatever makes you invisible) wears off.  Based upon my late lunch experience today  sometimes delivery from Z Pizza.  Within that context Zoe's is a win.  The chicken salad and tuna salad sandwiches are tasty and of generous size.  My wife likes the marinated slaw I suppose if one of your favorite food combinations is mayonaise on white bread you might be impressed  I just get the same thing every time. Almost took off another star because one time some chicken somehow ended up in my grilled feta sandwich (I don't eat chicken)  kinda boring.  I think I liked the design of the place better than the food. So "This place is just OK in my book. I love the idea... a healthy alternative to fast food but it could be better. The first time I went I liked it but it's also hard to screw up a grilled cheese sandwich. Sooo... I went back and tried it again. My fruit cup was sour  but it is a nice place to go if you don't want fried food or smell of Subway. My favorite is the pimento cheese sandwich with turkey added to it. It might be a bit weird for most but when I am ""hankering for hunker'n"" I guarantee you that we won't be back to Zoe's Kitchen. We are huge fans of fast It's an uppity cafeteria that makes you want to believe that their food is good for you "This place saddens me. It is a void. It has a sterile atmosphere. The sandwiches were dry and not very good. The prices were high. The only reason that I went was because they handed out coupons in my neighborhood. If I had to say something good about this place  which in my opinion is a great area that i hope will continue to keep building up great new stores and restuarants. Nothing bad to say. Great patio right on the street definately a great place to eat right now when the weather is perfect."  this place will never see me or my money again." I don't know how this place stays in business. The menu is so limited. Would you like chicken or chicken? Chicken in a pita? Chicken on some lettuce? Chicken rolled in a tortilla? And the pita chips are bland! Yuck! And  the potato salad has something in it that is way too tangy. I've only been twice and tried different dishes both times but I just don't get anything greek about this place.  but I always end up having to load everything with salt and pepper to even taste it. It's overpriced for just getting a simple sandwich on store bought bread with a bag of potato chips." trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw I can't explain how much I detest food from Zoe's. Fresh vegetables  better pricing and atmosphere.  I will come back but Then I actually went back again to give it a second chance (I had a lot of coupons) and ate a very boring sandwich with cafeteria stlye mashed potatoes.   Maybe this place would be better for non vegetarians....my coworker liked his Greek Chicken plate The fact that it won something from the New Times proves how corrupt that process is." No one has mentioned the iced tea - I really do like the fresh iced teas." I have also tried the grilled cheese adding tomatoe and onion to it and it tastes good as well. Also the grilled feta sandwhich is also a favorite. The feta can be a little much so I do take some of it out I had the Greek Pita w/ the pasta salad. It was pretty big but a little difficult to eat. Especially at your desk! I have to say though the pasta salad wasn't as great as I'd hoped. My coworker raves about the slaw. I hate it  and an overall trendy and upbeat atmosphere.  I would recommend it definately.  Plus the staff is eally nice too." It's a bit of a cluster-F at the drink/napkin area...too tight in there for people but the fact that they have Diet Dr. P in the fountain makes up for it.  Like Nicole T  ate my chicken roll ups and read the New Times. They were delicious.  The dipping salsa is to close to Pace.  That is my only beef with the dish.   My side was the pasta salad.  Wonderful.  I was wondering where to go for dinner for one.  I didn't want fast food and I didn't want to have to tip a waiter plus I wanted healthy food.  Zoe's delivered.  My bill was around eight dollars.  Who's a happy camper? (me) The hibiscus tea was very good.  I went for a refill.  All in all Zoe's is a satisfying option for your taste buds and your wallet."  this may not be the place for you. About 99% of the items on the menu contain it." "Went to lunch with a colleague. Looking for something relatively healthy and not too heavy. Was very satisfied with my meal of 2 chicken kabobs "LOVE this place! I meet my husband here for lunch as often as I can. It is a bit pricey for being a fast food place but the food is so good. I always get the pita pizza and the pasta salad. Excellent place to eat. The decor is funky but the staff is usually really nice and again "I eat at Zoe's often because it's a convenient place to grab lunch quickly in between teaching and afternoon meetings. I would go there just for the limeade--best thing ever! I usually get the grilled cheese sandwich with a tomato on rye and coleslaw  it'll be healthy. But likewise if you scratch the dressing....you might fall asleep while eating."  and your choice of a side (I chose their rice-yummy) and their greek salad. The salad is always huge so I usually save it for its own meal later. Their salad comes with their signature vinaigrette which is soooooo good. We also got a pre-packaged side of their red potato salad which is good  and I really loved the ""at-home"" feel they create. The bread my sandwich was served on could have been the same that I have sitting in my pantry at home  and they didn't burn my sandwich alright. Actually (if I could take a picture I would) they barely heated it. The cheese is still mostly intact."  as I took takeout...but this place is DELICIOUS! I'm always looking for healthy places to eat for lunch and sometimes it's a strike-out. You know those places....the ones that promote good  and the lemon limeade my friend calls crack.  Six blocks from Los Olivos car wash if you're trying to kill time.  Saw they have a security enabled wifi network but didn't try asking for the wep key to see if they share." trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw "I went to Zoe's Kitchen today for lunch and ordered the Ham & Swiss grilled sandwich. My first experience with Zoe's was mediocre  order your food ahead of time and just pick it up...then you don't have to worry about waiting all day for your food at the high rush time (around 11pm-1pm)" "I eat here at least once a week. Service is always good and food is consistent. The dressing is amazing!! Couple reasons for 3 stars--a bit overpriced. I should think more about spending $11 on lunch My favorite part about Zoe's you ask? That Diet Dr. Pepper is part of the soda fountain selection. Divine."  pasta salad and the aforementioned slaw. If you're looking for a great pretty healthy spot to get lunch  but could have had the same experience for half the price." "The food isn't great.  I really only like the chocolate cake which is strangely sweet but does not have much chocolate flavor.  (Still I'm strangely addicted to it).  The food is rather bland  said it was pretty good but kinda bland in flavor. I thought the roll-ups were pretty good too & agree that they needed a lil extra somethin. I didn't eat the chips but the pasta salad was very yummy. For both meals & 2 drinks  I go to Zoe's.  Great array of fresh and mostly healthy meals.  LOVE the chicken salad and the (not so healthy) chocolate cake.  Staff are friendly  I'm compelled now to patronize this little spot more often. Next time I'm trying the new spinach wraps...mmmm"  but nothing extraordinary. I don't want my review to sound negative - because I've never had a bad experience at Zoe's; it just isn't worth more than 3 stars."  and the fresh slaw with feta side was fantastic as well. We so wish we had a place like this at home!" I especially like the ""Grben"" with potato salad. Yum!" The girl that helped me was really nice which is always a plus!" The chocolate sheet cake is super yummy and reminds me of the cakes my grandma used to make.  You always get bonus points for reminding me of my grandmother. :)"  super delicious salads and chicken kabobs. Would recommend to all!!!"  I think they're better than the chicken ones. I also bought a refillable cup that I can bring back for 99 cent refills. I usually come here to get a light  can't go wrong.  Perfect for lunch. Always nice staff as well-service with a smile."  and the parking: very tough to get right now with the construction next door. If you wait a few minutes you should get a space in the lot and won't have to park around the corner. (I haven't tried parking in the costume store lot.)" "I crave Zoe's when I'm in the mood for something light and fairly healthy. I love their chicken salad and tuna salad. Both are pretty much just meat So glad i live near both locations in central phx--so can do when i feel the urge:)"  sandwich & hummus options - can't wait to try more!" Good healthy food! Reasonably priced for what you get.  Love the steak kabobs and the steak wraps.  The salad is also very good.  and every chair was covered in crumbs from the previous diners. So gross! I am sad this place has gone downhill; Zoe's has always been a staple for my friends and me  nothing. I messaged the customer service person who had contacted me initially just to let her know the gift card had not arrived. Just pretty surprising the level of poor management. I am no longer wondering what happen to Zoe's because it is pretty self evident." The service was friendly." I really appreciated the counter girl's kindness in giving me a drink but the status of the sandwhich was enough to probably deter me from returning. Which is too bad because I love that they support local so much. Maybe I should have had a salad." "This was a fresh take and a nice change from the ""normal"" fast lunches I am used to. One my first visit I asked the lady helping me what she recommended. She said the steak kabobs are excellent and so are the chicken. My partner and I got one of each  which has created a warmer feeling in the dining room. The girl who took my order and cashed me out was pleasant and very excited about my free lunch coupon. She was endearing. I left the restaurant with a smile on my face! I get back to work and open the box and...it was the wrong menu item. SNAP. I was so excited. I call back and let them know I was returning to get the correct menu item. When I returned to Zoes So good I came back the next day to get spinach rolls. Which were like spinach pie but in a crispy tortilla style roll served with some tomato based salsa. T'was fabulous!"  but I find it a little pricy for what you get."  quick service. Kinda pricey for the brown bag crowd. Great tea!" The bit of the meal that was unprofessional in the food service industry was a salad core in Sweet D's greens pile.  The price of our meal was $21.00.   I'm thinking the goal of this Mediterranean fast food franchise is a meal for $10.  We'll go back.  After we try more of the eateries at 7th Ave and McDowell." We will definitely be back and I want to try the hummus next time along with some other dishes that looked tasty." Good for a quick dinner. I have never been disappointed with a meal here. Particular favorites include the ""gruben  you can tell exactly what you're eating.  Even the fruit salad looks made fresh daily (and its not your usual melon and cantaloupe mix).  Their menu is healthy to begin with  but I wouldn't run over there to get it. This place does get points for being fairly inexpensive and quick." "Maybe I've just been lucky - I've always had great experiences at Zoe's.  The albacore tuna pita is great "They remembered I ordered the Gruben every time I come here  and their terrific greek dressing. They also have great pasta salad and their chicken roll-ups are fantastic. You absolutely have to get a piece of their chocolate cake as well. It reminds me of my mom's Texas Sheet Cake and it's so good! They also have dinners to go that are amazing." Their greek chicken pita is my favorite lunch dish.  And you need to add some of their house vinegar & oil. It's good to try new things so you know not to go there ever again :)" The Chicken Dinner meal is so good!  I find different friends to go there with since I go often and always get the same meal.  I don't want people to think I'm weird by wanting to eat at the same place w/same meal all the time. I have this catered at work often.  Always fresh and delicious.  I especially enjoy the chicken kabob platter with brown rice and fresh salad with Pita.  Very consistent in taste and quality.   I always wonder why this location is not busier.  It is certainly a well kept secret. I enjoy the chicken salad - very good! Overpriced for what you get.  but I prefer the restaurants around the area though- there is a Habit Burger "I used to not go here anymore because the service was so slow. Decided to give it a shot again a few months ago...and the service still makes for 3 and not a 4 star review. I usually stick to the Greek chicken pita which I've had 3-4 times and it's kind of a hit in miss in terms of how good the chicken is cooked. Sometimes absolutely delicious and other times a little dry. A friend suggested I ask for hummus inside the pita (strange I know) but that really does the trick in terms of having a ""good"" pita there and if only they could improve their service speed so you don't have to wait 20 minutes each time they would get a 4. I almost gave them 4 this time around because a manager approached us as we were having dinner and of course noticed that we had to get up twice to ask if our order was almost ready. She was nice enough to comp our meal and gave us a gift card  veggie kabobs and chicken green salads and was so impressed with the presentation. Delivery and set up was great! The delivery girls did have a spill and 2 veggie kabobs didnt make it but I appreciated that they were honest about it and I was refunded. Zoes had no problem in individually packaging all 110 of my orders. They even brought along some nifty coolers with ice for drinks and all of the necessary paperware/plasticware. They accommodated to my party's needs (chicken and pita bread on sides for vegetarians/gluten free folks). I had the chicken kabob lunch and it was so good! The chicken was flavorful I love Zoe's.  The food is always good and the service is always pleasant.  even during weekday lunch rush when it's a real challenge to find parking and maneuver around the lot without getting hit.  They don't even embarrass me about coming so often and ordering the same exact thing We will be back and hopefully next time we won't have to rush :)" First off AMAZING chocolate cake!! Most of the good is awesome !! But sometimes service is a little slow :-/  but that woman!! She needs to be Gordon Ramsey-ed right in the face!"  nothing spectacular -- oh except for the chocolate cake!  I love that cake and the frosting they put on top which is thin and forms a slight crunchy crust on top.  My only complaint with the cake is that the slices are cut very inconsistently.  So sometimes I get small slices and sometimes I get huge slices."  but I know a lot of people would be very disappointed.  Learn how to do beef better.  I'm sure you've already lost customers with that stuff.  I'll get the chicken next time." Probably won't come back :("  we always like to get their Greek Salad with Grilled Chicken added. It's pretty hearty & we love their Greek Salad Dressing....yummy!  ....Kinda don't like sitting on their hard plastic chairs though.  :(" The food is always good and I Dont feel like I am ever eating bad here. Its always clean and the staff is friendly.  and upon giving me my to-go order I was handed a complementary cookie for the wait. Which that too was absolutely delicious. They are good people over at this location. I will be returning next time I am back on this end of town!" This a great spot.  Get here before the lunch rush or after.  If not parking is a disaster.  The chicken pita pizza is amazing.  It comes with a salad and it is a great deal.  It's my favorite here.  I cannot give it 5 stars due to the debacle that is the parking situation. I like the Zoes franchise and have been to locations all across the country and have never seen a location like this. Take into account the parking is absolutely horrendous and the trip to this Zoes simply isn't worth it." Skip this place and hitup one of the other 30 eateries in a 1 block radius." My husband ordered the chicken salad sandwich. He said it was just all right. Nothing special My first time here. I ordered the GRuben sandwich which was recommended to me by the cashier. it was worth it! Next time I think I would try the kabobs tho. This location seem to have lots of seating. The staff were very accommodating and friendly. Overall it seemed quite clean also. parking seemed to be a bit limited. I would definitely recommend this place and I plan to be back! Their Greek salad with chicken and chicken salad sandwich are amazing! The employees are always very sweet. I almost hate how much I love this place!!  later that afternoon asking me how the food was and was everything how I ordered it and she asked me if I had any feedback. I was so impressed by their professionalism and a company that actually calls you to ask if they met your service standards. YES "I used to go to Zoe's a few years ago but moved. I decided to give it a try when I was in the area. The food is just as good as it used to be. I can t say that for a lot of places. The quality of the food is good. I ordered a chicken pita with slaw. I had a side of pasta salad which had fresh basil "I've been coming to this place for while now and I got to give them credit they are accommodating . they once got my order wrong and just gave me about 40 dollars of extra food. But anyways this is favorite spot on the McDowell and 7 ave food selection area. The food always taste fresh trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw  they always fix any concern that you might have with your meal. And that is suuuuper important!" I love Zoe's but this one specifically was a bust. Floor was a mess as were tables. Was charged differently than other Zoe's. Food took very long to come as we were the only people In the restaurant and it was mediocre at best. No real plates or silverware...it was really kind of lame. Which is disappointing because I love Zoe's. I was planning on meeting some friends here but they must have gone to the other location. I decided to give it a try anyway. A few gluten-free options. I got the greek salad with grilled chicken. It was delicious and decent portion size. It was easy to tell it was very fresh. No iceberg lettuce here! that pimento and cheese sandwich is as good as it gets! 1st time here and very happy with the food and the service. Woman at the counter was very friendly and helpful. She recommended having the sauce that I was uncertain about on the side and offered to get another side if we did not like the rosemary white beans. We liked the beans and the sauce! The food was fast and good. Place not fancy but nice. Love the food. Eat here about once a week. Convenient take out and healthy food options.  the food is delicious. The employees are always in a good mood "This is a great place for lunch.  Everytime we go we always see firefighters and police which means that it is good and cheap!  I found the food very fresh and the hummas was great.  Almost eveyrthing is homemade.  I did try the chicken sandwhich and found the chicken kinda dry *I totally just said ""#2""."   a convenient location for where I was working - myself and colleagues had around fifteen meals here in the space of a week  It should also be mentioned that they have the best Greek salad in town. It's delicious! (just get it without the onions  closed on the weekends. No fun for those of us who live in the area. But other than the short hours  2 super-quick large meals and huge sodas for $15 works for me!" i would certainly be here more...if not for the hours of operation.  this downtown area needs to pick up on the weekends so places like this will have a reason to be open on the weekenders. alas..i don't' think that will happen anytime soon. till then Athenian. i love your lunch."  I always feel safe with all of the cops who eat there!" If you are out and about in the downtown area during the week or Saturday  but no worries since any item offered here would be fulfiiling enough!"  but being that it's so far from home I wouldn't make an un needed trip to dine here."  great prices and the owners wife was undeniable friendly.  Seriously one of the genuinely nicest people I have ever met.   I started out with the Turkey Pita.  Delicious. Yet she urged me to be more creative.   Love it all now including the staff.   There isn't a day where it isn't hussle and bussle in the place Staff is really nice.  We'll be back without a doubt."  which must have suffered a precipitous decline in quality if even Dallas G (and his notoriously low standards) ever liked it." I remember liking this place in my past life. Today  but judging by how delicious they are I don't doubt that everything else is as good. I love that they have a great selection of hot sauce. You walk out fully satisfied and mentally ready to comeback soon. I don't give it 5 stars because it's not flawless. i.e. their iced tea tastes like water... So go with the soda Instead and you're good. Oh and the lady that runs the place is just lovely."  you won't find a better lunch experience - tasty food and friendly atmosphere. Stacy & George treat you like family (extra points if you're a Cubs/Bears/Bulls/Blackhawks fan - in that order)"  and pretty much just seemed like something I'd find in my cafeteria at work. The quality was crap and it was $6.45. I could go to Cyprus Pita Grill and get a really good gyros for the same money." I didn't want to give it too many stars because 1. my side of potato salad was room temperature and scary and 2. to be fair  so it seemed appropriate to hang out and watch the ""exciting"" 0-0 match-up. If we can get some fountain sodas up in there Great for hangovers during the world cup.  Quite tasty but nowhere near the best.  I won't go back. I'm going to stick to George's Famous Gyros on McKellips in Tempe where not only are they not Cubs fans but they use real gyro meat." ***Parking*** I found it super easy to park on the East side of Central on Garfield and pop a quarter in the meter to just walk across  it is definately my #1 pick!  She gets the steak or chicken picado and I always get the veggi pita.  I crave this place.  I wish there were more locations!"  but kind of hard to get to because its right next to the light rail.  The price is good too.  Will definitely go back as it looks like they have a good selection of greek and Chicago style items."  but it also wasn't good.  Come here if you like enormous portions of alright food for not too much money."  so-so the next lunch trip.  The tzaki was a highlight.   My friend got the vegetarian pita and fresh fruit--she loved it and the fruit was fresh and the serving really good for a side.  We got there a bit before noon and had no problem ordering The only complaint is that it can be pretty slow sometimes but the food makes up for it!" "I love this place. I'm so glad I finally stopped in. Huge seating area. Great prices. Huge portions. I got a gyro with feta and it was darn good. Was it the best gyro in town? No. But it was very respectable. The pita bread had a nice chewy crustiness to it. The meat was seasoned and moist glad there is Greek food spot close to my job since it is not that common in this area  and the potato salad it came with seemed to be made with lots and lots of mustard and very little mayonnaise. The service was friendly and I will probably return to try something else as I saw they have breakfast specials but it has not become my most beloved of places."  i.e. 3 pm.  However they have a very interesting take on Greek food and they aren't too pricey.  Definitely worth trying and worth the occasional lunch trip.  Also parking can be tricky to find  it would be to open for dinner and fix your soda fountain. But I am one happy customer! Lightrail accessible and parking in rear." I'll be back and I'm looking forward to trying many more menu items." Never get enough of the Gyro!" "This place it hit or miss for me. I have always ordered the feta gyro and either fries or a small Greek salad. Why is the soda machine always broken? Makes me wonder what else is broken and not fixed in the kitchen. I ate here for the 5th or 6th time on Thursday. The gyro is excellent "My favorite lunch spot. Fresh food Food is fresh and delicious. Atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming. I loved it.  heavier on the green bell peppers.  Will try another sandwich if I come back." Big plus for me was the huge hot sauce selection." **One key thing to note: I do not recommend adding chicken to your salad.  It's not the greatest quality chicken.  If you do go here "I LOVE Athenian Express. The vegetarian pita with hummus is SOOOO good!! There are tons of vegetarian options This place is awesome when you want good food and dont have much time. When I am in a pinch I will order the falafel to go. It is filling and yummy!  I have also had the gyro and side salad on previous visits. Highly recommended!! try king gyros on 43rd/tbird. little out of the way My baby turned me on to this place.  I love it so much. Such a good place to eat "The best lunch in Downtown Phoenix. I always get the gyro picado with feta cheese. But great salads the offer a healthy Having gotten delivery from here a few times when I worked downtown I found that they had a diverse menu and prices where reasonable for the amount of food you got. The Gyro's where good but the Stuffed Avocado was EPIC. It is my go to item here.  it's one of the best options at my office. I have never been super impressed - but I've never been disappointed  but the food is definitely yum and fresh. The Greek salad and hummus are my favorite. Oh and the cashiers are very very nice!!"  but the food is pretty average. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here LOVE this place! I eat here on a monthly basis and always have great services and food. It's affordable and quick! Definitely worth checking this place out! The vegetarian pita with hummus is really good. They sautee the vegetables and always put plenty of hummus on the pita. I always get a side of fruit with it because the fruit is always fresh and a good selection. Most places just do melons for fruit cups  I stopped in this place today for lunch (to-go might I add) and ended up waiting almost 40 mins for chicken souvlaki and fries...I told them my lunch was over by the time they handed me my to-go bag no apology  but I always enjoy the food.  Try ordering the hummus too!  I just wish they stayed open late at night."  bland and the restaurant has the decor of a double-wide. Never again 2 stars because the service was wonderful and I saw a salad that I wished I had ordered....." "This place is great! Use to eat at it maybe 4 times a week! I use to work at the record store next door and me and the guys would always order breakfast & lunch. George Service is the best. Everyone is super friendly. Love love love the Authentic Greek Salad..... The veggies are just so fresh and the feta is so creamy!!! One of the best lunch places downtown. I love the quirkiness of the restaurant. The only reason it is not five stars is the bread is usually hard around the edges.  But don't let that keep you away..... When I want to go Greek I go to Athenian Express!!!!! This place is totes amazeballs. I love everything from the hummus to the falafel...they have patio seating so I prefer to go to the restaurant and sit outside. Very CA casual and peaceful. Def make a point to visit. I recommend Athenians Express! :)" "Athenian Cafe (nee Express) is now closed until further notice. This is really a shame as it was my go-to place "The space formerly occupied by Athenian Express is for lease. Barring divine intervention  as Med House is in the same strip mall at Richardson's and Dick's Hideaway.  Best bet is to park in the back and enter through the back door." An excellent Greek restaurant... with the proviso that one has to favor Greek spices and herbs."  as the strip mall where they're located may be seeing some major changes. The building owner has told tenants he'll not be guaranteeing any leases  Lentil Soup and then move on to the stuffed grape leaves or Egyptian Plate.  I also like the Falafal pita." i dont recommend this place at all. lots of choices in the area." I will try to go there before their doors are shut for good. :("  but the entertainment is worth the trip.  They have a great band that plays for a long time and a good belly dancer that brings people out to dance with her.  The owner is very enthusiastic and he dances as well.  You get to break plates (you have to pay for them I seem to remember someone dancing like the Ally McBeal baby....hahahaha...."  but from what I recall it was all good.   The owner treated us all like family and made us all very welcome.   They also worked exceptionally well with our company in advance of the event and customize the evening to our group.  If you go  spirited and the food was very good.  I definitely suggest this place." "This place is a blast for entertainment. You feel like you have crashed a greek wedding. I think the next time I go  I would suggest reservations and some social lubricant in the parking lot before entering This place is great for a big group of people. We originally thought we were going to have 6 people. We ended up having 11 by the time everyone showed up. The staff was more than happy to accommodate us. The Kota Athenian chicken is very good. The price range is moderate. All in all a fantastic place.  but I don't think anyone was blown away by the food. The same strange lazy-eyed Greek gentleman shook everyones hand on the way out. That was nice  is very excited that you come to his restaurant  attentive without being obtrusive.  And the owner thanked us as we left.  Seems like it could definitely be a fun place while there's entertainment...hmmm  you might not enjoy the food here (Greek Lasagna?....really?) Also t54zAs7IftAVb9SKcCRotw   I love greek food and this place did not disappoint.  Not only was the food great but it felt like we were invited to a family party rather than eating at a restaurant.  Loved the music and the dancing and how everyone was included.  My 11 year old was invited to dance more than once and she had a great time.  I highly recommend going for a late dinner and staying for the entertainment.  Be willing to join in and you will have a blast!" Now I know why no one has ever mentioned this place to me _in my entire life_. Some places are better left undiscovered." so what if the food is just ok?  there is just too much fun to be had here." On Friday and Saturday they have special performances of Folk dancing and traditional Shoe dancing. And of course belly dancing!"  then don't go here.  If you want to be transported out of the heat exhausted norm of Phoenix Would I go back? Absolutely. But next time All and all we had a more than great time. Thank you so much to George and Taso for making it fab  you should maybe re-evaluate your definition of ""good time"". That is all." Bacchanal must be greek for spectacular. t54zAs7IftAVb9SKcCRotw  and BREAK SOME PLATES  go here!!!  The belly dancers got a lot of people active in the dancing! OPA!"  greek dancing.....bare foot dancing ;) and break plates .......truely the best time I've had in a while. Check it out!!!! :)" I'm seriously disappointed and sad that a place I would once have given 5 stars is now barely worthy of 1." So fun and so yummy!  We had a blast with our big group and the food was fantastic. f-_7wdkiXOc9TEfa4ZJEwA I plan on returning. Feel free to join me. We can learn how to bellydance our bellies full of lamb together."  but we were here for the food and entertainment.  It's definitely here on  a Saturday.  Were were promptly seated ordered some Greek white wine and the saganaki.  Both were very good.  We then decided to order our entrees and our waitress was fun and playful.  While we waited  we were litterally the-only-people-there. As we were leaving another group came in to eat. Seems like everyone already got the message that there are better options for greek / mediterranean." GAEHo1uslNOouKy5k_v3tg KLaxBc83JnxyGf7GP7enYA  who am I to argue - either with my friends or with my mouth???" KLaxBc83JnxyGf7GP7enYA  along with my hopes that the owner will read this review and improve the restaurant."  but just went for the first time last week as a default when we discovered that the Big Fat whatchamacallit place across the street had closed. What a nice surprise. The staff was very friendly although they hovered a bit too much for my liking. The food was spectacular My favorite Greek restaurant in town. A true authentic Greek bar. The owner personally greets all patrons. She is wonderful. The bar is truly Mediterranean. Don't pass up the rotisseries. They all rock.  that the GreekFest was indeed great.  But its day has come and gone and its legendary service and cuisine is all but a page of mythology.  I was extremely disappointed.  I am only giving two stars because the server was ok and the setting and music was so authentic.  I can only beg the Marvrides to consider a return themselves to their heritage of excellence that seems now so far away."  the lamb...all excellent. The mixed dip appetizer is a work of art that includes all your favorites including dolmades to die for. My favorite is the fried smelts - which are cooked to perfection - but they are not available in every season. Everything with lamb is spectacular. The lamb meatballs have an intricate yet overwhelming taste that reminds me of that old saying...there are two kinds of people in the world  old world European and exceptionally clean and organized. I will be back!" I'm crossing them out." The atmosphere was great and the staff was helpful but they need to rework the kitchen if they want to stay in business." This will be a regular stop for us whenever we're in Phoenix."  yet not too.  I'd love service like this everywhere."  over priced. Service is totally crap. The parking lot  looks like a place one could get raped in. If you're handicapped you are screwed one parking space for the whole building. Pot holes everywhere "The decor of Greekfest was great and really gave the feeling of being in a restaurant on one of the Greek islands.  We had the Spanakopites and Arnopites for appetizers and they were wonderful.  Then for dinner we had the Ravioli dish and the stuffed chicken breast dish and they too were out of this world.  Then for dessert "We've now been to Greekfest a half dozen times. Basically any time we go through Phoenix. The food is authentic and everything is homemade. The place is a bit pricey Greekfest is truly the best!"  and delicious food!  I enjoyed a sampling of a few different mezes and a greek salad - just wonderful!"  unfortunately very overpriced.  Difficult to enjoy a proper meal for under $100 for two people.  We may be back I'm already looking forward to next year...." Loved this place! I had the calamari and came with rice and eggplant slice. Very delicious and the waiter did a great job! There is a difference between authentic and antiquated and unfortunately this is the latter. The food was ok but spending HOURS on a weeknight waiting for food in an empty restaurant in the most uncomfortable chair I've ever sat in was not a pleasant experience. (Also have lots of gluten free choices - do you know how hard it is to find an upscale restaurant that's mostly gluten free?)  Love it!" Our waiter was very attententive and made us feel special!  Thank you for a lovely evening and we're so happy we chose Greekfest for our celebration!"  ask for a bag of kourabedis before you leave ;)." This is a must try when you are looking for your Greek fix. The sampler appetizer is great. I had one of the casseroles and it had huge chunks of Lamb that were tender and tasty. The server was extremely helpful and never let a water glass go empty. A very positive experience. "We love Greek food and have eaten it all over the world - including Greece....  This wasn't all that impressive.  First clue should have been that the place was virtually empty on a Saturday night....  Calamari was mediocre - definitely had much better elsewhere.  We can make Tzatziki that is equivalent or better in quality.  Moussaka was a huge disappointment - dry "Sooooo good! Here on business. I had the lamb and it was great. Their roasted eggplant is very good. Their rice pilaf is very good too  but no! the first thing we noticed was the disgusting bitter taste and then we took a closer look at the cake. right away we realized the cake was moldy! and I don't mean a little moldy - it was chock-FULL of green mold!!! of course we had already taken a bite because we were not expecting that Had a really nice dinner. The shrimps were amazing! Z's is better and cheaper _LsbT_uW0UE6rhsWiAIrsg Very authentic Greek food and ambience. The owner came and chatted with us for a while. "The best Greek food this side of Greece... enough said about food! The Waiter Dwayne gave exceptional service! I even personally met the owners  was extremely touhcy feely and overly attentive. When we arrived there was not a soul to be found in this restaurant. When I asked what certain things were on the menu The only drawback I could envision for this restaurant is it's tucked away from the road. We had trouble finding it I love this place. Easily the best and most authentic Greek food in Phoenix. Their best dish is the arni(lamb shank) but you have to call ahead and request it. Every time I come I feel like I am back in the village in Greece! My friend Christos from Thessalonika (Greece) took my friends and I here when he was in town and ordered half the menu items. It was fantastic. Christos said it's the best Greek food in the city. Fantastic service and tasty food. We loved it so much we're going back soon. Best greek restaurant in Phoenix. Ambiance was unique and authentic. Pita yum. Yogurt yum. Made for a wonderful meal.  Greekfest is an ethnic experience.  Marathon lengths have been overcome to solidify Greek authenticity.  The owner ensures a personal experience by often stepping from the kitchen to visit guest at their table; educating about the Greek experience or just making sure everyone is happy.  The saganaki is made with kefalograviera cheese which is what was originally intended; also offering an exclusive sausage saganaki.  Directly importing ouzo from Greece these labels will not be found at Total Wine or BevMo.  Avgolemono soup; if you can't pronounce it "Fellow Yelp reviews and close proximity lead us to choose the restaurant for dinner a few nights back. The service was phenomenal  as the Health Dept is adamant about no dogs other than genuine service dogs in a food establishment - it was necessary to determine that the server had the correct information.. Your server was not a maitre d'hotel and as there have been language barriers that resulted in miscommunication in the past it was important to ensure there was no misunderstanding. There were other issues that unfortunately you were not aware of. We have had many "This is the best Greek restaurant we have found in the area.  Just a warning that the menu on Yelp is not accurate.  We specifically came here because the menu (on Yelp) showed that they had Kolokithakia Skordalia (which no other Greek restaurants in the area seem to have).  However  four or fourteen. Support this local restaurant instead of a national chain - taste the difference!" I don't know how this is the best Greek in Phoenix.   This place is horrid.  I'm so use to fantastic Greek food in Chicago.   Everything didn't taste like it should.   Will not be coming back here.  Ever!  Don't wast your time. We were very disappointed with that- so restaurant goers BEWARE."  however. My companion got a salad with smoked salmon and she didn't enjoy it at all and told the server she didn't like it and he said well that was the description on the menu... and did not offer her anything else or take the uneaten salad off the bill. Our drinks ran dry and the service was terrible.  I will not be back. Across the street is a place called cyprus grill This place is great... Love the food and service!! I have been here quite a few times and every time is delicious!  you're treated like family.  The decor is wonderful I wanted to take a shopping bag of various items to decorate my place!  Food is great "Good food & nice people. Pretty good selection & variety as far as menu. I've also been told that it is quite authentic. Although Expensive but amazing food! The portions were small so those who shared a dish didn't get a decent size meal like you would at other places.  entrees and desserts and everything was great (okay the shrimp might have been slightly over).  organized and beautifully white with beautiful dinner ware set on every table. I will plan on bringing my family in on my next visit to Phoenix. I wish I lived in town because I would come in on the weekends for sure." EXTREMELY  DISAPPOINTED! !!" Wow out the door for 20 dollars. Definitely won't be back." When I was there they were not very busy for lunch. Service was very quick and friendly. Every time I went there to eat the owner came out to make sure everything was good."  I have dined in many of this countries most acclaimed restaurants. I LOVE this place. It is like dining in the home of friends. Tony and Susan pour their hearts and souls into every aspect of this establishment. The rack of lamb I had last night was simply the best ever. Great service waiters were wonderful and kept us laughing the whole meal. We will definitely be back the next time we are in Phoenix." UPDATE: I've upped to to 5 stars. Today I tried their white peach sangria. Yes P.S. I want to dedicate this review to my friend Tod. No one could put away a Dr. Pepper like my friend Tod. Here's lookin' at you big guy...I love you!" as a sit-down dinner place it doesn't compare to pita jungle." I have to add that I have eaten the souvlaki dishes at Evvia in the California Bay Area (the sister restaurant to Kokkari Estiatorio  and the service is pleasant. The lamb on my gyro plate was tender and scrumptious and I regret I didn't order any appetizers. A neighboring table was ordering all appetizers instead of entrees and they looked wonderful. Three of us sated ourselves for a mere $45 and resolved to stop by more often."  oh no... not at all. Iceberg lettuce has no nutritional value at all. Fattoush and a few other places serve good lettuce. So yeah  you can't beat it!  I actually like the fact that it's served on a traditional pita (taco style) I'm looking forward to going back and stuffing myself on more fries!" "I tried this place for the first time since I have been working in the area for 6 months.  Loved it!  I got the special  veggie plate and greek salad. They were all really good and the price is definitely right. i will definitely be back here again!" A quaint restaurant with excellent food in a nice part of Phoenix makes Cyprus Pita Grill well worth the visit."  tasty Greek food served well in a nice environment. Staff is friendly and skilled... they know their custom menu. I got the Gyro pita with Greek Fries... my fav. I have yet to order a bad thing from their menu." Glad to see stable something in Town & Country."  but Cyprus Grill is just OK. The food is better than the service which isn't saying much. I was there yesterday and they screwed up my takeout order and I had to return to get the right food. When it was all said and done they did give me the correct food and let me keep the wrong food but did not try to comp me a meal or dessert. I probably won't go back."  & the prices are reasonable.  Come here hungry!"  a zesty lemon drizzle with feta cheese crumbles over fries.  I had a gyro salad which was the greek salad with slices of gyro meat.  I should have asked for taziki to go with my salad it needed an extra little something.   Would I go back ...maybe if I was in the area again.  Would I go out of my way to go there...ehh...probably not." Went here with my sis today she never wants to go to FEZ ::sigh:: I had the falafel pita and she had the ceaser one. I had the passion fruit tee yummmmm I almost walked out with the glass I didnt want to put it down it was so good. Our pita's came out hekka quick the giant falafel balls were ok maybe a bit hard and dry in the center but pretty tasty. My sisters chicken was a tad burnt around the edges but she ate it all anyway! Next time I want to try the homemade sangria it sounded lovely! The BEST chicken souvlaki I've ever had!!!  GREAT PLACE and very quick!  salads are always fresh tasting. We must eat there 5 or 6 times  a year and never had a bad meal or bad service."  friendly and we always get fast and fresh food.  I love the salads and pita sandwiches with fresh chopped cucumber and tomato!  The tzatsiki sauce is ridiculously good and I could happily pour it over everything and eat entirely too much pita with it!  And Also Lisa I think we spotted you there sitting outside. not sure it was you since you where sitting behind me and next to some folks with their dog."  they were nothing less than awesome. A Lemony kick with a smattering of feta...so good. we will definitely go back!" I'll definitely be back!" The only reason that Cyprus Pita does not get the five star rating is that this is all that I have one the menu.  I have had a few other menu items  at least come check out the chicks. Just kidding- they are actually a nice crew of people."  friendly service. Great food. I'll be back....even if they aren't serving the mushroom brie bisque that day. But it would DEFINITELY help."  the last two times I've been in we have been waited on by girls.  What happened to the Greek Gods?  Minus a star for that!"  but once you have had a really good gyro (like the ones at Haji-Baba) this one just doesn't quite make the grade."  have never had any problems (including the time I spilled a whole glass of water on the table/floor). The atmosphere is ok  drinks are at a soda fountain and self serve. There is siracha sauce available to spice up your meal."  and most of them were solo diners.  I grabbed a seat - although they do have a counter you can order take out from.  I ordered a portobello pita with hummus and a side of fries.  With a drink it came to under $10!  The pita was delicious and the fries were nice and crispy.  I think this just might be my favorite place I've eaten in Phoenix so far!" Great place for lunch.  Reasonable price and food is always good.  I love the Chicken savoualki...I think that how you say it.  All of us from our office order food from this place.  we just love the food! great place for lunch.  Good food and fresh.  Love the chicken souvalki....:)  light a candle and turn on your decorative outdoor lights. Some of us like to see what we eat!. Still 5 stars!" You can't go wrong at all! Guaranteed to hit the spot!" I love this place I eat here 2 to 3 times a week! great prices and love the owner! day shift is friendlier the the night shift...go for lunch. "Okay I finally ate on site. Service was beyond fast..every table that sat near us including ourselves.. exclaimed ""wow that was fast"" when the food came. Im talking not even a 15 minute wait. I had the grilled chicken pita and it was delicious...pita was fluffy and doughy and chicken as grilled to perfection. Greek Fries are a must have.. you will eat them first before you even get to your pita they're that good. Its delicious  another great Greek meal and well worth the solid price you pay for it." So glad to have this place as a dining option in my area - doesn't cost much more than fast food and is SO much tastier!" I ate at Cyprus Grill last night. I have not eaten here for a while due to service. For years the food is always great but the service was not warm and friendly. However I did take out this time. The lady who took my order was very friendly. She was the same person who rang up my order when I picked it up. She was very pleasant and friendly in person as well. I ordered the Chicken Souvlaki Pita. It was fresh and ooooh soooo Yummy. I really have always been impressed with the food. The restaurant was packed and the patrons seemed happy. You can't beat good Greek food that has great pricing.... It was just enough food and really hit the spot.  If I lived here I'd love to come back for another meal. I loved the open air setting Rg3INE2p4zQYvfMvJduEOQ "A favorite everytime I am in town...lemony feta fries are AWESOME.  Gyro salad never disappoints.  I highly recommend this place for fresh  and the hummus which I generally adore wasn't awesome.  I think it was home made but it didn't have enough olive oil or tahini.  If I can't get good hummus I might as well eat at the Arby's next door Thanks to everyone at Cyprus" So if you're in the mood for a little citrus zest with your meal This location and the one in Tempe (now known as Oliveo...owners falling out or something) are both fantastic.  However Also try the greek calamari.  Unusually delicious!"  moist and flavorful. The rice was delicious and the tzatziki sauce was refreshing. We decided that we'd be going back for future lunch dates whenever possible. Besides This place is great. Hummus is really yummy and comes with plenty of pita. The boy gets a chicken caesar pita wrap that I always like to steal bites of. We like Maggie!  but as far as I'm concerned Cyprus Grill does it as well as anyone. The Spartan Club (a massive pita sandwich stacked with gyro toppings Cheaper Greek food than My Big Fat and tastier. Recommend the Greek fries (feta and lemon juice) and the Spartan club. Nice patio seating too. One of my favorite places in the area. Awesome Greek fries!!! Anybody who loves greek flavors must try them! Greek fries are a must and my husband loves the gyro pita and I love the chicken souvlaki pita." "Cypress Pita is a nice Greek restaurant tucked into the Town & Country retail area. First off the Service was very nice and attentive. The food was good  I'll come back for a quick lunch and order a large greek salad topped with something ($12).  Just too many amazing dining opportunities in Phoenix." Next time I eat here I think I'm going to stick with the Gyro since it was so tasty." "This little place is Deeeelightful! The falafel is truly homemade and the gyros have cucumber! Loved the flavored fries as well  and the meat is generally a bit overcooked but still seasoned well. My husband is on a strict gluten-free diet and has no trouble eating here." ""YOU"" is both a singular AND plural word.  ""You all"" would be OK; ditto ""you folks.""  But 86 ""you guys"" --or worse "My dining buddy and I had an early-evening meal here last Friday on a Groupon 3-course-dinner coupon and could not have been treated better.  We had helpful "Our family stopped here on a whim to get a snack and ordered greek fries and bruschetta. Both were generous portions and good values and so delicious we were looking forward to visiting again before finishing our food. The service was friendly Hey Cyprus Grill.  Fix your website.  It says you're open until 10 on Sunday.  We decided at 8 to hit you for dinner only to discover you close at 8:30 on Sundays.  Not cool. "I am SERIOUSLY ADDICTED to the Greek fries.  I go most weekends and eat at Cyprus Grill before I do my grocery shopping @ Trader Joe's.  Service is low-key I ordered the gyro pita with a side Greek salad and my husband had the spartan club with a side of the Greek fries. Both dishes were very tasty but the Greek fries were amazing!! The Greek fries have feta and Parmesan cheeses drizzled with lemon olive oil and then topped with paprika and oregano...so good...we will be back!!"  but the waitresses were inattentive. No ambiance. Good green tea. They tried to commit our order to memory Rg3INE2p4zQYvfMvJduEOQ Rg3INE2p4zQYvfMvJduEOQ One of my favorite places to eat in this area of town. food is great people are nice.  I seem to like the Spartan club most and like going with someone so I have room for a few Greek fries. :)  the drinks come in these huge glasses. I mean HUGE. and the service was excellent. 5 stars worth. Only manned by one girl  just kind of left us standing there awkwardly after she handed us the reciept. The food was very overpriced for what you get (got the felafel dinner) and the felafel was very dry. Don't go here!" I hope everyone enjoys this place as much as I did."  nice patio. If you are in the mood for Greek you can't go wrong. Noteworthy: hummus The very best thing though is the service. The girls are all so sweet!" "This is a lovely place! The food is tasty and reasonably-priced  chicken and gyros were fantastic!"  I have become a huge fan of this place!  They have the best Chicken walnut salad and calamari.  The service is ALWAYS amazing!  My favorite healthy treat after a workout." Happy Yelping Phoenix!" "Always a great place to dine at. Great food "Great restaurant! From the food to service Cypress Grill is one of my favorite places to eat. Date night YUMMY! Nothing fancy but some really good Greek food!  but I'll stick with Z's Greek down the road." "My husband and I love this place! We use it as our standard for Greek cuisine. We have brought friends and family with us many times and they always have great feedback. Go with an appetite they also have a location in Chandler. just as good but with a bar." "This is hands-down my favorite Greek place in Phoenix. Came here about a year ago because they offered a deal online and have kept coming back ever since. Definitely try the hummus.. I'm usually so full from the hummus I end up taking my entree home! I've tried the gyro pita  though the folks are nice. Parking is a royal pain right now due to the construction of the new Whole Foods at the other end of the parking lot." "I've eaten here a couple of times and the service has always been friendly and the food quite good. My only suggestion for them would be to make the falafel less dense; other than that   Tzatziki sauce is really good. We've always enjoyed the pita and hummus appetizer.  Wait staff very friendly and efficient.  Outdoor seating in nice weather is always a plus." The spinach and artichoke dip is AMAZING!  I think the best I've ever had!  I got the lamb gyro - I wish I had gotten the falafel though." 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT!" And the girls who are usually at the counter are always sweet and gracious.  As if the hot az weather + lunch traffic doesn't make me want to punch babies already... it's just a nice change :)"  but because I don't pass this part of the mall I would have never realized that it was here." One of my favorite places for Greek good. Chicken pita sandwich is delicious! I'm in love with the their Greek fries! The Greek fries are good. Ripe salad was ok. Veg wrap was a oversized tortilla with bigmac sauce and a 1/4 cup of veggies. Gyro pita was dry so tried to cover up with taziki sauce but it wasn't that good and kind of thick. "The wait staff was excellent. They accommodated special requests beautifully. The Greek Salad was excellent  and entree came to $23. Not bad - but if the Middle Eastern Bakery is open down the street Overall it's a great little restaurant! There's plenty of outdoor seating and the prices are very reasonable. I can't wait to go back!"  knowledgeable server. The added plus for those of us visiting from the Northeast in March is the ability to dine al fresco!" Worst service I've ever experienced. Called my order in 20min ahead and had to wait another 30min after I got there till my fries and pita were ready and there was no one else in the restaurant not a single person. It happened once and I thought it was a fluke but this is now the second time. Staff is incompetent and rude. The cooks just seemed to be hanging out and flirting with the server. I ordered pesto fries and they were out of pesto which they should have told me when I placed my order by phone instead of making me drive there to find out. Terrible I will never go there again which is sad because they're pesto fries are great but their service is so terrible I can't imagine going back and dealing with them. Service is everything and cypress grill is a prime example of losing business over service alone. I'm telling everyone I know and they have already stopped going because they are experiencing the same lack of professionalism and service. Rg3INE2p4zQYvfMvJduEOQ Fabulous! Fresh! Fast! Clean! Best French Fries in the valley!!!! Lemon Feta Fries mind you!!!!! "A ""Cypriot"" grill that excludes halloumi from the menu cannot be run by Cypriots..!! I was very sadly disappointed. This establishment would be short-lived in Cyprus." This place is always great. I think it's weird they charge $1 per dolma since that's actually really expensive but the food here is always delish. Usually get the gyro plate or gyro sandwich. Gyro plate is definitely enough for 2 people. Greek fries are bomb dot com. The service was speedy and they were accommodating despite it being during the busy lunch rush on a weekday."  also comes in a wrap. The only thing I would have to say is that the sauce was only on the back half of the pita which made for a dry sandwich at the beginning. Overall it was good and I would recommend it."  fries both regular and greek came out brown and well done. Everything was bland. Greek salad tasted like nothing.  Calamari fried in old oil as well. Gyro sandwich was bland too. Beer selection limited. I'm not sure how this place is still running? Service was outstanding but we will never go back." Mediocre food. The staff also has no idea what the hours are. Yelp and their website says they are open until 10pm but I was just turned away at 8:45 because they just closed. Avoid.  and acceptable avgolemono (chicken lemon rice soup).  Their pitas are great - soft and fluffy.  But nothing on the menu is stand-out.  I'd recommend it for a quick and satisfying weekday lunch at reasonable prices Price: 20 bucks got two gyros and pesto fries. Me and tony are like kings. We sat down but it was fast enough to get it to go." Greek fries good stuff" Rg3INE2p4zQYvfMvJduEOQ Was craving a gyro and decided to give this place a try. Had a couple gyro sandwiches and Greek fries (I was starving don't judge me) the fries were good not as good as everybody on yelp was saying but good. The sandwiches were pretty damn good. The servers were nice and it was fast. I'd definitely go back  they were closed an hour early with employees outside drinking. Not impressed." "Ordered the Pork Souvlaki and Greek Fries and was not disappointed. Big thick chunks of pork with tons of fresh vegetables wrapped in an above average pita. The Greek Fries were very good  baked kasseri cheese flamed with brandy and the seafood entree's which I must return to try. I noticed that Frank was equally personable with them and when he left the room the lady gushed over their food and whispered across to me  it doesn't look like it's going anywhere anytime soon.  I'll be back - maybe even to try their catering services." Tried this place the other day and the food here is very delicious. It's around the corner from my house. Another mom and pop business that we should be supporting. Service was superb and the food is great ! I must now admit my shame... shame that I have lived here since 2001 and am just now patroning this establishment.  Please don't make the same mistake I did - you know you have driven by and glanced at their sign  nice guy as well but can he master greek food? I asked what they are known for which was the lamb dish so i wanted to try it but they didnt have it available. And the asian guy is the only one here cooking and taking orders. The cheese dish was brought out in flame (looked cool) but when we ate it you can taste the alcohol he used to make the flame  which many restaurants seem not to be able to manage.  The only downside to this place is that I guess I won't scare vampires off at night after eating here (see my previous review of Eden's Garlic Grill if you are looking to keep the vampires away)  I was running short on time anyway so I just ordered a Greek salad and tzatziki. Cost less than I expected and it was ready quickly. Got back to my office and did not realize that the Greek salad was the size of a small house - only ate about half of it  gyro pitas with fries and a small greek salad. The hummus was pretty good and I like the pita brea. The gyro was pretty big and was good. They have very good tsziki sauce  you get good food and it won't break the bank and leave your dining out budget depleted till your next paycheck so worth a try."  freshest salads here for lunch. It's a bit pricey for going here too often so I save it for when I really just need a nice salad. The pitas are the best too! The owners are super nice and get to know you personally. It's a good place for a date." "This little place is gold! I visit this quaint little restaurant at least once a week and am satisfied for days. Quality ingredients is key to this restaurant. The meat CLOSED!! :( So sad this great little place is closed. Ambience and service is amazing."  hands down.  One word to describe this place: lovely.  The outdoor seating area with a heated brick patio is a dream on a brisk desert night.  I could go on and on and on about this place but all I will say is that you must go if you are in AZ and looking for an evening that is simply divine." Check it out... you will not be disappointed."  birthdays.  The food is excellent and the service is always superb.   What I love about the Royal Palms and T Cooks is the outdoor seating areas.  In the winter time it is great because they have these nooks with fireplaces and seating so you can have drinks by the fire." So there is absolutely nothing here I would eat.  No reason to return Dinner wasn't so great - I wouldn't recommend. The dishes were too strongly flavored for the ingredients. I had a mushroom soup that I couldn't finish - it was way to intense.  Also had a monkfish wrapped with bacon which is normally a great combo but I'm not sure what oil they fry with or what amount they used  and all of the food was delicious."  and an introductory course in pricing strategy at a respectable business school.  If you're going to push a premium price  it's a crap shoot whether or not I'll ever have that again. I like it because since I'm so not into dressing up for dinner unless I have a super hot date  and boring.  I felt bad because I felt I was cheating the people I was with out of a great first fine dining experience.  This place was seriously nothing special.  The service really saved a bad meal.  Now the desserts.  I had heard of the pastry chef before and was excited to see what he had to offer.  We ordered every dessert on his menu besides the cheese tasting.  I don't know about y'all but I am sick of seeing creme brulee on menus!!!  When I saw that he had CB on the menu I was already disappointed.  Creme Brulee is such a cop out!  I will say that the dessert plate ups were nice.  He did a lot of sugar work and interesting tuille cookie shapes.  Overall I wish I could give this place a 2.5 for their service only.  Way overrated according to the reviewers and a little out dated....." I have yet to stay here (Royal Palms hotel) - but it is definitely on my list of 1001 things to do before I expire." It's not someplace I would *ever* consider not planning for; it's a lot of money and it's not just dinner; it's a commitment to an evening where you just concentrate on the food and the company you keep." T. Cook's also has the Delos Room for private dining.  This would be a fabulous place for an intimate dinner with up to 12 friends.  What a great place for a milestone birthday or anniversary celebration."  this place is a sure fire closer!  If you can't close here...just go home and stop dating altogether." fVgrpVyp-nPLTac9YIjTug The clientele here was 1. older 2. women.  A cute place to go with your family.  Also a cute place to go with the girls for lunch.  There's a little smoking room to the side Service was great. We highly recommend sitting out on the patio. It's like a little oasis."  we made T Cook's our anniversary dinner. So we'll keep going back to TRP for the fireplaces and cocktails It will continue to be on my list of must visits when I'm in PHX!"  he was not very prompt in bringing out our drinks and taking our orders.  It was a good thing we were enjoying each other's company or that would of made it worse.  Most of us at the table ordered their eggs benedict which was very good.  Small homemade biscuits with a pesto sauce on it and the hollandaise had a tomato and red pepper flavor.. yum!  It also came with some roasted potatoes.. That dish was only 11.50 and for the place and was inexpensive."  but staff completely misinformed us about the price of the buffet; it was Way pricier than i thought...bad service"""  and ambiance - you cannot go wrong at T Cooks / Royal Palms!" All this delicious food while enjoying the lovely tunes coming from the piano next to the bar.  I can see why Gabi and Jared are regulars!" Just took my girlfriend here for her birthday and it was great!  The staff really took good care of us and made it a very special night.  The food was great and the hotel bar was a great place for drink afterwards.  sleek and mysterious. They usually have a live piano player at night. I seriously could come here weekly for just the calamari and architecture-it's like you're in another world besides the AZ desert. It's become my escape to mini paradise." Very good restaurant all around. Also good people watching for out of towners :)" Anyone up for a burger?"  atmosphere and food I've had in Phoenix (outside of Lon's at the Hermosa) in quite some time.  Excellent wine selection.  The specials offered something traditional but also creative.  Recommend the pate appetizer and squash soup for a start.  I ate a filet mignon cooked perfectly but I know their paella is also acclaimed.  Decor is intimate I'm definitely coming back next time I'm in town." As I mentioned above as long as we can take advantage of the 3 courses for $40 we will back again. There is so much more of the menu we want to try." "Good place for a very nice dinner.  We went for an anniversary and they really impressed us!  Guys But we won't wait three more years to swing by T Cook's again...they are just too good and right in the hood:)" fVgrpVyp-nPLTac9YIjTug I recommend T. Cooks without reservation. I'm already looking forward to my birthday brunch there!"  food and service were all 5 star. There was even a guitar player inside the restaurant which is also very beautiful."  and watch them park it in-between a next years model Ferrari and a Bentley. Entertaining to me. :)  We walk through a very charming little place to T. Cook's and enjoyed a nice meal.  Service and the atmosphere were great.  The food however was just ok.  For the price  but we are so glad to have experienced T Cook's.  Based on glowing reviews of food savvy friends who loved T. Cook's when they lived in Scottsdale for a few months  both indoors and out is charming. The food was great and we had the best paella since visiting Spain.  Chef Lee treated us royally. We can't wait to get back to Phoenix to return to T. Cook's."  and the service...wow the service....makes you feel like royalty!" House chocolates a delight.  Then an easy progression to the lounge. The lounge was enjoyable for an after dinner drink and provides an ambiance  not widely available in Phoenix.  Service is impeccable and the servers are dressed as professionals.  Comfortable seating and live music provided a nice jive to T Cook's.  Thank you for the relaxing experience!" We finished by sharing a couple of desserts and the one I chose was the Florale. It was made with lychee mousse and was quite light and just a bit tart. All in all a delicious ending to a delicious meal." Ahh. Romance. If you were wondering where it went in your life- check out T. Cooks at the Royal Palms Hotel. It's there  the rest of the meal is rather blah and definitely not worth the cost as it's rather pricey.  The Royal Palms is the only reason I keep trying.  Good God that place is beautiful and so cool.  Have stayed there a couple of times and always love it.  Too bad about T. Cook's because I REALLY want to like it because the resort is so cool.  I'd love to have dinner then walk to my casita Service was great as well.  They took care of us but allowed us to have our space.   Oh and one final note  they have the most delicious iced tea ever We definately will be visiting this place again. I think a few work dinners might be in order here too! We didnt visit the bar/lounge area. We went straight to the dining room. It got quite busy for a thursday night right around 7pm. It was good to see so business flourishing at such a nice restaurant." I know T's popular so he'll have many suitors- just not this one." Chef Lee has transformed this Phoenix classic into one of my favorite hidden treasures." This is a great place for pricey special occasions.  Food was excellent and nice atmosphere.  Service could be a little more refined though (think servers at Elements).  Compliments to the chef!" Yuck to the whole experience here."  but the lava cake was only marginally warmer .. .and the center was still solid ... definitely not molten. The waitress explained that the kitchen couldn't heat it up any more or the chocolate core would melt and leak out of the cake onto the plate. I've had molten lava cake at other restaurants with melted chocolate centers; if they can do it This is such a nice place.  I always enjoy dining at T-Cook's." After we finished our dinner we walked around in the courtyard for a bit. It was beautiful! The trees were decorated in lights and the fountains were on and lit which created a romantic setting for us two love birds. We'll definitely be back!" "I've only eaten here once but I was blown away. The food was absolutely delicious....probably one of the best meals that I've ever had in Phoenix. The service was phenomenal. If I remember correctly  seriously?  I am going back before the end of the week.  (And strongly hinting we should go all out & book next month before their summer specials end.....)" "I can't even remeber what I had for lunch the two times I went 4 years ago. What I do remember was that the property and restaurant was beautiful. I loved the classic relaxed ambiance they created. I must've loved the food because I wouldn't have gone back so quickly Hope you all enjoy this place as much as i do!!  Bon Appetit!"  and I want to sit at the bar. I've read good things about the experience there pulling up a stool and can't believe I left the place without even taking a peak at the thing! Next time T. Cook's I recommend T. Cooks the next time you are planning a nice dinner for two or with some good friends wanting to have a great evening together.  Their wine selection is good and they have an Oktoberfest menu for you German Food fanatics."  T Cooks is the perfect dining location and if you are looking for a special experience I would keep T Cook at top of mind like I do!"  sauted mushrooms & vegetables with red wine butter sauce.  Too yummy for words to explains.  You need to try it out for yourself.  Just too terrific!!  I picked the Chocolate Fantasy (French chocolate silk on a decadent chocolate cake with chocolate sauce served with vanilla gelato) for my after dinner pleasure.  Again Our favorite restaurant in town. Great atmosphere. Chef Lee always gets it right! We really had a great time here and cant wait to go back!"  but I really want to enjoy the food here.  The staff and the atmosphere is perfect.  I just need to give their food another shot soon!"  $5 tip also will get you a ""are you kidin' me look as well!""" The staff were also wonderfully friendly and helpful. Highly recommend T. Cook's for any meal or event."  uncomfortable and mediocre place. If you want good food and good service - go next store to J & G Steakhouse at the Phoenician. We had some excellent food for very reasonable prices there!"  after my visit tonight I can say that the bar is just as good and a great economic option when you want T Cooks but without the dining room experience. With live music in the background and a fire warming up the setting So yea - this is not the place for good food-" A dining experience fit for the gods Well Lee all i have to say is good job mate.  Great food and great service. Just ask for Brian.  comfortable w/ heaters when needed and very chic with great patio landscaping." "Great Sunday brunch! But this trip we didn't have brunch we just had drinks and dessert!  It was really nothing to write home about!  We had the creme brulee I love this place.  The food is usually sublime and the service perfect.  Afterwards you can go for a stroll around the grounds of the Royal Palms.  go to Four Seasons and eat there instead. I can name about 4 other Arizona restaurants better than this and a little cheaper even with their organic food offerings  and in house cured meats and pickled vegetables.  The restaurant is making a very good farm to table effort.  We also had crab cakes and the super amazing carbonara for an appetizer.  Needless to say we were stuffed before the food even came.  I had the bisque which was good not as great as I expected given the reviews.  Everyone was very pleased with the food.  The only dessert we had was a complimentary birthday carmel cheesecake creme brulee.  AMAZING  the dishes were quickly re-prepared and returned ... and the staff comp'd our bottle of wine for the evening and brought an incredible mulit-chocolate dessert huge enough for three to share with leftovers.  So  but our entrees were really great.  My lobster was fantastic! The pea shoot ravioli's were amazing.  My husband had the filet which he was very happy with.  For desert we had the peanut butter banana brioche with bacon and the creme brle cheesecake. The peanut butter brioche was out of this world. The only downside was the back waiter who was a little overzealous to clear the dishes....but all in all it was a wonderful meal in a beautiful setting.  I think it is a little overpriced but still a great dining experience." Along with a 50 dollar-ish bottle of wine h5sCVtDa74wBhUOrshlRbg The grounds at the Royal Palms are beautiful and you will feel like you are in Paradise." Did I mention they have Happy Hour from Sunday to Thursday?  They will be seeing us again soon." I would highly recommend this restaurant and hotel."  a pleasant experience for an early dinner.  Highlights included the antipasto platter with lots of things made in-house; the mixed greens salad (complete with a goat cheese tart!); and a pair of decadent desserts (who knew what guava could do for a creme brulee). The paella (a T. Cooks signature) was surprisingly just ""good"" (which says something of otherwise high standard) - the seafood was fresh and the dish was big enough to serve three "You'll pay a decent price for your meal but here's how I see it.    You might save a few bucks doing the fine dining thing elsewhere but you are missing the complete experience that T. Cook's has cornered. Yes  Love T Cooks and Royal Palms - you must go!" Amazing breakfast buffet!!  Love this place!  and I miss some favorites such as a the lobster ravioli. The lobster bisque I have to order each time. Some of the fall items such as the squash soups are missing. They have revised the menu into courses. They used to have a 4-5 course tasting menu created by the chef. We normally go on a weekdays We had brunch on Sunday and it was great.  The place looks great and the food was deelish.  It's a bit pricy but the ingredients seems all top notch.  We'll try to hurry back.  too. I think enough to please everyone. I definitely would go back sometime--just make sure you have money in the bank  and my entree was okay. But if this is one of the best restaurants in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area  you might consider buying the Preferred Restaurants of Phoenix card.  Sunday through Thursday (or early on weekends)  I would say this is a fantastic place to go if you're looking for a romantic dinner or a classy brunch every so often. Its a good solid choice any time "We have eaten here previously and it was great so when we had out of town company we took them here.  What a disappointment!  My fish was overcooked  the bar decor reminds me of a classy old school Hawaii hotel bar ala Elvis' movies.  The Great American Martini lives up to its name - Vodka straight up with blue cheese olives.  It's half price at Happy Hour as are the other featured cocktails and all the appetizers.  The Moroccan roasted chickpeas are addictive and inexpensive.  I also recommend the spicy seared tuna lettuce wraps.  On Tuesday and Thursdays they also have a featured $2 chef's choice taco." I also love the ambiance and the grounds of the Royal Palms property.  It's gorgeous there." Great for Special occasions or High End Dining!" So stay away from this overpriced establishment which does in no way qualify as a fine gourmet dining venue. The two generous stars I have given for atmosphere and setting fVgrpVyp-nPLTac9YIjTug Great service and location.  Food was ok nothing great. We all ordered the Sunday Brunch. Everything was excellent."  far better than anything else I ate the whole night. Very 3 and 1/2 to 4 stars."  period. The only thing you can say is that the hotel surroundings are attractive. With so many good restaurants in the area fVgrpVyp-nPLTac9YIjTug "Met some friends for brunch at T. Cooks - it was a really nice place.  I am really glad I read the other Yelpers' suggestions before I went.  It is a must to order an entree and get the buffet as an add-on.  That is a no-brainer.  I'm not sure who came up with their pricing for the brunch/entrees Great eats at this joint. New York strip was awesome! Pear salad was bomb and service was superb. I'll be back march 10th!  beautiful resort and decent food."  although I always do due to the pesto that is served with it." Only negative was that they let someone smoke a cigar outside at the front entrance and the smell started coming in." I'm a big fan of T. Cook's.  It was my first time there during Spring and I was happy to find I could enjoy happy hour in the courtyard.  It's like a smaller version of the Getty Villa in Malibu.  This place is 5 stars in ambiance.  The menu has changed since my previous review but the food and cocktails were still very good. "" I replied. The side of butter-poached lobster sealed the deal. Eclairs to satisfy the sweet tooth and a cappuccino to buy time to soak it all in. It's the kind of meal that is so satisfying that all you want to do is go home and go to bed. There's no point in doing anything the rest of the night since there's no way to top it. An added plus is if you stay at The Royal Palms I have been to T. Cook's several times over the past few years- both lunch and dinner.  I think it is a beautiful and romantic dining experience.  The food has been well prepared and presented over all of my visits although I would stop short of calling it phenomenal.  I have mixed feelings on the service as I feel that some of the staff come across as a bit superior or condescending which I find  offensive.  Others have been marvelous.  My next goal is to stay at the resort...and have at least one dinner at T. Cook's.  my fiance did propose to me after dinner in February at Royal Palms after eating at T Cooks. We were walking the grounds and found a ""private patio"" and the bf popped the question. in the middle of the proposal a server came out and asked if we were part of the wedding party...I am not a good liar so I said no Secluded and luxurious - a great hideaway from a crazy  but from the waitress in the adjoining section.  At the end of the evening we had to have a manager find our waitress to get our check." "Today was my third visit to the restaurant. Today is also the first time in my life I left an establishment after being seated. If I were alone  not so much.  Rib ravioli was a bit dry when u first bite into it.  The carbonara dish was so rich yet nothing special in terms of flavor profile at all.  Maybe it's better to only have a drink there in stead of a big meal." Tip - wander the grounds after and seek out hidden spots among the orange grove and gardens."  however T Cook is shockingly awful.  I have hoped for wonderful meals at this nice restaurant but everything I've tried has been a tremendous disappointment.  Anyone who thinks they are going to get decadent food at this extremely expensive hotel will be hugely disappointed.  F-.  Outrageously disappointing.  WTF."  basically it looked like they took the risotto from the old plate and reheated it. It  was really unappetizing. I think waiter and manager knew there was an issue because when looking at my wife  shrimp. The ambiance is so romantic and the service is amazing. The food was delicious and so fresh. We would definitely come back again for a special occasion. The live jazz music was awesome too! We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!" Za'atar spiced edamame" This used to be my favorite restaurant for special occasions.  Such a dissapointment when we went there in July for our anniversary.  Service was just teriible.  So understaffed.  My fish was overcooked and no apology made when I had it sent back.  I used to just love this restaurant - all the history and fine service  Not anymore.  The matredee stood at his desk gossiping with 2 friends while we waited and waited to be acknowledged.  Sad......this used to be one of the best.  but fix the stupid shit please! See you in a year." Thanksgiving dinner at $75 per head was very disappointing last evening.  The food was just average at best.  The food was bland and uninspired.  We will not return here. "Last night we went to spend the $150 gift certificate our daughter gave us a year ago---was not that excited to go.  Had eaten here a few times in the past but was never very impressed with the food.  And thanks to the reviews on Yelp still wasn't keen on going.  We went early to enjoy the happy hour which some had raved about.  I ordered the house martini  one of serenity and pure bliss.  We got to T. Cooks and our friends were on the patio.  It was a beautiful day to enjoy the wonderful Phoenix weather.  Immediately we were greated by Brad one of the nicest most friendly and accomodating servers I have ever encountered.  He was constantly provided high level service without being intrusive.  He made sure we were well tended to.  If it were him and service alone "This past weekend we stayed at the Royal Palms....a beautiful place in Scottsdale.  Their restaurant certainly matched the ambience of the resort.  Dark Very quaint and romantic restaurant. The food is always innovative and always delicious! I love going in the Summer when they have 3-course prix-fix menus.  which is a bargain at $25 and highly recommended.  We shared the dessert tasting (your choice of three small desserts for $8).  They also have a cozy little chef's table for two. T Cook's was the highlight of our weekend in Phoenix!" truely one of the best places to eat and celebrate a special occasion  not even a seafood one. I might as well have been eating lumpy ice. Maybe that was the flavor? Freezer burn perhaps? I didn't even eat the shrimp ceviche either  the place was very nice but I wasn't too impressed with dinner so i probably will not be returning to this restaurant!"  it is convenient. But I wouldn't venture more than a mile to eat here."  that is a routine offering with their weekend dining. Thank you Ms Patrick for the enormous set of lungs." Next time we'll have to stay and visit the lounge." fVgrpVyp-nPLTac9YIjTug "First time at T. Cooks for brunch was amazing. Rebecca was great  the staff was FIVE STAR and my wife couldn't be happier! Live music this morning during brunch was awesome. THANKS ROYAL PALMS!"  which was ordered medium rare was either well done or medium. On the plus side the servers were pleasant and explained the menu well. It's not their fault that the food did not live up to the description" By far THE best cucumber martini around. Very light & fresh. The only thing that would make it better is if they would put a thin slice of cucumber on top instead of a wedge of lime.  but I'm so glad we decided to stay and give it a try! The location they were using was absolutely charming. Our waiter was so attentive and engaging. The food was beautifully prepared and plated. We each ordered a different entree and they were all excellent. This is definitely a restaurant I would return to."  no other color (remember the signature orange walls and the map on the wall in the bar with libraries filled with old books  -  making it one of my favorite spots in PHX - gone).  The only nice touch are iron wall dividers filled with candles and the ""smoking room"" still holds the ""old charm"". The bar enlarged (good move) "I never have a bad meal at T Cook's.  The service is always excellent and the food is fabulous. They just reworked their interior. Very nice  and wouldn't want to spend as much as I did this night ($170 for two people) T Cooks continues to be a destination for me as I love the service and the atmosphere!" Outstanding food and service.  Went in April while we were staying at the resort and am still thinking about my meal.  A slam dunk for my husband and I as he loves meat and I am a vegetarian and it is tricky to find a fine dining establishment that will create a real entree for a vegetarian (as opposed to a pasta dish or clumping 3 sides together).   The chef completely created a customized dish for me that included morel mushrooms.  It was divine!  My husband loved his as well.  Server was really personable and nice.  This really was a 5 star experience. Chocolate Pate and Peanut Butter Chocolate Bar. I'm just going to say  the atmosphere was very nice and the scenery is pretty. The Mix It Up bar is where I'll be going next time. The food and drinks are less pricey and you still get the live music." Took my girlfriend for her birthday. Outdoor seating continues to be romantic. Appetizer (Spanish octopus) was first disappointment with more to come. The Bream Exquisite cuisine in a luxurious atmosphere. Great Sunday brunch and holiday dining.  the ambiance was wonderful but the food and timing of courses has a long way to go to compete with other fine and delicious local restaurants close by!  The price of the food was expensive based on the quality served."  romantic atmosphere and delicious food. It was romantic and the food was delicious but this Georgia girl was very disappointed in the view- or lack there of. We were seated outside in the back. Our view was of an outdoor fireplace and a brick wall enclosing the space. But I suppose what the view lacked  who I thought did a fine job!  Overall it wasn't quite fine dinning An exquisite Thanksgiving Dinner in a beautiful setting! A great Rhone wine to accompany it all. We had a fabulous lunch for four today at T. Cooks and I can't rave enough about the food and the excellent service.  The four of us tried lots of lunch dishes and then passed portions around to share. Yum to everything.  T. Cooks has always been our go to special event place and this experience was another triumph. My father was getting married at Royal Palms so T cooks seemed like a good idea. We made reservations but needed two extra seats when I explained this the the host they were rude as hell acting like it was the end of the damn world . We spent well over 900 bucks but ended up having to sit way across from each other because we were in two separate tables. Ruined my night food was just ok not worth the price but the waiter was a sweet guy.. I'll never return no thanks  and he apologized and said he was going to send us something. He never did. It's been 10 months." "Visited during restaurant week. Very happy with the selection on the menu. Everything was delicious (especially the corn bisque) and our server was wonderful! The atmosphere is always beautiful. The vibe is definitely ""old money"". I also enjoy happy hour at the mix up bar down the hall."  but the prices and the quality match as well as anyplace in town.  It was a great experience all the way around.  Thank you Beet salad.  butternut squash soup.  antelope.  lamb.  scallops.  all winners.  enjoy" Sad to say; T Cooks failed to deliver on their Valentines price fix menu. Had we not eaten there several times before we would never go back!   it was good but I'd go elsewhere for the money." I personally think the quality of food is worth the prices. I know that this isn't your Mimi's or Taco Bell  then we have to call him twice and eventually involve manager to get our check. Restaurant of this class should have more consistent service. This is why from me it's remain only 3 stars"  but now with innovative 5 star cuisine as well. If you are lucky enough to be able to dine at T Cooks on Wednesday they offer a true culinary adventure called #PM31. Definitely call ahead to make reservations - there are limited seats available. We were fortunate enough to enjoy it last night.  It is a world class experience.  It is a 12 or so course tasting menu based around the chef's inspiration and passion.  It's always changing.  This was one of the most special and FABULOUS dining experiences I have ever had.  It was truly a special experience and orchestrated to perfection.  It was exciting I love the willdly romantic and dreamlike atmosphere at The Royal Palm and the dining experience at T. Cooks is a beautiful event." The critic may have been correct the evening he was there - and perhaps served a ""wake-up"" call to the entire operation.  If so  simply prepared to let their natural flavors shine.  We also had a citrus brined ""Mary's Chicken"" dish that was one of the best grilled chicken dishes I've ever had.   I also need to give a shout out to the staff. They gave perfect service without being obtrusive.  They were also incredibly knowledgable about the ingredients in the dishes - which I love.  And We didn't get any dessert because we were so full! But overall "Service A+. Food B-. There was beautiful seating outside next to the herb garden. I had the ribeye topped with Dungeness Crab on a bed of mushrooms and bacon. The steak was ok however; the mushrooms were amazing. My wife had the sea bass which was less than stellar. I gave the overall rating four stars Mother's Day brunch. Short rib and Salmon both expertly prepared and fabulous. Large chilled shrimp and crab claws fantastic. All good but way overpriced. Will look elsewhere going forward. "Two nights ago my brothers and I took our mom here to celebrate Mother's Day. We were aware of the high reputation of the restaurant so we knew this was a great way to treat our mother. The restaurant is very lovely "What a wonderful way to spend Mother's Day! It was a delicious brunch with a wonderful spread. It was nice that we could immediately enjoy the top notch buffet and also enjoy a made to order entree. Our waiter Paul was absolutely amazing. He paid extra attention to make sure my mimosas were replaced as needed  we had our newborn I am excited to go back also because they give you a surprise gift you open on your next visit...  I can't wait to come back and just happy hour it "Came here a few years ago and the food was great. Now we are back and the renovation is awesome and the food is still just as good! I recommend the risotto and the short braised ribs. If you happen to come when it's not too hot "We tried T Cook's during restaurant week - the menu was interesting (who wants to pay money for something they could prepare at home) and the service from the moment we arrived was excellent! If you are a ""foodie"" - this restaurant is a MUST!!! The food was ""mouthgasmic"" - the flavors were incredible - truly delicious! Our server Wow!  Finally a restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale that lives up to the hype.  The appetizers were amazing.  My antelope was great.  My wife's cod was great.  The service was superb. The surroundings were beautiful!  It's been five years since we were last here.  What took us so long to return?  Thank you for a great evening with friends! Great romantic dinner spot. Would definitely come here again." The food was absolutely amazing and the live band was the cherry on top!! What a great date place. This restaurant has such a nice ambience and we could not have asked for any more. And a special thank you to  Bridget L. for making our experience that much better!! .Can't wait to go back!"  and extremely attentive. We followed his recommendations and he was spot on!  We wanted two appetizers and to split the entree. We had the Beet Salad and the Corn Anglioti. Delicious!  The chef was doing a 10 oz. (Not kidding) rib eye. It was served on a bed of teeny tasty tender baby mushrooms I am a  first timer at T-Cooks and WOW! the food was great! We started off with the tar tar..then had a vegetable  salad that was tossed in lemon juice and olive oil. All of the veggies where left in big pieces that were perfectly placed on the plate! Had the  steak for the main entree and was very pleased! Only complaint is that the table we were at was right under a forceful air vent. I even noticed other people moving seats because of the vents..  and finally had the chance to make it for dinner. Food was excellent - beautiful menu (options) fVgrpVyp-nPLTac9YIjTug The white corn bisque was one of the best bisque I've ever had. Their staff is very friendly and are very nice and make sure everything is ok. All in all a excellent restaurant  that I would go to again.  white corn bisque & diver scallops were great. The roasted beet salad was great on the small side but tasty."  went to T. Cooks for the first time. And it was a beautiful setting no doubt about it. The problem was with the food. All three dishes were lacking in taste  the crowd here was retirees and snowbirds who had not left before summer and the atmosphere was anything other than vibrant. Like I said the food was amazingly good but the service was very poor. I will never visit this place again. There are a lot of great alternatives in the Phoenix area for fine restaurants." "Went to a birthday dinner and was so impressed! Had the corn bisque as an appetizer Fantastic summer tasting menu at the cooks. Paired with very refreshing summer cocktails we watched a monsoon come in while Robert took care of everything. Don't forget to ask for the summer tasting menu! "I have been to T. Cook's several times for dinner  and the food is always fantastic. This was my first time going for lunch- best cobb salad I have had in a long time  the valet went to get my car and brought someone else's car out.... that's a pretty big mistake... what's the point of valet if they're going to give your car to other people.... eeek. They did apologize and were nice Also people here do not know how to dress for fine dining. Jeans and sneakers are for Applebee's." "T.Cooks is one of our favorite restaurants in Phoenix. The food is always excellent and the service is top notch. The warm and inviting atmosphere of the hotel carries through to T. Cooks and we always look forward to a night out here. There is so much character to the Royal Palms  good service and beautiful surroundings."  I had a sense this spot might be hit or miss.  I was pleasantly surprised to be mistaken.  It was a perfectly aimed bulls eye.  My buddy and I enjoyed the foie grais sizzling on a hot rock (if you like fg I won't return with this menu."  but I can't give it 3 or 4 stars because the prices are so high. I had the strawberry rhubarb torte."  everyone seemed very happy. Menu changes based on the current season. Fresh ingredients If asked to go again I will skip it." Thank you to everyone that worked on Mother's Day - you made our experience memorable.  For that If you want to impress or to just enjoy dinner out the way it is supposed to me  and everyone else that we met gave top notch service.  On top of that the food was delicious!!  It was our first time there and we are sure to go back again.  They made it so memorable for us and we really did appreciate it.  Thank you guys for going above and beyond when we didn't even ask for it!" Awesome customer service! Robert was our server for our anniversary dinner--he is the best. Great server with personality!! Great place to dine! Wonderful lunch! Spectacular Lobster Salad & Peach Cobbler w/Camelback Coffee for dessert. Lovely service  & setting  Jackie fVgrpVyp-nPLTac9YIjTug Thank you for wonderful service.  You guys are awesome!  Please continue to be the stars you are at the restaurant."  juicy steak. Probably the best steak I have had in the past 10 years. Believe it or not the best part of the meal was the accompaniments- lived the combination of shishito peppers and heirloom tomatoes was perfect. After dinner we took a romantic stroll through the grounds which were beautiful and perfect for a romantic date night." Average of the reviews: 4 stars." Started our stay at the Royal Palms with a great dinner at T.Cooks. Love the heirloom carrots.  Breakfast this am with Jackie as our server was lovely. She was friendly and very attentive. Looking forward to seeing her for breakfast all week This is the six or seventh time we have celebrated birthdays at T Cook's and we plan to continue doing so." Robert was more than helpful. Helped us choose a great bottle of wine and was very friendly. Recommend the papa brava. Soooo good!!  but I tried the waffles which were also delicious. They have great coffee and scones  relaxing night out in a peacefilled location I point them to T Cooks!"  the best tuna melt I've ever had!  Whether having a lite lunch or something more extravagant  but I went with a few couples and it was just as wonderful. Our server was incredibly knowledgable on food and wine. The menu changes so I won't get bogged down on specific dishes- but they were all empty. It was priced pretty high "This place is very good & the bar outside the restaurant is a cool place to grab a glass of wine.  This has changed a lot in the years.  It has always been good but Korey K. Was incredibly responsive. Fantastic server! Great dinner as usual at T.Cook's.  however our dining experience was mediocre. One waiter handling six tables resulted in very slow service. The menu selection was the same as last year with no real improvements. So five star resort with a three star dining experience. Hopefully management will improve the quality and dining experience of the restaurant. It is surprising to me that management doesn't seem to care about the amount of very poor reviews they are receiving... for this once great restaurant. Very disconcerting." "Don't waste your time or well-earned cash going to this former great restaurant. We've gone twice in the past couple of months and the food quality has gone way done. Very expensive and very disappointing both times. Our server was lots of fun and very professional "I live in the Phoenix area but wanted to go somewhere special for breakfast for my birthday. So glad we decided to come here. It feels like you are transported into another country. Ambience is amazing Wait this can't be T Cooks who has gone through three or four chefs??. The menu is pretentious. Wait we are in Phoenix. The fish choices were exotic and small for the price. The lamb venison was average and the other fish was average. Had to ask for bread and when that was gone had to ask not offered another. The restaurant setting has always been when Fred first did and subsequent owner if one if the best. Wine was great. Desert seemed average. Time to sit back and ask myself for $100 a meal I should have gone elsewhere. Service was good. Big event on the grass. Must of taxed the kitchen.. "Set in what I think is the prettiest hotel in Phoenix - T Cooks has always been a favorite of mine for Sunday brunch. I know last year it was recently remodeled and I'm not too much of a fan of the new Decor. Sometimes I feel somethings are best left alone. I understand that menus change and brunch items are seasonal and cannot always be there however I cannot help but think that lately the brunch has been a little bit skimpy. The omelette and waffle bar are back those were previously removed a few months ago but there are still other items that are gone on the menu- lemon ricotta pancakes are no longer on the menu -you can ask for them but they're technically only served before 10am. I feel like the recipe might have changed on them  as well  "Set in what I think is the prettiest hotel in Phoenix - T Cooks has always been a favorite of mine for Sunday brunch. I know last year it was recently remodeled and I'm not too much of a fan of the new Decor. Sometimes I feel somethings are best left alone. I understand that menus change and brunch items are seasonal and cannot always be there however I cannot help but think that lately the brunch has been a little bit skimpy. The omelette and waffle bar are back those were previously removed a few months ago but there are still other items that are gone on the menu- lemon ricotta pancakes are no longer on the menu -you can ask for them but they're technically only served before 10am. I feel like the recipe might have changed on them  as well   helped guide us through the menu. We had the Spanish Octopus and the Chicken Carbonara. The octopus was amazing! So much flavor and textures all in one plate. We are so glad Jackie was there to wait on us again! Looking forward to dinner next!" Supremely disappointed and embarrassed because I actually recommended this place and they ended up giving us a SUB-PAR experience on a very special occasion. Not to mention that everyone in our party traveled from out of state."  but of course this was a wash. Guess we really were SOL. Save yourself the trouble and try any of the truly great restaurants in the area." "We hadn't been to T. Cook's in nearly 10 years and were dying to come back and check it out.  We met some out of town friends for dinner on a Sunday night and had a great experience.  The dining room is beautifully appointed and is very welcoming for dinner.  The service is impeccable and our server made great recommendations about our dinner selections.  I enjoyed the beet and goat cheese salad followed by the john dory fish entree.  Our table shared the ginger snap bread pudding with pumpkin ice cream and I could have eaten it all by myself it was so good.  If you are looking for a quality meal in an elegant setting fVgrpVyp-nPLTac9YIjTug  and the food options were mixed for me." "This place could be perfect.  The lounge is a particular delight... or it could be.  The only reason I take this place to task is because of the presence of a television. It severely detracts from the otherwise delightful atmosphere.  This lounge is full of potential interaction  and disappointed in what should have been a very special meal at one of the supposedly best restaurants at one of the best hotels in the city."  a Monday! Stopped at the bar 45 minutes early and the staff was so overwhelmed I canceled dinner reservations. Don't get me wrong "Had an issue incredible dinner the other night!  Filet melts in your mouth.  Best beet salad I have ever enjoyed.  Delicious ribeye and definitely order the Brussels sprouts.  The flatbread i'd go back for sure." Definitely a must see experience in PHOENIX!!!" Overall one of the best places to eat n have drinks in Scottsdale."  it was very rich and heavy.  The salted Carmel ice cream was fantastic.  I feel like this restaurant is trying to accommodate more tables than it can really handle.  If so they should lower their prices to raise the rating in my book.  Not bad mind you "I didn't appreciate the fact that there was no option to chose the regular menu instead of the Valentine menu only which I think was overpriced and definitely the food was not of the quality matching the price. My date requested a medium well steak and it came over cooked  The restaurant's decor and ambience was very good on the other hand. Overall disappointing experience Went here for Valentine's Day and it was amazing. Michael was our server and he blew us away. He was quick to answer questions and knew what he was talking about. He made sure we were having a good time and was very personable. It made the whole experience that much better. We will definitely be back and be requesting him as our server. I'll visit again when I'm back in Phoenix!" I'm going back and give them another try because the place is so spectacular there has to be more to it.   Maybe it was the frog legs that got me headed in the wrong direction.... You know what they say.... 'Starts bad What a wonderful meal. It really doesn't get any better than this folks. Can't wait to go back!"  the best food - great guac & carne asada tacos. Historical hotel. Awesome place for a romantic get away or wedding. Quaint. Feels like a mission turned hotel and bar. Will definitely stay here next time in Scottsdale. Excellent Service. Cocktails on Point!!!!" Will go back again for our next celebration!!" "Inside the Royal Palms Resort is an elegant restaurant and lounge. We had drinks from the lounge in the courtyard with a nice fountain splashing in the background. Try the Sonoran Sage for an interesting take on a gin martini. After drinks we went inside to the main dining room with a wood fired grill. They have both an ala carte and tasting menu. Our party of four had a variety of interesting dishes which included seared foie gras We've eaten there many times and aways enjoyed it-food and service both. Today not the same. I think the winter staff are the pros. Not today. Had to ask hostess (when she appeared from kitchen for service). Helped ourselves to our purchased water bottle put on service tray several tables away. Weird it wasn't left on the table like the first bottle. Had Caesar salad w flat iron steak. Very very little amount of salad (I'm not a big eater and not impressed with quantity). It wasn't flat iron. Seemed like bad tough cut of sirloin. After sawing away with steak knife decided to give up on it. Wasn't asked why it was basically untouched. We'll try it again during the season and hope for the great experiences we have had in the past. Love the patio ambiance when our weather is nice.  tough and chewy; seabags and lobster risotto were good; the 2 btus wine were very good - and pricey of course. considering the cost "Went here for the first time last night with some friends and enjoyed the experience. Our server was nice and very knowledgeable about the menu. The pesto spread for the bread is so fresh and delicious. I had the mushroom risotto and my boyfriend had the filet Thanks for being such a consistent and classy operation T Cooks." I can't believe this place has only been reviewed once! Crazy! This place is so friggin out of this world. I don't crave Italian food but this place is so good I think about it all the time. I had the best escrgot I have ever had in my life. They offer a gluten free pasta option. The red sauce is great. The wine selection is good. The service is on point. I will return time and time again and I don't even have to have a special occasion.  there are too many spots to check out before this place deserves a second visit. Nice if this is your neighborhood Italian spot for a mid-week meal."  but I'm not sure how. We won't be returning again."  we defintiely will be back to try some of their other tempting dishes and to chat with Isabella again.  Ciao!" PS. Know that the place tends to close early - the rush is usually at around 5pm and by 8pm the place is quieting down.  Good to know if you want to beat the throngs (or why it's emptier later at night!)"  I had to bite my tongue several times. I wanted to skewer my friend over the experience "Wonderful Fresh Italian Menu--we enjoyed two great Veal dishes in a living room kind of atmosphere.  Excellent Service  and knows the owners and waiters quite well. Its her favorite place in AZ thus far. The food has always been consistent as well as the service. Some of the waiters have been there as long as the place has been opened. Once you have been there a few times Our only complaint was the Busser seemed to be a bit off his game -- maybe a bad day? It may have spoiled the perfect dining experience "La Fontanella scored huge points in my book today.  First any restaurant that has  been in business for 27 years HAS to be doing something right and they did everything right for us.  The hospitality was unmatched. The food sensational and fresh.  We had appetizers  take the time to hit this place up."  but there are better Italian restauraunts in the area. I might give it another shot to try the veal however." I've already told a handful of friends and coworkers about La Fontanella and the fact that I can't wait to return so I can sample some of their other dishes and especially the other desserts. MMMMMMMM..."  I discovered that that dish was not on the menu.  I had chosen it because it was not tomato sauce or cream based.  The actual menu only has such main dishes.  In any case I have been going to La Fontanella for almost 10 years and it never disappoints!! I love the atmosphere--it's always cozy and comfortable and the staff is always very friendly and attentive.  Next time you want to splurge on some decadent homemade pasta this is the place to go.  I can't help getting the butternut squash ravioli everytime-- it is absolutely delicious!!  I have never had anything that I didn't like here.  La Fontanella definitely has the best italian in the city-- FIVE STARS!!  but this place is just as good!  They have a great wine selection and the bread they bring you before the meal...OMG!!  It is fabulous!  Dont fill up on it too much because then you will miss out on your food!  The mussels are Fantastic...there is a little bit to them but that is what makes them so delicious!  You get to dip the bread in the sauce...and it takes it to a whole other level!  YUM YUM YUM!!  I got the pasta with the vodka sauce and the shrimp!  The sauce was creamy and smooth...I literaly licked my bowl because their sauce was so good!  The reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because the service was slow and the wait staff got several orders wrong and it took a while for our food!  I am a very patient person and I was shocked at how long the food took on a return visit I had the chicken pollard and honestly would not have given 4 stars for this meal since it only is chicken with a dusting of dry sun dried tomatoes a few caper and a sliced olive around the plate. My dinner didn't come with a side or vegetable and left me underwhelmed. I will leave the rating at 4 stars since the other times I've been here it was 4 stars good and I would return but I'd never try the chicken pollard again." So I'd go back next time I'm in the area."  upscale but homey. Snag the $44 bottle of wine and dinner for two special from the Arcadia neighborhood rag and you just got yourself some of the best high-end Italian in the city for chain-Italian prices. There's a reason these guys have weathered the recession in style. Always amazing and always a perfect night out."  but we still felt comfortable with my BF in shorts. Will definately be heading back to try more." The seafood is out of this world delicious! My Salmon with sea scallops were amazing I would definitely return but hope the service is better." Escargot - They tasted fine but they just seemed old-fashioned. They tasted just like the garlic butter escargot I had on a cruise ship in 1988. **"  which is all homemade best service. This place never disappoints us. We recommend this place to our  clients and the feedback is thank you for the best food experience we have had." I can't believe I waited so long to try this awesome place!!!  M y husband had a pork that was tender with a silky sauce. Our oldest daughter had the flavorful rigatoni and our youngest a chicken with spinach and pancetta.  All in all an amazing meal.  We topped our meal off with cannelloni  no white table clothed restaurant on Cave Creek and the food is one thousand times better.  And I don't need a coupon to eat there." I really liked the family owned feel of this place. The staff was friendly and attentive and the pasta was amazing. Our waiter had no problem taking a special order and the price was VERY AFFORDABLE. I WILL BE BACK .  like so much you could taste it when he walked by....that's not so cool. If people want to smoke "Don't use coupon!  You ate looked down upon and treated poorly. Waiters are not pleasant  we HAD to try the deserts.  I can't remember another place I've been to in the US that made me feel like I was dining in Europe again.  I had a deliciously prepared filet and I don't remember what my date had.  But all I can remember is that we were both extremely satisfied with our meal.  I don't have one bad thing to say about this place.  It most certainly makes me remember why I don't frequent Olive Garden for my Italian food." (3) it felt like my food was not freshly prepared...perhaps it had been under a heat lamp for a while." MPziC5MO2QQiYVAMM3fdSw If you are in town for a meeting  and put your phone on vibrate.  They kind of insist!  And that's okay too!" Then finished with their Panna Cotta." Been looking for a good Italian restaurant and finally found one.  My wife and I went here for dinner on Sunday night.  Everything we had was excellent.  I recommend you come by and try it out.  I will be back for more.  Best Italian in town. The owner has been there for 30 years and does all the cooking.  but definitely worth the while for that special occasion. Wish other 'Italian' places in the Valley would take a moment and bring a notebook to figure out what 'Italian food' really means. If you're looking for the genuine article Worst Italian food ever. Rude waiter. Decore very lame. Room full because of coupon customers. I don't know where other reviewers have gone but don't listen to them! Stay away.  complete with a piece of rock salt in the dish.  Off to a really bad start.  One special ordered piece of fish (frozen at best) and the shrimp scampi-greasy on a bed of fetuccini alfredo By far the best Italian food I've had outside of Italy.  If you eat there earlier they give you 15% off the total bill and it fills up really quick.  I would say you need reservations if you want to eat anytime after 6. Probably the best Italian food I have had so far the in the valley. Our waiter was very friendly as well. This is more of a spot to bring your significant other then a group full of kids. Probably won't go back. Expensive for what we thought was average to below average food." "I'd heard about La Fontanella over the years and finally stopped in for a bite.  It was the best Italian food I've had in Phoenix!! The service was outstanding and our waiter MPziC5MO2QQiYVAMM3fdSw Amazing wine and food. I would only really recommend it for special occasions as it is a bit pricey and requires decent attire. I usually order Gnocchi as an appetizer instead of a meal and split it with the table because it melts in your mouth and everyone always enjoys it. The seafood dishes have never disappointed me! the gf and I came to eat here a couple of days ago and loved it. The entrees were excellent as well as the escargot appetizer. Service (Eric?) was great as well. The only thing that was average was their fried calamari. Don't ever come to this place I know I will never come back to this place ever again and definitely will make sure that this is not on the list of restaurants that we recommend." MPziC5MO2QQiYVAMM3fdSw  the kind of food you think about later. Personal service. We went here on a date night and it was great from the wine at the beginning to the dessert and coffee at the end. You really want to spread out your meal and enjoy." "Best Italian in Phoenix. The pepper steak is just like grandma used to make. Best diablo sauce i've ever had outside of Italy It is a memorable experience. Old school. Highly recommend!" This places Chicken Alfredo  is THE BOMB!!! I have never had HomeMade Fresh pasta before!! This place rocks.  The service is special and all the food is excellent. I love to take the babe here and split a bottle of wine over a nice relaxing dinner with the waiters bustling about. They also make great martini's. The steak is perfect!  It is a real treat to dine here. We LOVED La Fontanella and were so sad to hear they had closed. A neighborhood gem that has been around for years and years. Bummer! How do you use a gift certificate  if the resturant is closed? Very romantic.  The restaurant is at the very top of a butte with a stellar view of the city.  The city lights look like a blanket of stars from this vantage point at night.  White glove service.  Continental cuisine.  The food is good  so much better.  And the selection is very limited.  But if you are trying to impress a date  the price was not justified.  If you are going to charge starting price of $40 an entree  if they can deign paying attention to the service they provide...." But hey...if the view and ambiance are what you're after "We were staying at the resort for a July 4th ""staycation.""  We decided to splurge and have dinner here the night of the 4th. What a great decision!  The food was excellent  we look forward to it each time we trek to Arizona. If you are looking for an upscale and unique dinner experience/ dinner with a great view  but not nearly as good as enjoying a cigar and some drinks on the patio prior to and after dinner inside. This would be a perfect place to take a date and have a nice glass of wine while taking in the view of the ever sprawling Phoenix area." I would love to try this place again since the food and view were great.  I would just hope that my service next time would be better."  and the presentation was phenomenal. Definitely have to make a reservation here.  Our bill came out to be about 230  what a beautiful place.  The drive up was incredible and the view was just amazing.  The service/food/drinks were great the entire night and what a wonderful night sitting out by the fireplace looking out over the city.  Great place for a Party and I can't wait to go back for a nice little romantic dinner for two.  Maybe I'll be back with 5 stars?"  the food is almost always wonderful... the inconsistancy is the service.  It is a great place to bring friends from out of town  you will find a lot of the time that the vegetarian dishes are usually a LOT better...in this case ps the bar a level lower is also great. Dance floor and outside patio with view. GREAT!!!"  especially when you assume that you may be just ""paying for the view"".  Not true at all.  The food at Different Pointe of View can stand up to the creativity and quality of any other high end restaurant in town.  I had the Port Cabernet Braised Kobe Short Rib: Fresh Sweet Corn Polenta  or even Fleming's or the Keg. The creme brulee was nice though nothing outstanding and the chocolate amandine had a flat pre-packaged taste- after a few bites we left the remainder. There are too many other great restaurants in Phoenix with fantastic views and ambience to waste this type of money on poor service and mediocre food."  save your money for someplace like BLT or Rancho Pinot." We will definitely come back and are happy that we found a 5 star restaurant in our neighborhood."  was.. it's been a while since i was here last). the chicken dishes are kind of boring and my mom's had stomach upsets a few times I've eaten ion fine dining establishments all over the globe for over 30 years and this one is in my personal top 5. Not cheap or even reasonable by anyone's standards but this one backs up the tab in spades! A tad on the high end but what a view!!!! Food was wonderful and the staff was friendly. Well worth the extra money  and you better bet you'll see me outside any time someone comes to visit!"  didn't care for the sauce and wished he had ordered the halibut too.  The dessert menu was very odd  but not until I've exhausted the list of other 4 diamond (AAA  rating) restaurants in the city."  but more of a place to go and get drinks with good friends.  The food has ranged from excellent to good.  I had possibly the best lemon drop martini of my life here.  The seafood dishes are excellent.  I also ordered a brussel sprout salad which was amazing.  The steak was ok.  I've had better.  Would definitely recommend this place for a quiet dinner with good friends.  Try to get a table that faces outward.  Its really all about the view."  pork belly tasty.  Service a little distracted.  Romantic?...could be but large groups increase the noise level consiserably.  View? Fantastic. Would highly recommend."  creme brle for me and some sort of chocolate flourless thing for my husband. Both were good Another great find from Yelp." Restaurant itself was very nice. View was very good next to the windows. The ribeye was only average but the chicken was very good. Creme brulee and the chocolate espresso desserts were excellent. My boyfriend and I went out on a thursday night for a last valentines day celebration at DPOV. Everything started off nice and were really enjoying the view and each other... The place started getting busier and our team of servers began stopping by less and less... By the time we had gotten our entrees they were pretty much nonexistent. Our food was just above Luke warm and our wine was empty.... After about 30 mins of waiting for some one to come over one of our servers came by to clear our plates. He didn't ask how our food was and didn't offer any dessert menus. We aren't really the complaining type but considering the price of the food my boyfriend got up to discuss our issues with the manager whom removed the entrees. This place really needs to improve their customer service skills. We decided to go to one of our favorite places for dessert. The  Rokerij. We won't return or recommend this place.  good food! Host started the evening off rocky but rest of staff was excellent. We've eaten here a couple times and although the food is always good  or a friend/relative you want to treat to a 5 star dinner you can't go wrong here! The food is very unique and delicious. This restaurant has one of the best wine cellars in town and the right people to lead you in the right direction for a good pairing. Oh and I can't forget to mention the ridiculously amazing view from the cliff top overlooking the Phoenix valley! This place is truly a Phoenix gem." Happy Valentine's Day!!! Make it special..."  service and view. Not to be missed." "THE BEST lobster bisque...everything else is just ok.  Oh yeah  and I liked the tiered outdoor seating areas.  The bartenders had a great sense of humor and everyone had a nice time.  The other staff were friendly as well."  and the creme brule for dessert.  I sampled their lobster bisque and I wish I had gotten that instead of the duck ravioli.  My filet minon was cooked well done because I am currently pregnant and it was still surprisingly tender.  The creme brule was delightful as well." Great food. The service could have been slightly better. I don't see why my drink should ever run dry when it's just a Coke. Best view of PHX in town. I would never go to Capital Grill or Ruth's Chris if I could get a reservation here. nfdr8ugyW7hWxpbQjw65Ag  so not worth complaining if you don't get a window seat." I can't wait to go back when it's a little cooler to sit outside...Don't miss this wonderful casual affordable piece of Heaven!"  say that the view was amazing and it's not as though the people were't kind because they were. But for the $ 'Dissapointing Pointe of View'"  we'll go for the flourless chocolate instead.  Wonderful evening... this is a great place for a special night out or to impress visiting family and friends... We're planning to return more often to the Terrace Room for a lower-key evening with a view..."  better than we expected as many of these types of places rely more on their setting than quality. The staff was exceptional Took someone here for their birthday and requested a patio seat 3 weeks in advance but was not accommodated whateves...great views though of phx...as for the food when we arrived we were given a shooter which was very good..for dinner we had the fillet and the chicken with a side of shrimp.everything was super tasty!!!!!i have been to my fair share of fine dining restaurants and usually the service is top notch waiter was below average but would defiantly go back here..  it is really great food and worth every penny!! The view is phenomenal; the city looks serene and calm from high above!" I give very few 5 star reviews however I must say that this place is without doubt the most deserving.  The food is simply amazing as is their outstanding wine list and best views in the valley.  This place will satisfy the most demanding critic.  After a delightful dinner the wife and I spent several hours dancing in the lounge to live music classy music.  This place makes you feel like everyday is a honeymoon.  If you are looking for a place to impress anyone this is it.  Great Job Hilton.  and you can even eat outside when the weather is warm enough.  Just make sure you call in a reservation well in advance to make sure you get a good window table." Yes at A Different Pointe of View Restaurant all of the above can certainly be enjoyed however it's true value is the VIEW of the Valley of the Sun.....it is unmatched. The manager said if we could find a better view in Arizona....please let him know....well I don't know about the Entire state of Arizona....but as for the Valley maybe the view from the Wrigley mansion would come close.....but it can't touch the AWESOME VIEWS you can witness at A Different Pointe of View. Don't take my word for it....just try it for yourself and I think you will see things from a Different Pointe of View as well. Eat Amazing view and atmosphere and the lobster bisque was out of this world.  So rich and creamy. The salad with the strawberries was very fresh and flavorful.  I would highly recommend!  one of the best fine dining options in The Valley. Just review the menu carefully and listen to your server....you don't want to be out-ordered!" it was our first time here and we were thoroughly impressed!"  we suddenly felt massively full. We had a hard time eating the rest of our meal and had to bring most of it home. We both had that sick-full feeling throughout the rest of the night. Maybe it was just us I'd like to bring a date here sometime."  or to bring your out of town guests for drinks and for the view." The service was outstanding and of course the view is worth every penny.  Want to impress or wow a date  but the lounge food was good.  They also serve marshmallows that you can roast in one of the fire pits around.  The view is beautiful  but it's well worth it and you won't leave disappointed. If you like American or French food (who doesn't?) and have a special occasion or just feel like doing something different "The most amazing experience ! Chef Anthony's passion comes through with every bite... Ian's service was impeccable. He was a step ahead  we walked out onto the patio and down to the bar section to take some pictures with the city in the background.  The weather was amazing and we were so lucky to have the cityscape as our backdrop.  Dinner was a little pricey but I was glad we could share a fancy dinner on a special occasion."  service off charts and food was as exotic as i have seen i would come back over and over again if i could afford it definatey a special occasion place!!" 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ  and the outside dinning sealed off for another corp event. They didn't let us know ( we had reservations) until we arrived. This was extremely disappointing. All they offered were a bunch of "" I'm sorries"". Very disappointing." "The views from this restaurant are amazing.  We were very pleased with everything from the wine list to the dark chocolate for desert.  The menu is nice the food presentation and qualtiy ""the best""."  I 100% recommend you stop in and have dinner and drinks at Different Pointe of View. It has been one of my favorite Phoenix restaurants for many years. It's a perfect place for locals and out of town visitors alike. My only recommendations for improvements would be to add a server or two to the outside patio bar area since it tends to be slow on busy evenings. Also  I would also dine out on their patio by the fire pit." We are going to give it one more try and I sincerely hope this was a one-time problem."  about what you'd expect for the price (but that's not why you're here). You're here because those twinkling lights of Phoenix spread out before you both  will whisper sweet nothings to her like nothing YOU could ever think of. Nothing more romantic. So yo  and then never returned to our table until the meal was over.  We had a steak which was significantly undercooked (purple as opposed to medium rare)  the salad was tiny with wilted lettuce and the mussels(surprisingly) were good. By the time we saw our waitress again we were finished with our meal. I asked her about the Kobe sliders and commented that they are always prepared well done and she quickly brushed off my comment and walked off.So much for the customer is always right. Needless to say my husband and I were very disappointed to spend a hefty amount of money for so-so food and terrible service. Needless to say we will not go to Different Pointe of View again and will NOT recommend it to our family and friends." "We were in the lounge on Friday. What a beautiful room and patio. Service was not impressive at all. Our server paid very little attention to us and lacked any kind of professionalism or personality. While we were all chatting and visiting with an out of town guest she came over Everything was AMAZING and it's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in DC!"  and slices of duck all around with a raspberry citrus sauce that was absolutely incredible - i ordered it on recommendation of our favorite server - Ian- i was a bit nervous because i don't like duck...BUT Highly recommend if you're bringing a newbie to Phoenix or if you'd like a romantic night out."  and great food.  I like to ""wow"" my family from out of town on what a great place the Phoenix/Scottsdale areas are.  This is one of the true bright spots.  I will be coming back again and hopefully for the bar/lounge scene." dptMPpMR2gC2vxxrH57b4w "Nice patio up in the mountains with a view of the Scottsdale area.  Several fire pits for you to sit around and relax.  Choice of Dinner inside/out.  I was there on a company function and there was a set dinner menu.  The food was respectable I was kind of disappointed because the place had such great ratings.  The view was nice and the drive up was exciting.  But the dinner was anticlimatic that climaxed at the bisque." Five stars for impeccable service by Tim Robbins I suggest arriving a little before the dinner reservation to enjoy drinks on the patio while watching the sunset...always a treat! Call ahead of time to find out whether the patio will be open - it has happened to me twice that it was reserved for private functions. (Which was totally my bad - but maybe someone else can benefit from it.)" "My boyfriend took me here on my birthday and it was AMAZING! I cant even remember what we ordered but everything we got was absolutely DELICIOUS!!!! our waiter was great. So friendly and engaging. His recommendations were fantastic. The view was spectacular. We went at night  and a true professional he was.  Sometime you have an experience that you know will be burned in your memory for a long time... this was one of them.  Thank you Luis and DPOV for making our anniversary such a great one." I simply cannot review this place because it's too amazing. This confirms my opinion that restaurants that claim to have a great view rarely have good food but are always overpriced.  This one is also old and run down. Verdict:  I'd love to bring the wife here in the future for a meal and view!  Hoping to come back soon!"  and the meal was divine. I have a gluten allergy and they could not have been more helpful It was such a fantastic experience from start to finish I really think this is one of those places every Phoenician must go at least once. Great food  a wonderful evening with my Love and an excellent dining experience."  it's been a special occasion and the staff has always done something personalized for us to make the night special. We got to meet Chef Anthony and he even made a special surprise appetizer for us a few times. I brought my wife here for our first date I am so thankful to Catlyn and the staff at Different Pointe of View who played a part in my little surprise.  Thank you for helping me bring joy to two special ladies.  The way the evening went made me feel like they were just as important to the staff as they are to me.  Next time I am in Phoenix I will be stopping by to say hello and enjoy the food for myself sweet view and great food and good wine  but there might be an event that makes it harder to get a table (as we discovered). There's a lounge downstairs that also has the beautiful view that serves appetizers."  I expect a little better service when dropping a couple of hundred bucks. Other than the view and the ambiance- I wouldn't recommend this restaurant."  I dined here with a party of seven on a very special occasion for me.  I have been taking ""out of town guests""  here for many years.  Our server for the evening was Ian and he performed in an exemplary manner as expected.  Unknown to me Probably not a place I'd go back to but those who like gourmet with fantastic views will enjoy it here." The service is very old-fashioned and very doting but the menu needs a re-think.  Times have changed but this place is stuck in the 90's.  bottom line "One of the best views ever. We sampled a few of the cocktails and the lounge food. The scallops were amazing. We tried two of the salads  and will definitely come back for another special occasion dinner."  especially if you get to have dinner on the patio. The service and food were very good. Go early to the bar before dinner so you can see the sunset behind the mountains... Breathtaking! Dinner for two with a bottle of wine  we went to the Terrace for drinks/apps which is just one floor below and has the same identical App menu. We sat on the patio there & had a great time. We went upstairs for our dinner at 0730. I had the salad with blood orange vinagraitte which was delicious and then I had the filet and my friend had the hanger steak. My steak was delicious. It came with something weird on the side that I didn't care for  especially if you are staying at the resort and have budgeted for an expensive night out.  I would (That's not the double Maker's on the rocks talking!)" 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ I'm not sure why I'm not giving it 5 stars but it certainly deserves the 4 I'm giving it.  Probably because of the price  the clams are huge!! It's a nice place to take love one to see the sunset while enjoying dinner up on the mountain."  and it was perfect! The coffee crusted pork tenderloin and the veal osso bucco were both delicious. The apples on the rocks and the brownie desserts were great finishers to a perfect meal. We were staying at the adjacent Hilton hotel Would definitely recommend this place for someone looking for a romantic dinner spot in the Phoenix area." Our wait staff was professional and efficient. No  and a goat cheese dip so that was also fantastic. My only complaint was that the entrees were a little hum drum. I had the hangar steak and my friend had the pork and both were just lacking in overall flavor and both were a little on the dry side (and I ordered mine medium so that's not really expected). Had it not been restaurant week This is a wonderful date night restaurant. My boyfriend and I both agreed if we ever find ourselves in Phoenix again  I had the chocolate espresso cup for dessert which had homemade espresso ice cream on a rich chocolate cake with marscapone cheese...wonderful. We enjoyed a great bottle of Chardonay that remained chilled during our dinner tableside. After dinner "I could not believe I have not been to this place before. I have lived in AZ most my life and can say I don't always give restaurants at a hotel a chance. I went during restaurant week and was able to sample a few of the restaurants best dishes. I was blow away! Not only was the food amazing I was a guest at the resort. My girlfriend and I decided to book reservations for this restaurant. We were told our reservations would be at 800pm but when we arrived at 745pm they were changed without warning. After waiting 45 mins the hostess  let us know our table was ready. Then after walking up to the 3rd floor we were told by someone else that it would be another couple minutes. I understand its an experience but waiting 1 hour for a table when you have reservations is absolutely unprofessional especially for a half empty restaurant. When we finally were about to be seated the hostess asked me to take off my hat. I looked around there were people in shorts and T-shirts and I can't wear a hat. Already upset by the poor first impression I walked out before I was seated. The staff I encountered were rude and arrogant. Terrible experience and I will never go back. We were both in heaven when we left and almost needed to be wheeled out since we were so full! I highly recommend them for your next evening out! So good!" The view for this place is nice and their food tasted not too bad but the price just doesn't justify what you get. They have some of the smallest portions I have ever seen for a pretty penny. The waiter I had was a bit of a prick and I was forced to pay him basically a 40% tip. I dined in a party of 6 and they add a service charge on top of a 20% gratuity for parties of 6 or more. It's ridiculous and so not worth going to. I'm from LA so seeing overly priced food with so so service doesn't get high marks from me. I won't be coming back. You're really just paying for the view. I am so disappointed with this place. "I have been to Different Pointe of View with my family for Easter years ago.  Last night was my first time back to the restaurant and could not have been more disappointed.  In walking into the restaurant you are greeted by a very musty  ""You can't come to the Pointe and miss out on the creme brulee."" He was SO right. I hate dessert and it made me never want to say no to a dessert again. One thing to remember is to prepare for a long service. Food like this is worth it. My one complaint: the clam broth was underseasoned. Seems like small potatoes to me."  we realized this is a place we can't justify coming back to It was fun to try something new  I had the chef special which was giant scallops and prawns on bamboo risotto. The scallops and prawns were perfectly cooked and seasoned  you will have a stellar view over downtown Phoenix.  The wine steward was very helpful in helping us choose a wine that paired well with our meals.  We tried the spare rib ravioli for our appetizer.  The ravioli was good and the corn relish that accompanied the ravioli was sweet and creamy.  I had the filet and my husband had the pork.  My filet was cooked to temperature and the horseradish sauce and white bean puree that accompanied the dish were delightful.  Every bite melted in my mouth.  My husband's dish was also splendid and cooked to perfection.  We had the ""turtle"" dessert that was on the sweet side Summary - This is a great place for a date night. It's romantic  the restaurant allows you to go out to the patio and take photos or just take in the magnificent view" "Wow! what a lovely evening! Breathtaking views of the Valley coupled with innovative cuisine beautifully prepared and presented. Went with the recommendation of the waiter and ordered the pork belly appetizer. Although it wouldn't have been something I would have chosen We come back every year to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The view is incredible and the food and service are just as good. Bill was a great host like always and we look forward to our next trip. I had the Filet and my wife had the hanger steak - I would recommend both entrees. Don't miss out on a drink and view at the Terrace Room!"  my desert of choice was chocolate  turtle. Service was excellent and people friendly. Great place for a romantic dinner and afterwards you can enjoy the outside terrace one floor down with their beautiful firepit and warm comfortable seating. Their you can enjoy the stars as well as the city lights and snuggle next to your loved one while enjoying your favorite drink. Good place to get back on track if you lost your way. WORTH IT" I am a fan and I will go again!" 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ "First time to Phoenix and couple in plane seats next to us recommended we check out DPOV. So we made 5pm reservations on Sat night. We were blown away. Top shelf wine  I would go back in a heartbeat for the view alone! We sat outside both nights (October) and were blown away by the breath-taking view of the city. So romantic. You have to try this place!!!"  it was well worth coming here.  We'd definitely come here again in the future if the occasion arises!" I have been to many great restaurants and this meal ranked in the top 20 of all-time. We had the tasting menu and I highly recommend it. Great restaurant with a fantastic view1  it was great. Take your loved one to this restaurant for great food and the experience. Definitely one of a kind in Arizona." Great food... great view. Very apt for special occasions. My hubby took me there for my birthday and made it very special. A must visit.  and our waiter and sommelier truly acted as if they were happy to be serving us. We were tended to often "Hostess rudely cut us off on the stairs. Waiter talked over us. Mentioned food allergy yet had food served that we are highly allergic to (but I fortunately noticed before it was consumed). Under par for what you pay for and would expect from the Hilton. On the bright side "This was a treat a fiesta in my mouth with delicious. ""All shit was good"" it was good from start to end. Would love to come here again and try the chief specials. Very nice chief The food and service were excellent. The view and atmosphere are incredible. A must see if you are in the area. Perfect spot for a romantic night."  the food is even better worth dying and coming back for. The lobster was so tender and flavorful along with the filet mignon. The service ""Ian"" was truly amazing  but worth it! The food was prepared and deilvery to perfection. The Lamb Loin was tender. Superb Lobster Bisque We came with a party of seven and we got a table with a gorgeous view. We had our appetizers and while we were waiting for our entrees our server recommended that we go outside and look at the view.. I didn't know that was a cue and my fianc proposed here! I couldn't be happier! It was a beautiful view  and probably one of the most romantic restaurants I have ever been to. We ate very late and the servers were so sweet and not rushing us at all. Short ribs appetizer was particularly memorable. Definitely recommend for a special occasion or just an unforgettable dinner!"   what a great place to relax and sip on some wonderfully prepared cocktails with your significant other.  The food is always something special Oh and P.S.- we're going back tonight for a wedding. Muahahahahaha. Round 2 suckaaaaz!"  and can't believe I didn't review it.  Have been talking about it ever since and have sent several people here-all said the same things about it.  Great food "This place gets a 5 star in a heart beat. Absolutely romantic restaurant at the very top of a mountain in Phoneix. It gives you a breathtaking view of the city. Beautifully decorated patio area  all around - and everything was prepared / showed well and tasted great. Prices are on the higher side but the overall experience is worth it." Horrible experience for such a special occasion."  as we savored the special meal and continued to enjoy the beautiful evening. Different Pointe of View is a gem!"  great views. Clearly I have run out of things to say." Called to make a reservation. The girl put me on hold for 15 minutes and forgot about me. I hang up and call back. She checks and nothing available that day. Thanks for wasting my time on hold. If service is like this girl on the phone I will pass on this restaurant!  unhelpful and uninformed. We flew in from Detroit and made reservations over a week in advance to ensure a memorable evening. It was memorable  great view and good food. The customer service is top notch too." So I guess that is how they make a little extra."  presentation and the view.  My wife and I came here to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  We enjoyed their gourmet  duck dish and a fabulous creme brle  for dessert.  Service was impeccable!"  which was perfect because we got to watch the whole city transform from day to night from up above.  As expected  food below average for what i expect & service was poor."  the high expectations of good food due to such beautiful view did not work for us Decent service. Overpriced drinks- Minty mountain spice and seasonal buck are very good. Kobe sliders were cool like they sat out not very appetizing but the fries were fantastic. View well worth a visit for just a drink or apps. We will likely be back soon!" Romantic atmosphere with a gorgeous view.  I highly recommend the Chef Menu with the wine pairing. My husband and I have gone there for our anniversary twice now and it exceeded our expectations on both occasions. The wait staff are top notch and enjoy discussing each course and wine pairing. If you truly enjoy fine dining you will love this restaurant! "I took my girlfriend here about a year ago when I first asked her to be my girlfriend.  At the time the food was amazing and the view was about as good as it gets.  The price I remember was pretty reasonable.  Honestly "You can't beat this place for the views.  Beautiful location and the city lights make it enjoyable.  The food was very well prepared and delicious.  Service was slow and had to track down our waiter to get the check.  Waited too long... Overall  great experience and we'll definitely come again."  it was unbelievably delicious. CHEF ANTHONY stopped by at the table and his personality was uplifting just like the food. Zee the manager that night was very hospitable. My friends and I had one of the best dining experiences of our lives.  We will definitely come back and tell all our friends. I saved the best for last. You can see the whole Phoenix Skyline. The views are breath taking. Wall to wall windows surround the restaurant on top of a mountain. At night  great experience and we will come again."  we went outside to look at the city lights. It made me BREATHLESS! I fell in love with the scenery. This is definitely a night I will never forget :) Beautiful sightings and wonderful delicious food. What more can you ask? :D"  and we received it. The food was visually stunning and quite tasty. It was a bit expensive. If you are going to have a drink and some wine with dinner The August issue of Wine Spectator is out and Different Pointe of View was awarded a Best of Award of Excellence.  Congrats!  service and views in all of AZ.  The view alone from the restaurant is enough to trump most establishments here in the Valley.  If you are looking to take your significant other on an anniversary  but we were stuffed!  So we moved outside and just enjoyed the view with our cocktails for a little while.  I can't wait to go back!"  but the real star is the view - best spot for date night in the valley." Different Pointe of View will always hold a special place in my heart."  as if I was sucking that gooey stuff straight from the lobster's head Possibly a slightly off night." Great place to dine!  Amazing views and really good food :)  and brought us two appetizers instead and after we explained the error he still charged us. The experience and food was great but I think the servers could be friendlier. At the end of the meal we wanted to get a picture so we went to the floor below the restaurant to take a picture and the two servers acted like it was such a kink in their schedule to take one picture of us. All in all the food  French fries.... So hard to pick knowing that the view is gorgeous." Have a special dinner coming up?  Try Different Pointe of View Had a great time. The view was fantastic. 5 course meal was awesome. Can't wait to come back. Top notch! I could sit on the patio all day before the Mosquitos starting attacking lol"  and service. The Hanger Steak was cooked to perfection and the risotto was a great addition. I tried my wife's pork tenderloin and it was just as good as the steak. We ended up eating off each other's plates. We were not disappointed and would come back. (They did lose our reservation  very serene--not cheap as my martini was like $13 or so--but so worth it just for the view and sitting pleasure." We are vacationing here from Miami. Needless to say we know good food. This restaurant was impeccable. From the amazing food to the super friendly service...5 stars all the way!! Beautiful views this is a great place to enjoy dinner with someone special or even a group of people.  Also a great place to just go have drinks at. The views are breathtaking.  ordered the five-course chef tasting with wine pairing. View was amazing. Service was perfect We decided to do the brunch on Thanksgiving Day. Turned out to be a great choice. We had a table with a great view of the valley. The food was superb. Best prime rib at a buffet I've ever had. Great shrimp and snow crab claws. Service was excellent. Definitely recommend DPOV for special events.  and I love fish. Our server noticed we weren't really eating it and ask us what was wrong. We told him and they actually gave the meals for free. Love that kind of service. I usually don't send food back or complain It is pricy. What restaurant with outstanding view Especially by Louis. Worthy place to enjoy your anniversary. Scenic view of the Phoenix city...!!" "One of the best dinning experiences of my life.  My wife and I recently went to celebrate of 4th wedding anniversary.  We were greeted so warmly when we checked in with the hostess and it seemed every one on the staff was aware of our special day.  Our waiter was very attentive  the view was magnificent. What more can you say  I always have next year!" "We came here to celebrate my dad's birthday.  I planned the seating time to coincide with sunset and that was GLORIOUS.  With all the vivid colors of the sun setting and seeing the city come to life  there is nothing wrong with the food here but we didn't walk away thinking that we had experienced a supremely talented chef." It is an up-scale fine dining restaurant with breathtaking views of the city. The service is timely and professional. The food was remarkable  but i'm assuming they're charging for the ""experience"". I got the Chicken and risotto. Babe got the scallops & said they were good. We both tried the lobster bisque and it was extremely rich I won't go back.  I would have had a better meal at many other restaurants I can think of.  The view and service are nice to haves - but the food is paramount - and for what you're charging  & Different Pointe of View.  Different Pointe of View would come in second to Tomasos.. but just because I am italian and love pasta :-)   If I am to be in PHX again  with wine's from Italy's Tedeschi Wines. Reservations can be made by calling (602) 866-6350."  I didn't know the restaurant had only one banana for all the deserts that evening at least that is what it felt like I got about a 1/4 cup of something that resembled chocolate and had heavy cream in it with 2 small slices of bananas on top it was a joke and they charged $10.00 for that. My husbands was just as small and lacked any flavor other than Chocolate  along with great service!  If the food were just a bit more exceptional  and I just don't get it.  How anyone could leave hungry after a starter and entre is truly beyond me.  I also don't get the reviewers who complained about the prices.  Yes  no one from the service staff offered to politely  refill our wine glasses something that we noticed at several tables- next the main course was brought out again to me first  Richard W all were outstanding. I would have rated it 4 or 5 stars but several of our courses (Appetizer and entrees) were way too salty. I do not know what it is about chefs these days but they need to learn that less is more. Food would have been great with MUCH less salt. Not sure I would return. Just not healthy or tasty."  that's the reason I decide to go there on our anniversary 2/5" The risotto is absolutely amazing!"  amazing service from Lenny and delectable food. A great way to celebrate my fiancees birthday. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone."  we ordered the ravioli and arugula salad and for the entrees I ordered the shrimp and with black rice and my boyfriend ordered the sea bass. We both cleared our plates. My shrimp was season and cooked perfectly and his fish was very fresh tasting. For dessert we ordered the creme brle and we were fighting over it! It was that good! Since it was my birthday they brought out a rich chocolate cake and that was delicious as well. All in all I enjoyed my visit. I will definitely come back before my next birthday! Will recommend."  the arugula apple was better than the endive (too salty - I am all for bacon but it could have been incorporated more tactfully).  Her scallop entree was very good.  My sea bass was just not flavorful.  Cooked correctly 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ We went for drinks what a fun a beautiful atmosphere.  We very much enjoyed the ambiance it was very special.  I wish they would open for lunch!  the food! I had the New York strip steak and it was AMAZING. The dessert is another story. I have never had a dessert like this. We had the 31 year old creme brle and let me just tell you...GET IT. Of course  perfectly cooked but I had so much going on my plate my taste buds were confused.  The sauce that came with the okra was extremely strong flavored as well as the olive tapenade on top of the scallops.  Bacon does not always go on everything.  I had to scrape all the topping off my scallops to actually taste them.  The dessert was ordinary and dry.  Loved the staff." This spot deff has the right name. And deff the view is just breathtaking. A perfect spot for a romantic special night...We got the lobster biscuit and sausage ravioli and hands down it was great. However the portion size are a little small in my opinion. The service was on point. And the view was amazing. Absolutely breath taking views with amazing food! Our waiter was great his name was Ian (he looked exactly like Billy Campbell). I would recommend doing a reservation between 6:30 and 7:00 that seemed to have been the perfect time. We ordered the bass and pork tenderloin and both were amazing. Also had the goat cheese potatoes as our side (Ian let us substitute) and a side order of the gnocchi (which I'm still drooling over). Then for dessert we had this amazing cinnamon pudding sponge cake with ice cream and it was delicious! I will definitely be back and would definitely recommend this restaurant! "Dinner and service was amazing! Had a great deal which was a 3 course meal for 44 dollars. I got lobster bisque which was to die for   ravioli and all top notch.  I had arugula salad with apples also good.  Wife had scallops for dinner and said best in recent memory.  And she is picky.  I had filet which was perfect.  Also best in recent memory.  Everyone raved on the dessert too. Reasonable prices I thought for location. Areas to sit outside on edge of mountain.  A must try." I can imagine this to be a great place for someone who wants to rest after a stressful day and watch the city lights from a place tucked away on a mountain - and doesn't mind spending minimum $65 per person.  Maybe it is a good idea to check if the pork 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ The food is amazing. The portions seem small to anyone not used to more up-scale dining  I expect a server to be kind and friendly. Our server was rude and not too pleasant. The food was great (servings very small though). Pricey! The view was excellent though. A great place to be around sunset. :)"  the lobster was fresh and you get that buttery fresh flavor very delicious. We didn't feel that the wonton/dumpling was complimenting the dish though  and great food BUT it had to be knocked down a star because while the food IS good... the prices are astronomical.  If you want to go for just the view- I suggest going to the lounge one level below and having cocktails and appetizers."  give them a lump of crap call it pt they won't know the difference how can you give this place 5 stars when all you wrote about was how bad this place was. Helllo  1 star = bad 5 star = good"  which makes you wonder if you're missing something that others have figured out..."  we walked out onto the patio and enjoyed the view of the lit up city. If you want a dining experience that will bring happiness to your stomach and enjoyment to your heart Food was delicious. The prefix menu was hard to beat in terms of price and had plenty of items to choose from. View was amazing. Our server Luis was very helpful and entertaining.  We will definitely be back for future special occasions.  but your server will let you know. Our daughter had the steak fillet with fries and omg it was really good too lol. The presentation was beautiful as well. Thank you for making my husband's 29th wonderful." Simply amazing. Breathtaking views. Excellent service. The food was incredible and best of all the now fianc said yes. Be prepared for the price but I guarantee you will not be disappointed. They even gave us free champaign and dessert. Will definitely be back for our 1 year anniversary. Four stars or four diamonds either way this place is amazing. I couldn't imagine a more enjoyable meal. We had the best service the best food. Great pairing of wines. I can't wait to come back.... lobster bisque must have Took my girlfriend there for her birthday and she totally loved it. The food was awesome and the service was on point. The view was worth every penny Amazing view you can see whole city specially if your there at night. Have to call and reserve a table outside they only have a couple available for outside seating. Food was small portions  but DELICIOUS!!!!  i recommend the monkish with the artchioke really good. Gentleman this is a panty dropper you take a woman here Have a cocktail one level below at the cocktail lounge and soak in the view.  Let the stress dissipate and enjoy the company you're with."  was not. We had an older gentleman with white hair as our server who nearly ruined the experience for us. As I stated before the online menu for restaurant week is not accurate...I had chosen DPOV because it claimed to be serving duck confit (best thing I've ever ate). This was not the case and when my husband went out on a limb just to make sure we couldn't order it our server said ""not if you want restaurant week!"" okaaaay....understandable but maybe approach it diferently (ie. 'unfortuantely it's not one of the featured items OR I could do that for an extra sur-charge'). We ordered our starters and entrees Went Saturday night for restaurant week menu.  Food was good and view great.  Unfortunately we had a waiter  that was so hyper he basically ruined the evening.  From the minute we sat down he was in our faces talking a mile a minute and rather condescending. Thanks to the busboy for filling water glasses and bringing bread-he was professional and polite. When we left I mentioned to the hostess the odd behavior of the waiter and she knew immediately who I was talking about.  They really need to reevaluate their personnel.  We dropped over $300 and expect a lot better experience.  best dish  would be duck confetti. Nice place to go on a date." 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ  service was just ok. We had reservations for 6 and didn't eat until 7 with no one in the restaurant. The experience was just average overall. One thing I did not like was when we checked out the server added 15% gratuity to our bill. We are usually 20% tippers even if the service is average so not sure why it was done for a party of 2. Would not go back." "Amazing view and the food was truly delicious. The service could have been stronger...it was not on par with the quality or price of the food We love eating outside when the weather is right and Different Pointe of View is our favorite. The chef's tasting menu option is the best! Our only complaint is that their selections for restaurant week could be better. Overall one of the best dining experiences in the valley. "The view is amazing and we were lucky to be there in time to watch the sun go down. We chose to eat outside which was taking a chance because when the sun went down it got cold pretty fast. I would have thought they would have had some heaters outside. Both the service and food were outstanding. We never felt rushed and we were given great suggestions for food. We also received information about the mountains and areas around the property. The restaurant is high up the hill so make sure you keep following the signs to the restaurant. There is also a great lounge area and we were planning on having an after dinner drink there but it was so cold inside  excellent food choices and a very hard working friendly staff.  The entire evening was enjoyable."  I didn't want to leave. It is a beautiful romantic spot and we will definitely be returning Remember that dining should be a great experience and in my ""point of view"" this' Point of View' checked all the boxes."  I think) was wonderful. He was knowledgeable about wines as well as everything on the menu including the special of the day. One of the reasons I picked this place is because they have several gluten free items from which to choose. First Downstairs they have a bar/lounge with comfortable seating where you can order drinks/appetizers and enjoy the view. There's also a fire pit which is nice if it's a little chilly. Drinks and food are pricey and you're definitely paying for the ambience. Very romantic spot but next time I may opt for the lounge."  and was not disappointed. Service and food was amazing!! And the beautiful view of Phoenix at night was incredible. Definitely coming back. Would love to thank our waiter Luis for an amazing service. He went over and beyond to make this celebration memorable. Thank you Luis  for me.  The view is to die for.  And the service was excellent.  :)" 3cR6U4jdc5H24SKgTSgZ-A  & the atmosphere!  I had the lobster bisque- it was out of this world!!  So full of flavor & yumminess!!  I also had the black rice and shrimp- I was full!!  The shrimp were cooked to perfection!  Their butter had apple flavor to it- made dinner rolls more  scrumptious. Darrren Very romantic and elegant place. Enjoyed a 4 course meal on New Years Eve. Not only do you enjoy the amazing food but the view is also breathe taking. We will definitely be coming back here! 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ My favorite part about my first experience at Different Pointe of View was that the food was just as incredible as the view. My wife took me for my birthday and it was a first for us both. We went at night and had a great table w/ a view. The service was incredible as well. My wife and I both started w/ a bowl of Lobster bisque and we both had the Filet Mignon w/blue cheese and a reduction sauce that was phenomenal. We had Zero complaints and the satisfaction of the moment left little room for words. We added a few cocktails to top it all off. I would definitely recommend dining here.  white truffle risotto and oysters were the selections. Followed by our delectable entrees! The short ribs were out of this world and the Steelhead w/shrimp risotto was melt in your mouth. Followed by a special anniversary dessert and we added the creme brle-delicious! The service of the waitstaff was impeccable; This was definitely a 5-star experience and will return!"  the service was some of the best I ever experienced. I never had to look for my waiter. My water glass was always full. And the staff offered to take photos of us several times in different settings. Even took us outside and took a photo of us with the view behind us. I would absolutely return and would absolutely recommend this place to my friends. Of course  was very knowledgable in the wine department as well. He offered food and drink suggestions we couldn't be happier with. Most important they had my favorite dish... Pork belly!  Melt-in-your-mouth perfection. To cap it off Compliments to the chef and the entire staff at Different Pointe of view...I look forward to the next time I'm lucky enough to return!" I am a fairly regular customer of the Different Pointe of View but they regularly close the restaurant for major events like weddings or company sponsored events.  Tonight was a good example. Although it was a Tuesday and closed there were no signs telling visitors or guests the restaurant was closed to the public. If you have every been to this restaurant you would know it is a long drive up a steep hill for quite some distance. Once you get there again no sign or anything to tell you the place is reserved or closed to the public. It is only when you try to enter they tell you that you can't enter. Tonight I brought a friend who just moved to Phoenix to show them the restaurant and bar area.  I was told very rudely that I could not go in and was not able to show my friend the restaurant. I explained that I did not want to enter the restaurant or terrace area bit just show them the facility. Very disappointed in the lack of courtesy or at least a sign to show the place is reserved. Welcome to Phoenix and the Hilton Hotel. "I'd first off like to say that my experience at this beautiful restaurant was amazing. Amazing waiter and amazing service. The food was great I had the chicken Fulton Short ribs were best I've ever had! Not to mention the view is spectacular. This was the best restaurant I've ever had the opportunity to try! Highly recommended. Came here recently for an anniversary. Would have given the place 5 stars but my boyfriend called a month in advance to get a window seat to enjoy the views and they did not deliver on that. Anyways with that being said the food and service was great. The views are to die for and was definitely a memorable experience. For a high end restaurant the prices are affordable at like 25-40$ generally per entre. We will be back again! 3Zsjlum5kl5N5KV712aTMQ I'd defiantly go back to enjoy drinks "My wife and family planned a surprise dinner for my birthday. I thought it was the two of us but it ended up as 8 including my daughter who flew in from Seattle. The setting was incomparable with exquisite views of nighttime Phoenix! The setting I went out to a dinner here about 9 years ago. My only problem that I still have with this place was the quality of the actual beef. Or maybe how it was cooked in not to sure. The texture.... I'm not sure. But I still crave that stupid steak from this place. I have traveled the world several times and have dined at many fine restaurants. This one takes the bees knees."  well it feels like that. The food was really good from what I remember but the view is even better. It is little expensive but it's worth it on special occasions.  It's not very easy to find the restaurant or parking since its in the back section of the complex. After I was told that it was nice/casual and felt underdressed when I arrived.  The staff were gracious and kind.  A great experience."  and the pork tenderloin. Holy cow the food (all of it) was absolutely amazing. Even the bread along with the three different dips for it was delicious.  We shared all of our dishes and everything was melt in your mouth good and succulent.  The pork belly really did melt in your mouth and the sauce..oh my we were fighting (playfully) over dipping our bread in the sauce. My steelhead trout was the best I have had to date. I was so full but I made sure to eat every last bite (my stomach was not happy with me). All the other ladies throughly enjoyed their meals as well. How we actually had room for dessert I still have no idea but we all took one for the team and ordered dessert as well. I was surprised with a happy birthday creme brulee from the chef which was just as heavenly as the rest of my meal. The wine  and the food is amazing. I took my parents here on our vacation and they were extremely impressed. I would hands down suggest this for a special occasion or just a nice night out. If you're not interested in eating Perfect date night/celebration spot!! The steak was perfectly cooked and the risotto makes for a perfect appetizer. There's truly nothing like it in the Phoenix area. "It's been years since I have been here and there food is still amazing.   Great views My only qualm was that for such a nice restaurant you could at least serve warm bread." Fantastic view of downtown. Great service. Highly recommend. Had a lovely evening for my wife's birthday. "Maybe the best oysters I have ever had.   Would think about coming back to Phoenix just to go and eat them again.   Everything was excellent The view was also breath taking.  It was a perfect evening to celebrate the beauty of our relationship.   If you want to experience something heavenly you should really give Different Pointe of View a shot. I don't think you will be disappointed!!!"  but did not seem up to par for the elegance of the restaurant. I would still go back and give it another try."  and a tomato based spread as well.  The bread is not warm though.  They could improve in this area.  An olive oil with Mediterranean herbs would have been a nice option in the trio.  Luis also brought out a small shot glass like container for each of us to sample their lobster bisque.  WOW!  It is heavier and very creamy.  I kind of wished I had ordered it as an appetizer.  In my past DPOV visits This is shocking customer service coming from a resort with multiple 4 diamond ratings." Excellent meal with lovely views. Duck confit with risotto was delightfully crispy and flavorful. My husband enjoyed a perfectly cooked fillet. Wonderful place for a special occasion. We'll be back!  outstanding food quality combines to make this well worth the trip.  Highly recommended." Different Pointe of View is the restaurant that makes you feel like every meal is the best meal you've ever had. The service and waitstaff are impeccable and impressively knowledgeable on wine pairings to create the perfect blend of flavors for even the most discerning of palates. The beautiful mountain and city views only enhance an already wonderful experience. Highly recommend!  and went down a level to check out the beautiful fire feature. I'd definitely recommend this place for a special occasion... it was a lovely way to wish our friends well before their move!" This place was amazing. View spectacular and the food and service top notch. Overall a really great experience that comes with a spectacular view. A little pricey but that's to be expected."  service and views. Hard to beat. This is our favorite ""high-end"" restaurant in the valley."  even came out to our table to greet us. The old saying is ""never trust a skinny chef."" Trust THIS one! From this culinary experience at Different Point of View Great venue for a romantic sunset dinner.  Glass of wine outside during sunset and greay city views during dinner.  Great menu and service.  Catered to a special menu request above and beyond.  Thanks  you could tell the chef is amazing with his pairings and preparations .. I had the scallops which were the size of my head lol and my husband had an amazingly marinated and flavorful filet that was prepared to perfection ... What can I say even my vegetables tasted incredible like they were marinated before hand . The staff was on top of everything .. Took away my plate I said thank you .. ""With pleasure"" the bus boy states "" no really thank you"" I say "" no no it's my pleasure o love to clean"" he says lol what a great staff very on point and ready to cater to your ever need. The  architecture is very beautiful .. So after dinner we decided to visit the many fountains and check out the scenery . We just had a really great time on the rare occasion that we do go out . Thank you Different Point of View for the beautiful evening ."  one of the top dates of all time."  this restaurant is fantastic in terms of the service setting and views (they have a lovely and large patio that is great for after dinner pictures  decent place. Excellent views. Good service. No complaints. It's a bit pricey but you're splurging. Is what it is." Kinda challenging to find  Tomato Infused Grilled Bistro Steak. My boyfriend and I both got the Tahitian Vanilla Bean Crme Brle and Devil's Delight. I recommend anyone to go at least once if you have the opportunity as you will not be disappointed! On top of that  I'll be on the hunt for Greek / Middle Eastern Cuisine that compares to that I grew up with in Detroit!" I forgot my lunch at home on this day and had passed by Saba's on the way to work so I thought I'd give it a whirl.  I ordered the Gyros dinner plate with a side of hummus.  Everything was tasty and served in a reasonable amount of time.  In general I'd try it again.  or an entree salad..have tried their entrees and they are just OK..so I stick to the tried and true....if I am hankering for a gyro I think of Saba's"  though I can't really tell a good falafel from a bad falafel unless it is total crap).  The baba ganoush was a little less smoky tasting than I have had at other places  I would most likely order something else and give it another try I do wish it was maybe open a little later. Sometimes this mama and daddy settle for late dinners due to the little one and there have been times when after 9 I just want to run across the street. But  in presentation or in taste. Their pitas are fantastic..not thin and dry like the grocery stores. They were fluffy and doughy as they should be. Followed it up with the Gyro and it was plenty filling on its own without any sides added. I noticed below that someone was complaining about the amount received in the sides and from the picture  also but be prepared to wreak for days.  The only thing I wish is that they would bring back their afternoon happy hour.  I loved going in there and ordering about 6 appetizers and sharing with friends. Maybe for the summer???" Everything else that I've tried at Saba's has been good but the three above mentioned items are great and my favorites. They are what keep me coming back and should really be considered for anyone visiting this restaurant." The term ""leaves a bad taste in your mouth"" is exactly that. The last thing served in a restaurant is the most memorable. I would have given more than 2 stars if not for the coffee The fiance and I have decided that we are definitely going back whenever we have the craving and will probably take our friends/family there when they come visit." Service was quick other than that I had to ask for a water refill. The prices were fantastic. I will definitely be heading back to try all of the other veggie choices If you're looking for the best falafel in PHX this is the place to go.  so good!  Their gyro meat is meatier than most gyro's I've had and has a little bit different seasoning as well.  I recommend the Sleepy Gyro if you want a salad!  Just try this place out and you won't be disappointed!" Guess you get what you pay for...." I honestly cannot praise this place enough.  It's the right price at a great location with reliable service.  The staff is always friendly and will go out of their way to make sure all of your questions are answered.  Also Final verdict is if you're in the neighborhood and in the mood for Greek food  even when they are out the door with customers." Would I go back to Saba's?  Yes.  Do I want to go back?  Not really." Saba's was very impressive all around.  It's on par with my two favorite locations in Tempe.  This place will be getting a lot of my eating out money.  If it wasn't for other favorite kebab locations in New York City Low key spot where you can be super casual or take a date. Sabas has REALLY good mediterranean food. Quick and friendly services and food is ALWAYS fresh! Good variety of Greek beer!  have great gyros. Their ""world famous"" gyros are only $5 each. They always taste fresh and they are filling. I also recommend their spanikopita and baklava (the walnut one). Their appetizer hummuses are not worthwhile."  the food is tasty and healthy - grilled meats  shawarma and Lamb Kufta. I have to say it was pretty dang good. The baba and hummus were mediocre. I have had better for sure. The lamb could have been better quality but over all the food was good. Got a free baklava which was very good. I loved it. I would say one of the better ones i have tasted. I hate big flaky baklava The service is always friendly but not overly bearing and the servers are usually always the same people at lunch and they are always on top of things and now whats up. The food comes out fast so it's great for a quick lunch spot while still getting sit down service."  tasty and delicious! I love their basmati rice and also had my entree with tabbouleh which was yummy in my fresh pita with the lamb! The falafel gyro was also very good." This is my husband and I's go to place for take out.  and I would recommend if you're looking for a fix in the area." Calamari and Mac n' cheese the best I have ever had! Our whole family absolutely loves eating here. Yum!  This place had my family wanting to go back the very next night. Hubby and son had gyros and loved them. We had the spicy feta fries as an appetizer and...wow!  Dishes are authentic and fresh. Our server was fantastic and brought all of us a small piece of baklava after dinner. We only wish we lived closer so we could visit Saba's more often.  don't get the baklava it was not good. I have had a couple salads as well and they were very tasty!" I had the Red Lentil soup and Sleepy Gyro Salad.  The soup was excellent...I'm going to try to recreate at home for sure.  The large salad was absolutely huge and stacked with gyro meat.  Simply wonderful and I will definitely be back." Excellant lamb shank that falls off the bone. I have also had their gyro and is spot on. I little small so you might have to wait on peak times. I've revisited this place at least three more times for lunch and can confirm my initial impressions are not a fluke.  Excellent service and food! Good 5$ gyro special. Love the fact they have outside seating One of the gyros I've had in a long time! So let me break it down.  The pita bread is delicious and moist as if it was made that morning. I got the chicken schwarma and the chicken was so moist and tender it fell apart. It was layered with some sort of special sauce and rightfully so it WAS special. It was deelish. My fiance got the beef gyro and for someone who doesn't like trying any ethnic foods (meaning anything thats main ingredients aren't meat and cheese)  he was in LOVE. it was awesome. He also ordered the bachlava (sp?) Which was out of this world. They don't use honey in the bachlava so it doesn't have that sticky effect makes for a much more melt in your mouth treat.  So excited to have this place right around the corner. Service was great Great food. Great service. Small Greek salad is huge. Buffalo hummus and baba ganoish were tasty.  Baklava was good end. I will be back. This is our go to place for Mediterranean food.  They have great hummus and baba  ganoush.  I love the build your own appetizer plate.  We have been going here for almost 10 years now and wont stop anytime soon. Love their chipotle gyro lunch special and flaming cheese & hummus app. My sister & I love picking it up to go or eating outside with our babies.  lamb schwarma had almost no seasoning and last night there were 3 people at the register an no one bothered to acknowledge me let alone seat me Great prices great lunch great service and a convenient location The Sleepy Gyro Salad was very good and quite filling. I went with the large. Had the Lamb Shawarma Pita - generous helping of very tender lamb in pita. Very tasty.  make you wanna slap yo' llama.. maybe even yo' momma too! =D jk But they are dammed tasty My 2nd time there. As good as first time. Small little 15 table hole in the wall that serves great food. Good prices and filling portions. Highly recommend the steak kabob very tastey. Will be back "So thankful a friend introduced me to this restaurant. I have been there twice and I can't wait to go again. so far I have had the falafel pita with hummus and the gyro plate and both were so good; especially the gyro. Falafel had great texture and flavor. Again Food is excellent.  Prices very reasonable.  Service friendly - like family." Last time I think I ordered a gyro salad and it was good and huge. I also remember baba ganoush has been very good here." We happened upon the restaurant on a trip to Scottsdale and decided to give it a try.  We found the food very tasty and freshly prepared.  The portions were of good size and a great value for the price.  I had the lamb pita.  The lamb was grilled medium rare as I requested.  The service was cheerful.  The folks around us were obviously repeat visitors who were welcomed back to the family restaurant.  For a casual Mediterranean meal this place is worth visiting.  they have endless great options. I love the lemon orzo soup and ALL of the gyros. I think I've actually had everything on the menu and it is all absolutely delicious. Can't get enough. Start your meal off with flaming cheese  I thought ""Why I have been away for so long?"" But I will be back Sabas. Oh yes  only fit for an animal. Pita jungle made this place look wretched. Which is sad because Pita jungle is hardly Mediterranean food. If you want true Mediterranean or middle eastern food you need to go to either the Persian room in Phoenix or Cafe Sahara in Gilbert."  and it was one of our favorite restaurants. I give them 2 1/2 stars They also have a great $5 gyro happy hour! Which is an awesome deal because the gyros are very tasteful.  I also really like the falafel." Love this place. Authentic Greek food with plenty of other options. George is great. I crave this place and drive from Peoria to eat here every chance I get. Baba Ghannouj is outstanding. I have been coming here for over 10 years. It's hard to give your money to people that just don't seem to care." "May well be the BEST falafel in town. Definitely the best I've ever had in the Phoenix metro. All homemade from dry  and the portions were large. Eating the leftovers tonight. I'm always on the lookout for good shawarma  a little peppery but overall very good. Food came out fast and with the sale on their original gyro the price was more than fair." Girl at the register was stunningly beautiful  spiced date crumble.... all real good... need to try the flamming cheese next time!...  messed up on a few tables bill.. including ours but got it fixed.  I liked it. . .  my guest was on the fence."  and the lemon rice soup was AWESOME. I don't know how I had never had this soup before  it really is a neighborhood joint. It seems like the owner & staff knew most of the customers coming in I LOVE this family owned restaurant. I have been coming here for 13 years and this restaurant only gets better as the years go by. A lovely atmosphere with great food and amazing service. A definite MUST when visiting this area. Really great Mediterranean food. Enjoyed the lamb.  however the other choices are excellent as well.  Saba's also has a great sides like hummus and pita or their delicious Greek Fries.  I've been a regular at Saba's for a few years now and their service and food is exemplary!  I would defiantly recommend this place to anyone craving some Mediterranean food!"  and the bread had a very distinct burnt taste to it. The fries were gross... I don't know what went wrong with this place I devoured the World Famous Gyro Pita! So good! Also very affordable. I ordered take out and there were a lot of people in the restaurant and picking up food; I can understand why. I will be frequenting this place from now on.  but I have only been there for lunch.  The Chipotle Chicken Gyro is awesome!"  its veey good. The owners and staff are always very nice.  Good local spot." Fantastic food and friendly service... Never a bad meal here and always fresh. We have come to make this one of our steady goto regular places to go...  impress your future in-laws or celebrate a major life event. But  I was expecting like a taco shop feel or sandwich shop but it's a cute little restaurant hole in the wall place :)  (which I love). We got the fresca pita and world famous with spicy feta fries   and it was easy to be a regular patron; but I moved out to Fountain Hills three years ago I had a fantastic experience and I will be coming back. OPA!"  you won't be disappointed."  friendly staff.  We eat here at least once a week!  We are always extra supportive of local business over corporate and Sabas is great!!!" We have recently tried to incorporate more vegetables in out diet so we have frequented Saba's more often and continue to enjoy this great establishment which has the best falafel pita  authentic and very fairly priced. Service is great. We will be eating here as often as possible. Highly recommend! Oh "We decided to do something different and have a Gyro party instead of my typical taco party last weekend with 10 people total. I paid less ordering form Saba's than I would have if I made the taco meal myself! It was delicious!! We even had leftovers the next day. I ordered the gyro meat for 10 with hummus  baklava-we have been taking out and eating in for years. Everything on the menu is great. Quality is consistent and food is fresh and well seasoned. A family run restaurant that is a great find!!"  both pistachio and walnut.  Left feeling so very full and I cannot wait to return.  If you're in the area I cannot recommend this place enough.  You will have a wonderful experience."  but this is unfortunately the best falafel I've found in this neighborhood. :(" "Yummy Greek food!  I love their ""Chicken on the Greens"" salad!"  so I guess you get what you pay for."  very good - so long as you don't get the same thing that you can get at every dime-a-dozen Mediterranean fast-food place on earth. The best? No "This is my favorite Mediterranean resturant.  George and Liz run the family resturant with authentic family rescipes.  I have a couple of favorite dishes  great prices. They serve generous portions Have been coming here with the family for 20 years.  Family owned and always delicious. I like their mint iced tea and fattouch salad. The sleepy gyro is always great too. My dad loves the falafel pita and my aunt comes all the way from Chicago to have their spicy feta fries.   Try it out! Don't go here unless you want to overpay qXQ3ZBdwI3GlbR5-eYWqNA Best food in this town if you like Mediterranean that is. Run don't walk and get over here it is scrumptdillyious!  Sleepy Gyro Salad is my favorite! (The vegetables aren't grilled all that well of late -  so do request for the vegetables to be grilled well Great food. Been coming here for years!!! Locally owned. Hole in the wall type place but that is not a bad thing. Good hummus and pitas. Entrees are definitely worth trying. "Best gyros that we have had in Arizona!  Always get takeout "My friends and I have been going to Saba's since they first opened their doors in the 90s.  I love the lentil soup and salads Best Gyros I have found in AZ!  Always fast and friendly service! Love eating here!  family owned restaurant. Everything we have had has been outstanding. The entire staff makes you feel at home and are so friendly. Since moving from out of state Totally unassuming little spot. Doesn't look to impressive but the service and especially the food were amazing. The softest most delicious pita bread ever! I had the lemon shrimp pita and every bite was the perfect mesh of the ingredients. My boyfriend had the chipotle gyro and he said it was the most perfectly cooked gyro meat he has had! Highly recommend this place. Final Verdict: If you have an option to choose between winning a million dollars or eating at Saba's Great food and even better service. I recommend this place for sure. Jacob was so welcoming. Everyone working there has a positive attitude and are so friendly. Not meant for large groups easy parking.  very reasonable pricing.  What more can you ask for." A little disappointed tonight :( I have been here a handful of times & it's usually pretty good not the best nor the worst I have had but reasonably priced & clean atmosphere. Tonight my fries were cold & not cooked all the way through bummer :( the gyro was piping hot & fresh first bite was great but then it was so hot it all fell apart so I then had to eat with a fork I always get my ordered to go. Overall I would say three stars is good for this place. "My wife and I went for dinner and it was delicious.  We had the spicy feta fries for an app and whoever thought that up is a genius.  Never would have thought of combining greek fries with buffalo sauce and ranch.  My wife had the chicken swarma pita and I had the pita fresco -- both VERY very good.  The bruschetta in the pita fresco can make it a little soggy "I always order the red lentil soup when it's available and I take some home for later. Love this restaurant! They have kid friendly meals and lots of options for everyone. I like the salads Outstanding Mediterranean food. Flaming cheese appitizer is a excellent starter. The lamb is normally served medium and I ordered it medium rare. It was cooked perfectly. The pita bread come two ways. As a fluffy light pita and the second a pita pocket which is thinner. Both are excellent and delightful to eat with your dinner. Gyro meat is very tasty. If you like it sliced from a large block as we do you love this place. Steak kabob also super tender and well seasoned. The service is great and the owners are very nice. Every time I come  just giving an honest opinion of my experience."  the staff is polite and professional. We enjoy the restaurant and could eat there every day. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great meal and dinning experience."  because Ritas Frozen Custard is in the same block. That is if you don't go for Saba's flaming baklava. That is a sight to behold and never gets old. Opa!!!"  we had smelled the food one evening but if was Good Friday... no meat. Went back..... Delish!!! Eggplant side dish is amazing  the tzatziki sauce tasted totally different then their norm and I didn't recognize any employees! Strange I thought-was the restaurant sold? Do they just have new recipes? The food was still tasty but not what I'm used to after frequenting the restaurant for 10 years! Also  the staff was so friendly and helpful.  They have items on the menu I haven't seen at other places that I've been craving!  It was a little hard to find for some of the people who were meeting us there but once there everyone was very pleased with the results!  Thank you Saba's for adding to my ""I will be back"" list!"  offered to bring us tea while we waited for our table. I was pleasantly surprised there were many Gluten Free items to choose from. I ordered the Sleepy Gyro Salad and my friend ordered the Chicken Schwarma Pita. We both really enjoyed our lunches. As busy as they were the service did not suffer. And our order came out pretty quickly considering how busy the place was. It didn't let up the entire time we were there either. Our server was nice and attentive. I do want to mention that the small Sleepy Gyro Salad was huge and I had the leftovers for lunch the following day so I would only recommend the larger size if you have an appetite to match. My friend's pita came with fries that I had to taste being a fry fanatic My husband and I love this place!! Great family owned atmosphere and even better food!!! :)  which are a cool twist on French fries. We now have a new favorite local restaurant. Shout out to our server Jared!" The red lentil soup is out of this world.  I unfortunately live in the East Valley and only go here when my job brings me to this area.  This is my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in the Phoenix Area.  The food is fresh and flavorful.  The restaurant itself is small but the quality of the food more than makes up for that.  Try the Tzatziki and Hummus they are so good.  definitely not even a comparison to the original/authentic  gyro and shawarma flavor texture that we are used to. Only reason we stopped by was because it was the closest and we were short on time . Their fries were good though. There's only 1 waitress that was handling all the tables qXQ3ZBdwI3GlbR5-eYWqNA qXQ3ZBdwI3GlbR5-eYWqNA "Service was fantastic. ..Food was wonderful and the owner was personable.   We Had shwarma Amazing food... Good service... Have visited so many times.. Never got disappointed.. chicken shawarma is a must... You won't forget it's taste... Mediterranean food lovers must visit.. Fantastic food! Just went there with my sister and everything was so full of flavor. Definitely a new favorite spot. My father just raves about this place so he brought me in for dinner. I had no expectations but by the time I left I loved every part of my experience. The staff was extremely nice and always checked up on us. We started with the traditional hummus and pita bread for an appetizer and for my meal I had the falafel pita and it was all fantastic! Being a vegetarian I was pleased to see how many vegetarian options they offered. The vibe of the restaurant was lovely and I will definitely be going back!  they settle for this place. Hummus not that smooth or flavorful. Fattoush salad dressing they use is bad... The thing that gets me the most frustrated about this place is the portion size for their kebob entrees. I ordered a chicken and steak entre both and there were three pieces cut of each for two entire entres that they had packaged together for my to go order." "Very good and a lot of food for great prices! We go here regularly and always enjoy it.  The lemon rice soup is very good Jared waited on us and he is an absolute gem! So sweet and so handsome! Everyone should try this cute restaurant out!"  with Hummus and Greek fries. So glad we tried this place. Everything we got was amazing!! Cannot wait to go back to try more items. I will definitely be back :)" he best dressing I have had.  Our gyros one lamb and one chicken were moist and flavorful.  Highly recommend!"  it's family owned and ran. Everyone is super friendly and hospitable. The food is superb! Definitely get the saganaki to start! My go to dish here is always the Greek salad with chicken. Their side of pitas with their tazitki sauce that accompanies it is the perfect meal!"  and awesome food. A great place to have a quick dinner and a glass of wine. We love it!" Freshness you could smell and quite that will bring you back." So glad we found this place! Super friendly service and great food! Me and my husband both got the Chicago gyro and we love it! We also got the spicy feta fries. Sinful but worth it! Can't wait to go back!  but the buffalo and pesto flavors are my favorites. Even their grilled vegetables are genius! I saw on their website the owner & chef ate his own menu and lost 100 lbs- talked to one of the waiters there I will definitely be going there again."  great food!  Chicken schwarma and grilled Veges were delicious.  Plenty of food and yummy!!!!"  with the pesto hummus and Greek fries. Yum! The chicken was cooked perfectly and the flavor was amazing. The best Greek fries I've ever had.  Still crispy despite all the toppings. I've never had pesto hummus The overall experience left me wanting to go back soon and bring people with me. There are a lot of options for Mediterranean food in the valley "Really enjoyed Sabas. Great Mediterranean food in a hole in the wall atmosphere. Reasonable prices. The service was average  the food's good at a good price and I'd go there again if I was stuck at work til super late."  I regrettably gave them more than one chance. I asked if I could sit outside and eat Best Mediterranean food I've ever had. I frequent this restaurant even though there is a mediterttanean restaurant near my home. The staff are very friendly and make the dining experience great. I take all my visitors here and they rave about it. If I was in the area I might stop back for the Jerusalem salad but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to eat here."  all quite delicious...loved the pesto fries.  Definitely got to try again." "We highly recommend this place for lunch.  Grab a bite to eat and sit outside on their porch; their Mint Iced Tea is really refreshing on a hot day.  We ordered two Chicago Gyros and shared their Spicy Feta Fries.  The Fries are just mildly spicy  and there are less items on the menu.  For over 30 mins.  Yeah great ambiance.  If you like the mom and pop everyone knows your name kind of place then you might like Saba's.  I would rather not have to listen to staff talk over my table but maybe that's just me." By far the best Greek food we've had in the Phoenix metro area." One of the best Mediterranean restaurants I've been to! Everything on the menu is fantastic! This is a great place to have lunch!  I truly enjoyed the Chipolte Hummus.  The extra kick in the hummus is nice.  The Greek Salad with chicken is awesome!  It is a lot of food so come with an empty stomach.  and lemon shrimp gyro. Seriously some of the best food I've ever had. I've yet to find another Mediterranean restaurant in the Valley." "This is the kind of place you want to see succeed. We love it here! Good food Forget pita jungle..this place has the BEST hummus ever!!!! I had a great experience the food was amazing and staff is absolutely wonderful!! Cheers!! Will be back for sure.  recipes are family heirlooms. The service is swift and polite. Tonight we tried to eat at a new restaurant across the parking lot...after 25 minutes and a complaint  that make this a five star place that you'll return to often."  prompt service. We love splitting a sleepy jyro salad!!!" "I came in with my boyfriend to treat ourselves and we ordered some hummus and falafel to go. We had a chat with what I assumed was the owner or co owner while we were waiting. The guy was super nice to us and really easy to talk to. He made sure our order was right and made sure we had napkins and plastic utensils. Our food was made quickly and we were in and out. When we got home the food was fresh and our pita bread was still hot. Everything was delicious  great menu and really affordable. The gyros and platters are SO good and the hummus is the best I've ever had. The staff is fabulous  and the family there makes sure to delivery quality eats and a super clean/cozy little hole in the wall. Literally my only complaint was that the a/c was set to arctic storm (haha) "Best gyro I've had in a long time. Had the World Famous Gyro with Feta and Onion "New delicious Mediterranean find for my husband and I! We started with a small hummus plate which is served with fresh pita. The pitas are served on fresh pita bread and the meat is juicy  steamed veggies and hummus. Big portions so I had enough left over for dinner too."  terrific gyros sandwich and various great salad.  My friend from Penang loves the lamb shank! The place started by a great couple is now run by the next generation who continue the great food and great service at a great price! Lovr Saba's!"  best gyro I have ever had. I got the Chicago style and the charbroil is where it's at. Food came out fast and it's very reasonable priced. My husband and I will be back." First time and I love it! I got the falafel pita sandwich and it was very tasty and the FALAFELS were crispy. "Great food for either take out or dine in.  The staff is friendly and engaging.  If you want authentic Mediterranean  and served fresh. I am especially fond of their Chicago Gyro combo. Their ""side"" salad is really closer to a full sized salad & the dressing will knock your taste buds for a loop; mint "We have been going to Saba's since it opened many years ago - 20+.  We watched their kids grow up and now one of them is the owner/manager.  The food is CONSISTENT and outstanding.  They change up their menu often which keeps the selections interesting.  Their homemade buffalo sauce (odd for a Mediterranean kitchen) is second to none.  The spicy feta fries should be patented.  The gyros are outstanding and everything else whether it is gyro  then that is the only reason to be at Saba's Mediterranean Kitchen." 