Their hours stink. With no evening or Saturday hours and since I work almost as far south as Savoy I can't always make it there & back on a lunch hr. Now they've adopted a herd the cattle style of doing business. Take a number & wait. Then they make you sign something saying your questions were answered when clearly the cashier couldn't answer any medical questions. My questions were not answered but I signed just to be able to get back to work on time & it was clear that there wasn't a respiratory therapist available to answer a simple question without another lengthy wait. I guess you can do business this way when you have a monopoly. I'm basically happy on Health Alliance HMO except for the fact that this is the only med supply place they cover. If I could go anywhere else I would. "Carle Medical Supply was a great place for me to get my cpap machine. All the therapists try really hard to give great care  my mother was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. She moved from her house into my house to live out her last remaining days. Her hospice nurses once again called Carle Medical Supply to bring in the necessary supplies for my mother to live out her remaining days. She was surprised to see the same Carle Medical Supply employee Call and ask for Keith or Marc (the owner) and they will take care of you!"  Service and Repair of Medical Products and Supplies in their 3000 sq ft showroom open to the public 6 days per week.  Bravo!" Great prices and excellent customer service.  What a nice combination!  I was dealing with another supplier for a CPAP machine and discovered a wonderful difference in attitude.  I needed to make the switch quickly and they went way out of their way to meet me 45 minutes away and get a machine to me the same day.  They obviously go the extra mile.  they have it and they are more than happy to make sure you get the right product for the right need; Mark and Sara both excellent as well as the entire team at AZ MediQuip - Thank you for everything - you are truly a rare find!" "AZ Mediquip is just around the corner from our company and has been very helpful in serving the needs of our company and our in-home caregiving clients.  I interact regularly with Sara and she's always been responsive to our needs 