 reliable and does a great job! When I leave there I am ready to put my best face forward. I feel less like a client but more like a friend. Customer for life!" "Sheila is great! I have been going to her for about a year now. She is always very professional Sheila is awesome. She is kind and professional. I've been working with her for about 2 months and love the friendly atmosphere she provides in her office. Sheila is patient and I feel great after a session with her. She always keeps me laughing and distracted while she works. Going back again. One small complaint...they take the whole thanksgiving weekend off. Although there is someone always on call Excellent group of physicians!  they had me wait an hour to get the shot and then tell me I should have peed in a cup (nobody told me that???). I go to pee in a cup and then have me wait another 20 minutes to make sure I'm not a leper. Get it together!" There is no way I would let someone who can't even take the time to make sure basic documents are completed properly deliver my child.  An expectant mother needs someone who pays attention to details. If this is how they handle the little parts of pregnancy then I don't even want to think about how they handle the bigger parts. I urge ALL mothers to reflect upon this information when considering Southwest Women's Care as their OB of choice."  care or follow up and I am really unhappy that it did not work and if I want to try it again I have to pay another 3400. They should charge half so you can have it done twice just in case and they should let you rest after instead of okay your done get out." The quality of the care at SWCWC is unparalleled. I highly recommend this practice." Love this group of practitioners and the care provided. Can't imagine actually being sick or super preggo and dealing with these types of issues!  Thus "After taking the glucose test I was recently diagnosed with gestational diabetes.  The day I found out I had missed a call from the office on my cell phone.  They had not left a message so I was curious and called back.  I was transferred to the triage nurse because my doctor and assistant were not available to speak.  The triage nurse informed me that I had gestational diabetes and needed to go to a class..  I asked if I could speak with a doctor regarding the results because I was very upset.  I was informed a doctor would call me back.. The doctor never called My appointment was at 3:30 pm. I've arrived at 3 pm. Now its 3:53 pm and they are busy. I wouldnt consider this a horrible place. The place is clean and they have enough admins to clear the guest area for paperwork but its going slow today.  and explained everything that was going on. I don't know why nobody at Southwest could do this for me. feel much more comfortable and confident in my new OBGYN's care. My new OBGYN informed me that I did have other options  and took her time in explaining what I needed and wanted to know. I was initially skeptical about not seeing an actual MD at first It has been almost three years and I am still haunted by the awful experience I had with this group. Please please please consider looking elsewhere." I love love love my doctor! This a great clinic! Dr. Wilson is the BEST!! He sits down and really listens to you and cares about each person! He sees a lot of cousins and my sister in law as well and we all LOVE him! Happy with the care received. Nice clean office. Nice friendly staff. They allow kids in the visits which was great for me.  both during my pregnancy and hysterectomy. I am still a patient and recommend others to Southwest as well."  it was like I was being talked at. I had a lot of questions because this was my first pregnancy and she made me feel stupid. On top of that she was very insensitive. I was given two completely different answers which made me not trust these people. A few days later I miscarried. I never used more than 2 pads in a day "This is seriously the best experience I've had coming to a new doctor in a long time! The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The environment of the office was very nice and comfortable. Once the nurse practitioner came in  invest your money in seeing a doctor! Your a lot more likely to solve the problem the right way and quicker." 6r8KHqgmlM3PWVZ7suyQ6w  then I had my husband come here for a mole check and I wish I hadn't! He has two super large scars from where she removed the moles--it looks hacked :(  I feel terrible and to top it off  friendly and knowledgeable. I was pleased with my experience." 6r8KHqgmlM3PWVZ7suyQ6w "I agree with the other reviewers. I came in for a mole check and they ended up removing 3 moles  They didn't inform me how much it would be to remove them. I told her my insurance isn't great and I was worried about the cost. I ended up paying almost $1  kind and caring. Many of the dermatologist I have gone to (before meeting Dr. Holy) were more concerned with selling you Botox or the latest facial rejuvenation fad. Dr. Holy cares about Skin Cancer and the only way to be sure is to biopsy a questionable mole.  So ugly scar for a mole that was questionable - too bad - I've had real scars from my melanoma surgeries I have had absolutely fabulous experiences with Dr. Holy. She and her staff are awesome. I had the liquid magic facelift and I feel amazing. Results walking out the door. I totally recommend her for a procedure or even just a full body check. Dr. Holy is a Harvard grad with a huge emphasis on the healthiest approach to looking beautiful and staying beautiful.  She will recommend products that are organic and pure and tell you about the prescription too and give you options.  In my industry you see a lot of Dermatologists and in my opinion Adriana Holy is possibly the best in the Valley."  but am suffering with embarrassing atrophy one year after receiving a cortisone injection. Other professionals have mentioned another means of relieving treatments would have been more helpful and would not have left such a mark :( I guess I am writing this as a reminder to please make sure cortisone is properly diluted  but her office professionalism is horrible. Yesterday her office phoned me to say the PA misread my lab work and I would need to come in to discuss it. Her billing office came over and said they made a mistake accepting my insurance and basically I would need to pay up before getting lab information. They could have told me over the phone of the insurance problem and I would need to pay. I did everything I could to ensure they accepted by insurance I'm really happy that I found this place. I'm amazed about the work I look much younger I recommend it to anyone I'm definitely going to be a reoccurring customer. I love this place and the people. The price everyone can afford. "Thanks to Dr Holy for a wonderful experience!   As an Arizona native who has spent many hours in the sun during the ""pre sunscreen"" era skin changes can be very concerning.  Dr Holy's thorough examination and educational discussion put me at ease and gave me the confidence to help her monitor my skin health.   Caring  doesn't try to sell you something she knows you don't want.  Never feel any pressure to purchase products.  Dr. Holy is so skilled in cosmetic dermatology....AND 