UW Health Monona is the worst clinic in the world. I finally left after waiting an hour to see my doctor. They are incompent and don't care how much of their patients time they waste  but got perfectly good service. Amazing how people can be so thoughtless as to expect medical personnel to work on a rigid schedule--think about it dude." "I've taken my kids there for lab work and the clinic personnel are always very nice and professional.  It is not as busy as the bigger clinics  if your even 5 minutes late your skipped and have to reschedule. I've been with uw system now for about 2 yrs since my employers plan switched us from Dean.  And I have to say I miss dean so much. Better service Don't go in there sick...they don't have any answers for you.  and felt that it wasn't right for them to charge my insurance as I didn't get the service that I deserved. They wrote back and said they were going to ""waive"" my co-pay for that day Everyone here is always very nice and professional. Wait times are about what to be expected. Building is newer and clean. Please don't blame me for turning your daughter on to the idea that she too can be sexually active and safe. We ARE living in 2007." Way to address the sexy white elephant in the room." It really pisses me off to hear that there are now protestors hanging outside the clinic. Yay unbelievable...I am considering a lawsuit. I have never seen more unprofessional behavior."  the Champaign clinic recently got a complete remodel.  It's now a beautiful  i still got birth control prescribed to me.  do doctors have bad days?  i am sure they do.  do they sometimes have to take jobs they don't want to just to pay the bills?  i'm also sure they do that as well.  it certainly felt like that was the sort of doctor i was sitting with on those two occasions.  one that didn't want this job and was perhaps having a bad day.  bottom line is... it's not super professional.  it happens "I have been here for various services over the years whenever I was without insurance.  The staff aren't always the most professional people I've ever met  coldest people I have ever met in my life. THE STAFF IN CHAMPAIGN IS AMAZING. By far the best gynecology people i have ever been to. They are very sweet and understanding. The nurse practitioner went very slow and explained everything as she did it. AND SHE MADE CONVERSATION! She made me feel completely comfortable and safe  the pharmacy and PP over the course of A MONTH (which I had to pay out-of-pocket for my prescription) I finally got a letter in the mail from my insurance company saying ""Cannot renew prescription. Request of renewal denied by doctor"".  Thanks for helping me out PP I have been going to this location for a couple of years now. I have always loved the staff they go above and beyond for people. They were able to help me get a last min dr appointment when I needed it. As well as help forward a prescription in a hurry. I am sad to be moving away from the awesome people here. "Excellent and knowledgeable staff. Clean and comfortable location. Easy to make an appointment. Wide array of services and the staff are ready to answer any questions. They don't open earlier than listed times This place is filthy.  The doctor I had was completely negligent in correcting a problem she had created.  I found a doctor in Bloomington and had to undergo surgery to correct what was done terribly wrong while I was a patient at Christie Clinic.  but there are TVs tuned to depressing daytime programming in case you do. Take care of biz w/ your doc and you're off. If you were given a script "I don't go to the doctor all that often but when I need convenient care and don't want to argue the efficacy of antibiotics this is the place. My primary is here too and no hassles there either. Watch out though because they run their employees through some weird Orwellian cult crap so they will do all they can to make the doctors rich. ""Building wealth"" is a frickin pillar of their values. Just an FYI."  told me to stop drinking sugary coffee drinks (I don't. I hate them. I drink my coffee black. She just assumed I drink 700 calorie frappes.). She didn't even perform a full physical on me. Then I got a bill for $130 for five minutes of being talked down to and a TPR. I found another doctor who actually listened to me "This is a horrible place. Doctors want to charge you more and do some unnecessary test like CT  and she does not care. She gives the cold shoulder and the only reason I contact her is because I do not have a choice. I don't know what crime I committed in the eyes of God to be forced to talk to such evil. I pray you do not get her." My previous review was for Carle Hospital. Not sure how it showed up here. Please fix.  they actually DIAGNOSE you with multiple sclerosis even when it has not been confirmed by testing. Make sure you ask for a summary of your office visit and double check what they have written on there! Better yet Today was the last straw.  I love Dr Z but I am moving on after I get this set of scripts right.  At this point There are lots of other places in CU that can take care of your injury! Just save yourself lots of follow-up problems with billing and go to another place!" "Updating because I have had a year of outstanding service from Dr Zabaneh and his staff. They are friendly and professional and Dr Z.  Is very knowledgeable.   I highly recommend he and his staff.   Just for the record They really get you in & out of there quick! I didn't even have the chance to describe all of my symptoms! At least the doctor seemed friendly. Hopefully their quick assessment will yield some solutions.  i was seen by Dr. Michael Esmay.  Everyone had great customer service and generally positive attitudes.  I was very impressed and everyone was polite with great bedside manner."  and about 90 minutes of something to do while you wait for the appointment they so aggressively compelled you to show up for 20 minutes early."  the service was great but the billing process I've gone through after going here has been confusing and is disappointing."  all the paperwork was in order and made sense. I was given an estimate as to how much I would end up paying after everything is done and what all the different bills would be. The staff was so friendly and caring and made sure I had everything I needed before getting my endoscopy. Dr. David was great and it took no time at all." Dr Comption is the most unprofessional Dr he is so uninterested in his pachents care. He did work on my leg and did not follow up. When i saw him he told me to go to another douctor. My only thought was why did he take me on and charge me for something he could not do. He is so cold and the office is like a zoo. Do not use him. He should be taken out of the medicsl professionan  BAD NEWS MAN  60's) in this center and we should have taken our first impressions and avoided them forever. The doctors are way too busy to provide any real patient care. After a visit  caring and professional. If you have to have an outpatient surgery or procedure The staff wasn't that courteous."   I'm so grateful for people who dedicate their lives to helping folks.  God bless em all!  What can I say Took my brother here for a surgery a few months back. Very friendly staff without having to weight very long. He was in and out in no time. Nurses and surgeons did a great job. Not a bad place to be taken care of in.  if you're there as a trauma patient you'll be well taken care of. This is definitely the old style of hospitals though newly remodeled. lots of parking! Also known as county.  if not the best hospital in Phoenix! Before discharging him the doctors made follow up appointments for him to make things simpler for us. Thanks to the nursing staff and doctors at MIHS." "The Burn center is top tier in the nation. Staff works hard. Very compassionate Very professional. Don't let the title ""County Hospital"". Get in the way of forming an opinion. They are VERY GOOD at what they do. Patients are in very good hands there."  but with that in mind I still say that they give the best service that they can and they do care. MIHS is a nice hospital and trauma center. All things considered So i  will do my best on avoiding the ED"  doctors and administrative staff. Amanda and Katie are THE BEST nurses I could have ever imagined having. Hannah and Renee in therapy are the sweetest and most helpful and encouraging people. I still have a long road to recovery ahead of me  the nurse that was helped me during her shift made me feel comfortable as possible. I'll never forget how sensitive she was and cared for me. I highly recommend this hospital ."  it was not a nurse it was a DOCTOR. I really liked that. I told her that I had gallstones so she order a ultrasound. They took me to the ultrasound shortly after she left. I didn't have to wait more than 30 minutes or so until she came in with the results. She told me I had to do surgery immediately because so many stones were blocking the tube and that could cause a serious infection. She then send the surgeons so they could talk to me. They gave me the option of choosing weather to do the surgery the next day or book an appointment  I would strongly recommend this women's clinic.  Everyone is extremely friendly from the Front Desk to the MA's  I explored all options extensively and visited multiple organizations for all 3 options.  Acacia was the most caring and compassionate and I never felt pressured like I did at the crisis pregnancy center or with adoption agencies. Acacia makes sure you are well informed and commited to the decision before proceeding.  At the free consultation "An extremely caring facility. From the minute you call to request information until the moment you leave the clinic they take care of you I'm in disbelief right now and if I had my car I'd definitely be driving down to tear them a new @$$hole." "The entire staff is extremely compassionate and  understanding. There is no judgement. Dr. Yunis is a visionary. He is so real and straight forward which I found to be very comforting. You are in good hands here. This isn't just an office filled with doctors that perform abortions "I recently attempted to transfer to this location from the Mesa location. I requested my files be transferred on a Tuesday since it is the only day I have off that matches with their office hours. I called the next week Tuesday to confirm that I could now pick up my birth control pills from this new location. They said that they did not have my records at the new location... Ok... so  and they refuse to do the test. Then they wouldn't allow me back there with her for her appointment. They  also forced her to recount events that happened several years ago  appointment was quick an painless. I got my prescription so I could send it off to my insurance only to find out that the lady dated the prescription wrong by putting 2013 when it was 2014. So after jumping through hoops I finally received a new prescription in a different format than the first and my insurance rejected it because the doctor did not sign it. My insurance and I have both been trying to get ahold of the office for over a week now and nothing has been fixed. I would not recommend going to this clinic  but it was very unprofessional. There is also a language barrier and poor communication. I was asked to sit and wait until the bathroom was available before giving a urine sample. I had no way of knowing if the bathroom was vacant because it was down the hall and out of sight from the waiting area. So I basically waited for no reason. This place is a dump and not anything like a professional doctor's office. The only reason why I came here is because my doctor's office had a two week wait Dont waste your time with this place." and if you want an abortion go somewhere honest at least."  and I was not offered any pain relief. About 3 weeks later I was told by a well respected doctor in Scottsdale that my IUD was not placed correctly via ultrasound. It then had to be removed because it was literally hanging out of my cervix causing excessive bleeding and anemia. Do not go to this place!! They are ghetto  welcoming and helpful. The woman from the front who took my blood pressure chatted with me about Doctor Who and then the Doctor and her observer talked to me about when they worked in trauma which was super interesting. Everyone was very professional and sweet  RUN from Planned Parenthood. I came here because I was all that is described above and this was the absolute worst place for me to go. First walking in I noticed it was dingy and then the front desk girl was rude. The whole tone and atmosphere was oppressive and silent. Then I was called back and the ""professional"" was visibly annoyed. She kept sighing and asked me what my issue was. I explained and was close to tears when she actually rolled her eyes at me. SERIOUSLY?! She proceeded to give me some ""information"" that basically said ""Well if you hadn't done this and that What's the point of an appointment if they call you in over an hour later? Expect to be here you're entire day. Pay the extra money and go to a real doctor. This place is a joke." Extremely slow. They will not work with you for times to come in but they will take an hour to two hours to even get you in. They tried making me pay a copay twice . Super unprofessional. This place is truly awful." 