"Watch out when it looks like something is on sale.  They mark a rack or table with a big buy one get one or 50% off sign "OK I know what you're thinking - You're a chick!  Why are you rating MEN'S Wearhouse?!  Well recently the BF and I went shopping for some business friendly clothes for him.  Our ""wardrobe expert"" (and I feel terrible because I forgot his name) was incredibly friendly and helpful that I couldn't help but think - WHY DON'T THEY HAVE STORES LIKE THIS FOR WOMEN!!?  Someone who helps you - no matter your size or height  several rude associates and 1 future groom going to Jos. A. Bank." I hope I never rent a tuxedo from Men's Warehouse again." DMy5IG-dNrH4ARk96KngEA  I would give this place a thumb's up. The service is always excellent. The products are comfortable. And if items do not fit  but they fail to provide customer service as Brook Brothers . I would rather continue to go to Brook Brothers and pay $50 more for shirts and good customer experience without racism. It is a pity that racism still exists. Mens wearhouse is never going to get my online and retail businesses." You'll get a tux to keep for the same price as a rental from a craptastic wage slave in the US."  it is quite a bit more expensive than Target or Walmart.  Y'know what though?  You get what you pay for  Jack from the RPM store was very kind and helped to make a bad situation better." On another occasion I went it to get measured to send my measurement to my cousins suit retailer for his wedding. Being a customer of the company I didn't think this was such a big ask. I was hurried over to a coat and that's all they would size. They would not get the tap measure out and seemed annoyed when I asked to try on a different size jacket in a different style."  the owner is very nice and the staff is attentive. Their tailor is very good  but if you do stop by frequently you can spot some really nice items. And the guy who works there is super nice so make sure you get to know him! He can help you a lot." "This place is another great place to buy clothing.  The staff  is very friendly and helpful.  I've gotten a lot of great items there.  This is another place to find unique items whether it is jackets  the customer service here is absolutely awful. I was in this past weekend and not one person asked if I needed help until I approached them. I have never had a pleasant experience with the staff anytime I have been in the store. They have nice clothes "Plenty of good people working in this store.  My personal favorite---Jack Salsbury.  George Zimmer is actually right "My first time walking in to a Men's Wearhouse because I needed a black bow tie for going out fast having lost mine somehow. My fashion sensibilities usually keeps me away from these types of stores otherwise. But I managed to get in and out fast which is nice  but I can't recommend him or this store highly enough. If you are looking to outfit your wedding party And what's a cake without icing? Totally watched a dude smoke in front of the store and then come in and measure my boyfriend for the tux without washing his hands. Hands  I decided to give Men's Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank a shot. I didn't really care too much for the style of suits Jos. A. Bank had and went to Men's Wearhouse. I got their typical great service as well as a large selection in my size. They had a buy one get one free special on their suits and I ended up getting two suits at a great price. For only wearing suits for a wedding they were a bit expensive but I would shop their more often if I had to wear a suit for work on a daily basis." My groomsman and I bought the suits for my wedding here. 4 of us that I know were sized wrong.  Customer service was terrible. After we purchased our suits they would not correct it.  Highly recommend not buying a suit here.  These people do not know what they're doing. I was overall very disappointed at the lack of customer service since we walked in so hopeful shopping for our wedding! This store really took the wind out of my sails with how excited we were to try things on." "Not helpful at all!  Their ""salespeople"" need to be taught customer service!  It's their way or no way.  Terrible experience!"  and I can tell you I will do everything in my power to find another men's clothing store for the men to get their suits."  had the tailor work late to measure for letting them out and custom length and cuffs. When we went back to pick them up there was a sale and he exchanged our original order and we ended up getting two more pairs of pants and two belts. We will ever shop anywhere else for him. In and out quickly and an awesome price! You will not be disappointed!"  was a tremendous help and worked with me for 45 minutes. Highly recommend going here and dealing with him!" "Our experience here was beyond amazing. Mike is one of the most helpful people we have ever had the pleasure dealing with under the stress of planning a wedding. We walked in not knowing what we were looking for and his knowledge and opinions really helped direct us in the right direction. He turned a stressful morning into one where we walked out smiling. I highly recommend this location if you need help in picking the perfect groomsmen attire. He also got us the best deal on everything I guess since I don't shop at Old Navy anymore... that means I'm getting old [very saddening]." Dismissive associates.....  but for the woman of the house it's still a decent clothing stop if you're in the area." And I believe they're the only place in town that has Allen Edmonds shoes. Just like the store  and they were very friendly. For that I give them 5 stars." I have purchased items as gifts and my fiance has bought some suits here. I will continue to support this local store that has been in the community a very long time." "My partner (who is African American and prestigious doctor in or community) have patronized this establishment several times and have always purchased $500+ or more with every visit.  When we walk in  very  friendly and extremely knowledgeable staff.  I had a wonderful experience doing business with them They are easy to work with and always so professional." DJ service was outstanding. He was very helpful. You should have more employees like himv We rented 6 tuxes and definitely would recommend them! Everyone looked great! Our go-to place for tuxedo or suit rentals! Thanks Will and Patti!"  I come out with a brand new pair - hemmed right there. I would recommend Mr. Formal and their great staff." This place has more styles and colors then any other spot I went to! Also they actually have slim fit coats and pants available the other places tried to trick me into a baggy style and was telling me it was slim fit like I didn't know. I am so coming back next time I need a tux or suit rental!  and they definitely made the whole process fun and easy."  but Mr. Formal helped this aspect go off without a hitch. I'm grateful to them and their expertise!" I just got married and we rented our suits from Mr. Formal.  The quality of the clothes is excellent and the service is fantastic "Where else are you going to buy Big and Tall guy stuff with style?  Come on!  Ever been to the ""old guy style"" B &T shops?  If it weren't for Casual Male (and the new form of it:  Destination XL Great selection for the big and talls in your life. It definitely must! "I came here on a whim as I was driving by because the world cannot stand to have my boyfriend wearing shirts that just aren't long enough anymore! I walked inside and was immediately greeted and asked how I could be helped. I let them know it was my first time in and was looking for some shirts for my boyfriend. They were more than happy to show me around to different areas (including clearance) to help me look for something nice. I ended buying 2 shirts "They always have something for my super picky husband. Whether it be for a more formal occassion The staff is top notch. Everyone is friendly and helpful. I will say that Harbor Bay's stuff seems to shrink significantly even when we are doing cold wash and line drying. So it may be worth getting a tall size even if you are not tall. Other than that "My husband and I walked in here to get fitted for a tux. We are in a wedding out of state and just needed measurements. The man was very friendly and got my husband completely measured in 2 mins flat! And for no charge  ""no thanks"" we moved on. Dallas made the shopping experience easy and quick. Give that man a raise!!!"  pretty much anywhere else. I hear they sell jackets and suits at the thrift stores. At least there I'm expecting to be ignored and have to fend for myself when trying to find something." Thanks Steve! You did a great job."  tailoring) but even with sales prices Men's Wearhouse is too expensive. I bought two suits for the price of one  I probably would have just gone to Mr. Formal. They are a local shop just down the street on Camelback with excellent prices "Went in on a Monday and they charged $20 for a rush order for Saturday. Called on Thursday to make certain the tux was in and they asked my name and I spelled it for them. They came back and asked ""how do you spell your name?""  They said they could not find it so it must not have come in. Moments later I got an email saying it was in. Called on Sunday to see if I could delay my return by 1 day and the guy who answered the phone said can you call back in 15 minutes cause I am working on something. I took that as as another bad sign and jumped in my car and went out of my way to return it."  new management has been extraordinary and the team really worked together to help me get exactly what I needed. I will definitely be back and I recommend this store to anyone in need of suits and great service."  otherwise it would be best to try a different location or another company."  helped me with my horrible procrastination! I had purchased clothes over a year ago and I put some weight on and needed to exchange my pants and have them tailored. The wedding I am attending is this Thursday! The tailor -OjA9Wvnn-XExG-9Djj2og  they were unwilling to help at all and immediately wanted to sell me another suit. I was offended by this lack of service and they have lost all of my future business." I honestly wonder how anyone's experience could have been so different than ours"  do this a couple of times and eventually you find something that fits. Prices were fair. The employee there was friendly and patient which I really enjoyed because having bigger shoulders  and when I came to store they wouldnt redeem saying it only for rental. That was not specified in yelp deal. So waisted 10 $."  and they worked with us to make all alterations on time. The employees were nice and took great care of us. The place is not in the best part of town There ya go! I'm out!" "I was looking to rent a tuxedo for a glamorous event on SAME evening! As you can imagine the trouble I had to go through but both women at Rose Tuxedo were professional and packed away my concerns. They were able to recommend Screw Men's Warehouse and their $120 rentals. WHY!? Either buy your own tux at Burlington or Dillards Clearance....or rent here boys! They treat you right  tuxedo pants and 2 LS button-down shirts for $70.  My kind of shopping!  Cheers "I just needed some pants hemmed and they did that pretty well. As for their other services Excellent service.  Excellent quality.   I was in and out in 30 minutes for a tuxedo that fit me perfectly.   I would highly recommend.  The prices are great also.  Very friendly staff.  I will definitely use Rose Tuxedo again if/when the need arises. "I couldn't have asked for better folks to help me and my now-husband with our coordinating tuxedoes at our wedding. A friend and I initially stopped by without an appointment I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking for anything they offer. They price was very fair  Sunday was a no ship day. I was stressing out until I found Rose Tuxedo. April and Stephanie were the lovely ladys who assisted me in finding everything I needed within 5 minutes and had me out the door in 15 minutes with everything fitted and paid for! This is beyond a 5 star venture. Thank you to my hero's for the day; Stephanie and April! You guys were phenomenal."  this photo would not have been possible (photo taken Saturday which is why suit had to be dropped off Sunday)."  courteous and sweet as pie. She really cares and bends over backwards for her customers. She worked with my price and time frame. Her staff was helpful and friendly as well. I would recommend her for rental or purchase. I purchased mine because the price was more than fair and I figured I'd need it again someday. Thank you Rose!"  they will fulfill SOME of your wildest dreams concerning tuxedos and wearing tuxedos." Best help and advise from Ludry. Came here to get my son his dress for prom. Loved the service Owners are very customer focused and will go out of there way to make sure your satisfied. If you don't want to go to a chain rental store I highly recommend. "I would highly recommend Rose and her staff at this location.  I chose this place based off a lot of the reviews and they didn't disappoint.  I was married over the past weekend and rented out some tuxedo's for the event.  Stephanie was extremely accommodating and helped my party.  I had 8 groomsmen and everything turned out well. I would highly recommend Rose Tuxedo He took my measurements right so I got stuff that is comfortable too (kind of the key to getting me to wear it a second time) and was that perfect balance of offering suggestions combined with actually listening to what I was saying. I can honestly say this guy will bring me back here!" Great job Travis and Rich!!" "Oh my gosh I had a blast shopping with my brother today at the Men's Wearhouse! Ren was the most awesome sales guy ever and I highly recommend you go see him. I usually hate shopping but Ren made the experience exciting and fun. Please go see Ren for all your business wear needs and tell him Dione and Joseph sent you The store has a good deal on suits and with an in house tailor its just that much easier."  quick order fulfillment and alterations on site.  We would recommend them to friends!" "WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. We went to men's warehouse thinking it would be an easy accessible place to rent tuxes for our small wedding party of 3 plus the groom. When we went in to inquire about rentals we were told that it was cheaper to buy which we thought was weird but we decided to trust the sales associate and buy which ended up costing over $200 per suit after alterations. When we bought my husbands suit I got my original jacket repaired and decided to donate it to my church's social program." "We were buying a suit for our wedding and Joey helped us a lot. He was warm "Went to men's warehouse for a prom tux.  Lyle is the man who helped us and was very helpful in the selection and suggestions.  Overall he is my favorite worker at this location and was very helpful last time I came in looking for pants.  I hade a great experience at this location and would highly recommend it when looking for formal wear  make sure you communicate the budget and tell them your needs and they will set you up.  They also accommodated a super rush order Thank you for making our event we attended memorable."  but the sales person assured me that the jacket would be in the Tuesday before and would be tailored in time for New Year's Eve. I did not receive the call telling me it was in until NYE and would not have time to be tailored. Good thing I went shopping elsewhere and found a jacket. I returned the jacket without a problem  and made suggestions without pressure to make our time there productive and unhurried. I would highly recommend this place for all menswear  very unwelcoming location. All the other men's wear houses we so much nicer. Just walked in and he had a very unpleasant manor." Wish I got this man's name but he was so unpleasant we just wanted to get out of there as soon as possible."  didn't even come up to us when we walked in. They all seemed to have a bad attitude and didn't give a shit about answering the questions we had." "Love this place.  Gus is warm and funny.  (He is Greek after all).  Not shy about telling you what he thinks.  He'll work with you on your price range.  They run great specials and are quick with the tailoring.  They have suits in all ranges  I took these pants in to Brother's because my husband said they were good and THEY ARE AMAZING!!! The pants were done in 15 MINUTES and when I looked at the hem  price and quality I received were excellent.  My pants were ready at the date and time promised and there were no issues.  I am glad to have found a great tailor close by and will definitely be back." I have a feeling it may have to go back to Brothers a few more times in its hanging career...while my weight changes... like I'm a finalist in the Duncan Yo-Yo tournament." "This is the best tailor in town!  They really can fix anything.  I've taken them all sorts of different clothes from work pants to bridesmaid dresses and they've always done a phenomenal job!  I appreciate their fair prices  Hoa is perfect in doing jeans. Take your jeans to this store and ask for Hoa to do it. You'll love it for sure."  the guys there said they were well tailored suits and not to waste my money. I was amazed that instead of trying to make a buck off of my misjudgment and therefore an unnecessary service  when you come in for one suit he'll ask whether you want 6 or 7. However  but now I know I was sorely mistaken. This guy is going to be making all of my suits as long as I'm in the valley." "I Highly recommend Peter ""the # 1 Son"" he makes buying a suit or just boring alterations fun.  This was my 1st time here    All of the customers love him and his family!  Thank you for all of your help I will definitely come back."  I realized I had forgotten to get all of my work slacks hemmed and tailored! Two tailors in North Phoenix laughed me out of their store for bringing in such a large order with such a ridiculous time constraint. Panicked "My first stop-shop for any fixes and alterations. I have not yet had any major work done here or bought any suits from here  Margarita who helped me in the store is a wonderful host and she is very helpful in finding/tailoring the right clothes for you. For me Brother's Tailor provides a warm and welcoming experience plus high quality clothing. A winning combination!" Bought custom suit and shirt here for my wedding... Peter took care of me. Very happy with product. Phenomenal service.   I returned and exchanged some products with no problems... Better quality and better prices than their bigger competitions like men's warehouse and Macys.   Trust me I looked everywhere.   Stop in and give them chance You must go check them out and tell them Brett sent you!  You love it!!!" I would not recommend them to anyone... very very truly disappointed as I could use a good honest knowledgeable helpful tailor./ seamstress...." Ordered custom suits from here. Very pricey and they're okay. For the money I was hoping to be wowed. The suits are ordered in from China. My husband complains about the suits all the time- the fit and ease of wrinkling. We were promised if he didn't like them they'd buy them back. That didn't happen. Their pants hemming though is quick and good. My only (very minor) complaint is it took a little too long for my liking to actually get the suit after picking everything out and getting the measurements. Plan ahead and get there at least a few weeks early if the suit is for a special occasion."  it's about what he did to make it more than right. I'm more than satisfied and will use them for alterations in the future." "I went to Brother's Tailors & Clothing to have a small but complicated repair done to a pair of ladies' pants.  Gus and his son were very helpful and bent over backwards to make me feel that this little repair  job was as important to them as the custom suits that were being measured  that day too. My slacks had a very quick turn-around time I went in today to get my fiancs pants re-hemmed. They helped me right on the spot and didn't even charge me. The nicest and most helpful tailors. I'd recommend them to anyone!!! Best alteration shop in phoenix. Extremely friendly staff and great custom suits. I highly recommend this place to everyone! I had so many compliments at a wedding in Cabo San Lucas. One guy from NYC asked who I was wearing and his brother walks up and says screw that. Who is your tailor? haha enough said."  fantastic job and polite service. Thank you!"  highly recommended. Got great suits for my groomsmen here. $100 + tailoring...did I mention that the suits were NOT rentals either :) This is a great place "I had a bizarre request as I needed some patches to be sewn onto a baseball hat. I call the store and they said of course they could help. I walked in and was greeted by very polite staff. I said I spoke to a man on the phone about having these patches sewn on a hat. An older gentleman (didn't catch his name) acknowledged that he was the one that spoke with me. I showed him what I wanted and he asked me to wait and he would do it. After 10 minutes he returned from the back of the store and one of the patches was in the wrong spot. He quickly retreated back to the rear of the store and had the issue corrected. When I asked him how much he looked me in the eye and said no charge for a veteran (the hat was for my father and the patches were from his service in Vietnam). Now this may not be the same circumstance for everyone/anyone else there "They should not alter prom dresses. They shortened my daughter's dress way too much and unevenly. We had to go buy new shoes with much lower heels I have been going here for 15 years. I think it's great how they evolved from a small tailor shop to a mid sized men's store that offers something for everyone. It really has the look and feel of a fine department store. They are amazing!!! My family has been going to them for years. Always nice and excellent quality work. I just went in today to get a hem fixed on my pants and they took care of it right then. It was done in 5 minutes and they didn't charge me. Pano's passion for what he does is so very apparent. He is truly an expert at what he does- making people look good!  tailoring clothing that could be saved and helping rebuild a wardrobe with off the shelf clothing and custom tailored clothing as well.  This helps maximize where and how my money is spent.  The quality of the garnets are outstanding and the staff has always been a b=pleasure to work with." "Pano Zistas is a true professional and master tailor. His taste is impeccable and every professional I meet who has used him has nothing but positive things to say on his behalf. If you're looking for quality and a life-long tailor  very reasonable and fast!  I brought in two pair of pants to be hemmed Monday and they were done by Tuesday noon.   If you are looking for a great tailor  and Pete will make sure you are suited to look your best.  I have bought suits from all of the top stores in the Valley and can tell you that none of those fit as well as the Brother's Tailor suits.  I would highly recommend these guys for tailored clothing and any alterations that you may have.  They are extremely talented and work very quickly.  This is hands down the go-to shop for all of my business attire." Great experience at Brother's Tailors! The whole staff was awesome and the suits are fresh! I would like to share my experience at Brother's Tailors at Tatum and Thunderbird. I appreciate when you enter a business and are greeted with a staff that is ready to help you with your needs. What might seem like just an alterations business is so much more. They have suits for every customer from their advertised 3 suits for $300 to custom made shirts and suits. Their knowledge of how to alter a suit to fit properly makes the end result amazing. If they don't have what you need they will show you other options and will order it for you. I will go to see the team at Brother's Tailors for all my business needs. Wonderful high quality suits with excellent customer service. I've been going to Bros Tailors for 12+ years and would never consider going anywhere else. Ask for Vicky! I have been a customer at Brothers Tailors since they opened many years ago. They are FABULOUS! Many friends & family have switched to this tailor because of the masterful alterations Vickie & Marguerite have done for me. I'm very short & ALWAYS need alterations! These girls work magic. We've also purchased several great men's suits & designer shirts from Gus. Great caring family business that will keep your family looking their best! Be sure and ask Gus for some Ouzo to celebrate your new wardrobe of beautiful suits! Thankful for this great shop in my neighborhood!  Dillard's Nordstrom's and so on. You will not find the level of service and attention to detail at any other place like you would here. As a none believer  and hemmed them while I waited. I was in and out of there in 10 minutes. I was so surprised that they could do that so quickly. What a great experience!" This place is awesome... I started having my lululemon pants and expensive Sky dresses altered here and whether the job is small or large - they take pride in making sure that they do a good job at a fair price. One of the people that I work with comes here all the way from North Scottsdale because they are probably one of the best tailors around town...  but they don't seem to care much about female customers needing alterations. I got a very indifferent reception when I came in. A lady had me put the gowns on and marked where the hems were supposed to be. She wasn't particularly friendly or interested in my gowns or my occasion. And then she named the price "Excellent customer service!  We use Peter for all of our custom clothing.  He is stylish "I always have heard Brothers Tailors was an amazing place to go for clothing and alterations and they were right! I highly recommend Mary Zarob. She has a background in fashion from NYC and help me with many pieces as well as altering many of my existing pieces of clothing. She is patient "I was very nervous when I first went to Brothers Taylors about a month ago. I have been self employed for over 15 years and it had been my personal goal to never ""dress up"" as CEO of my business. I met Mary Zarob a few months ago and she convinced me to come in and take a look at their selection and talk to their tailor Gus. I'm happy to say I ended up purchasing a custom blazer Great to see that GREAT customer service is not dead!!!" "This is my third or fourth time doing business with Brother's Tailors on Tatum. Our family has purchased three suits here and love all of them.  They have a great selection and amazing service. On Thursday "Brothers tailors fitted me & my entire wedding party. They made us look great and the service was phenomenal. Peter is our favorite and who highly recommend him. Great sense of style PJplFEJ8ltTIfbabNrYqOQ You'll leave looking your best and feel like a million bucks." Excellent customer service excellence and  a great price! I highly recommend anybody that wants to look sharp and do it at a great value! My highest recommendation!"  you just can't compare. Happy Yelping Phoenix  who actually doesn't do it themselves and outsources it to sweatshop workers.  Look for a private tailor who's prices are reasonable and actually do it themselves.  Trust me on this!"  fabrics and seasonal trends gives me confidence that I will be prepared for any situation clothing-wise. It is also a great feeling to walk in and know that they will greet me by name This place is the best!  Amazing customer service and excellent selection of threads.  I even needed to get a dress tailored for my date the day before and they fixed it right on the spot.  Best part.... Wait for it.... They didn't even charge me.  I a big city it is rare to find this level of service and care.  I really appreciate everyone there for going out of there way to always take good care of me.  I talked to a woman that helped direct me to what we were looking for. I told her of my husbands concern for trying on and hanging out in stores too long. She assured me that she would take care of us. We came in later that afternoon and it took 20 minutes we had picked out three suits and we were on our way. The price passionated in what they do. It's more than just a job or ""work"" for they to find  you the best suit they can on you. This is the best place you can find and I would recommend to anyone about them" "Brothers Tailors will have you looking and feeling amazing. Gus and Peter take so much pride in their work and it shows.  Peter is a professional and knowledgeable on how to compliment your style with your body type and makes it happen on budget.  I recently went in to be fitted for a black tie event.  I was only an attendee at this event and everyone had their eyes on me and complimented my threads.  It feels so empowering to be in a custom suit tailored by this wonderful local business.  Thank you so much for all of your help!  I look forward to picking out my next suit and I will tell everyone  you cannot beat Brother's Tailors & Clothing Co. Vicki is a great advisor and always a great help with all the suits I have purchased there over the last year. Gus and team know about quality "Peter Zistas is a great guy to know if you want to look a little better and a little different. He takes time to get to know your personal style. He makes things right no matter what it takes and if something is not the very best fit "After having my first review removed for not enough detail I will provide more information.  Brother's Tailors did an OK job altering my husbands pants in April.  This service was charged a huge fee over what was quoted. Brothers Tailors may take pride in their work but I think paying $65.00 for a simple adjustment is overpriced considering the quote was much lower.  Also You have lost a customer and I will let everyone know not to shop here." 