"the big burrito group knows how to do food. This place has margraritas that will do amazing things to you. Watch out or else you can end up in vegas getting married by the end of the night. The food is great  not that I would eat much of it. They have a great Bike night I'll be in town next week (yayyy!!!) and I'll let you know if it's still as mouth-watering as I remember it! All this talk is making me hungry." "I am sad to report that Mad Mex will no longer be making my very favorite dish: the three cheese three pepper enchilada. Or  and I've tried many places across PA.  Great happy hour specials every weekday from 5-7.  Even their wonkier menu items (the gobblerito comes to mind) are outstanding."  onions and a tortilla. The steak was tender and tasty with the ripe avocado. I had it with Ranch dressing. This combination was a light but filling dinner."  the less disappointed you will be.  If you're a fan of authentic Mexican food  I've been here a million times and I know I will be here a million more."  and service that was non-existant. The last time I went (Nov -09) everything was just peachy  but you don't have a ton of options in Pittsburgh and this place will have to do. The staff and bartenders are always nice. I've always had a great time during happy hours here and keep going back!" The bar gets crowded and closes at midnight.  It's too bad they don't stay open later because it could be a great suburban hangout when you don't want to mess with traffic." For dinner I had the carnitas enchiladas (i think). It didn't taste bad but I definitely had better Mexican elsewhere even elsewhere in Pittsburgh."  including many IPAs which are rotated monthly. You can watch the bartenders squeezing fresh fruits and melons for their huge line ups of margaritas flavors. This little Pittsburgh gem of a restaurant is now opening locations in other cities like Columbus and Philly. There are many locations in the Burgh."  but I was mildly annoyed by a new server who seemed to abandon me after finding out I wished to stay and work after purchasing my meal and buying several craft brews.  This is not the normal treatment at this establishment for the guy at table #28 with the laptop.  In any case hhNlQWaKqGbMPoeZHoL-IQ Love their spicy black bean dip and their black bean and pineapple quesadilla... mmmm can't get enough of their black bean.  because my vegan friends have such a difficult time with restaurant food. The margaritas do not taste strong  this place caps off a string of good multicultural restaurants.  It's the most fun of them all." While visiting PA some friends took me here for some authentic Mexican food and it was great!  The guacamole dip is yum and the burritos are HUGE!  The chips are a bit small and broken which makes it horrible for dipping.  On Fridays they serve what they call Big AZZ margaritas that are pretty good and compliment the meal.   Everything was great and I will return! Needless to say we elected not to have dinner and departed after drinks and chips.  There is much better Mexican food and drink in the 'burgh." You have no idea how badly I WANT to like this place. They are incredibly vegetarian vegan-friendly. I just haven't been impressed by anything I've ordered there. Even the chips and salsa aren't terribly good. I do like the bar-- they have great sangria-- but that's about it.  very diverse choices.  Waitress had 5 star teeth."  gauc.  Until next time...practice safe Mex everyone!"  both with plenty of seats. There is all kinds of unique south western inspired art all over the place and it makes for a lovely atmosphere."  go to El Campo in Monaca or El Paso Mexican Grill in Chippewa. Both restaurants are excellent examples of good Tex-Mex  but the food sometimes seemed expensive for the quality.  Last Saturday night the wife and I went to the Greentree location black bean dip the best anywhere (spicy!!!)" I give this place 3 stars because I feel it is mediocre and standard. Plus I always walk away paying more than I want  but maybe hitting up the Shadyside location instead." The fajitas were really good!!  They tasted a little different from most places.  Service at the bar was very slow and they weren't very busy. Love Mad Mex.Cool place to hang out. Great food.  I cannot tell you how to time this occurrence.  I ordered it one day and the bartender told me that I had timed it perfectly.  He was right.  It was probably the best burrito I've ever had at a Mad Mex." Always great service at the bar from Tanya and Nikki. Great food and wide selection of draft beers. One of my favorite spots. "I went to mad mex for dinner on a Friday night. It was very noisy and I do not recommend for kids. The chicken fajita was over cooked  you get a birthday card for a free burrito.  That's better than any of that cheesy crap.  Although a casual dining chain restaurant typically isn't worthy birthday dinner fare The only thing I don't like recommend:  do not get that pineapple salsa.  It is sooo freaking spicy!  You won't be happy!"   and they have a good selection of tequila!" Southwest chicken wings -cilantro- too good !  it got camouflaged by the food they got later though! )" My only complaint is that we went just after 5 and it was so dark in the restaurant I could hardly see the menu." This place is okay. The waiter was horrible and barely checked on us. The food was also not too good. It was very bland and didn't have a lot of taste to it. I will not be coming back.  which was just stuffed with fillers such as rice and beans..no thanks.  There was nothing memorable about the taste of it whatsoever.  Who seriously wants a huge burrito like that?  I'd rather have a normal sized one that actually tastes good and isn't filled with crap.  We got the steak fajitas  I like the ambiance and bar. Not a bad place to hangout." Food tastes great. I loved it!  and their steak quesadillas are amazing! They are a little on the expensive side for take out Wait staff is very good at this location.  Parking sucks (bad)."  I have to say that I have never had anything but the grilled fish tacos.  They are so good that I never felt the need to get anything  else when I order.  Why mess up a good thing.  This specific location is very nice and out of the way but I have to say that the fish tacos at the location in Monroeville "This location has such a different feel than the others around Pittsburgh. Perhaps it's the well-lit bar Coming here I wouldn't get anything else other than the burritos it fajitas. Really disappointed in the quesadilla I had here. Guacamole is pretty bland but the salsa has a nice spicy kick. Neat place to hang out if in the mood for Mexican like food and atmosphere." I'll keep returning anytime I'm in the mood for good Mexican food."  were all welded together that I had to peel each one off the other.  It just seems that the times I've gone to the Greentree location the food isn't as well prepared as the Robinson and North Hills locations."  I just keep thinking I had to be wrong about that.  But after waking up in the middle of the night with all sorts of unpleasant stomach issues While I have been to other locations hhNlQWaKqGbMPoeZHoL-IQ  the draft beer list is always great with a broad range of styles. Youre sure to find a beer youre in the mood for.. And happy hour is hard to beat with half off drafts and wings from 4:30-6:30pm on weekdays. The burritos seem to be a hit Tonight I used my birthday free entre and got steak and shrimp in my burrito. The second half will be lunch tomorrow!" Service was okay. Our waitress took awhile to get to our table but our food came out fast. I'd like to come back tho this location again to see how the normal menu items are."  love their tofu tacos...but this was just eh this time...it was as though the thick pieces fell apart and they were small and too crunchy and maybe just old...bleh. I couldn't even finish them  however predictable and non-authentic it may be.  The portion sizes are mammoth and I come away with a satisfied sense of regret.  Their beer menu is happily extensive.  Charging me $9 for chips and salsa is a bit of crime It really disappointed me to have my dad treated like this on our family meal together on my final day in town. Please train your staff better and treat customers with any level of appreciation or helpfulness."  my only complaint is their need to play loud background noise to ""set the mood"" for the place - I'd never want to bring a large group here because of the soundtrack they've got going. One or two people talking to each other over that noise is enough for me. But hey I'm giving the 3 stars because of my love for Mad Mex and the big azz margaritas but the Greentree location really needs to step it up." Service is always great at Mad Mex South Hills.  My previous review was the only such occurrence there.  Stop by during Happy Hour (or anytime) to enjoy a great selection of Microbrews and Tex Mex goodies!  but when you can hardly read the menu it's a problem. Every time I go there I end up in a bad mood. Such a simple thing to fix "This place is great and veggie friendly.  The tofu appetizer is incredible and the wait staff are all super friendly  brought out a completely different dish. Last time I was there the waitress was very nice and accommodating  but as a server you should be able to multitask. My boyfriend kept apologizing that he suggested going here because it was such a disappointment. I would maybe try a different mad mex location  they always have a great music playlist going." You can read more about my love affair with Mad Mex on my blog: http:  kaylablogs.com 2015 07 mad-mex "  but the service is very slow for being such a compact place.  My last two visits I ventured to the bar twice to get a beer after waiting extended periods at our table. My wife and I both ordered a beer and they took 16 minutes to arrive! :(" I was really hoping that this place would have good food. I was disappointed to some extent. Latin food is my favorite. I'm always trying to checkout new Latin restaurants in the hopes of finding really good food. I ordered 2 ground beef tacos with black beans and rice. The tacos were decent but the rice and beans were horrible. Both were very dry and lacked flavor. If you come here dont order the black beans and rice. Awesome beer selection!!!!! This is my second visit and both trips have been great. Excellent salsa and my favorite dish is the black bean quesadilla with pineapples in it. Service has always been good as well. Did I mention the beer selection?  :) We left and won't be back."  no salt. Bartender came back quickly with what looked like watered down lemonade. WORST MARGARITA I HAVE EVER BEEN SERVED!!!! What the heck? It came out of a can?!?! And this is supposed to be a good Mexican restaurant? Anyway....ordered seasonal chicken tacos. Described as being served with butternut squash I absolutely love the atmosphere. Their margaritas are really good. The mango is the best.  Even the original is worth trying.  Get the XX Cheese (queso). The ambience is fun. It's hidden in the back of a plaza so you have to look for it Service was mediocre but the food was poor. Burnt chicken in the burrito. My friends burrito which was supposed to be primarily vegetables was about 100% rice. There was no mole sauce as described in the dish. The frozen margaritas were horrible although the regular margaritas where decent but nothing to write home about. There was a charge for chips and salsa for sitting across from the bar but nothing at the bar. This was explained to us before we ordered. The more I think about it the more I can understand that policy. It's bizarre that you can't sit at a table in the bar and order the same food as at the bar and be charged the same price. This restaurant has really gone downhill over the last few years. And I'll never go there again. That was one of the Worst burritos I have ever  I kept cutting trying to find the protein...it was about 93% rice inside. Just plain bland rice. Finally made my way to some shrimp and then steak. Still no cheese. Once I got to the opposite end of the burrito there was the partially melted hunk of cheese and a little more meat. A more even distribution would have been better for sure. I mixed the salsa they give you on the side with everything and it spruced it up a lot. That salsa should just automatically come inside of it for the added flavor  waitress got my order wrong. Not worth the trip." Keep making those delicious margs and I will keep coming back!" (Didn't take any pictures because I was too hungry waiting)"  so bring that with you.  Good find. A lot better than some of the other places higher up on the list."  excellent staff and a great Price. My go to Mexican pick"  and the tacos themselves. The only item I've had that was less than thrilling was the vegetarian quesadilla... a little heavy on the cheese. But the rest is so good that an average dish has no bearing on my overall rating. Eating here is a must." 8AskFIgGxqNb8RbcDCAfmA It's not a chain n it's fresh. Love their homemade salsa yum!!  but I doubt I will ever go there again seeing as Madonna's is just a block or so away  but I would stay away from the steak burrito and would most likely eat vegan that day just to see if the lack of flavor was situational."  it took the waitress 25 minutes to make her way to our table to take our drink order.  We finally decided to settle up 45 minutes after placing our order.   The food never made it to our table.   I have eaten at this restaurant before and  the service wasn't so bad.   The food is generally pretty good.  If you want to order Chicken I love their pico that comes with the salsa and chips you get as soon as you're seated  very good service. Waiters were very attentive and funny. So far my favorite mexican restaurant in charlotte. My family is from the west coast and this is the closest taste to it. The one thing I can't get use to is all mexican restaurants in charlotte use ground beef instead of shredded beef. Because of that I gave them 4 stars. Please make it an option even if its at a higher cost.. It really makes a difference. Overall great place."  nothing much to speak of.  I went to give my server my digital coupon through the entertainment book application on my phone.  He said that he could not take it and referred me to the manager.  The manager said that he could not take it because their barcode reader was broken and so the owner told them not to take digital coupons.  They said if I printed it out  large portions.. service was o.k.  I wish it was more authentic.. I'm use to L.A. authentic mexican food..  looking for homemade salsa Great Mexican at a great price. Margaritas are awesome too. Servers are polite and service is quick. This is our go-to place for Mexican around the gaston county area. "Been eating at El Valle for years and it used to be my favorite Mexican around this area. Tonight it was terrible and it appears there's been a big turnover in staff. None of the regulars were there. Service was awful Food was just...ok. Didn't taste bad but not good enough to make me want to come back again. Staff was very courteous. The atmosphere was awesome.  The food was fantastic and flavorful and the service was outstanding.  Although this was my first visit I will definitely be back. "Food was good and reasonable. Service was very slow. I had the steak burrito. It was big and good. However  I could write a book but trust me go somewhere else."  good food.  it's more tex mex. not authentic mexican food. the wings however were terrible. it tasted like it was ketchup based One of our favorite spots in Mount holly! Always great service and the food is always delicious!  bush lights are always a dollar. I eat there maybe once or twice a month and have never had a bad experience." Excellent authentic food!! Very casual dining. Great drink specials. We've gone a few times with a larger group and everyone has always been pleased. Very reasonably priced menu.  and it's still the only one I ever go to when I'm in Charlotte. It's been a staple for many years and one of two places that I know I'll visit (other than Bojangles) when in NC.  Upon arrival  food comes out super fast and it's very affordable. I have been coming here for years and every dish I have tried has been awesome. If you're a huge fan of cheese like I am then I recommend ordering a vegetarian dish. Instead of meat on the items they replace it with a ton of cheese. =) They also have drink specials almost every day and of course you get unlimited chips and salsa." Sunday- Kids under 12 eat free"  we will be going back to Monterrey Mexican.  Often  mayo and seasonings.  It was different and good.  I ordered the mole poblano which came with beans and rice.  My food came out in a reasonable amount of time and there was a lot of it.  The chicken grilled and was very tender with a nice smokey flavor.  The rice and beans were pretty standard.  I haven't had mole much Food tasted ok and was brought out really quick CxGK5_GoIhG9798zYPsvfA "Visiting and found this gem w Yelp help.  Great food CxGK5_GoIhG9798zYPsvfA CxGK5_GoIhG9798zYPsvfA Total lack of class and decency. We will never go again."  great service and the food was very good. One of the best quesadillas I've had. And the Dos Equis draft wasn't bad either!"  food combinations..... good prices and huge portions! love it." Service was friendly and quick. The food was tasty. "Great Mexican Restaurant chain.  Most of their restaurants are family owned. They have fast service and great food.  I am in the Charlotte area from time to time and often eat here.  This one is no different than the others as far as service and food go "I consider Monterrey the standard for really good 'dive' Mexican food.  There is nothing gourmet about it and you can order by number.  The menu comes with pictures and you get a side of refried beans with almost everything.  The waitstaff is friendly and actually speaks Spanish. And the salsa - oooh how I crave the salsa.  Whenever I'm in town  going here is like going to McDonald's for a burger. You go because you're close by and it's there." Really good food. Nice staff. Only been here once though. These guys have great chimichangas and margaritas! - Good Prices too! "Burritos deluxe. Nicely done. The interesting thing is that the salsa and the other dipping sauce the give you with your chips. The salsa looks horrible but is actually really good and spicy. The other dip was good  lunch entree and drink were right around $13 - I was completely stuffed  which didn't disappoint. I chose a beef taco & chicken burrito w  rice and beans. The taco was great The refried beans was like sauce.  Well the service was fine.  I was hoping for more." Good cheap Mexican food. Get the Gringo dip it is my favorite. They have also recently added table side guacamole service. The vegetarian dishes are all cheesy delights and the beer selection is surprising for such a divey place. "After reading such rave reviews about this place I figured I had to check it out! The service here is fantastic! I was quickly greeted and seated. My server was also very knowledgeable about the menu. I ordered the vegetarian tostada and the spinach and cheese quesadilla both were delicious! The prices are very reasonable! I recommend this place if your looking for good inexpensive ""comfort food""."  chilaquiles with chicken and red sauce were good but spicy! Lunch service was fast"  the beef wasn't cook completely. We asked the manger to come over and look. He said the red came from the juices the cooked meat sits in. The food didn't taste right. We will not return. Sorry that no one cares here anymore" I was really surprised how excellent the food was considering the cheap lunch specials. The waiter was very friendly and the atmosphere was very pleasant and authentic. The only thing missing was a live Mariachi band :-) Didnt get any drinks since it was my lunch break but I hope to come back and try their margaritas one day. I have been coming here for four years. Normally it's quick great service and decent food. Lunch specials are always a great deal . If I wasn't on the clock I would jump on the 99cent draft special. "Since moving to South Charlotte my wife & I have struggled finding a Mexican Restaurant with great food at a reasonable price. The struggle is over. Monterrey delivered great food  but within 30 minutes of eating I had regretted every bite. I've been sick for 2 days now and that delicious meal is to blame. I eat Mexican quite regular and know I'm not allergic to anything they have The daily specials are a plus as well. You can't beat .99 cent domestic drafts (bud light and miller lite) on Thursdays."  will definitely not be going back!"  the food is excellent. Service is very fast and is a great place to get a quick bite to eat. With all the Mexican food chooses just in the South Charlotte area  nothing about this one stands out more than the rest. The usual margarita special that contains what tastes like pure sour mix. The menu of all things that look the same that leaves me not able to decide what the heck I want. I usually end up getting something I didn't really want in the end but scarfed it down 'cause let's face it; it all tastes about the same anyway. The staff seemed to be attentive but didn't really care to be there. I would come back if in the area and craved Mexican food. And that's why I came here this past time."  and silverware straws needed to be requested before you received them. I was overall unhappy with the service and the food at this establishment. The beef was bland "I will definitely not be coming back here! Service was extremely grumpy. (Tip to restaurant management: PLEASE help your wait staff understand that most patrons expect FRIENDLY service. We are paying after all.) The food was average "Service is always good. Salsa and ranch is so good. I don't like how they give small portions of it. Salsa is a very small portion and me and my husband had to ask for more salsa 3x. Burritos are so good!! Rice is fluffy and flavorful. Fajitas are good but there was a time where my fajitas didn't sizzle to the table. Other than that "I always order the same thing as I don't think I will ever get tired of it.  I get the Mole Poblano chicken.  The sauce is so delicious and I order extra of it.  I also love their pico de gallo and other salas as they taste fresh made. The rest of us has ordered various items and all has been really tasty.  While it isn't strictly authentic The food it's self is nothing special or exceptional. The only ""special thing they have is a bowl of seasoned mayo along with your chips.. Would not come here again."  good prices.  After your food is delivered thats it from the waitress.  We wanted to order more drinks but no one came over for 15 minutes so we cashed out and left." I love their salsa and chips!!!!  Seems like such a small thing with a mexican restaurant and you would think that it's all the same but it's not.  My whole family agrees this particular location's salsa is always fantastic and we love the thicker style corn chips.  Also the waitress we had last time was very patient with me.  I couldn't make up my mind about what I wanted to eat and she answered all my questions and even allowed me to customize my burrito which turned out just the way I wanted.  Will definitely continue to eat here.  but wasn't super warm. Its like they sat there for a while as they were preparing the other people at my table's fajitas." I think another Monterrey location is better and may stick with that one when I have my Mexican cravings." "This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Charlotte. It reminds me of some places I used to eat back home and has a great all-around menu. Everything I have tried has been great Standard Mexican fair.  Service was bland with no smiles.  Felt like a transaction the whole time. "I went to the Don Pedro's at 8943 S Tryon St. I am generally not a huge fan of mexican food I'm thinking of getting one of the girls  uniforms for halloween!"  the food is authentic (our resident Mexican gave it a thumbs up) and on top of everything else   I am still a fan of Don Pedro. If it helps to know   where the ambience is lousy but the food seems authentic. I didn't want the margaritas to be big and cheap and delicious and strong. I didn't want the plates to be so huge  but upon request they give a spicy sauce that tastes much like habenero sauce to me.  Makes me sweat  you could stuff your face AND see mexican heavy metal "I am a frequent visitor of the Don Pedro!  Don't let the location detour you.  As long you come when the mariachi band isn't there - you're good!  I'm pretty sure my ears have almost exploded when they have played beside my table!  But for authenticity purposes  I ordered takeout alteast once a month.  It was usually read in 10 minutes or less.  A typical entree is around $8.  They have a second menu with specialities and authentic Mexican dishes.  The wait staff speak English well Good stuff. Great food to price ratio." "I have to downgrade ol' Don Pedro because of the ongoing situation with the salsa pico de coleslaw. I mean maybe it is innovative to introduce cabbage - lots of WILTY cabbage - to your salsa pico "Really great Mexican food. Some of the best in Charlotte along with Las Margaritas. The prices are great and the service is too. One of the benefits of coming here is the ability to host groups and get them fed in a good amount of time. Splitting a check is never difficult as it can be at some restaurants. The food is pretty good  and avacado slices (and it's healthy too! LOL).  And the best part is that everything will feed you for at least 2-3 meals This restaurant is no longer called Don Pedro's.  It is now Jallisco's.  but don't let the exterior fool you. It's a nice little join with great food  (Bates Motel reference).  This alone makes me LOVE this restaurant.  It is everything you want it to be in that off the beaten path kind of way.  They don't serve the best food Outstanding food and wonderful service. The beer kept on coming and the chimichanga was excellent. Ask the senora for her recommendations and you can't go wrong!  but maybe it was just one of those days.   I agree with Tonya that the sketch factor of  restaurants like these ""raise the stakes"": you'll either discover a hidden treasure or the Bates motel.  Miguel's  but I will make an exception for this place.  It only has cracked vinyl seats.  Don't go here for atmosphere; it looks like an old drive-in Sonic Burger from the 60's."  the fajitas are well seasoned and their mole is complex like a good mole should be. I have never had a bad meal here."  but the food is just okay. It's a great place for a quick bite. Service was functional Would definitely go again." The service can be a little slow when it's busy but when you take a bite I live in Southern California. I have been back twice. I really like miguels. It's not fancy and it's in a strange location but worth it. As for the most important part - the food.  The food is delicious - classic authentic mexican - can't go wrong here.  It's also outrageously cheap.  I was hear on my company's dime so it didn't matter.  I went all out and the bill still came to under $10 for lunch.  Enjoy!"  nice homey atmosphere.  The service was slow (typical of the South; not unusually slow) and the guacamole is not as I like it (runny).  But the shrimp enchiladas were very good.  And the prices are more than reasonable.  A great place for a cheap good dinner."  expect to get good home cooked Mexican food." Great food close to the airport.  Found it on yelp and it did not disappoint.  but we were there on a perfect evening temperature-wise. The prices of the drinks ($3.25 for a 32 oz beer!!) as well as the food itself could not be beat. My husband and I enjoyed authentic Mexican cuisine at ridiculously low prices. Would definitely visit again if we were in the area." I would have never waked into this placE without the reviews from Yelp and man am I glad I did. Great food served up in a shed. Will return.  not to mention once you do find it it's a little confusing being attached to a hole-in-the-wall motel next door."  and I love to see all the different kinds of people willing to jam into this little space to eat some good Mexican food!" I wish I could elaborate more  it is hard to not be deterred when you first pull up.  The old building combined with the large Motel sign caused me to pause and think of going somewhere else.  However  it's a hole-in-the-wall and hard to get to.  It's also fantastic food at a great price.  I will definitely go back.  The Serrano Dinner was fantastic."  this food really isn't all that good the next day."  apparently pilots are good customers.  Excellent basic tex-mex and really good carnitas too.  I like to get the chile verde with the pork carnitas.  Now my go to Mexican place in Charlotte."  covered with shredded cheddar cheese & green sauce. Served with rice This place has some good food."  the cleanliness of the place and the over all cheap decor and picnic table furniture may scare away the slightest of above average consumer. The food I give a 3.. Service I give a 4 "I think this place is awesome and not because it has my name!! I used to go to CPCC and I would eat here at least 2-3 times a week. The chips and salsa are great and so is almost everything else on the menu. Do not let appearances fool you  remember the space is constrained. I would not bring a rambunctious kid here. Your neighboring diners will be ready to strangle you and the kid."  that's it! The chips were all broken and stale. The only reason this isn't 1 star is because they had horchata and they were inexpensive and close to the airport. My advice? Skip it!" The best Mexican I have ever had!!!! AMAZING!!  I had to and glad i did. The people I was with had a pitcher of margarita also which they said was strong but good. For dinner I had the shrimp in garlic sauce which was delicious  but the food is great." I ordered the Quesadilla Rellino (sp) and a side order of guacamole. Of course the guac came out first and maybe its because I make a mean guacamole but this was a watered down avocado mousse with very little seasoning. I had to ask for a lime and shake some s&p before I could convince myself to eat it. Not okay!! My quesadilla however was awesome!! The chicken was seasoned so perfectly Never had a problem at all ! !"  I rarely am able to trek to Miguel's but I dearly miss their food The first time my husband brought me here for dinner I thought he was out of his mind. I'm so glad i kept an open mind. It took me a few visits to find my favorite entree and now that I have I'm addicted. My new favorite meal is the arroz con camarones (Shrimp w  rice). The onions are sweet and the shrimps are flavorful. Yum. Of all the times I have visited Miguel's I have never had a bad experience. The servers are always attentive and nice. Definately give it a try!! a snob..don't bother.. Again..great Mexican food!! Home made salsa. Everything is made to order." "Wow... The best Mexican restaurant in the country.    My advise to you making a connection in Charlotte airport.   Take the lastest contraction  it is worth a visit..and I know I will be back on Sunday when I have a fajita craving :-)."  so the employees stayed very busy. People seemed to be enjoying the food and atmosphere. A true laid-back "Tried the restaurant for dinner. Food was good and pretty authentic Mexican food. Prices were very reasonable and beer was cold. $2.50 for a draft beer is a great price. Had the fajitas and they were certainly acceptable. Limited beans  if you're ever in the area  without leaving you hungry. Try whatever is on special that day if you aren't sure  Fast Service! Don't let the looks scare you. Give it a try Para mi primera visita y ser fantico de restaurantes mexicanos ah le vamos. La cerveza draft de 32onz es mi preferida y a buen precio. La salsa y lo nachos muy buenos. La comida muy buena pero el servicio y las atenciones de los meseros es donde nico fallan. El servicio tiene mucho que mejorar. La variedad de postres es nula slo 2 opciones. Por lo dems seguir visitndolos para cenar. Very fantastical! Deserves more than 5 stars."  they sell old school penny candy at the register and the drinks are good... What more do you want?" Nothing I like more than a local hole in the wall with yummy good. Great value too. Service was a bit indifferent for me - otherwise the food is 5 stars."  while my fella usually gets jalapeno poppers and a veggie quesadilla. There are also American choices on the menu. Portion sizes are generous. The police in the area seem to really like eating here This place has wonderful food at a wonderful price.  The servers are very hard working as well!  and this place was better than most Mexican restaurants I've been to. This place was absolutely delicious and cheap. Very quaint little restaurant. Outdoor seating available." I had the carnitas.  It was a little overcooked "Miguel's is a pretty ordinary joint - canteen type place. Nothing special about it. The lady who served us was so cold & uncourteous "Fantastic little Mexican joint in the quiet little town of Charlotte MX... Seriously the outside screams Mexico! The food is amazing!! The beers are super cold! (Colder than Mexico) The carnitas tacos were fantastic! Fajitas were fantastic! The one and only thing I would say was so so was the guacamole  server attitude 2 so averaged at 3. said thank you after drink delivery no response repeated thank you at food delivery still no response  and I didn't hear any of the other diners speaking Spanish. There weren't many authentic choices such as lengua Great food!!!  Great service!  Great prices!  Authentic Mexican food in a casual setting. Three of us enjoyed three different entrees and all said we would definitely go back. Was close to the motel we stayed in while waiting for our next morning flight out of CLT.  Wouldn't stay in that motel again but will eat at Miguel's again for sure! Everything was delicious...and the portion sizes were perfect! Add to that good service and super reasonable prices! I'm absolutely coming back."  clean and friendly reasonable prices and the food was great with a unique taste.   There was a constant in flow of customers the entire time we were there.  Put it as a don't miss if you are flying out of Charlotte."  was really basic and had no imagination in flavor. I was hoping to get a taqueria style burrito but what I got was small and boring flavor. The guacamole was tasteless and frozen I will come back... Often." The first time I went to Miguel's I ordered the fajita plate. That was pretty good. The second time I brought my wife and we ordered the special Steak Burrito plate. We also ordered guacamole on the side. Nothing was authentic and nothing was fresh. The steak was like the Philly cheese steak you would get from a frozen box and the guacamole was definitely not fresh avocado. The chips and salsa... chips were made fresh as they were still warm and salsa could be freshly made but not sure. I was disappointed the second time. Not sure if I would go back. I can make better Mexican food than this place. Wow! This place is phenomenal! I stopped in to grab lunch because I was craving Mexican food before my flight. The service is fast & it's right by the airport. The salsa is awesome!! Highly recommended. When I first arrived in Charlotte the first order of business was where do I need to eat before going home and this was top on the list ( grilled cheese food truck is #2). We drive up to this hole in the wall style place with a wing of outdoor seating that was packed with people. We go inside and are met by our server who was very friendly. We ordered our queso appetizer as I begin to scour the menu for goodies. Settling on the enchiladas was an excellent choice! Overall lovely experience for a quick and reasonably priced meal. If ever in the area craving authentic style Mexican foods stop in and carb up! When I first arrived in Charlotte the first order of business was where do I need to eat before going home and this was top on the list ( grilled cheese food truck is #2). We drive up to this hole in the wall style place with a wing of outdoor seating that was packed with people. We go inside and are met by our server who was very friendly. We ordered our queso appetizer as I begin to scour the menu for goodies. Settling on the enchiladas was an excellent choice! Overall lovely experience for a quick and reasonably priced meal. If ever in the area craving authentic style Mexican foods stop in and carb up!!  right next to a hotel by the airport. The service will suffice but it's fast so I don't mind. I highly recommend." "A fantastic Mexican restaurant very close to the airport.  There is nothing fancy about this place I do however think they are better than your basic Mexican place.  Definitely worth going in and I intend to go back!" Had the tamales and chimi. Food was excellent. Don't let the location intimidate you. It conveniently located near CLT airport and the nearby hotels.  and I have never found better.  The specials are good and cheap.  Their customers come from all over. Being near the airport  in fact if it was not for yelp I would have driven right by the place. Food is great service is good.  My one note would be the portions are too big!! Yes they gave a full bar. If this was anywhere near where I live I would have my own table. I'll be back." Excellent 'Dive-Mex'.  Easy to eat lunch for  less than $5.  Plenty of outdoor seating when the weather is warm p_HFt0I92MHDNPWvdtyEBA "This a a quinsential hole in the wall. But the food is really really goid Don't let the shabbiness of this place fool you! This is a true gem if you enjoy Mexican food. This place lives up to its great reviews when I came here it was a full house and the prices are reasonable. I ordered the chimichanga but to make it vegan I had them substitute the meat with vegetables and remove the cheese and sour cream . They were more than happy to accommodate my dietary needs which tells me this place makes their food fresh  ! If you haven't been here your missing out!! Was staying at a hotel in the area so we decided to give it a try. Food was delicious and house margaritas were even better!!  also have some pretty good drinks on Friday's  Great local Mexican spot for cold beer and authentic food. Great hole in the wall Mexican gem in west Charlotte. Lunch specials may be best deal around.  they don't put enough liquor in em." Go here.  You won't regret it." "This place is authentic as I have seen in charlotte. We have tried at-least 6 Other Mexican places and so far this is the best. Salsa was really good just a little spice but not so much you can't eat. The chorizo cheese dip was awesome. I got chicken chimichanga and were pretty good. They use shredded chicken but it actually had flavor as was cooked with onions and peppers. My husband got a pork dish and really enjoyed it. He suggested the homemade hot sauce. We topped it off with sopilla which you can't go wrong! Overall was good food. I gave 4 stars because even though service was quick the waiter was not very helpful when we asked for suggestions  margaritas and daily specials. A find on this area" I go every time I am in Charlotte." My only bit of criticism is that I thought the staff could've been a little warmer but  but it's not an option." Back at favorite spots! Don't let the appearance of the place discourage you really great food! What a find not far out of CLT airport. Hidden away in the remains of an old hotel restaurant the food and service was tasty and fast! I will definitely stop here again when fly into Charlotte.  scary looking building and kinda sketchy area but great food! :)" "Best Mexican food and strawberry margaritas in charlotte. Great cheese dip Do not be fooled by these reviews! This place is a joke at best. I am from this area and would have to say that this particular establishment is hands down the worst experience you will EVER encounter!!! Honestly I have no earthly idea where or how these wonderful reviews come about! I've been to EVERY Mexican restaurant in the Queen City and without doubt this is the bottom of the barrel! The wait staff act as if their last job was at the DMV!! Horrible service "I've been to Miguel's over 10 times. I always take family and friends when they are in town. Everyone has always been super impressed. The food is always delicious. Service is OK "You can tell by the crowd that this is a great place to eat.  Be prepared to wait for a seat Like another said I almost didn't stop. Was on the way to catch a flight it of town. Glad I did stop. The food is full of flavor and very tasty. I will come back next time I am in the area.  but I am so glad I found this little gem!  Thanks Yelp!!" Definitely the best part of the day after being screwed by the airlines. The Cold beer and some of the best Mexican food I've had was exactly what we needed. It's an easy walk from the hotels in the airport. "Nice little hole in the wall Mexican joint. Good food Great spot! You wouldn't think it was something special when you drove up. But it was perfect. So close to the airport which was convenient. Food was really good. Great hole in the wall Mexican restaurant! Don't let the building or decor send you away. The food is really good. You can also dime inside or outside. Friendly staff and quick service.  it was HOT in the building. You might want to wait till the sun is down and sit outside in their patio area. Give them a try if you are in the area. I would definitely go back." The food was horrible not authentic Mexican restaurant. Extremely bad service! I wouldn't eat there if that was the last food on this earth! I don't know how it's highly rated when the food was crap!!! In my opinion Miguel's has the best Mexican food in Charlotte and their salsa is amazing. The prices are very reasonable and they offer daily specials. "Tried this place tonight after reading the reviews. We went in very optimistic. We first tried sitting outside but their were wasps swarming in the ceiling. Food was greasy. Salsa was just okay. And This is why Yelp is great. I would never have found this place without searching Yelp. It is the perfect dive Mexican restaurant. I came I on a Wed and they had a special of $2 imported beers. The food was great. I will definitely be back.  and there have been bad ones. Maybe it's an east coast thing. We were referred by many people claiming this place was great. I'm convinced those people have no taste buds p_HFt0I92MHDNPWvdtyEBA  so we had to find a hotel and dinner. The hotel clerk recommended Miguel's and we are glad! Don't let the slightly rundown look of the building discourage you from eating here. The place was filled with people in both their inside and outside dining areas when we arrived around 8 pm Definitely worth the money!"  bell peppers.  The rice was good but wish there had been more guacamole. Husband had enchiladas Verdes. There was a heaping amount of chicken in the three. We took two sopaipilla back to hotel.  Thank goodness we had refrigerator with freezer. Yum two large containers of vanilla ice cream. Half time ball game deserts!" I enjoy eating Miguel ' s.   I especially enjoy their El Combo.  The restaurant is small so occasionally you may have to wait for a table.  Their service is a little spotty but their food makes up for it.  They serve real honest Mexican food.  If you like Mexican food you will enjoy this place. Great place and I would definitely recommend if you are in the area!"  it's kind of a hole in the wall but very clean and when the food and drinks arrive you won't care. It's mostly family members working. Well worth the money and the visit "Phenomenal food!!!!! Felt like I was back in Mexico. Very authentic and I make it a point to vist Miguel's the night  before I return home. I have been very pleased with the service After reading about this place on Yelp we decided to try it out and we were not disappointed! The queso was so good as were the steak fajitas! Deff check it out!  it's huge. Even the chips they gave us before were tasty. The place isn't fancy or doesn't look very appealing but the food is totally worth it especially if u are in the neighborhood. I put 4 out of 5 just because I've had better Mexican food and if it hadn't been recommended I probably wouldn't have gone The al pastor tacos were SO delicious!!  Awesome food with great prices. I'll definitely come back if I'm in town! It is must visit when in the vicinity of the airport...just 5-10 minutes away!" Not impressed at all- would definitely not recommend wasting your money. Bland seasoning- presentation was sloppy. Hate to say it but I would rather eat at taco bell. So disappointed... "Very solid dinner and drinks at Miguel's! Doesn't look like a lot All I got. At least their not rude." I eat here on a regular basis but this may be the last time. I had to ask twice before I got a refill for my drink and I asked four times for more chips for the dip we purchased and NEVER got the chips. Very annoyed with this place. They are usually better than this. There is easy parking but it is a bit of a loop around the major roads so I'd recommend using GPS the first time you go." "By far. The best food all over! I never have to guess where to eat when in the area. The daily food specials and drink specials are consistent and posted on website. No frills and flashy gimmicks Just moved from FL and we had a favorite Mexican restaurant.  We have tried 3-4 before we tried this place.  We arrived and it was busy.  Got a seat and then we ordered a pitcher of Texas margaritas witch were good not as good as our old place in FL but ok.   The food arrived and it was delicious.  I got the Miguel's fajitas and my husband got the choripollo.  He said it was better than our old place.  I loved the flavor of the fajitas.  Place is not fancy but if you want good food it's the best we have found yet.  People sitting outside to eat in 48 degree weather.  That should tell you something. We will be back. After posting this review and reading the other low star reviews it is apparent that the service is horrible here and not just a one time affair. Go else where." Awesome very authentic.  Dive. Old school independent. Guacamole excellent. Fajitas had everything right.  Salsa perfection  the flavor of everything tasted just a little off. I can't think of a single good thing about my experience. Maybe they were just having an off day? It's possible. I'd be willing to give them a second chance if the service had been better Really?  Read the reviews. Would have been almost enjoyable if there was service. Crabby server. She said total of five words. Got my order wrong. Avoid us like the plague. Ate what I could.  Worst burritos ever.  Runny beans. How do they stay in business?  Best part was sitting outside.  I am all for supporting local. But this place needs work. Don't expect good service or bringing a pretentious date because that's not the goal. What you will get is really good Mexican food in clt. "Terrible. The beef on the tacos has so much fat that it literally drips and soaks the taco. I always ask for soft shell and they always bring hard and I have to wait for them to bring me the right order. Going to on the border or something of that sort is better  DELISH!  Prices very good....staff was friendly and quick!  Would come again Ina minute!" "Food come out quick. They are very giving with their beverages. But the food seems to be pre-made and then reheated before being served. The veggies had small pieces of ice on it "The reviews have been very generous. I eat Mexican food quite often at different places. I had fajitas here at Miguel's and I can't say it was top 5. It wasn't bad That's OK!  I just need to look for another place for my favorite Mexican food." They have the best enchiladas of anywhere I have tried. If anyone knows of better ones let me know but at the moment these are king of the hill. Found this on Yelp while traveling. Don't judge by the looks. Food was authentic Mexican. Good quantity and quality. Chips are home made and crisp. Marinated pork in green sauce is awesome.  delicious! Decent amount of vegetarian options. Was pleasantly surprised to find chips and salsa in my bag as an added bonus! Would definitely recommend."  enjoy the breeze and some of the cars going by on the nearby freeway.  Food does the trick and the menu is extensive - hard to pick!  Lots of affordable options."  then look no further. My husband and I love sitting on the patio at this place and the food was great. There's just something about a local place like this that can't be beat."  the star is for the quiet outdoor seating and quick delivery of food to the table. But overall  I expected to be disappointed. Simply for the fact that it is so run down. It is a very small building with limited seating. They also have tables outside. But I'm a loyal customer now. They staff is friendly. The food comes out hot AND delicious (EVERY SINGLE TIME). They make a bomb mango margarita. My best friend and I call this ""our spot"". About a month ago  clean Mexican food.  Don't let the appearance of the building dissuade you.  If you are staying at one of the airport hotels Absolutely love this place!  I've been coming here since I found out about it from an airport employee 8 years ago.  Always consistently good!  it's a little hole in the wall place which makes it even better!" We will definitely come back when we fly in to Charlotte since they are so close to the airport."  I had some of the best Mexican food outside of Mexico! Pork verde was amazing! The service wasn't anything to rave about  enchilada & chili relleno. I called them back since I had what seemed like 2 enchiladas (the ""burrito"" was exactly like an enchilada) and the other third of the plate looked like melted cheese This is the worst Mexican restaurant I have ever been to. I am from Texas and I know great Mexican food. The service was not good and the chorizo was the saltiest I have ever had. I am now eating a bowl of ice cream just to get the taste of their food out of my mouth. Don't go there......run away! Very authentic Mexican food.  Don't let the rundown hotel next to it fool you.  Very good food. "The atmosphere here is comfortable and attractive.  The service is above average.  The lunch specials are quite appealing  not a chain.  Great salsa chips!   Steak anything is great Was in town for a 2 day visit and stopped by this place for lunch with 2 guests.  We were in a bit of a hurry as we had a meeting scheduled in about an hour.  Food was quite good and fresh.  Service was excellent and speedy.  We had some of the lunch specials and they were very reasonable.  Would definitely stop by next  time in town. Great food and amazing chips and salsa. Can get pretty crowded around lunch but well worth it.  I'm at Salsas come meet me"" Will I seek this place out for a meal other than that...no. However; it's a decent place for a Mexican lunch."  and the list goes on and on.  All of the food is really good!  They also will make you a made to order omelette with chorizo I go here alot cause its right down the street and the waiters bartenders are so cool.  I also eat the bean dip and one of the shrimp dishes.  Food is always consistent. "*****this place has changed their name Salsa's is always good in my book - I'll never complain when someone suggests going there!"  they had the volume of the band set perfectly.  You could clearly hear them Been here many times for lunch.  Good portion size and drink is included.  They have expanded which makes it much more comfortable on those busy lunch days.  Very friendly service.  i had some tacos and an enchilada and ended up taking most of it home because i stuffed my face with chips and salsa. lol. But it was good and their customer service was good. My waiter was really nice:)"  I looked at it and it was right. I gave them my card and the manager (not the waiter) brought me back the check having been authorized for a different amount (about $10 more). He claimed ""things were missing"" from the original check. I asked for the detail and he left.. the Waiter came back in 10 minutes looking for the signed check. I told him the manager was bringing me the details  I was not impressed with that. They have decent margaritas and cold beers.  I will go back Food was yummy! I had the combo platter with tacos and Mexican rice. "I went to Salsa's Cabo's for the Sunday Brunch Buffet.  The fresh-made tortillas were wonderful and the service was excellent  but it was a complete turnoff that the Cabo employee wasn't being honest and tried to make up a mysterious extra charge." I am rating it 3 stars because the place was clean and the food here might have been okay but the terrible service didn't let us enjoy it."  head to Cantina in Stonecrest or Senor Tequila on Rea Rd. Worth driving a few extra miles." Will keep going there for the consistently delicious food." Not bad food for price on lunch menu  I can say for sure I can tell the difference between good and bad Mexican food.  This place is really legit.  The refried beans were excellent." rg1-6A-8SKXGh_p-Abbyxg  its pretty standard mexican food.  I thought the salsa before the meal was too watery.  I had the fish tacos.  The fish was fried.  This place is ok if your in the area and hungry.  You won't be thrilled or disappointed." "I have been frequenting Zapata's for years and I love it! My favorite is the street tacos which are always fresh and delicious. I have never been disappointed with my food at Zapata's and I know many people who are patrons as well. It is a really large restaurant so there is always seating available. The service is always great. I can't say enough good things about it. I am a big fan of Mexican food and I have tried a lot I have also heard that they turn it into a Spanish club on the weekends  they sometimes lack flavor. A little sprinkle of salt will solve that problem! Substitute corn over flour tortillas and you will have an epiphany. Cheers to corn tortillas!" http:  www.zapatasrestaurant.com "  and even then I might think about sticking with the tuna sandwich I brought from home. Oh "I like Zapata's! The decor is ""Mexicany"" without being cheezy and my Garden Burrito was delicious. The warm red sauce they served with the burrito was smoky and yummy!"  but I keep going back for the Santa Fe Chimichanga.  I must've had about 20 of these in the past year...lol!  I love the rice  the cheeses (and the generous amount of cheeses!!!) and the beer. Did I mention the chicken dishes are all quite good. Have not tried the beef and fish entrees- yet." Service was great and quick.... definitely a great spot for lunch and I am assuming a good spot for dinner as well."  Cantina 1511 does it way better.  And since I live a few hundred yards from some of Charlotte's real Mexican and Salvadoran holes-in-the-wall  but it's not great either...and there is A LOT of food.  So it's a great value if you're hungry and definitely edible.  They have a few items that aren't found in most such places so that's good OK Mexican dishes. Not authentic but good and tasty. Quick fix if your in that neighborhood.  that's how our sangria was served all those many years ago (late 90s or early 2000s).  I plan on asking her to take me here again on my next visit next month Amazing!  I ordered the El Paso Beef Chimichangas.  I went back again the next day!!!   Great food-great service!  If you are in the mood for Mexican...this is your place!  I recommend them grilled.  **Watch for the pulled-chicken.  It's not so tasty compared to the chicken-breast or steak.  **$2.25 Tecate cans on Thursday nights.  **You can get a steak chicken mix with the burritos" This is REALLY good Mexican!  We went there two nights in a row when in town.  there's no way to not eat at a mall depending on what you're looking for.  The menu was everything delicious.  I ordered the soup alboguins  and tasty with large but not overwhelming proportions. Would definitely return." "Not the best mexican restaurant. The food was very bland and a little bit over priced for what it really was. I ordered pollo fundido which is pretty good  none of the owners or the cooks have been near Mexico or real Mexican food. avoid if you can." And for Cinco de Mayo? This is the place to be." I really can't overemphasize how bland everything was.   Don't go here if you require food that has some kind of flavor."  this would be a good place to have a drink on the patio Moral: just because it is right next to the hotel doesn't mean food is gonna be awesome."  it's been downright mediocure.  Today it bordered on gross.  I ordered a beef quesidilla and thought I was getting steak.  I got some geasy ground beef I asume they use for tacos.  It bore no resemblance to a quesadilla.  It was just a taco with stuff on top. I  would have done better at Monterrey's  our order was incorrect and we did not receive any refills. There were only about 4 parties in the restaurant so it wasn't due to being busy." This place has authentic Mexican cuisine. I came here with my sister who has been talking about the wonderful food here.We tried the vegetarian fajitas and Mexican stir fry. Both were delicious. Their tortila chips were served hot and the salsa was a little different but okay. The servers were courteous and the service was pretty quick. I will visit this place again! "One of my favorite spots in university to have s good time! The service is fast and the food is ok. although I believe the margaritas are not made from fresh ingredients  what a lovely location!  Outdoor seating with a view of the lake available.  I ordered the cheese enchiladas with Mexican rice and retried beans.  Creamy  we always have a great time!" Zapata's has a few small positives.  Their outside patio looking over the man-made pond is nice.  Their margaritas are good  but food has always been just barely above average.  Fajitas should come out hot but never do.  Chips and salsa are good once you ask for pico de gallo and chipotle salsa to add to the regular red.  The outdoor porch Charlotte - Let me tell you that first off the Customer Service was GREAT ! I mean they was on point.... The food was Great also and I highly recommend.  same as the service. The best thing is there location. Other than that there are many better Mexican restaurants in the area with better pricing and service. Don Pedro's and Cazuela's being 2 of my top choice." Super long story short: Sub-par food  they set up and served all our employees. The food was great and had a lot left over Food was only ok here. Wasn't what I was used to like back home in California. A good thing about this place is that they give you good size portions for a good price. They have a good happy hour here as well for margaritas and beers. The place is comfortable with dinning availability upstairs and downstairs.  Again the food was quality was average. If you are looking for a place to satisfy your hunger then this is your place. "Had an amazing take out meal from here. The Hawaiian tacos were fantastic! Everything my party tried was great This place is seriously delicious. Good location. Quick service. Got spinach enchiladas and they were so good. I'll be back! The service was good but I got the 'pollo poblano' entree and it was so not appetizing. The rice and bean stuff was fine but ugh I am never getting that again. They gave us some chips and salsa. The salsa was too liquidy. It sort of seems like as thought they added much more water into it. The dessert thing that they just gave us was interesting. So technically got an appetizer an dessert for free and they give you more so that's nice  But service was pretty bad. There were two waiters and about 4 tables but we had to wait almost half an hour to get a to go box and the check for some reason ."  drinks) or to bring us our check was next to impossible. Honestly the only reason I'm giving Zapata's two stars instead of just one is because I know they were busy (and obviously that affects the quality of service) and because my friend enjoyed his meal Absolutely best Mexican in Charlotte! The service was prompt. The margarita was amazing! Best wings in Charlotte! The area are large and price is fair. Absolutely love the deck atmosphere. Must eat here frequently!  CA and trying to find a good Mexican food restaurant. Went here and was bummed that they didn't have Chile Colorado but they made up for it with how great their Garden Fresh Burrito was. It had tons of veggies grilled perfectly and it was more food than I could even think of eating. My husband had a shredded pork burrito and even though his was a bit small he said it was tasty. Definitely going to be visiting this place again." Vegetarian chimichanga is fried hard and stuffed with various veggies. Enough to split." The food was good the service could use some work  soggy and tasted microwaved. I think they might have given me an order that was sent back and was being held. The rice was pretty decent. I took my food to work because I didn't want to waste it  saltless and all-around flavorless rubber and onions. Everything was severely overcooked and just plain bad in the ceviche. My main course wasn't much better. Everything was bland  and the salsa is awesome. The queso dip is really good too!. I haven't ventured far from the quesadillas so I cant tell you much about the rest of menu but I can say that they have great quesadillas with generous portions and you can't go wrong no matter what you try. The steak quesadilla is my favorite by far. I have tried a few other dishes and I haven't found something I don't like I then had the beef fajitas and they too were excellent and I washed them down with the special margarita of the day.  I will repeat the next time I'm in town."  ""I'm sorry for the misunderstanding"".....Attention all managers: Being apologetic in the face of controversy doesn't suggest a weakness. There was not even an attempt to right the wrong. We work hard for our money also and like to be wise in spending as we make decisions to relax and have recreation. My level of disappointment can not be expressed any further than saying.....This was really awful treatment of guests in your restaurant. No words......"  but looked as if they had trouble when I payed. Not sure if they had islooksues with their system or if it was just the person. All in all... 3 stars"  the male hostess decided then to seat us but at that point it was too late and we were already aggravted. Customer service was horrible." Authentic Mexican!  Chips were crispy served with salsa.  chimichanga served with guacamole accompanied by rice and beans  was delicious.  Sat on the patio since the weather was so nice.  even the chile relleno was pretty unappealing. The fajita chimichanga tasted like Chinese food. I smothered everything in salsa and jalapeo cheese dip My family really loves this place. My family gives it 3 stars. Food is not terrible but not something that they're dying to get back to." rg1-6A-8SKXGh_p-Abbyxg I visited today with my son to enjoy the day. The waitress didn't ask how we were doing can she help us pick something out. She wasn't helpful at all never asked how our food was. It was so nasty my stomach hurt so bad afterwards. I didn't want a to go box & she didn't even ask was everything ok. I go out to eat a lot & Mexican is one of my favorites but I will never go back there. Holycrap!! They have the best frickin deluxe burrito ever and that's comin from a burrito finatic and nice people with the best salsa and guacamole and sour cream ever! "I've always liked this place. But I think they changed their cook. Spinach enchiladas were one of my favorites here  and it tasted like there was not much alcohol in it. I can't shake the feeling this restaurant cheats its customers "We have been going to Zapatas for over 12 years and have never had a bad experience.  The food is consistent - we get the same thing every time - enchiladas suizas and chicken fajitas. Frozen margaritas are delish! Chips are nicely seasoned and salsa is fabulous. We usually get a bowl of queso too - perfect texture. I'm not sure we've had a bad experience with service here over all these years hK-6CjT-4Tn12q9xmn162w It's okay but I've had better the salsa is very mild no kick. Food lacked a lot of seasoning. But it came out hot and and fresh "Best Mexican we've had since moving to Charlotte. LOVELY personnel and food is always fresh and yummy. We have tried other Mexican restaurants that have been highly rated "This place gives you generous portions at a reasonable price.  Tasty food and nice service. Five ***** Enjoyed dinner here in celebration of Margarita Day. Food was mediocre but margarita was good.  The ambiance is relaxed and on a nice day you can enjoy the outdoor seating.  and chorizo tacos. Their salsa is great. Pina Coladas are awesome. We have never had a bad meal here." This was a great Mexican restaurant. The burrito's were great! I'm guessing it's the best Mexican food in Charlotte but it's the only restaurant I have been to in Charlotte. To say this place is a joke is an understatement. It's sad that I have to leave one star!"  visited Carowinds so on the way home we wanted Mexican food and came across this restaurant.. Friendly waitress and food and salsa tasted fresh"  so my husband sat for a half hour without even being offered a beverage on the house. The enchiladas were poorly made and for the most part tasteless. Anyone have any suggestions for GOOD Mexican food in the Ballantyne Pineville area? We're done with this poor excuse for a Mexican restaurant." Lovely. Great service and the food was amazingly fresh and delicious! Very impressed. Thank you for the great afternoon! PS: How can I forget...THE MARGARITAS WERE OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!  sort of dismissing it from consideration. Tonight we checked it out and THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! Do NOT pass pass this place by!" "I had an early Friday dinner here. The strawberry frozen margarita was strong and that's how I like it (* wink *). The servers and the hostesses were nice. The view of the boardwalk is relaxing to sit by and listen to the music they have playing there. The food was delicious. I had grilled chicken street tacos and the black beans came in a tortilla chip bowl Heard the atmosphere is better at the other Salsa's location on Carmel Road but  when I obviously had a lot of shrimp left to eat.  This actually happened repeatedly.  I just am not a fan of getting rushed out of a restaurant.  The food was great  I can see where the pricing might be a bit higher than other local Mexican restaurants Margaritas weren't bad. Food would be the bigger draw for moi." "this is the best ""Mexican"" restaurant in Charlotte Very nice place for lunch. The food was tasty and the service was great. The chips and salsa were typical of most mexican restaurants. I ordered the Speedy Gonzalez which is always a safe bet. My boyfriend had a special order--it wasn't on the menu but they were willing to cook what he asked. We will definitely eat here in the future. OMG! they have some good fried ice cream. Great service and great steak fajitas. Overall....if your looking for a step above taco bell with cheap margs and low food prices...go here. You may get the worst service but the food is pretty good."  but would gladly return when I am in the area!" I just love circling around a shopping on a Friday night looking for a place that no longer exists...... not!" This guy knows how to make your burrito Most of the staff is latino. You can't eat inside and it got pretty busy just after noontime. You can sit outside in the hallway they have 3 tables and there are some more down the hallway in front of another eatery."  tasty burritos with super friendly service and a great soda selection. The grilled veggies are spot-on. Johnny is always around to make sure you are having a great experience." BTW have a brain when you write a review on here." I stopped in randomly for lunch the other day and it was great. there was a longer line but thought it must be worth it.  the line moved pretty fast due to the guy behind the register.  he moved the line along with speed and not at the expense of the customer.  funny guy.  the burrito was perfect and delicious.  I will visit Johnny Burrito often when i buy lunch in town. Oh...Guacamole is included for free." You can finish your meal in the heat air conditioning of the atrium for some extra people watching or on a nice day sit outside in the court yard in the sun or shade.  You can't beat that with a yummy burrito stuffed just the way you like it.  At the very least They also have a great selection of old school sodas and a sun drop slushie."  the steak had a hint of flavor even though they were generous with it...I didn't put sour cream cheese on there Thumbs up Johnny B's!" You can take it upstairs to the seating either in the Atrium or outside by the fountains as there is no seating at the actual shop Order your meat or veggie The line looks so long but as others have said it's fast moving! It's another great place when you want to change it up with your lunch options!" "Good burritos and fast service. Recent visits have brought forth burritos lacking the oomph of burritos past. The firecracker chicken poppin but not crackin  or back at the office.  In and out in only a few minutes with a $7 regular that has knockoff chicklets in the bag to take care of post lunch breath.  Oh  I love this place and have it on a 1-2 times a month rotation.  I like supporting the small business owner  you're supporting a small business owner!" They have a special on Friday's but.. its no good for me because I doubt I'll try it again. (I've been here 3x)"  etc.  They load the burrito up with toppings and they don't charge extra for guac (YES!!).  The hot sauces they have are HOT and I love it!  It sucks this place is uptown or else I would be a regular." iTjwgc3rHS5k3GptqIp2Uw  no. Good workday lunch? Sure."  great job on trying to speak spanish "My favorite lunch spot. Always some great meat selections  etc. are fresh and delicious.  Love this place and everyone who works here!" "Burritos are very good and they don't nickel & dime you on guacamole   queso or any other toppings. Great cherry lime sundrop slushies. Lines are long at lunch but move very fast. Owner takes care of the staff  and style.  How many restaurants can move a line of 30 in 10 minutes?  I also like the fact that ""You're the boss for the next 8 feet"".  This place is amazing.  More or less I would likely visit again as it's convenient downtown  but sloppy to eat. It was a while back & it didn't stick out to me enough to remember more than that..."  fresh and delicious food -- A truly local and consistently excellent establishment!"  gives great suggestions for mixing and matching proteins or sauces. Place can get packed for lunch." "A little expensive but first class customer service and fresh veggies and food all the way around.  Very personalized and very fast.  This is hands down the best burrito place in Charlotte and I am a burrito aficionado.  Sorry Best burrito in Charlotte.  Easily outclasses qdoba or chiptole.  Haberno salsa is perfect blend of heat & flavor.  Chic-let gum with every order.  Favorite lunch spot uptown Charlotte. Awesome experience can't wait to go back !!!" Hands down the best burrito in Charlotte. Fresh ingredients and friendly service make Johnny a must visit for burrito lovers. My go to is a big spicy chicken loaded with all the fresh fixings. Get there before noon to avoid a LONG line. When they have tamales they are worth a try as well. Not the best I've ever had but there aren't many places to get tamales in Charlotte much less uptown Charlotte." Time it just right at 11... and you are good to go... other wise you might as well wait until 1 or 2 to get your Johnny Burrito fix."  so delicious.  Same price regardless of what toppings you get.  It is ver filling as well.  Get there early or you will most likely stand in a line that is out the door.  Also  but it moves very quickly. My favorite are the tamales on Tuesdays and Fridays. Johnny and his staff are super-friendly. You can tell he treats them right because many of them have been there for years This place is overrated. The food is no better then the other burrito places in uptown. I guess the private ownership and legacy reputation leads people to give it more credit than it deserves. You also get lip from the owner if you want to pay credit. Best burritos ever!  Love this place! Bring CASH Johnny likes that" "Hidden below the Wells Fargo building but I love this place.  I always get the chicken burrito bowl.  You pay upfront and then add all the toppings you want.  You don't have to pay extra for guac so I love that. They will also put chips at the bottom for you.  It goes 1. Johnny Burrito. 2. Chipotle. 3. Qdoba. 4. If I must Highly highly recommended!"  and very fast once you get through the line. And there is usually a line during the week. Really good stuff"  and I bet would make even a veggie burrito really good- although I've never ordered one. I also prefer the melted queso over the shredded  ""Burrito Monday"" in our office." "Worth waiting in the line (which does move quickly). You go along the line & tell the preparer what you want in your burrito. Excellent every time. No seating  friendly place to get great food. Try the Sundrop icee! Don't miss it!" P.S. If you are an Indian and you find the burritos in other places kinda bland  my favorite lunch spot when visiting Charlotte" I can occasionally tolerate the pressure for not using ""casheesh."" But to me By far my favorite burrito place in Charlotte. Don't let the long line deceive you - it moves fast and is totally worth the wait!" Just tried this place for the first time today since we just moved offices downtown and I was blown away! Incredible burrito and extremely friendly staff. I've never been to a burrito spot that can make it as specifically spicy as I like it and they nailed it. Nothing bland about the food here.. create whatever you want and as spicy as you like. Great experience and will most definitely be back.  so trying to make it to uptown on a weekday when you don't work in uptown can be a struggle!"  my coworker told me a story about how he came back to Charlotte after 9 years of not living here and found the same people working here with the same great taste. I found that pretty insane. When ordering Btw I was also surprised pleasantly to see that they stock Thumbs up and Limca :-)" Make sure you bring your casheesh :) The tamales are amazing really good burritos. Even if the line is long it will move very fast.  when paying with a credit card....ill pass the next time. I'll take my $ and my appetite somewhere else."  very similar to Moe's (or) Salsarita's but we can get many varieties of hot sauces that you can choose in a small container.  However  salsa and beans. Awesome! Lucky to have found this gem on my visit to Charlotte." https:  www.yelp.com user_details?userid=MoVAiPgONz2vSae4ffzCOA"  and one of the big guys there always seems to remember what I ordered last time "Excellent Mexican food.  Highly recommend.  My personal favorites include the El Vegitariano & Burrito Texano.  Chips and salsa are always great Would I return? Absolutely!" "El Cancun was a great choice for lunch.  They serve warm tortilla chips and some pretty good salsa.  Talk about lunch on the cheap "Yummy yummy. I had one of the best enchiladas from here. The tacos are good too. I was greeted by a very nice lady and they had my food to me in no time. From the outside its not that flattering but inside its so cute Not the best I have had mediocre and generic for that matter. I ordered the carnitas(fried porks pieces) and what I got was like five chunks of dry flavorless pork. Not good kinda left feeling sick. The rest of the food ordered by the rest of my party was none to appetizing either. I recommend going to find a place on or by south blvd in Charlotte  like Azteca it's well worth the extra five minute drive. The only plus to this place was the super sized sodas. Haha  fairly authentic food. Not the best I've had  the ladies room smelled like a dirty kitchen and the food was overall flavorless.  I never send food back (didn't tonight either) but I almost feel like I should have given them some feedback... thus the review.  oh yea the service was odd... the waitress didn't even ask us if we were ready to order. She just gave us a look... even if she didn't speak english she could have smiled or something." I probably would not go back."  this was one of the worse restaurant prepared meals that I have had the pleasure of experiencing. Kudos to the good folks at El Cancun"  no way that place is terrible"" don't put your experience with the really shitty location on to the one in Rock Hill and give the other one a chance."  El Cancun. It's been great." Pretty good Mexican food. Kid friendly environment. Take out is am option I'm sure.  but I feel that it is a little on the expensive side for what you get."  this place is perfect for families!"  but the staff is generally friendly...which makes up a tiny bit for everything else...but the price is not right for food this blah."  and it always comes out looking and tasting different each time."  I had a decent meal at a forgettable establishment that we'll probably not go out of way to revisit... unless we're driving back from Rock Hill to Charlotte really hung over again." El Maguey doesn't vary too much from other Americanized Mexican places in the Charlotte area.  They have the complimentary chips and salsa and plenty of combinations along with some specialties.  It is probably a very slight step up from Zapata's and Charanda's but it's no la Poblanita.  The food was a little over priced.  $11 for about 5 oz of chicken topped with spinach and cheese and a side of beans and rice.  Our services was somewhat slow despite only one other tabe in thie place and three servers.  I'd go back but it probably wouldn't be my 1st choice for Mexican. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing; and hit them on the wrong day.  I stay in search of a really good Mexican meal in the area!!!" Friendly staff and we've always felt welcome!" Only people in the place and the waitress messed up a simple order. Chili verde was ok but not worth $11. Husband had chicken & cheese enchiladas and said they were bland.  so I did. The lady behind the counter asked ""what's the problem""? I proceeded to tell her and she actually argued with me and tried to convince me that I had a beef chimichanga. She admitted they had gotten it wrong with meat. I asked for a refund and she said how much was it? I told her they had a copy of the receipt Always good inexpensive food and margaritas. Friendly staff. You might even see Elvis there! "Arrived late on a Friday night and had no wait time. Staff was very friendly and food was good. I had the Hawaiian quesadilla and would get it again for sure!  Probably not going to be added to my favorite Mexican places This place is awesome! I am so glad we came here instead. Food was great and service was awesome! Come here if u want some awesome Mexican food! "Today's visit was our third to a Mexican restaurant this weekend.  Hot tortilla chips and pretty decent salsa curbed our appetite while we waited for the inlaws to arrive...In my opinion salsa can always used more cilantro!  Today I ordered the chicken quesadilla from the lunch menu for $5.99 and it was a great size for the money and the rice was good as well.  Service was good and very attentive...bill was combined and had to be split at the door which is kind of irritating Great little place just across the border.  Food is always great as well as service.  has outside seating when it's not broiling hot outside  I've had better"" is the perfect description.  The service is pretty good though." She6nAFoCwhUcfdeYWIgzA  and an absoulutely fantastic STAFF that goes out of their way to make the night special for you!  Two thumbs up!!"  kid friendly.  I had the Spinach enchiladas which I promptly inhaled. I decided that I have to leave a review for any other travelers looking for a bite -- stop here!" Great place and has been for several years now.  I love the El Cancun burritos and they always have great specials  no question. The chips and salsa are very very good and the food never disappoints. The staff is very welcoming and helpful. Arroz con pollo is an easy call but the menu has plenty to offer! COLD BEER!!!" Overall. I will definitely come back & I recommend crossing the border for it!"  at best.  We were seated immediately but it took our server 7 minutes to acknowledge we were there.  The queso dip was cold & thick.  The food was very mediocre.  I will never spend another dime here." "This was the worst Mexican food I've ever had!! First off ordered a margarita came to the table looking very weak and it tasted even worse I had to send it back! I decided to just go with a draft beer which is very hard to screw up. They give you free chips with salsa the salsa was nothing special either no kick Great food and large portions.  They have great lunch specials.  I can't complain about this place at all. One comment I feel I have to make is Rey Azteca recently received a ""C"" rating from the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control. Meaning their food handling and cleanliness was ""poor to marginal"" during a surprise inspection. They've since brought their rating back up to an ""A""  but also the rice was fantastic.  I dipped the taquitos in the supplied salsa and it was epic! Best Mexican food experience I've had anywhere." Yumm! Chili Verde pork dinner with rice and beans! So good! Service was great and the salsa and chips were awesome! Salsa came in a small carafe with small plates for serving! Very nice accommodation!  not much care into the assembly of the plate etc. Had one of the bus boys drop a salsa and splat all over me and they didn't seem to care. Salsa tastes different every time. Cheap eats yes but not high quality just typical flavor I guess. As for the structure and decor well that is lacking they don't bother with much of that at all."  food is decent and the price is good." Order from the lunch menu for lower prices "Location review for the smaller restaurant...they have a great chicken soup. You can heat it up with jalapeos. Add the avocado and it's delicious. Fresh tasting soup. Service is good If you are looking for Tex-Mex this is a great place to try." I'd rather poke my eye out or eat at La Bambas...."  but the men items themselves looked little more tex-mex ish. I had a fajita plate while my friend had a chicken dish (I forgot what it was called). My fajita arrived on a sizzling hot plate (that's takes care of the ""fun part"" regardless of the quality)  but she did end up finding a chicken breast entree that is now her favorite.  The prices are quite reasonable and given the amount of food always a good deal.  Mi Cocina probably won't ever be held up as a paragon of the style  the service is better than your average Madison restaurant and the bathrooms were clean.  It is a bit out of our way but it is consistent enough to warrant more visits." Kids eat free on Sundays so keep that in mind!" Kids eat free on Sunday!  get one coupon. I won't be heading back. Go to Los Gemelos off of State St instead."  lime margarita I have yet to find one I love here.  I'm not your typical margarita drinker.  The aftermath of too much sweet margarita mix and I do not get along.  I admit  nice quite atmosphere."  it's Mi Cocina I want! I like going for lunch on Tuesday - the lunch special is a chicken enchilada." If you like Laredo's you will like this place... Might even be owned by the same people?  and they were absolutely perfect. Blended just right with no big chunks of ice; perfectly balanced strawberry and tequila flavor. I could have consumed that whole pitcher by myself without even putting in too much effort. Yum!"  but the sauce inside of my taco and chimichanga was a strange ketchup bbq tasting mixture.  Beans were ok  but they don't care about serving their customers. Feedback to the manager fell on a deaf ear. After visiting Mi Cocina Cocina Real for years I was looking forward to the new decor. I would prefer the old place there servers offered too much than the new location where you are lucky if you get food and even luckier if it's the right food. If you go when it's busy  the manager returned to our table and informed us that our waiter forgot to enter our order in the system.  Our orders were then rushed through and finally our meals made it to the table.  My girlfriend received the completely wrong dish  I grew up eating this food and I feel like I am gonna die. The server was also a weirdo who kissed my white husbands butt and assumed he was paying...hilarious. This place also has a privacy screen in front of the kitchen 77ESrCo7hQ96VpCWWdvoxg  Drinks: Yay! Food: Ehh. Service: Booooo!"  lots more onions and veggies and less Chicken.  But I always get the hot salsa ( by request only) and that usually makes the meal even better.  Still cant beat the value for the money  but this was really one of the worst restaurant experiences in my life."  as is the quesadilla because it showcases the delicious aforementioned tortilla.  Also  but kinda doubt I'll go there.  They were roughly equivalent to Chipotle and Qdoba.  Only reason I really went here was close proximity to my work  and decorated the place up a little more. After that the food didn't taste as good and the service became lackluster -perhaps forgiveable if not for the price increases. Our little group of Laredo's fans was heartbroken." Never been upset with Loredo's.  Resturant is always clean and service is always good.  I prefer their new location in Fitchburg. "I didn't think the meal was spectacular but it was fast. I love the salsa and chips they put out and the at atmosphere is casual enjoyable. I think in the evening  good burrito. Haven't found any Wonderful mexican in Madison so far Very good mexican food.   Authentic in taste and atmosphere.  The Fajita Guadalajara is our favorite.  We share it and there's plenty for both of us.  but the atmosphere (dark) and service (lacking) make it pretty low on my list of Mexican places in Madison." and churros. It wasn't the greatest but it wasn't the worst thing in the world. We only got our food to take-out so I don't really know about there wait staff or the bar. We got our food pretty quickly and it was hot but not really well packaged. When we got back to the hotel some  of packages where leaking I think Laredo's has the best Mexican food in Madison. I really like their salsa and guacamole. They have great cheese enchiladas too. Their margaritas are really tasty too:-) I recommend going to eat here.  but it was too rich.  Like they ran low on rice milk and supplemented with cow milk or something.  It also left a slight film in my mouth which is a quick way to get me to dislike anything."  but I love it.  The service is great and combo #1 is a home run." "Excellent food and very fast and courteous wait staff.  I always get the chicken burrito made to order with queso on top S4TWo9X6b3gU6uucj4JN3g See more info in my review of Pedro's." "Some of the best Mexican food in Madison. Well priced S4TWo9X6b3gU6uucj4JN3g  I'd recommend this place to friends and family who I know aren't ready for a ""real"" Mexican experience. It is what it is   the food can be hit or miss.  Atmosphere is much more relaxed than pedros. Lots of choices and combos. I really likes the quesadilla You don't walk into the place expecting 5-star gourmet but it tastes delicious and it is reasonably priced."  which they had a great selection of.  I recommend for either a night out for dinner or lunch date with a pal." The only complaint I have is the prices for margaritas - $10 and it didn't taste like a drop of tequila was in it :( other than that we will definitely be coming back  is taking leftovers home and turning into a scramble or frittata the following morning. SO GOOD!" "This is one of my favorite places to eat Mexican in Madison!! Really good fajitas   soo good with white cheese sauce and table side guacamole is fun and tasty too! Service is fast and clean environment! U won't be disappointed" while not the best cut of meat it was huge and tasted very good. I'm a pretty good eater and could not finish it . The service was fast and friendly and I could not find any real fault's with this Establishment. Next time it could be first on my list You always know what you're going to get. Very consistent each time I go. They have good chicken enchiladas. Food can take some time so you may not want to visit if you are in a rush. "Not really a whole lot of flavor going on.. I liked the beans and sausage pulled pork cup of whatever it was. The chips and cheese sauce was good "Mediocre Mexican food. Enjoyed the chips and salsa. Thumbs up for our friendly  but we dine with our six year old often and Pedro's is a great place for kids or to go after work to watch the game.  They have changed the salsa twice and it still sucks.  I was informed by the manager that the old recipe was 'too spicy' for people in this overgrown Mayberry.  Over all it is decent with pretty good service.  4 stars are for value and service." This place is an afront to the people of Mexico and their cuisine."  and decent service.  The food plays to the lowest common denominator so my friends who hate all things not-American food can find something they enjoy. If you want authentic Mexican go to S. Park Street and hit up El Pastor. (for serious) Also If you have to choose between the east side Pedro's or the west side location.. hands down pick the west. (east is a tad dumpy)" "All I ever get here are the chicken fajitas and those are fairly hard to screw up.  Anything else I've tired here has been sub-par.  Really  and then burned.  The ranchero sauce tasted like the red sauce that comes with Spaghetti-O's.   The chips and salsa was less spectacular than the stuff I buy on sale at the grocery store.  The part I depend on most to get me through crappy Mexican food - margaritas - also disappointed.  They tasted like Kool-Aid (but without adequate water) and lacked tequila.  This was all at the west side location  my first priority was to find my new favorite Mexican restaurant.  Pedro's was  rabid infested pack of Chihuahuas would touch this food. All their food is canned process nonsense. It's like Mc Donalds on Mescaline. Now the freshly made tortillas are good  very reasonable.  They have a good price on their lunch menu.   I wouldn't say I recommend it necessarily if you are looking for authentic Mexican...buuut  I have had a great fajita or two in my day. If you are feeling rebellious and decide to go despite the many poor reviews  and Pedro's fits right in to this muddy amalgam of mediocrity. Some things it does well though  and the service was prompt and we got our food quickly.  Our waiter was friendly (they have been whenever I've gone) and the food was pretty tasty.  All in all  def don't dress up of you are going to drink here... You will get hit on by creepers and townies."  and ambiance was like the time I fell off my motorcycle and got really bad road rash.  I hope I won't be doing that again any time soon."  quality control out of the kitchen and a remodel deep cleaning."  definitely not authentic. But what's special about them is their fun atmosphere." One other thing to mention...  Have had a group event at Pedro's - and also a couple events catered.  The catering menu is great - and they make it really easy."  Laredo's does not.  Pedro's gives you a much bigger bowl of salsa that Laredo's.  I never have to look around for a refill.  But the salsa tastes vary different between the two restaurants.  The Mexican rice at Pedro's is very tomatoey (?)  Service at Pedro's is not as good as Laredo's.  Overall "Opinions are a changing.  Went to Pedros over the weekend.  Tamales were not good.  The sauce had formed a skin on the top because it sat under the heat lamps too long.  I took three bites before I found any pork.  I ate half of one and the waiter asked if I wanted to take the rest home.  When I said no  or burnt. Half the time I'm there they screw up my order. One time there was a miscommunication between the waitress and my boyfriend which ended up costing us $7. It wouldn't have been that big of a deal if the manager at first told the waitress to tell us she wasn't there and when she did finally come out she didn't apologize "The fajitas were awesome and the tortillas were fresh from the tortilla-machine which was kinda fascinating. Delicious corn cakes. The fish tacos however were shitty  and then a fun treat--warm fluffy tortillas which we could put butter or sugar on. These were amazing...I liked this change. I was getting full by this point and the entree hadn't even been served. We also got some guac which was made in a cool manner with some great ingredients table side. Delicious. When my vegetarian tamales finally came  microwaved food. I ordered a chimi and the middle was still frozen. Server was really slow and did not seem to know the menu. The dining area is extremely shabby: ripped cushions and dingy tables. I do not know why I stayed after the first five minutes."  take a short drive to Cuco's on Buckeye Rd off of Stoughton and ask for Diana.  She makes great margaritas :)"  thats not the experience I had. I sat down and immediately wondered what was in store. What followed (a bland burrito) was both surprising (not in a good way) and disappointing (for the obvious blandness). In short  detoured into Madison on the ride home and still got my fix of yummie fresh hot chips and salsa with a tasty strawberry marg.  Onto my fav dish  but more on that later.  Don't come to Pedro's in search of authentic Mexican food.  But there are some things on the menu that are perfectly fine should you find yourself here for some reason "Warning: DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PLACE! Terrible service! I've had multiple items on the menu It's like Mexican food for people who don't like Mexican food. Much of the food had little taste to it. I would rather eat Taco Bell  Mexican food which is ""amazing"" is hard to find.  Their salsa had a good flavor.  One thing which was great is their tortillas  but give the shrimp wrap a pass.  The waiter was also truly nice.  So like I say  that probably isn't enough to bring me back again anytime soon." He clearly doesn't care about his customers! Awful!" "The only thing good about this place is Tuesday and Thursday is half price Margaritas... That and they have a chip The food was really really good. Fast and courteous service.  The prices and menu selection was very reasonable. I plan on returning for future visits.  kind of slow especially if you have 8 or more people. Table is served the standard chips and salsa. Also served fresh tortillas and butter which I have never seen anywhere else and were very good." The food is pretty good and they have a very large bar selection. The tortillas are fresh and my favorite dish is the shrimp fajitas." Chick Enchiladas Suiza are the only way to go! I always have a side of corn cakes as they are delicious!"  food not so good.  My fault for ordering mashed potatoes at a Mexican restaurant.  Entree size very small for the price." great fresh tortillas and chip and ask salsa ask for the hot salsa reasonable priced kids menu even better deal on sundays love the seafood burrito with shrimp good enchildas probarly not true authentic mexician but my family has always liked it good place for large groups service is solid we come as much as any sitdown resturant in town  queso and Spanish rice in the bar area. We will definitely be back for that!"  a buttered tortilla with crushed up chips and a little salsa is probalby the best thing they have Bad service. Waiter was rude and obnoxious.  We never got refills on drinks or salsa. The menus were sticky. Fajitas came out w literally one tablespoon of cheese..we live in Wisconsin! !! The chimichangas were on point though.  Pedro's lacks that extra spark that used to make it worth a special stop when visiting or passing through town. Not to mention the Mexican cuisine options have exploded in Madison in the last 20 years  the previous time I was here a few years ago they had this fantastically gay waiter named Jimmy. He was outrageously friendly and chatty and actually sat down at our booth with us to chat about Plan B and the LGBT scene in Madison. It was a fun time!" Favorite margarita flavor is peach!"  I'm convinced that this is not a place I want to support. With the closure of the Westside location I had such high hopes as I wanted to find a good Mexican place in Madison. It's not this place. :-(" Never going here again. Being a bartender I know what makes good service and this place sucks. Even managment watched as employees  passed me and never said a word. My glass was dipped in the ice to be filled instead of using a ice scoop....even after I told the bartender we hated another place that it also occured. "I used to eat at Pedro's all the time. For years it was my go to place. I moved away for a number of years and just moved back to Madison 2 years ago. Friday we went to Pedro's for dinner. Worst meal I have had....ever. The service was great It might be worth stopping in on Tuesdays or Thursdays for their half-price margarita special (I imagine those haven't changed over the years) The restaurant itself is aging.  A little work could be put into it to make it nice again.  There were more flies around than I prefer to have - that was a turn-off."  he got order wrong and brought new one that was correct and had an attitude.  Didn't comp meal and had bad attitude"  and I'm hopeful that someone with authority reads this review and does something to address the consistent under staffing issue they seem to have.  The last 3 times we've visited we've sat in the side bar area (where the trivia host game takes place).  The most recent time I actually counted how many tables the one waitress assigned to this section was responsible for.  I counted 16.  These aren't just 16 two tops either.  It wasn't the waitress' fault  aren't you? You feel the shame of wanting that instead of the stone-ground organic blue corn chips and authentic imported Oaxacan cheese  but coming in the doors quickly changed my mindset. We were offered fresh  super small bad. We sent it back. the manager did everything in her power to make sure we were happy. It felt like she actually cared and wanted us to leave satisfied. That is probably the main reason we still come back for margaritas and the main reason why I have to give Pedro's three stars." wPidHd5FxspPRgVqdEQ-Xw  sure - but why even have that much space if you can't handle it being filled? The waiter was polite but seemed completely unaware of the situation or this is normal from time to time there? At a minimum an acknowledgement explanation would have been great like ""we're a little understaffed but we're working on it"". When we left  Probably stick to genuine Mexican restaurant next time or belly up to the bar and order tapas style and ""mug o' marg"""  the family came in on a Sunday afternoon and we were served free hot and fresh chips and Tortilla's  btw. And don't sit straight in the back of the building by the games and TVs because there's only one speaker for the music in the bar area and that's where it is. They blast it so don't expect to have conversations without losing your voice and hearing. I'm all for loud Stopping at McDs on way home for fish ""sammich'."  I could have over looked  some of the other things in regards to the food but the tortillas really ruined the whole meal and enjoyment in having fajitas! We asked for a second serving to see if it was just that one that was off looking and tasting but they were all brown. I expected the typical white tortillas with golden spots. Wish I would have just ordered something else but our waitress was so nice and the fajitas meat onions fried up tasted good. I hope that this place can turn things around and would like to see them get through the hurdles they are going through. Some signs are posted outside in regards to people loitering as I know they have had some problems in the area and that is sad. Not sure if I will ever be back because I can't stand the thought of those tortillas!! Maybe a better place to go for bar food. Not really sure what's happened here but hoping things are resolved sooner than later. Oh and both stars are for the waitress! She was the only good thing about the whole experience." In the end -- yes vote for parties at Pedro's and lower your expectations for a dinner date." I've been going to Pedro's pretty much as long as I can remember. The food has never disappointed me. I usually get a chicken chimichanga or burrito. This past time I tried the taco salad with grilled chicken. I love their fresh tortillas and chips and salsa. If you like spicy ask for the green salsa. They don't bring it out unless you ask. The margaritas are always good no matter what flavor you get. Also try the snickers chimichanga. Its amazing. The problem I have with Pedro's is their waitresses. The last two times our waitress didn't seem interested in us at all. One time she forgot one of our drinks and it was almost 10 minutes before we got it. "La Bamba where the burritos are as big as your head.  I suppose this would be true if I had Beetlejuice's head after he gets it shrunken by the voodoo guy.  They aren't as big as your head U_m1zmeKhRkqOLxHFBXdEg Don't go out of your way to get there because they probably won't be open. They were closed early the last two times I went there. I don't recommend this place for ""authentic"" Mexican food because if this place is truly authentic then authentic Mexican food must taste like trash. I would much rather get my authentic Mexican food at Fiesta Ranchero in McMinnville  chewy tortilla! Oh and I just tried the chips and salsa today and I love it! The salsa reminds me of the good stuff at Laredos or Casa del Sol. I have no idea why there's never a line at the drive thru. Which is why I'm yelping!" Food didn't look fresh and was pretty flavorless.  My plate was sloppily put together.  The refried beans look like they have an artificial light purple color to them. Service was slow and unprofessional.  The place needs a good cleaning and update. Very kid friendly and very speedy!  Really good food." Do they still have the antler chandeliers?"  it is still Mexican food).  The salsa is fresh-tasting and not too spicy.  The chips are warm and salty and the margaritas are just right.  The waiters are friendly A poor substitute for Tex-Mex food. Uninspired and bland food choices. Seems to be typical for Champaign-Urbana :(  and the like or try something more exotic.  The Milaneza (sp?) is a particular favorite.  The Burrito Loco is a challenge.  The salsa is excellent.  My family loves this place.  Whether it's going there for dinner or getting take out Wife has been going since her college days in the 90's and to date she has not had a bad experience (maybe the only eating establishment that holds that distinction).  Had the lunch fajita's which I thought were mehhh. . but wife loved.  I am a fan of the burritos which I look forward to having the next time we are back in the area." Oh yeah...and for some bizarre reason there are bottles on ketchup on each table...no hot sauce or anything...just ketchup...at a Mexican restaurant...am I missing something?" My boyfriend is convinced that their beef is not actually beef.  He thinks it must be cat food or something.  My non-meat food was perfectly tasty We were there on a Tuesday night in early August so I wasn't at all surprised that they were pretty slow.  So obviously Really good authentic Mexican food.  Try out the Pepper appetizer to see how much of a man you are.  It puts hair on your chest.  Great overall. I'd give it a zero if I could. This place is weak as fuck. Mexican food? Please. I'd rather go to Taco Bell. There's a taco truck down the road that you're better off spending your money on.  big helpings and really fast service"  and I will not be returning to give them a second chance  which really highlights the fact that the food was almost certainly not cooked so much as reheated.  I would urge them to go INTO fast food if that's what they want to serve "The service is some of the best in B/N food was great (I got the burrito loco) and a good place to watch a sports game They moved their business into a doomed location.  Nothing seems to stay there for long.  This is one place that really needs to go away!  It was awful!!"  and I wasn't sure if I would be charged extra for more tortillas.  Ended up bringing the remaining filling home as leftovers and used my own tortillas so it worked out.  Food was served piping hot--no complaints there--I just felt like there was a complete lack of flavor.  Pretty disappointing The grocery has staples like plain old salt mixed in with Mexican imports. The produce sections has avocados for all your guacamole-making needs. There are also lots of Mexican sauces "I like this store because they sell some mexican groceries and also have mexican food ready-to-order. The staff was helpful. I give this store an A for effort  one I'll be visiting quite often."  good solid taqueria food that isn't culinary brilliance but is most definitely authentic and delicious.  the milanese torta was awesome - it was perfect proportioned and neatly put together which is a must when it comes any type of sandwich for me.  the tamales are smallish but yummy.  i was also very very excited to see la lechera (the best way to top berries BOYCOTT CHIPOTLE AND QDOBA!  Go to El Charro and eat real Mexican food."  Amigos and all the other places on campus.  Make sure you wash it down with a Jarrito...preferably Tamarind.  Trust these west coast people I miss this place so much; one of the few things about school I miss." But the food wasn't the only impressive part about this establishment. When my friends and I went Bottom line- the food isn't anything remarkable and the lack of cleanliness is disconcerting."  and I can't wait to try them. I'll post a review about them when I try them."  or maybe some will be available right then. Steam them up for a couple of hours and you will be very happy."  and he's kinda super hot as well.  He'll help you figure out something to try if you are unsure."  they are great. I have been frequenting this place since I my first visit to this area 2 years ago and will continue to go there as long as I am here in Illinois :D" "Perfectly TRADITIONAL Mexican. Tacos w cilantro It looks like everyone else has said it better  and etc. The price isn't too bad at the grocery store at all. The avocado seems fresher than the ones you would buy at the big chain grocery stores. If you want a recommendation on something from the grocery store  but i would give 3 stars for the wait.  I called in advance to carry out and I still had to wait 15 min just to pay."  but it was still nasty...and there weren't any belts to secure it to the chair or any belts for him!  Then our food came...it was this reddish-orangey mess....definitely not what i was craving.  The owner said he made it ""just a little bit spicy"" and that i should taste it first....well  but that's not what you go here for. Great tamales This little taqueria reminds me of the ones back in chicago. A hole in the wall but the food definitely makes up for it. I recommend the lengua with their homemade hot sauce. I've kept for a secret long enough. I always get the tacos with a jarrito. My only gripe about the place was the overall dirty feel of where people eat.  I gave it a 3/5 because the tables are dirty They have some competition now with Maize open just down the street  the guy behind the counter started a friendly conversation about different kinds of tamales.  Awesome!"  the containers are then replaced for the next customer & I don't think they're ever sterilized.  I noticed that my container felt oily.  There's a great deal of finger licking with this sort of food & this an excellent way to spread bacteria.  Shame 'cus I liked the place.  I hope he reads this & rectifies the problem." The best carne asada around these parts!! Steak milanesa sandwich is so good! The menudo is like grandmas. The taco and burritos are really good too!! Purchase beef chorizo from there alos... and GOOD! No issues with this little place!! Great job!  very nice owner.  Proper tacos.  Best place in town for lengua tacos.  I'm a regular.  I like Maize  they resort to skimping out on food in tacos. The food is really good and based off of the taste of food I would recommend coming here but don't expect the three tables to be clean. I would also recommend coming here during the weekends because their specialty food is good. If you want a authentic food this is definitely the place to try." 1 dollar tacos on Wednesday"  overpriced tacos (yes they have $1 taco specials but those things are AS small as possible) I like El Charro a lot actually. They were understaffed when I went so it was messy but the customer service was still great and so were the tacos. Maize is a little better but the SALSA at El Charro is bomb. The tortilla chips are better here too. "I am a fan of their tacos and rice/beans. I came in here for a $5 special on Hooked for 2 tacos and rice/beans. The portion was adequate (I think they could have used a smaller plate. The large plate with the portion given made it look very small!). The tacos I got were carnitas and steak. The carnitas had a slight sweetness that I didn't expect but I really enjoyed. It was delicious and flavorful! The steak was likewise very delicious. It was topped with cilantro and onion  salsa and flavor of meats. The bad: portions and service. The service took so long and the portions felt a bit of a rip off. I was given a few spoonfuls (maybe 2 or 3)  of the rice for $1.50. Rice is not that expensive and I started to think of Maize and how I should have bought rice there! They give you a more generous portion. When I brought this to the attention of waitress she just mentioned that's how it is. She was nice but wasn't too helpful with questions. Service was a bit slow and waters did not get refilled. I don't think I'll be heading back here. Last time flavor was good but I'm toggling between the service and other options in area. I'll just go to the other options." 4. Ambiance/music - an ant was crawling on me while eating. Mexican music can get loud." It's a small grocery store & eatery. The tacos always hit the spot. Pozole (pork & hominy soup) on the weekends is a special treat. I like mine with plenty of lime & cilantro. Horchatas are huge & there are refills. The storefront & the interior are small and not necessarily clean looking. But the food is fantastic & Alejandro is super nice. There are a few tables/chairs if you want to eat in. The tv is usually on quite loud. I've come here many times with friends & had many fond memories over shared meals. Great food and authentic ambiance. Felt like we were in Mexico. Scrambled eggs with chorizo was the bomb!  the waitress was rude and had a very negative attitude. Not a good experience. Spend the extra few dollars and go to Maize." Slowest service I've ever had. Not crowded (total of 3 tables--1 with only 1 person) but still took over 30 minutes to get our lunch delivered. Waitress also did not know anything about menu items.  similar to Burrito King down the street. I don't think half as good as Chipotle or even Maize "VERY underrated place! Just driving by or walking past it looks like kinda dumpy or not so inviting if you will. Saw a deal on hooked for 95 cent tacos so I thought I'd give it a shot. Got 2 chicken tacos.... AMAZING! The chips and salsa that was brought out was also phenomenal! Sure  I thought. I had a margarita and a Mexican shrimp cocktail. The Margarita was so disgusting I had to add eight packets of sugar just to make it palatable. When the shrimp cocktail arrived I noticed the sauce had a sour/bitter taste that it's not supposed to have... It seemed almost fermented like it was expired. The shrimp had a funny skin on it that I've never seen on shrimp before. May have been the result of freezer burn but it also tasted funny. Against my better judgment I ate my shrimp cocktail ... but my worst fears were confirmed later in the evening when I developed food poisoning! Avoid!!" The cook and waiters are nice. The prices are good. Every time I eat here I order carne asada tacos & chips and salsa. They're understaffed though. "I recently found this place and have been back multiple times. Specifically on Wednesday when they have their dollar tacos special. The beef Delicious. In town for a day. Had carnitas tacos.  More than worth it. Wow. Salsa also great and friendly staff.  and I like them Margaritas man!  Huevos rancheros is another favorite of mine.  The vegetarian food there is truly so  some of the worse rice & beans I've ever had....skip those. And the sour cream comes in the little packages like you would get at Wendy's or something....The complimentary chips and salsa were great  right down to the extra sour cream (no longer in those little paper wedges) and Island Margaritas.  Oh  surprisingly good and quite better than most Mexican food I had while I was in NYC. It's also very reasonably priced  wondrous service.  I was delighted." Needless to say we will not be visiting the Fiesta Cafe again  because the service was good and they carried tamarind Jarritos. Tamarindo! The food was edible  one spicy and one mild. All the meat I've had there has been top quality and the beef isn't stringy like at so many other places. Also the margarita menu is intense  even compared to Dos Reales or a similar American Mexican place.  Most of the meat dishes I've had  the food though wasn't that great. I guess I might just have really high expectations for mexican food because I love it. I ordered their 'Mexican Combo Dinner' and got a beef tamale  and I love that they have such a good variety of dishes available without meat. I particularly love the chimichangas. I also am not a fan of refried beans They've got a wide selection of tequilas to fit you budget or tastes  goopy voice because you're actually so full of food your body is storing it in your chest and throat.  I secretly think that the staff likes the spectacle of gluttony  there are choices. Ordered a beef taco and had 4 choices of beef from ground to a chipotle marinade. On a nice night  their margaritas are great (get the don julio blanco and you won't be disappointed) My favorite dish is Tacos Mexicanos with chicken and a side of rice with white cheese sauce...mhmmm Good place to go if you're just looking for 'ritas and chips."  this is one of the Mexican restaurants that tends to offer coupons via the mail. When I dined on a Monday night  a tomato and a tortilla -- it is easy to be great.  If you start there and possible add cumin then there is nothing you can do wrong.  I'd be happy to assist FC if they would like to develop this concept.  Until then  and spontaneous. The menu is akin to a university neighborhood- very casual and slightly experimental without alot of fuss. Four stars is for the the overall vibe- Enjoy it for what it is!!"  very mediocre food.  Ordered a carnitas burrito with beans and rice." That is it.  Good for a nostalgic trip when visiting the family.  Though nothing to go out of your way for." "This place reminded me of Burrito King. Tried the Fish Filet Dinner with rice/pinto beans. It was great _dOcOVjrFcIKbMWX1VTdBA "I read a few reviews about this place before I went.  Unfortunately I should have followed the negative reviews. The Flank steak was just strips of greasy meat they probably put in the tacos.  The rice was drenched in grease.  It even smelled bad as the waiter put it in front of me.  I actually gasped.  Let me tell you I LOVE  and letting us know things we didn't even think to ask. Food beats the hell out of the other Mexican places in town."  get over it. The staff is super as well. They are pretty  great." Not very impressive when the host hands you the menus and tells you your booth is in the back???  Margarita good:). Fish tacos and chips not stellar;(. Would not return:(  there are almost certainly better places you could go. I ordered the chiles rellenos and was pretty disappointed. Ingredients seemed low-quality and overall preparation was subpar. Everything was drowned in a red sauce that tasted canned. I have made this dish better at home. The place also isn't kept up very well "This place is great. Gay night every Wednesday in the back room with Amy. Her margaritas are ON POINT and her attitude is perfect. She's fun to work with and always has a smile on her face. I love trying new things here (which is rare for me). Great atmosphere  but it seems the food isn't as good as it used to be. My beef burrito was mostly beans and almost  no beef. We were given menus outside and told to find our own seats inside - not the best for customer service - although our waiter was excellent. $2 Pacifico beer was a plus." Love the cimichanga with a huge strawberry margarita at Fiesta! Fun place to eat out and the chips and salsa are good as well. "Chips and salsa - Bad had to sprinkle salt on em for flavor! The food  and we were still received very well by the staff. Our server was so knowledgeable about the menu and told us about their specialties and informed us about the vegetarian options. She was very nice and patient to all of us  and my rice was severely undercooked. They used yellow cheese on my tacos. Much better choices for Mexican food in Champaign." Amy is the best! Ask for her section to get the full fiesta experience and then order yourself some Alex Toco's!  the chips and salsa are some of my favorite from any Mexican spot I've been to. Specials are usually a good deal Always run into people I know at this great place.  Been going here since they first opened more than 25 years ago.  It's a very friendly place with great food and awesome margaritas! Also Amy is the best waitress!"  and second of all this is not the place for you. But if you dig tequila and (HUGE) quesadillas then boy are you in for a treat. Will be back again and again and again." Free chips and salsa for dine in." There is a nice patio area for those days or nights when we actually have nice weather.  Amy is the greatest server I love coming here. There's a lot of margaritas to choose from and the staff is always friendly. The food and the drinks are great! They also have a long margarita menu (ranges between $5.5 to $12+). Would love to try their margaritas in my next visit."  I DEFINITELY choose Qdoba over Chipotle.  Eww Chipotle.  Gross Chipotle.  I won't even go for the free burrito day at Chipotle.  But anyway  I would choose the former. Both places have ample seating area but when it comes to the taste  but if you choose Qdoba over Chipotle  you're better off walking that extra block and getting one at Chipotle."  sometimes their burritos are made very sloppily and they leave their nachos out too long and they get stale. If a burrito tears the really should re-wrap it instead of giving it to a customer and no one likes stale nachos. But the killing blow came when they got rid of the Mol burrito. It really set them apart from the competition and their mol sauce was amazingly tasty. Even the more ""authentic"" local restaurants in the area have not made a mol that tasted as good. They replaced it with a rather disgusting BBQ burrito that pales in comparison. Without the mol burrito there really is no reason to choose Qdoba over Chipotle unless you're looking for nachos in particular. Worse yet they keep very inconsistent hours when students are away. I made a trip to campus town especially to try them again and they were closed... so I went to Chipotle instead."  and the salsa doesn't help in either category. Not worth the price. Also the lines at lunchtime can be ridiculous  this location isn't exactly my favorite. It's more expensive than Taco Bell and similar price to Chipotle. In other locations around the state Maybe what distinguishes Qdoba are the burritos with their special combos  but the downsides outweigh the good.  It's worth waiting in line at Chipotle."  fall afternoon as a freshman at the University of Illinois. My order was simple - all I wanted was burrito The Chicken Chimi was absolutely amazing.  Some of the most flavorful chicken pieces with lots of red & green pepper and onions.  I also tried their Pechuga Asado which was really good.  3 lunch meals the food is good... i like the shredded beef tacos and the burros are typical south side... HUGE with alot of good stuff in them... while this is not my favorite place in the area... it is still pretty good and is pretty authintic..." "My conclusion after dining here for the first time is that hubby and I  have had all of these menu items before- and done better at other restaurants. The chips  I had the machaca beef chimichaunga enchilada style.  The serving was enough to feed me for two meals and I only added a little bit of salt  but in Mexican restaurants I think that is a badge of honor. Folks of my pale pigment may pass on this place because it's location is rather industrial and low rent. That's fine by me "The food at the comedor is the closest in the valley I've had to my favorite taqueria in San Cristobal The Ugly: Nothing at all was ugly about the place. The staff and patrons were all very friendly. The bathroom was clean. The place felt safe outside even after dark (they have a security guard posted at the door)."  so mexican food. My husband loves it- I think it's a bit greasy. La Canasta on 7th St is way  try one of their soups. They are scarrier than shit if you are a white girl that grew up on meat and potatoes  even at your ripe old age.  R.I.L.F:  Restaraunt I'd Like t....nevermind."  she apologized and admitted she would probably never go there again either." I would definitley go again if I'm in the neighborhood."  I almost always order the Tripas de Leche......nothing better!!!!!   I have never seen them on a menu anywhere else.!  Gotta try them!" "Making the rounds on all the wonderful mexican food places the south side has to offer I found myself here. I can't believe how many times I have drove by this place and never stopped in. The dining room is humongous This is one of my favorite lunch spots. I have gone here regularly for a couple years and always order from the specials. Try the shrimp enchiladas or the fried red snapper. They are great!  Some of my friends drive all the way across the valley to eat here. The staff is very polite and service is prompt and reliable." I'll be heading back very soon to try the Nopalito dish and the Pescado Entero Tilapia; Pan Freed ""whole"" Tilapia. Can't wait!"  this place has the BEST Mexican breakfast on the weekend since the old Matador closed on 1st St.  I always go for their chilaquiles.  A generous serving of homemade red sauce over corn tortilla chips and topped with two over easy eggs Check this places out! The horchata is made fresh and is delish!"  let them get the door for you and take comfort in a delicious meal served by friendly staff who will greet you in Spanish but just as easily will answer you in English."  run of the mill ""mexican food"""  if you've not tried one. Tequila  and i was disappointed. not sure why ... maybe it is because they don't use all white meat chicken. or maybe it was an off day. or maybe i just don't like their chicken. i don't know. but now i stick with beef or cheese based items and everything i get is super delish. love the beans! they do 'em right. margaritas are freshly made and full of alcohol The ""right crowd"" was in the restaurant and knew the food had to be good and we weren't wrong.  Sure it's not in the best part of town I have been hearing about this place for over two years now from my coworker.  He had been bragging about it being the best authentic Mexican food here in Phoenix.  So finally today for lunch I decided I need to go try this place out.  I was very glad I finally went.  I had the lunch special of a stuffed poblano and shrimp enchilada.  While waiting on my food I was greated with chips and a yummy spicy salsa and a soup with veggies and beef.  Both were very good and I was then worrying that I wouldn't have room to finish my meal.  Before I could decide to put away the chips the food arrived.  I was surprised how fast they cooked my meal and once I tasted it I was amazed with the great flavor of the sauces.  The enchilada had a very good tasting green sauce and the chile was smothered in a spicy red sauce with onions.  The rice and beans on the side were good but after finishing the main course I had just a bite of each to see what they tasted like.  I will have to head back again for dinner as the menu was full of wonderful items I wanted to try.  many apparently regulars.  I was nonetheless given a decent table normally seating four after the promised 10-15 minute wait and no sense of being rushed or treated differently by any of the staff.  Next time I'm in Phoenix I will be eager to come back (bringing family and/or friends) and have the same thing again and/or explore the rest of the menu." This is a great place to eat authentic Mexican food! Your server always bring out chips and salsa first thing while you look over the menu (salsa is spicy and really good).  The dinner combos are very reasonable and you get a good portion size.  My boyfriend and I usually go once a week to eat here.  it made me try to slap my mama. The red sauce with the chips is actually brewed in the sixth level of hell. Awesome. Fridays feature $1.99 margaritas before 7 p.m. Swing by  though there are a lot of people there. It can be a little scary looking from the outside since it is right off the freeway in a fairly scarce neighborhood. There is also a security guard in the parking lot to add some mystique. However  you have to try the Machaca Chiliquilies......unforgettable!" "I came here for breakfast a couple times and I like it :). The salsa that comes with their chips is spicy :). Finally a place with a salsa that is spicy enough !!!  There is another good Mexican place nearby called Caroline but that's mostly a take out place that u want to order and pick up.  This place is more of a sit down restaurant with great service and good food.  It's only drawback is it's pretty obscure and in a bad part of town It is clean and I always know what we are getting." For my meal I ordered the cheese enchilada lunch special.  The enchiladas were ok.  The sauce was very good.  The rice was ok."  this restaurant serves good Mexican food This place is the where you should take someone from out of town that wants the best mexican food." zssolmdLpaX1tpRRMDWYwg If you have not been and you like good Mexican food; you must try it." The price is excellent for the food you get.  A real value!"  very long wait at lunchtime. I had the opportunity to treat some friends who were visiting from the northeast and wanted good Mexican food. Friday lunchtime may not have been the best time to do this because of the long wait oh yeah....  the chips they bring out when you arrive come with tiny bowls of salsa that you can barely dip your chips in because of how small and shallow the bowls are." Three of us split a mixed grill plate. Had enough for four as opposed to three. We opted for carne asada  but the portions and taste make this place worth driving a little off the beaten path. Lunch is always busy but once you are seated the wait is never long. I always suggest this place as a lunch spot for lunch meetings! Go now And keep in mind that ""authentic"" doesn't always mean ""good""."  and it was their first time here. my mother in law said she wanted Mexican food and since Ponchos is not the same anymore this is the best place in town. everything that we ordered from the shredded beef tacos to the seafood soup were great. i had a green Chile chimichanga Truly enjoyed thier food here.  Went with another family and got Parrillada De Tres Carnes.  I highly recommend- its now my favorite Mexican Restaurant in AZ. Overall the prices seemed high for the location Had the 3 carne-asada street style tacos plate with rice and beans. Very generous portions and could not even finish my food. Meat was tender and hot off the grill. Added guac  Oysters and with the right person... perfect." I have been waiting to find a Mexican restaurant that I can officially dub as the best I've had.  I am confident I can dub thee  quick service and solid Mexican fare." the did have the best salsa versa I ever had  Arriba etc but I have been looking for a good/authentic sit down Mexican food restaurant for a while. After I saw that this place had a 4 star rating and a name in Spanish I decided to give it a try. I was pretty excited to see actual Mexicans eating there! When the chips and salsa arrived my excitement died a bit but I try not to judge on chips and salsa alone. We ordered a plain cheese crisp as an appetizer and it was actually pretty good; it was crispy and not too oily. The main dishes arrived and they were a major disappointment! The tacos were oily and bland. The beans and rice were not much better. Overall this is typical Americanized Mexican food; overly fried  I had the shrimp ench. with Chz Relleno.  Excellent" I enjoyed my meal it was so good... I will be back for sure soon for some great food everyone was so nice my second beer ended up on the table talking with your hands can be a problem...The staff laughed and helped me clean it up now that's team work." Great hot sauce and the best tacos I have ever had in the 10 years I have lived here. Love the family style seafood dinner as well. Great and friendly service as well!"  fantastic huge food and reasonable cold beer and margs...we all agreed we would have never thought (or had been in the hood) to stop here without an intro  and fair prices! Our server was Francisco. Food was brought out in a timely manner. :-) I ordered the 2 shredded beef tacos with rice and beans. Yummm!" Pretty authentic coastal Mexican food and good price. Parking situation is scetchy to say the least. Definitely stop by if you're in the area." I can't wait to go back for breakfast and try the Huevos Rancheros.  Yum!" Pacifico on tap! This place is great! They keep it real and the food is great! Kinda old inside but worth going there to eat for sure. If you want fatty americanized Mexican food "Anyone that calls what they serve here chilaquiles has never had a decent plate of chilaquiles in their life.  I was really disappointed to say the least when I was served a plate of soaked tortilla chips in a pasty The staff is mostly Spanish speaking (fine with me) and so are the patrons of the restaurant.  You'll pay a nominal price "I've lived in AZ for almost 20 years and this place is one of my favorite Mexican joints. Huge parking lot and the restaurant seems to get bigger every time we go. Yummy salsa & chips. Cheap margaritas. Delicious food. Machaca is amazing "Comedor Guadalajara es muy delicioso!  Me encanta enchiladas!  Their enchiladas were good.  I got plain red cheese  beef was tender and juicy. Great salsa and chips. The lack of great Mexican food in Phoenix is reflected in peoples reviews. Not a four star and no way a five star mexican joint. Growing up in Santa Barbara a place like Comedor is the norm. Would go again if in the area." "This place is as good as it gets for Mexican food in Arizona! I love the traditional feel of the restaurant (although not in the best neighborhood but not to worry they always have security on site to watch your cars while you eat lol) The food here is amazing BESmH-lmMm34_EefL8X9fQ Guards in the parking lot give you a feeling of being back in Mexico (and your car is safe) (4) Margaritas: great mix not too sweet and just a hint of tequila to know it's in there"  and the prices aren't bad as well! The location is a little scary (downtown Phoenix) but don't let that deter you from an awesome Mexican food experience!!!" This place is a warm and fuzzy for me. Love it." I know this is treasonous but I wasn't all that impressed.  I had the chicken enchiladas with green sauce.  The food was very average in my opinion although the service was very friendly and quick. Not the best part of town but they do have security in the parking lot.  Food is pretty decent Mexican food.  Chips and salsa suck but the desserts like the flan are to die for.  The place is huge inside. Service is generally pretty good. I would recommend.  will be going back many times"  and we all enjoyed it. The food is prepared fresh and tastes great. Not exactly sure why it's not five star. There was just something... off. Perhaps the ambiance?  It's definitely worth visiting though "Really good Mexican restaurant. Watch portions: they are huge. I had machaca con huevos and it was delicious. They have great freshly squeezed orange juice. Watch for dirty Old Mexicans grabbing waitresses asses. If you stalk it out patiently it will happen. Also  this is the best Mex breakfast I have had in years and I am Latino....it made me want to SLAP MY MOMMA! Nice atmosphere I will definitely be back again. the only downsides to this place that I've seen so far are: long wait if you go at lunch rush BESmH-lmMm34_EefL8X9fQ  the food is great. The service isn't bad; not AMAZING  the meatball soup and the enchiladas. I'm a sucker for fluffy flavorful yet simple rice and I couldn't get enough of their rice!" Amazing place with good good.  Great prices with food too match.  I really enjoyed the place and atmosphere.  The noise level is high so be prepared to enjoy the festivities. I hope to have many return visits here. My new favorite Mexican place hands down." Even though its not the best Mexican food I've had we still had a really good time. It's a pretty nice looking restaurant  and it was the perfect way to end a great meal. Love churros!!! Warm pastry stick covered in cinnamon and sugar. Oh yea I went home a happy girl for sure!"  the machaca and the chiliquilas plate is fabulous. Love their rice and their enchilada sauce. They have done a great job unifying the decor recently. The service is fast and always consistent. Oh "By far the best Mexican food in Phoenix! Wonderful service  the service was awesome and we were in and out quickly. They do not mess around here and I was thoroughly impressed. The food was close to the Tex Mex that I crave from home and the value for the money is solid. The chili rellanos was killer. Will be back regularly!" This place is the best for legit Mexican breakfast.  Machaca and Chilaquilles is very good and so is the enchiladas and napolitos.  I have only been for breakfast but can imagine the other food is amazing as well.  that's all it takes.  It is rumored that I am the only person to have touched more cookies than a Keebler Elf. That might be true. The claims that Comedor Guadalajara has the best enchiladas in Phoenix. Well My family and I will always be loyal customers of Comedor Guadalajara!" travel 180 miles just to get them no one else compares yet..."  fresh and filling. You want to clean your plate! Prices are more than fair and reasonable for what you get! Charming Mexico Decor throughout without being gawdy or cheesy. Nice enough to impress a date before a concert or show Downtown. Absolutely my favorite place to dine in South Phoenix."  taco and tostada combo.  It was very reasonably priced.  The rice and taco were very good.  The beans and enchilada were so-so.  I will return as some of the neighboring tables had some unique dishes that looked pretty good." The food wasn't good either.  The beans and the rice were just not good.  I ordered the flauntas and it was way too greasy."  it tasted like it had pot roast drippings - it was the best red sauce I've ever had. For appetizers we had the cheese crisp and guacamole. The guacamole was very good with chunks of avacado and a light hand used with the seasoning. The place is huge and the staff are very friendly. This is now my go to Mexican food restaurant."  authentic mexican food. And I wish I was still in AZ cuz writing this review has made me hungry for it!"  no breakfast after 11. Staff is nice  the only thing good was the spicy salsa. I got the chicken tacos and they were hella greasy with half-melted cheese." We showed up with a party of 30+ and they accommodated us fairly quickly considering. The service was great! The food was served fairly quickly as well. I ordered the ceviche and it was delicious!! I don't find myself in Phoenix often but I will definitely eat there again if I do. The food is delish! But beware the salsa is hot hot hot just like the plates! Service was really good too! Prices seemed right on as well. I know we will be going back as it is a favorite foodery with the hubbies family! If you want really well done Mexican food don't waste your money anywhere else. Just come here. The wait staff is excellent and attentive." Great food. Fantastic staff. Coldest cheladas in town. I mean largest and tastiest and coldest cheladas. The food is delicious. That is the only reason for going out to eat at this place. The best parilla here in Az. Only based off the Menudo on a Sunday afternoon. The tripe and hominy needed to be cooked longer. "Good place for a quick lunch.  Daily lunch specials are pretty good.  Fast This place has the best Mexican food ever! Authentic is an understatement. The alphabet soup they give you at the beginning is delicious. Prices are very reasonable so you won't be disappointed This place is so close to the airport that if you have a significant layover you could pull an Anthony Bourdain and catch a cab to Comedor Guadalajara. The food is sensational!  The green chile is flavorful and thick.  We had the specials of camarn with nopalitos in chile rojo served in a molcajete  as well as fajitas de carne asada and tripe. My Finance got the green chile shredded beef chimi smothered in green chile sauce enchilada style. She did this on a yelp recommendation. Comedor Guadalajara is the best Mexican food I've had in quite some time. "Tasting the chicken enchiladas and Enchiladas de Camaron (green chile & tomatillo shrimp enchiladas) made us ask "Went for lunch at the suggestion of a coworker. My tip... go early! I felt sorry for the crowds of people waiting at 12:15 for a table. This place is pretty packed SRKeJ13zoY-zxO51DS9WHg The food is fantastic! Fresh and so flavorful.  I love the communal seating and openness inside.  Chips and salsa were great.  My enchilada plate was creamy and flavorful! I tried my first chulata here!  the manager ALWAYS makes sure your needs were satisfied. I always order the chicken nachos with horchata. Never had a problem with the food."  is frequented by lots of Latinos and the half hour wait for a table for two t lunchtime. The guacamole had no flavor and the main dishes were very average. Nice ambience though."  go a little further north to Via Delosantos for even better food and drinks!" But really everything is good here." Our server was prompt with our orders and answered all of our questions.  This food is great!"  authentic Mexican food flare. If I was invited to go back and somebody was paying for me Don't understand what restaurant the other reviewers went to." I've been going here since I was a child. It's my parents' go to place for taking visiting family out for dinner. I've seen it go through remodeling and expanding to what it is now. The prices have gone up considerably but the food is as good as ever. Delicious! None of that canned beans shit. Reasonable food and prices. Definetely coming back. Happy customer." Great service and everything was authentic!" I go as often as I can and you should too"  i have shared this story with 50 plus people and I am sure they have shared it with some more.  I have left my credit card at several restaurants over the years and have always been confident in the honesty of a business and next day retrieved it and not had someone go shopping in my absence.  Visit this restaurant at your own peril and if you have to pay cash!!" I strongly recommend it." "Every time I come here I am always pleased. I usually either have the cheese enchilada plate or the shredded beef tacos. The food is great and the servers are always cordial and attentive. By far Great Mexican food! Ones of the best in town. First come first serve basis. No reservations but the wait is worth it! No matter how you like you're Mexican food they do it well! So good for dinner! Great friendly service and most are bi lingual! I haven't had any trouble with heavy accents or hard understandings! Comedor Guadalajara is the Real Deal!!!" Give it a shot. There's a reason why this restaurant has been successful for so long."  nothing to complain about. I would go back again!"  including the wonderful waiter Ruben who was willing to work with my vegetarian preferences.   My husband (not a veggie) reports that the fish he ate was unbelievable.   And a half dozen mexican beers on draft.  So good!     I can't wait to go back!"  if not the best Mexican food restaurants in AZ. South Phoenix hidden gem. Blows ponchos out of the water. Definitely coming back." WOOOOW amazing place for dinner!! this place is really good! amazing staff. "I was staying the night in Phoenix and being from New Jersey wanted to have some good southwestern Mexican food.  The desk clerk in our hotel recommended this place and I was not disappointed.  We ordered the shrimp ceviche Large platters served so bring your appetite but the flavors are truly authentic and expertly cooked. Service was excellent. Try the7 Mares soup Best Mexican food ever! The beans are amazing - just like Nana's! I love the potato and beef tacos as well as the shrimp cocktail. I used to be a Poncho's on Central die hard but this place has a bigger menu selection and it's sooo good! If you want inexpensive authenticate Mexican food then this is your place! Love the cups of sopa they give you during lunch as a free appetizer along with the chips and salsa. Closed on Monday's so keep that in mind. Enjoy! "Best Mexican food in Phoenix hands down! This place is one of my weekly lunch go to's. They have great lunch combination specials and every person gets soup to start. The hot sauce is hot hot hot I've not been to Mexico but I would bet this is real deal Mexican cuisine." This place deserves more than 5 stars. This is how homemade Mexican food is suppose to taste like. My mom told me about this place and ever since then we go there every time there's a special occasion. We would go every weekend if this place was a lil closer than home. I always order their shredded beef enchilada plate that includes bean and rice. Absolutely amazing. The sauce was the perfect hint of spicy to it. The meat was fresh as well. Bean and rice is my favorite. Also! This place has a great price for how much food you get. It's delicious and I will recommend anyone there for Mexican food. Love it! Have been coming here since I was a baby and the food is just as good if not better. I have my own family now and we will continue to come here and hopefully as my family grows they will also love this restaurant!!! Love this place!!! People are nice and friendly food is absolutely amazing and authentic!  I been going there since I was a child and they only get better with time.My favorite is carne asada and grilled chicken on there fire skillet  I didn't realize how big it was. You could have a large group for a party. The parking is actually pretty genius since it's off the freeway it gets congested do to avoid that when you leave  great and plenty. My favorite is the Campechana and their Parrilladas. The drinks are good to especially the mango margarita."  and definitely an excellent value for the portion sizes offered. ENJOY!"  I come here just for the tripas but everything is delicious and the salsa is hot! it gets packed so be prepared to wait on the weekends..."  both times the service was excellent.  Last night I had the chicken green chile enchiladas which were filled with tender and tasty chicken. The beans are the best I have had anywhere. And the rice was as close to being perfect as you can get." "My family and I found this place when we were looking for an authentic place to take a friend from out of town. Boy did we hit the jackpot! I lived in Tucson for 7 years and I have always struggled to find a good Mexican restaurant in the valley. Everything from the salsa  thank goodness! Next time I'm going to ask for a shredded beef taco. And I hear the Quesadillas are excellent so there will be a next time! I also had an Arnold Palmer and it was one of the best I've had!"  and rice. Packed for lunch so plan ahead. Consistently good."  but They been open for years now you think they would have a better system on there wait times. Food is amazing best Micheladas in town." BESmH-lmMm34_EefL8X9fQ  went here with a buddy of mine.  He's a local and kept telling me how good it was.  And "This place was overall delicious I ordered 3 carne asada tacos with rice and beans. I was more than content with my meal choice. My date ordered a small bowl of albondigas with a side of green Chile chicken enchiladas she was pleased as well with the food. One negative This is the best Mexican food place in phx!  Delicious food...great prices. ..great happy hour til 6pm...a must try and always return!  the food was just amazing. The portions were huge...enough for more than 2 meals. It's always packed when we drive by  I felt needed more complexity and adding in some Hatch or Anaheim long green would have made the sauce better.  Other than that  salt and squeeze lime from our water and still it sucked and was placed on top of a bed of shredded lettuce. The chips were so thin they broke every-time we tried to pick up the crappy guacamole. The cafeteria type setting was also sub-par. I will never go again!" "This is always a great place to run into friends and to eat with family.  Of course. I start with a cheese crisp 2 words...  GREASY MESS!!!  If this is authentic then my mom had it all wrong but my mom knew how to make enchiladas and beans without a quart of grease. We won't go back.  so that was a good sign.  We were warmly greeted and immediately seated.  Beware...the salsa is homemade and seriously spicy - very tasty Best place I have been ! Me and my hubby have been going there for the last 10 years and we love it . I always order the chile relleno with taco Dinner . My hubby gets shrimp enchiladas green and they are so good also . I love it I can really say it one of the best Mexican restaurants in phoenix The food and service is amazing great authentic mechladas. The red chile is amazing and so is the chips and salsa. Beware salsa is so good yet so hot. Its painfully good. Yum yum yum  service was top notch.  The food was very good for Phoenix Mexican cuisine.  I can't say it's the best in town cause it's a give or take thing.  In the end Every time I say oh let's give it a try and I regret it I've tried enchiladas burritos tacos crane asada this is no where near the real thing   great atmosphere make this a great restaurant for lunch or dinner. Had the carne asada plate and it was great. The beef was grilled over a flame and it made the beef taste great. Soup was delicious and chips and salsa outstanding. A little pricey Food is nicely prepared. Service is offered with a smile. If in the neighborhood I would stop by.  Definitely better than average!   Green Chile and the Ground Beef and Potato tacos and on those special occasions when it is on the menu the Barbacoa is killer." Delicious Mexican food. I got the chicken chili enchiladas and highly recommend! Place can get packed for lunch so come early. Coming from California I was very pleasantly surprised to find a gem of a Mexican restaurant!!!! Chili verde con papas is delish and the garlic shrimp plate yummy!!!!!! Will come again while visiting Phoenix I always get consistent great food here. Very authentic mexican food a good selection for seafood.  and the portions were large."  and the service is always excellent.  I drive several miles across town to eat here frequently. Definitely. Worth the drive." I have been coming here for 10 years for good quality Mexican food and that is what I get all of the time.. The service is great and the chips and salsa spicy and amazing. Def going back for more when I am craving homemade Mexican food the way my nana makes it! "I liked the carne asada cheese crisp and ceviche a lot. I ordered the carne asada chimichanga enchilada style (meaning they put some sauce on top). I thought the sauce was good (Shrimp & Octopus in hot chipotle sauce) . All I can say is I will definitely come back to try more of their dishes. It was absolutely phenomenal!! I also saw another table with Micheladas   you can actually taste the mango flavoring. The dessert we had was the flan. I've eaten my share or flan and this is hands down the best flan I've even. It was different than any flan I've had at other restaurants. I will make sure I go out of my way to come here every time I visit. Don't like the outside fool you.  If you are coming from its back side  I realized that the place is quiet spacious.  And the atmosphere was quiet for the amount of people that were seated. The waitress was friendly.  She was prompt with our drink orders and the chips and salsa.  My friend and I shared a hearty pot of lengua. It was just right after a late night of dancing. The prices are very reasonable. Comedor is by far BESmH-lmMm34_EefL8X9fQ GO! Go now! Get that salsa and enjoy yourself! This place is awesome!" Place is big service is great been there twice love it very generous with the plates. Love the oysters could not get them lay visit but that was okay. Lil pricey but it's cool for date night or talking guest to a nice restaurant.  to drink I got horchata because everyone recommended it to and it was good not the best I've had but good. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 was because they made a really big deal about not splitting checks or letting us pay with more than 3 cards. I understand we were a large group but we asked before hand to split and they said yes then when it came time to pay they said no so it was annoying having to do the collection rounds and needing to get cash out. Other than that it was a good time and we would definitely go back again!"  I think I have found my go-to Mexican place for now. They deserve their reputation.. and they have been there forever The only thing that keeps this restaurant from getting 5 stars is the location and atmosphere. Service is good and food is great so if you don't mind those 2 things than definitely try this place if you haven't already. :)"  you want to wait. Over the years this place got more and more popular and has gone through alot of extensions and renovations but has always remained the same as far as the food goes. I remember they use to have live mariachis coming table to table asking if they would like a song. They were great as well Los Mexican friends. Mejor precio y mucho sabor y calidad en los platillos.visiten y no se arrepentiran."  so it wasn't like there was another Mexican restaurant five min. away like at home. Hubs had the carne asada tacos and I had the combo #8. The beef was outstanding! Good flavor and charred to perfection!!! Large portions! The rest of the meal (beans  the food is amazing and worth the wait. I will say this is this is one of the best Mexican food places in Phoenix. Certainly in my top five." "Amazing!! Top notch customer service and delicious authentic Mexican food. I love the fact that there salsa is actually SUPER HOT and not mild. They have good daily specials . I recommend the parrilladas Service Was bad but the the food was good.   Server never checked our table we would raise  our hand for drinks. Bad service.   we feel so stupid! This is the best place to go. Sure the wait times suck....but it is definitely worth it! Try try try....Oh Yea...they don't have tamales..  but they have everything else! #YummyBeans #DeliciousRice #BombDotCom"  bean tostada and beef taco. The sauce on the enchilada was fantastic as was the rest of the meal. The rice is super flavorful and the beans are delicious as well. I loved everything about this place for sure. Highly recommend and I will be back over and over." If you don't mind the uneasiness of the area Great food...the Burrito De Machaca is one of the best. I cant quite give it a 5 but the food certainly was." Love this place.. They always consistent and love how spicy their salsa is .. You can never go wrong with their chilaquiles plate for breakfast  wait staff.. Everything was great. Absolutely no complaints. First time here for my husband and he already wants to come back!"  even at the break of lunch time.  This place is more popular than a high school jock and cheerleader couple."  the friendly wait staff and quick/inexpensive bar service give it the extra half. I will return Food was very delicious and very very hot (the plates so be careful!) I had the red beef chimichanga with beans and rice and my husband had the chicken chimichanga enchilada style and he said it was very good.  Chilaquiles y Huevos Combo is amazing and should be a must have for breakfast." BESmH-lmMm34_EefL8X9fQ  tax and tip came to about $12.  The entire menu is pretty inexpensive (which likely explains the huge crowds here) and there's plenty of variety on the menu to choose from.  Next time I come here I'll probably give the seafood menu a try (though it'll probably remind me a lot of Mariscos Playa Hermosa).  So three stars for the food as it was good even though the cuisine didn't stand out too much from other similar valley establishments.  Four stars for the ambiance and atmosphere as the environment is super comfortable  the verde sauce was so good! Before I knew it the burrito was gone! It did come with a side of rice & beans as well.  Another great meal at Comedor Guadalajara "DO NOT GO HERE!!!  DISHONEST!!!!!  The food is good the customer service and honesty HORRIBLE!  We ordered a large order for my son's graduation party and was quoted $269. Perfect. We show up an hour before the party to get the food and the price is $429!!!  What?!!  ""Sorry ma'am do you want it or not?""  We were told we ""must have been misquoted by Maria who took the order.""  We had NO choice but to take it since guests were arriving in less than an hour. I called back SEVERAL times to rectify this mistake and was either told someone would call me back (it NEVER happened) or they would hang up on me! Yes hang up. I was told that's what we do when we get busy. We just hang up the phone because we can't answer it. Really?!!  I finally reached Terry Guadalajara is one of the most authentic Mexican restaurants in Phx. Portions large to share or take home; everything on the menu is delicious. You will not be disappointed.  The restaurant is spacious;  however on week-ends expect to wait inside or outside for a table.  especially if you are a red chile lover. Love the micheladas too. My only complaints would be the lengthy wait times to be sat on the weekends and the lack of a chunky salsa." This is my go-to authentic Mexican restaurant. The beans here are delicious! The machaca is awesome. I have not had anything bad here. The salsa that comes out is so flavorful and has a slow burn so be prepared. Love the family atmostphere :)" "We have been here about ten times for breakfast usually after hiking and still have not tried anything but the mixed machaca and chilaquilas and the steak and eggs. The one exception was a few weeks ago and I also had a small bowl of amazing posole but was unable to finish my machaca. The food is quite simply fresh  though. We both had been craving menudo and ordered some along with an entree. I ordered the small bowl which was considered large at many other restaurants  and each time is as good if not seemingly better than the last!" This restaurant has the BEST Micheladas in town  not the best Mexican food I've ever had but it is good. I like that they sit big parties towards the back cause it gets loud back there. Very friendly staff and prompt service. "My fav Mex food in the valley.  Chorizo bean dip and cubed beef red enchiladas are my go to.  The land and sea platter is also amazing.  Also  the land and sea platter is amazing.  The sope they serve with lunch service is completely addicting.  Hidden gem."  grilled onions and some mild jalapenos.  The parking has gotten so bad they make employees park off the property so some have quit after several break ins to their cars.  In the evenings they have security but only in the lot. They have supposedly bought the property to the North and applied to expand the building and add parking.  Talking to long time Hispanic residents I definitely will be back!" Great Authentic Mexican Food.  This restaurant is always spotless and they have the friendliest staff there .  the lot is always full" The prices seem reasonable and the staff was ok. We will be back." Over priced with too long of a wait for what is essentially generic Mexican- American food that lost it's authentic soul somewhere along the way "This place is pretty good.  I wouldn't pick it over Carolinas or the ponchos on central though. It's good authentic mexican "i absolutely loved this place! i love discovering new spots to go to with friends and this is definitely somewhere i'll be going again to in the near future. the food was incredible  delicious food!  My grandparents were very good friends with the owner since the ""Flautas Restaurant"" inception (now Comedor Guadalajara) - the evolution of this incredible family has been a joy to be a part of.  We are forever customers!!" One of my earliest memories is going here for dinner. Nearly 2 decades later and i still love it.This place has always been quality. I will admit i have my regular dish but when i do feel like trying somethimg new i am never disappointed. Salsa is some of the best in PHX. This is my favorite restaurant!!!! I love the authentic Mexican food like flautas. To be honest the Spanish rice could be babied more with more tomato sauce to make it more authentic though. You can't go wrong though for the price and quality. BESmH-lmMm34_EefL8X9fQ My favorite Mexican restaurant.  I been coming here since I can remember.  I do not think I dislike anything from the menu.   They also have great lunch specials.   Very casual and great rustic Mexican decor.   Family friendly or casual.  and the place was closed. I'm a huevos rancheros fan for breakfast. Other family members enjoy tacos and enchiladas. Ric speaks highly of the menudo."  second time there my first time I had the parillada and it was also really good! This place had the reviews and just adding one more if you love Mexican food you will love this place!" "What a pleasant surprise A true diamond in the rough for wholesome "Best Mexican food in Phoenix. Amazing Machaca Burrito and oysters. Chips and salsa are amazing. Just avoid the post church crowd on Sundays. Don't let the exterior and location scare you Every time I have gone there the service has been horrible. The only thing that kept me going back was that it is authentic Mexican food. But this last time the food was horrible and the service was the worst I've ever experienced. It was enough for me and my family to never go back This place is huge.  The service was good.  Happy Hour prices are good.  The food was just okay.  Salsa is spicy.  Enchilada and taco were nothing special.  My son enjoyed eating the shrimp cocktail.  Margarita was yummy and strong." Its a good place everything is good. Nothing is great or out of this world but its a good place to eat if u like mexican food  green Chile chicken enchiladas etc. Everything is really delicious." "I've been coming here since the 70's - Best Mexican food in the valley!  The lines are long at times    I did not appreciate that they refused to  split the ticket for us Awesome Mexican food. The Chilequillas and Chicharones are amazing! Very low key ambiance and this place can get packed. Wait list up to 30 minutes are very common. Pick your times carefully here. Worth the wait.  and always on point. I've never had a bad meal here. I think I can say That for my whole family. We visit this place at LEAST four times a month. They have funny hours  rice was (almost) perfectly cooked. Taco and the tostado were correct. I ordered a draft and got a huge mug with a lime. This is a good Mexican Food restaurant!" Hands down the best machaca chimichanga I have ever had the pleasure of eating in this fine state of Arizona.  hot plate"". Seriously the best because you know your food is going to be hot! Most sit-down Mexican food places in the Valley are mediocre at best...not Comedor Guadalajara!!" "Truely a mexican restaurant. The chilquiles are great  but come before the lunch rush or the wait WILL be long. The soup at lunch time will remind you of the soup mom and abuelita made. Had the camarones a la veracruzana and was the best I had in a long time.  Great dinning area and service is great." "Best Mexican Food in Phoenix and boy do they feed you!! Authentic food at great prices. The only downside is sometimes there is a really long wait  I must sleep. Slight wait at 2:00 on a Saturday. Not the best margarita that I've ever had." Sanchez family: please come up with another source of music selection (perhaps Pandora or satelite radio or even the radio) It is the best Mexican restaurant in the valley. I dislike Mexican food normally but this is only Mexican food I will eat "Absolutely delicious!  Been here twice now and been great each time. Hade the lunch special green chili beef chimichanga. Beef was tender when she's not worth a single tip.The chicken is we're just chips on the table with the addition of 24 dollars on top.Never coming back......" I couldn't even recommend anything  there is always a 20-40 minute wait to get in. But the wait is worth it :) They need to open more locations :)"  which was soooooo good!!! And a margarita which did not taste as strong as it was. Hats off to the bartender. Overall we were so happy with our orders My favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix.  Never had a bad meal.  Their rice is so good that I have to stop myself from eating it before I balloon into one huge rice ball.  The enchiladas make my heart sing.  The salsa is super spicy and AH-MAZING. I came from out of state to visit ASU and i knew i wanted some good mexican food! I found this place on yelp and this was hands down the best mexican food I've ever had!!!! Highly recommend the cheese crisp!  we are in town for the weekend and tried them out. Not much from the outside  and most importantly great customer service. The employees are nothing but kind and friendly. You feel like you are important when you dine here. I can't say enough on how much I love this place. Please please never lose your amazing customer service. It is hard to come by these days and it definitely makes your business unique and appreciated!!"  and they definitely agreed. An easy way to tell that a Mexican food restaurant is going to be good is by their beans The seafood juice was well heated and the shrimps were large and food proportioned. The desert was to die for if you order the 'churro with ice cream' your mouth will water." Had family in town and they wanted to have authentic Mexican food. The first place that came to mind was here! I had been here before but for a work function 3 years ago. Got the fajitas plate for two with my mother. I couldn't believe how much food they brought out! Everyone at my table ate their food and had some of ours. We still left with left overs!!! Will definitely be back! "Comedor Guadalajara! Over the past few years I have been to several Mexican restaurants. I'm new to Phoenix. I was quite impressed with the excellent service I received. My server Ruben was very pleasant and positive to work with. He provided OUTSTANDING customer service. The atmosphere was laid back. Good environment for singles I had the Chili Rellenos lunch.  Good size portion. I would return to eat here again Great food.  A bit of a wait but there is a reason.   Best Mexican food in Phoenix.  Lived in Mexico for a year and live in Seattle.  This was my first stop off the airplane when I came to Phoenix.  if you're like me and need something milder then you have to ask for it. The chicken tacos are amazing! Definitely worth a try. Can't wait to come back" Old School and super delicious. Beef and potato tacos were great. Carnitas tacos exceptional. The price for the food was very decent and I will go back based on other reviews. I feel like this was just a fluke experience." I will definitely be going back again & again!! :)"  they ""ran out"" of horchata at 3pm on a Saturday street Tacos but most of all the Beans with a extra toasted bread that you just dump into the beans...yummy... Only wish they would have chunky salsa One of the best original Mexican food places in Arizona. They have great food and good service.  One of the best chilli relleno in town. "This place has the best Mexican food in all of Arizona. If it wasn't for the loooong wait to be seated and that they don't take reservations "This was a total surprise for me. It's not often I find a really good restaurant on the road like this one. But that's one if the reasons I use YELP so much. I'm constantly on the road and constantly getting bad meals No one deserves a pre-packaged prejudice pie in the face." This place is amazing! Great tasting authentic Mexican place. The food and service is great and fast. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.  then the rice. Carnita dish also comes with choice of tortillas and a little guacamole and pico. We enjoyed our visit." Being a Mexican food junkie I'm tough to please..  This place was absolutely amazing.  We had the ceviche appetizer and had the chicken mol as my main dish.  It reminded me of good ol fashion home cooking.  I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys really good Mexican food.  the food made up for it. I had the Chile verde burrito and my gf had the enchiladas with a side of guacamole. Everything we tried was very good. Since the portions were huge I should've run when I saw cheddar on everything (not Oaxaca) The food was very good. Service is good and friendly! But not sure if it was worth 45 min of waiting! Try pechuga asada! BESmH-lmMm34_EefL8X9fQ Well worth the 20 minute wait! Really enjoyed it :)" "Best Mexican breakfast ever. The refried beans are the bomb. This is the best Machaca "Was great. Took a retiring friend there for lunch. She loved it  as are their chiles rellenos and tongue tacos. Not a fan of their grilled meat platters  stopped here during the week for lunch. Enchilada special was good. Complementary cup of soup as an appetizer was a nice touch. The salsa is hot so you might request mild for less heat. Plan to return."  so please come on down and join us and our families. Get neck deep in our culture and enjoy our food with us. Bring friends. Get a big table. Get some cerveza and enjoy a great meal. If you walk away hungry it's because you forgot how to use a knife and fork. No tiny portions here  I'd say it's overpriced for what you really get; average $20 per person if you include tip. Not a bad place  and an I (heart) Huckabees Poster in the women's restroom."  the parking situation leaves a lot to be desired as it's right next to one of the busier intersections in Phoenix." Well after about 8 years I went back last night and had it again and I was impressed.  The beans were a little bland but that is about the only complaint I have.  The salsas were fresh and delicious as was the tortilla on my fish burrito. I could have just eaten a couple of the tortillas with the salsa.   My boyfriend got three hard shell beef tacos and it was only $3.49 and it came with chips. So not only was it tasty  but the quesadillas are pretty good. WAY better than Baja Fresh or a place like that. The salsa bar is definitely the highlight of Chico's with a good variety. I'm partial to the pico de gallo myself.  It's a good place to satisfy a Mexican craving when I'm sober.  The only thing I don't like about Chico's is that it's on the corner of McDowell and 7th Street  and right downtown. A perfect lunch hangout when downtown."  in-your-face menu boards and jacked their prices a bit. No bueno. I haven't been much since it changed but it's still good." Had this for lunch one day before work - bad move. I was totally useless all afternoon as I felt like I had a brick of acid eating away at my stomach lining. One complaint - can't we get some ACTUALLY spicy salsa?" D09yG6Z3gcsh24Qn7Y4gYA Stop by and check it out when you want some affordable  the meal was unsatisfying and I left quite a bit of the meal unfinished. I may try the place again some day as this may have been an off day for the restaurant  reflete with wooden parrots and brightly-colored tiles. Something about the inside of the building makes it very loud inside at lunchtime - not a spot to sit and bring a book and contemplate the mysteries of and the reality of your newly found adulthood...not that I've  but now it is back to the regular 6-7 bucks. They have a really great achiote dressing and the salads are pretty big. But I have to say I have a new favorite with the shredded beef burro. Classically simple  and filling. i'll be back. especially cuz they dropped a couple of coupons in my bag. incentives like that to come back are always good. and they have 1.99 margaritas. yum."  six shots of Cuervo and then head to Chico's so we will be ready to do it again tomorrow. What do you say?"  but it was clean and the food seemed to be made with good quality ingredients."  the chicken was a very small portion of thigh meat simply grilled which tasted okay but certainly nothing to write home about." I tried this today. Bout the same as Filibertos and I always feel really bad after eating it. Just like today. Heartburn and just uck. Not good. I may go back to try a burrito but I am in no rush. There are plenty of other Mexican options in this area of town." Read my previous review for more details on this spot." The chips and salsa bar is pretty great.  Lots of different types of salsa with varying levels of kick.  This is a great place to come for  a cheap I come here every Tuesday during my class breaks at ASU's downtown campus. I recommend the chicken taco salad :) The shell is crispy and light Makes me wanna work closer so I can go there every day."  portions and value!!!  Don't let the unconventional locale fool you...Definitely a must-stop whenever in the 7th St & McDowell vicinity.  Go for any of the asada and pollo plates and nachos...You won't be disappointed!"  I don't think I'll be taking my business there anytime soon."  albeit small. I also asked for no onions or tomatoes in the gauc Is it clean and fast and completely serviceable to eat at my desk? You bet!" $1 Tacos on Tuesday are great!!  Good size and plenty of meat in them... Go to a mom and pop taco shop and avoid this place like fire avoids water."  Chico's is not a chain as at least once recent reviewer has stated.  It is family-owned and non-franchise.  I highly recommend ordering the following:  ranchero-style carne asada burrito fixed enchilada-style.  It's deliciously saucy  but it definitely is good. I had the Achiote Grilled Chicken Salad which was super yummy. The salsas are okay--the red one is my favorite. My friend had the tostadas and she said they were good. I would come here again for a quick lunch." There baja fish tacos are like crack to me. SO GOOD!! There chips are addicting. Just the right amount of salt to go with there even better tasting salsa bar" I love their grilled chicken salad. The chicken has so much flava and that sauce makes it super yumm. We love this local neighborhood spot. I will go back to Chico's.  It definitely has fare that is better than the local fast food in the same price range.  Not an exciting place but pleasant to think of returning to.  I went there after a very long day so that is saying something.  Just the enjoyment of quite of the few people just sitting down and having a good time rubbed of on me.  I needed it!" Thank you Chico's we will be back."  excellent salsa bar and lard free beans. AND THEY HAVE BEER. Enough said."  especially when there's a Filibertos just down the road." You can't beat the prices for the amount of food on the plate and there's enough of a selection for the kids to enjoy something too." "We usually go there as an office for lunch  a few time a month but today we had an in-house meeting so we ordered.  Got there and the order was ready but the number of cups they would only give  for as much as we ordered was a far cry from past exp.   Ask for chips and threw in one bag "If you are hungry and you are around the area this food will surely satisfy the hunger.  Customer service its really good Arroz con pollo platter! D09yG6Z3gcsh24Qn7Y4gYA I like this place. It has some decent fast Mexican food. The chicken is delicious. I do love the greasey foods when the craving calls for it. I recommend the Asada Platter or the Achiote Chicken Salad. That is my absolute favorite. And don't skip on the Churros.  seems sanitary and has always been stocked with the necessities.  Several specials a week make the place even more extraordinarily affordable than it already is.  I've certainly experienced better - but considering every meal is a value at Chico's  never had an issue on quality or consistency."  and if you're a drinker they also serve margaritas and had several varieties of beer for sale. Planning to take my daughter here in a few weeks when I'm up this way again."  i have to say the best taco's i'm sorry but i can eat this all day no joke add a coke to that please ;]" Overall the food is average and a little overpriced but decent if you have limited time and need a Mexican Food fix." Do not eat here any place that has bugs climbing in its dinning room means bugs in the kitchen. Will never ever eat the food here! Three times the price of Taco Bell and half as good." Great mexican food and great salsa! They have an excellent breakfast burrito and lots of lunch specials. I love going here but the food is so intense i usually want a nap afterwards. Why write more? It's just a taco. It's good. Try em out." "This place offers decent food at a great price. Every Tuesday is ""Taco Tuesday"" - $2.00 tacos. The portions are good and the staff is friendly. I usually order their tacos with corn tortillas. Their salsa bar is fresh and clean. The atmosphere is funky and the restaurant was clean. The manager told me they do offer catering and they have a separate menu for that." Paid 10.49 for unedible 2 taco plate which i threw  away. complained to staff and was offered something else which i declined but no refund. meat tasted very bitter and left bad taste in my mouth. It was truly horrible tasting. Worst mexican food I ever had this place is going on my NEVER again list. Go taco bell its better. Also there was very loud construction jackhammering  going on in the back which ruined the visit as well.  and they'll send you home with chips and salsa too (the hot red salsa is a delight)!" Now I can't stop thinking about fish tacos. Review over. I'm going to lunch." "I stopped in here today for lunch since I was in the area. The service was friendly and nice. I ordered the carne asada tacos. First I got chips and went to the salsa bar. The chips were noticeably stale "Stopped at this place on the way to PHX airport.  Looked like a local joint but got inside and realized it is probably a chain.  The salsa is accessible and acceptable.  I got my tacos to go.  No lengua or barbacoa and that clued me in that it must be a chain and sanitized to some degree.  Plus the fact that some non-hispanics were working behind the counter.  Got the airport and looked at the tacos and realized that the chicken was overcooked and the chunks too large for a taco.  Anyway If I could give this place zero stars I would. This place has got to be the most disgusting Mexican place I have ever ate at!!!! Their meat was overcooked and flavorless.  Salsa had no flavor at all!! Even their tortillas were bad!! So please don't listen to want anybody else has to say about this place.  It should be illegal to sell food this bad!!! I enjoy Chicos Tacos when I am downtown.  Delicious! "Went in specifically for the 5.99 taco deal advertised online.  Went in and they would not honor it...said it was wrong and deal was now 6.99.  I pulled up ""their"" website and showed it to them...still  my son and I had the 5 taco deal for $7 and their chorizo and egg breakfast burrito for dinner. The food and service was very good. I used my $10 for $7 coupon from Yelp and when I asked for extra chips First time here and Not a fan. This place has been here forever. There must be something good here if they are still open. Well to be honest I will not be back. . Hope you continue stay open for many more years. :)  and she advised me that this McDowell location is under new ownership and that the owners are changing things to make it more like another location that they own in Ahwatukee. As long as the food stays tasty I will continue to come back Gross. I had a vegetarian burrito and to tell you the truth ive had better burritos at taco bell. I threw it away after 2 bites. Even the tortilla wasn't cooked all the way. My boyfriend had fish tacos and although edible we can make them better at home useing just the microwave.  It was horrible and I won't ever be back.  I decided to go to the counter. The lady then informed me that someone else took my food! ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?! That didn't sit too well with me especially since they check the numbers before handing out the food. So I had to wait an additional 5 min for the cook to prepare my food again. I only get half an hour for my lunch so I was furious! There was no apologies from anyone. I didn't even want the food by then. Once I actually ate the food The food is good but every single time we place phone orders my burrito is fucked up! Done with this place!  I expected better.  Don't think I'd go out of my way to come back anytime soon."  but no flavor. Ground Beef? What is this stuff? Mushy as hell  the carne asada burrito was not very good. I specifically asked if there was rice in it they said yes but there wasnt any. The meat was just okay nothing stands out. don't waste your time here. There are way too many other options close by that are awesome."  and hopefully will prevent people from being disappointed and harrassed by smelly bums during their lunch break. Fuck this place I can't figure out why...... is there a Gold Membership we don't know about????"  the meat was really bad. No taste and the pieces were way too big and full of stringy gristle. I had to throw the meat out of my burrito. Other than that Chico's tacos rocks!!!   Best ever  dinner I ever had that place rocks even serves beer awesome everything about that place is the best!!! I like the breakfast burritos. I really like that I can call in my order ahead of time and pick it up on my way to work! Taco Tuesday is ok. they raised the prices but the 2$ beers are still a great price. sometimes the tacos are better then other days. hit and miss. the salsa bar is Aplus..pico is good. Try the Chicken salad its like a meal!!!! real good chicken..charbroiled..yummy. the ladies working here make it worth coming back. This place has definitely changed over the years!  Just found out this location is under new ownership. All the old employees have left and the prices have been raised. The reason for the 3 stars is that there is absolutely no consistency here anymore. Depending on who is in the back making the tacos results in if you get a taco with barely any meat or a wonderful taco filled up properly.  Please bring back your old cook!!!!  The younger woman that is predominately back there now makes them so weak!  You're basically eating tortilla and lettuce! "chicken ""works"" giant burrito. lots of beans but not enough chicken. hochata is decent." Missed this place for about seven years while I worked elsewhere. It is every bit as awesome as it was when I worked downtown many years ago. Superb variety of menu items. i go for the diet-friendly chicken tacos and the amazing salsa bar. The staff recognizes regulars like me and they're super friendly.  RATHER than the grilled and fresh chicken I've always been used to. I guess I have to find that elsewhere now. I still will go for the breakfast burritos. Good place. Just seem to be changing"  the chicken didn't taste so good. The only thing that is still the same is the front staff taking the order but what good is that if the food isn't anymore." This place has definitely changed over the years!  Just found out this location is under new ownership. All the old employees have left and the prices have been raised. The reason for the 3 stars is that there is absolutely no consistency here anymore.  The chicken is also tasteless and not grilled anymore. Yuck!  Depending on who is in the back making the tacos results in if you get a taco with barely any meat or a taco filled up properly.  Please bring back your old cook!!!!  The younger woman that is predominately back there now makes them so weak!  You're basically eating tortilla and lettuce! "Tried this with a group of friends and I was pleasantly surprised.  We had the breakfast burritos And I just wanted to shop at Safeway :). Good for me:)" Great place. lots of room - lots of seating - daily specials. They have fantastic shredded beef tacos. Good stop for a good lunch. Close to downtown Phoenix. Staff are friendly but only staff is behind the counter and in the kitchen. This is a pick it up at the window kind of place.  and inexpensive entre's. Depending on what you order the food can be from average to not so good." Chicken tacos were not very good. Beef taco was ok. Veggie burrito was ok. Salsa could be better.  Gigantic burrito was not very good.  Probably won't be back again. So sad! Ive been coming here for 15 years and used to love this place. My 5 star review is now 1. Prices have gone up $2 and portions sizes are going down. The food is still good but its not worth the money. I dont know if management changed or if they just started trying to gouge people but i hope something changes. They lost a long time loyal customer today.  I would of said curse words to her and reminded her how customers like me pay for her livelihood. The burrito itself was good and the cook had a more friendly face than both Yolanda and the shy cashier who seemed to have no idea on what to do."  have tried pretty much every except the shrimp tacos and it is all great. All food is made fast and fresh by friendly people. If you haven't tried it and would like something better than Taco Bell then it is a must." The chicken quesadillas are good but are heavy on the grease. Unless you have a stomach of steel (like I used to) go with the tacos or a burrito." "I'm only writing this review as a favor for budget eaters looking for a somewhat healthy solution.  I think this place has one of the best deals for two things:  the fish taco (about $2)  but it's a fairly-priced meal downtown that remains consistent. If you go For a chain...Baja Fresh makes some really good Mexican food. Always fresh and delicious. My favorite is the Baja Burrito with grilled chicken. The side salad is a great deal...try the Salsa Verde dressing!  Enjoy!!!  just the right amount of condiments to choose from.  This place was a godsend when looking for a quick bite in downtown Phoenix.  Every other place I walked by looked really beat." I ordered the Baja Burrito-Bare Style with Carnitas.  Bare style essentially means it is served like a salad.  I was impressed.  The Romain lettuce was fresh and crisp  lunch time is crazy! Get here before 11:45 or call in your order!" The food is decent but for a $7 lunch there are cheaper better Mexican options out there." "Went in here around 12:45 today and the place was packed but the service was still good. I waited in line for less than five minutes ** quick update all of that great salsa was only on loan. 4 hrs late it was all gone tanks to some food Bourne illness.***"  and the staff were very kind to let me eat in as it was cold outside and they were 5 minutes from closing.  thumbs up for me" PS. The bathroom needs to be cleaned and updated..." "Very prompt and friendly service.  I got there at 11:30 ish.  I ordered the chicken tortilla soup.  It was pretty good.  And a side of rice and black beans.  Also very good.  The black beans seemed spicier than I was expecting and the rice had a nice flavor and was moist.  Also The food is good and fast.  This is a very busy lunch spot downtown.  However they always run out of salsa and that should never happen at a place like this.  & they already closed at 3 pm on Sunday! ...I was pissed! The new Chipotle a block away at City scape is open til 10 pm daily! ...So there! What is it with everything closing sooo damn early in Phoenix! This is such an early city! Some eating places even close at 2:30 pm  reusable plastic cup with straw and lid...every visit after that it's only 99 cents!  This holds a LOT of drink!"  it wasn't even that GOOD.  And it made me sick.  Did I mention that?  I don't totally blame Baja though.  Chipotle did its part in pissing me off for the whole trip.  Baja unfortunately just fell out of my butt hours later." I do have to say that their pico de gallo is great and I could probably live on just that for the rest of my life. I get extra cups of it and eat it all by itself." fatty meat low quality with inflated prices. this place has went down substantially  considering that the Light Rail is literally right at their front door & people are getting off it like every 10 mins "I like to go to Comicon in downtown Phoenix and stay for 3 or 4 days.  There aren't many places to eat on the weekend in downtown Phoenix.  So one of my go to places is Baja Fresh.  Baja Fresh is nothing fancy but perfect for a delicious take out grilled chicken burro  very efficient staff (though I could get my food faster) considering there's almost always a few people ahead of you if not 10. I usually have greasy (tasty!) mexican food but these guys know how to give you something good and healthy so definitely recommend trying them out."  and even some deviations from traditional mexican fare like ham and cheese sandwiches or burgers. My recommendation is to dance with the fella that brought you I will not visit Jordan's again." x8WoC_7WHzXNmt6J13Nbvw If you get here early enough you can park in their own private lot for free."  and instead I have a meal in the wrong restaurant that was on the bad side of mediocre.  There are many good Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.  The Tee Pee Tap Room (at least this place) is not one of them."  but I won't be rushing back here any time soon...they're not much better than some Mexican restaurant chains."  out of the box hard corn taco shells. I've never understood why a Mexican restaurant wouldn't spend more time on the things that make Mexican restaurants great. Tortillas are amazing. I love them  but don't expect inteligent cuisine. Quick and easy  and the blandest refried beans you've ever had.  The salsa is decent  enough said. I can separate the foodie critic in me and appreciate the food service (which was excellent) and being able to enjoy a post-pit  a good place when trying to meet someone downtown...consistent food and easy Lots of free parking and close to Chase Field!" I also get the chicken chimi..."  both times were prior to a D back and Suns game. It is a great spot to stop and satisy your hunger with thier mexican food. Food is good and portions are fair. On both separate occasions "We had a little extra time before a Diamond Backs game and decided to stop in here for a couple beers.  The guy behind the bar was a total D-bag.  We ordered 2 pints and he didnt even fill our glasses up all the way.  After the game we stopped again I think Tee Pee is getting a bit of a bad rap.  I come here frequently for lunch and haven't had any problems with the service outside of waiting a bit too long for drink refills (understandable during a busy lunch rush).  It's utility Sonoran style Mexican food and it does the job.  ( game night) and still only about half full.  Restaurant very warm ( temp wise) waitress had sweat dripping.  Yum!  Only redeeming quality was patron  shots.  Wouldn't go back." Food was surprisingly good.  I read the reviews and wasn't expecting much.  What I got was decent home-made salsa with good enough chips  but the service and food were great!  Our server was very friendly and extremely efficient.  The food was actually very good.  I enjoyed enchiladas with beans and rice and was very pleased with my choice."  and the waitress told us we couldn't split our checks between 2 people... Hmmm id say it was definitely not a good experience." Solid place to hit up before a baseball game. Very good salsa. Cops from fresh tortillas.  Food was tasty.  Service was friendly.  Prices very reasonable.  Not much of a wine selection but hey what do you expect.  we arrived about 40 min before the game and the main wave of people were already gone. We were alone in the dining room and I mean alone - as in no waitresses for 5 minutes. Beer glasses were warm (they'd just been washed! We were told) and only 2 small bowls of chips for 6 people. Most disappointing The fish tacos aren't miss leading. Best Fish Tacos!!! I've ever had. These are not your run of the mill deep fried rubbery fish tacos. They use well seasoned fish fillet not fried and not little bits and pieces. Big and fresh. I highly recommend them and that's coming from picky of an eater. Another big plus it's right next to chase field parking is free if you dine in during events.  for $100 including a generous tip because our waiter was so attentive and pleasant. I'd recommend if you are looking for a no-frills place with good food. The outside patio has a smoking area that did drift over into the non-smoking area Smell is horrible !! Ordered a burrito at the bar and the bartender forgot to put the order in !! I was the only one in there too !! Will never go back. I do like their Albondigas soup and ordered a side of soup to go. Thanks"  cozy feel (which I love)! The service is always great and the food is always satisfying. I AM a creature of habit and always order the Albondigas soup (Mexican meatball soup) + rice inside and a small cheese crisp with green chilis and guacamole! Their house-made chips  inside there was maybe a total of seven people. My wife wanted to leave. We did stay and sat in the dining room. There was only one other couple in there at 7:30 in the evening...not a good sign. Waiter service was a little slow Just not a lot of flavor in my tacos. Not much fast at all. The chips they brought out were good but the rest was missing something.  Good service "Divey place but very close to Chase field and the Diamondbacks baseball. Ordered the guacamole dip which was average at best. Ordered the bean and cheese dip which gained taste when added in the great salsa which came with tortilla chips immediately when we were seated. Fur lunch I ordered one fish taco which was ok. Overall Mandatory before a D'backs or Suns game. Make sure to try the Sonoran Enchiladas. Very clean and welcoming.  but im not going to be craving it or anything. Total for 2 people -- 1 pitcher of bud light Came here with 200+ Dodgers fans and they were well prepared. I ordered the Tee Pee Tap Special and it was great. Not a fan of lettuce so ordered it without it but it was definitely worth the $8.75. Nice Divey Mexican style restaurant to enjoy some food and drinks before the game. Atmosphere was basically provided by us since there was no other fan besides Dodgers Fans in the building. Over all great food and great experience. The little old ladies who work here are absolutely adorable in their little matching dresses. They are no nonsense  I won't contest it when Hubby suggests Carolina's (who serves the best chimis and by far the best tortillas in town)." "I drive by Rosita's all the time-- and have never stopeed to go in... until 2 days ago and I am so glad I did.  It looks really tiny from McDowell but actually it is a pretty decent size.  I ordered the good ol standby: beef taco and cheese enchilada and rice.  I was very pleased with my meal.  It was affordable and tasty.  I will go back again.  The only drawback is the pond inside-- things like that skeeve me out. Service was normal  but inside it's very clean and the service is always good. I wish they had other locations because it's a long drive from where I live in Chandler." Their chips and salsas are excellent and very spicy.  I always get the same thing on the menu... it is a combination plate with a beef taco and cheese enchilada.  The beef taco is yummy... I think they mix potato in with the beef.  I really like this combo although some people do not.  Everyone I have brought here absolutely loves it.  I told my mom about this place because (she is a local restaurateur) and she loves this place too.  That is saying a lot coming from her:) Like the menu claims ""Their specialty is good tasting food."" I would swap good with great. And have a margarita too."  overall it was a nice place. I recommend sitting by the window and just enjoy your self while trying to handle the salsa!!" I absolutely love Rosita's Place. This is the definition of real Mexican Food. I have gone here for years i tell everyone i know who loves Mexican food that they must go here. I am still surprised so many people in Phoenix still don't know about it. Also it is one of the best Albondigas i have ever eaten at any restaurant. Since i have moved out of state this is one of the places i miss going to on a regular basis. Only downside - the margaritas are kind of weak. On the other hand  The first location was originally downtown and the restaurant slowly made its way to just West McDowell and 24th St.   Mexican Food is taken a serious art in the Central Phoenix area.  Rositas is a dominate location that keeps people excited to return." Give Rosita's Place a shot  one machaca and one chicken.  He liked the machaca but took two bites of his chicken and didn't like it.  I have to admit their horchata (rice milk drink) was good and a good size.  I know there's better Mexican food out there  really good and if it we-rent for the REALLY bad service I would have given this place at least a four... maybe a five."  good Mexican food. If you happen to be in that area hWhVP-28LYP3llaMlAJ_JA lND1_sIXaA1GYDxVduyMsA This place will not let you down."  so i can't speak for the service.  my food was TERRIFIC-- especially the carne asada burros and guacamole-- and ready for me when i arrived.  the salsas (i loooooved the green) were good as well.  i've eaten a lot of mexican food in my day "Rostias Place is the best Mexican food place in Phoenix.  They have amazing machaca and the salsa's are always great.  Sometime's the salsa's and chile are so hot I fear my stomach might explode  the service fine. Their salsas set the standard for the area. The only issues with Rosita's have to do with the neighborhood and the parking. That aside  and you don't like that you have to park in back where you can't see your car while you eat  comfort food. STRONG margaritas. Watch out! Never get ""adverse side effects"" from eating Mexican food here. A little pricey Food Smell - I'm not sure if this was because I read on previus review...But I did notice a wierd smell to the enchilada."  tostada combo. Very delicious. Loved the beans and rice." "Pretty authentic and they have menu items that other restaurants don't. The posole  but I certainly wouldn't call it Americanized either. Their beginnings were likely with authentic ingredients and recipes "Rosita's Place Rocks! It has the right amount of dive atmosphere with just excellent food. The green & red sauce are both pretty hot and spicy Chips are fresh and fried on premises. All entrees are quite big and enough to feed two. It draws interesting crowd. I was there with some folks from work after a conference and so were in suits. There were some families  which I think to be the best place on the planet.  I was living in Phoenix back in the mid-80's and pining for LA-style Mex when I came across a review for this funky place on Buckeye Road.  I'm tellin' ya Wow! every dish I've tried here has made me wiggle in my seat with happiness.  Love the sauces.  Delicious. Homestyle goodness. If you want good Mexican food with large portions this is the pace to go."  so make sure people in your party have cash or owe money to the person who ends up paying with the card." My only concern was the lack of service in general." Could this have been an off night? I guess its possible but I order so much variety that it pretty much rules out having a bad experience because a single item wasn't good that night. Is this the worst Mexican in town? Far from it.. But there are so many other great places I feel sorry for anyone who might call this their only Mexican stop when they have a craving. They are missing out on some real good food out there." hWhVP-28LYP3llaMlAJ_JA  while I wouldn't discourage anyone from going here  so if there is a group of cackling hens at the table behind you doing tequila shooters  is in its soups and green chile meat dishes. Go starting in October for the best posole. Or order the green chile burrito  either way it was stinky. The wait staff didn't seem outraged and shrugged it off as though this has happened before.  I may go back here in another year "Chips were Hot & Fresh...Very Hot! The food was wonderful. Our order was somewhat lost in translation. Our sever asked us again if that is what we wanted. I said yes. We got enough food for 4 people. We got the plates of tacos rather than 2 individual tacos! These plates include beans and rice of course. I did not even dig in to my Chimichanga The only spicy Mexican food I've had in the valley.  More please. "I really wanted Chilaquiles when i got there but i also wanted Menudo.  I ended up ordering the Red Menudo and it was really good.  There was no fat in it and most places give you a lot of fat in your bowl.  I did need to use the restroom seeing as i am pregnant after the meal  the rice and beans were delicious but the flauta didn't have any favor to it. The guacamole would be better if they didn't add tomatoes to it and just kept it avocado only." Healthy? No! Cheap and delicious. Si! I will be back." Very welcoming staff with great service. The refried beans here are among the very best restaurant beans I have ever had. The chili rellenos are good. Overall very satisfied and will be back.  check out the sauteed beef burro or the carnitas burro(!). It's all soooo good - not a bad item on the menu. Go to Rosita's Place - you'll be glad you did." I think Rosita's Place is the real deal.  It's not healthy food; it may not be particularly inventive food.  But it is done well Love this place.  If I wasn't on the opposite side of the continent I'd go there all the time.  They start you out with a basket of smoking-hot fresh chips and salsa that's spicy enough to hurt but so tasty you can't stop eating it.  Everything I've eaten there has been good.  My favorite thing to get is a machaca burrito.  Excellent rice and beans come with it.  I go every time I'm in Arizona and I wish I was there right now!  great tasting and priced well a lunch/dinner for 2 is about 18 dollars. Will come back!" great menudo. enough said. MqUmlcr_J-qLBbWlkst5eA The refried beans are better than chocolate!  Worth the drive!  but the salsa has the perfect temp. I like it a little hotter ie (los dos molinos). The only other item I have had at Rosita's is the chimi. Also good  as you could understand. Pretty much only go if you have to have some sodium after a  heavy night of drinking heavily or in dire need of some good ole hip widening comfort food.  You'll probably see me there on a Sunday afternoon with the biggest pair of sunglasses I can get my hands on while popping Advil."  check out my other reviews. This is the lowest one I have done so far. Rositas would be the Mexican restaurant of choice in the Phoenix area if the demeanor of the wait staff was better. I am happy to see that they are at least hiring people with better attitudes. I hope this lasts."  I see no reason to go back.  My beef taco was a mixture of mealy beef and chunks of potato.  It was so disgusting I couldn't even eat it.  There has been a definite change in the food from years ago.  Yuk.  There are plenty of better places out now that have better quality food and GREAT service." hWhVP-28LYP3llaMlAJ_JA  food is less then desirable & the waitress we got is so cranky that even my spanish speaking friends couldn't get her to crack a smile! skip this joint!"  if you can deal with the rudeness and long wait then I would recommend this place otherwise order take-out." I would like to come back and try some of their other food but for now I'll be coming back for the menudo"  unless your parents make it.   Prices here are not bad and I've never go wrong.  This place is very close comparison to Tee-Pee which is very good also." Great food!  Service was quick and staff was nice!  Very authentic mexican food and some of the best tamales I've had!  Definitely try the green tamales! This is also the place where your butt-hole will curse you the next day if you don't listen to him and ease up on the salsa."  clear your afternoon (those margaritas pack a kick!) DAMN I LOVE THIS PLACE!!" Just another place missing Brian." Everyone knows the traditional ""Mexican"" restaurants where you go in and order the # 13 and they're all the same right?  Rosita's Place is NOT this type of eatery.  The food is authentic as authentic comes and should not be missed." "This is my husband's and my all-time favorite Mexican restaurant. You have to like spicy salsa though because they only have spicy green and spicy red salsa. Both are good if you can stand the heat! The chips are good: thin and hot (although you might have a few greasy ones at the bottom of the basket). I've never had better green corn tamales or refried beans than I can get here. My husband likes the egg burro with green sauce all over it. Yum I will definitely go back to try other things." Listen this is true old school Mexican cooking.  If your on a Diet stick with water with lemon or leave it at the door pick it up on the way out.  We eat here all the time but today was the bomb so good their green mix all green enchilada style OH MAN ITS GOOD staff is always very friendly the owners and her family are very accommodating their menudo is some of the best and not to many restaurants have good menudo this place is very good and you get a lot for your money affordable $35 with two cheap drinks and a totally unwarranted tip." I will definitely come to Rositas the next time I'm in the mood for Mexican." First impression walking in was definitely how clean it was. The food was good and didn't taste like every other Mexican food restaurant out there but had a more authentic taste to it. The drinks were really good too. The service was not the best but it wasn't bad. I recommend trying this restaurant at least once to form your own opinion.  the chicken chimichanga. There is something about how they make the chicken there that is the best I've ever had at a Mexican restaurant. They don't put anything but meat in the burritos  or cheese crisp or steak picado.  To go to some place like Tee Pee or Don Carlos or Milagro is just silly when you can go to Rosita's Place------this is the real deal "I was in Phoenix for a business trip trying to find a place to eat one night I decided to do some research.  Since I was in the SW I thought about Mexican. So I found in several articles and sites as well as Yelp that Rositas had the best Chile Verde. So I  got done with work early one night so I made my way to Rositas. It has an interesting parking lot "I lived in Phoenix for 12 years before I found this place - now I would never recommend any Mexican restaurant but this one for friends from out of town or newbies.  Rosita's chips are the best - it's worth a trip just for the chips.  I usually eat there at least once a week - the cheese enchiladas with green sauce are my favorite This place has really good Mexican food!!! I went for lunch and had the chicken burro enchilada style with green chili sauce. It was excellent!!! The chips are very good also but the red and green salsa are a little bit spicy. Overall a very good place and good prices. This restaurant is one of the best of it's kind. Major bonus: if you want to hear music  a mole that is to die for and a chili relleno that has to be the best in town. The atmosphere is so so and the crowd is not as friendly.. Service is good and the food is affordable like it should be! Stiff Margs too!" I visited Phoenix a few years ago for a gig (coming from LA). Had another musician friend who lived there turn me on to this place - awesome! Love the food and the divey ambience. If you're looking for fancy go somewhere else. If you're looking for authentic quality food this is the place. Absolutely delicious and I remember it still after 5+ years. My favorite spot for Mexican food in the valley. I've been going there for years specifically for the white menudo. Their ground beef/potato tacos are incredible and I love that some of the servers have been there the entire time I have been going.  and very helpful. The food makes me feel like I am back at home. Very authentic and just the right amount of spice (for me). I usually order the machaca chimichanga or machaca enchiladas. Both are excellent. They have some of the best cheese enchiladas in town and my family loves their tacos. It's quite a drive from our East Mesa home  but it's a well lit parking lot and there's an attendant watching the premises and the parking lot.  So there's that." "I absolutely love this place! I drive 30 miles from Mesa to eat at Rosita's Place every chance I get. Been coming here for at least 10 years or more. Best Mexican food in the valley. Their green corn tamales. Yum! Cheese enchiladas  but it takes forever. From the time I ordered to when I was served 25minutes. Come only if you have time to spare to sit and wait." One of the few places that tastes like your Nana made it. AUTHENTIC! "It was my first time here. I ordered two cheese enchiladas and soft chicken taco  I'd really prefer not to find meat in it. This distinctly tainted my views on the place and I will not be going back here." i will be definitely adding this place to my regular mexican restaurant rotation!" I'm pretty sure I have found my go-to Mexican spot in Phoenix." I recommend this place it was a great experience." "Rosita's Place is one of my favorite Mexican restaurant in the Valley. I usually get the same thing everywhere I go and base my judgement on that one item. I order the green chili burro enchilida style. Rosita's offering was so good that I sometimes crave it and drive from Scottsdale just to get one. The salsa is always hot  satisfying restaurant. I've been known to do take out for evening cravings...Service is friendly and professional." This place is really good! The food is all super yummy :) I had the machaca and it was amazing! My boyfriend had the green chili chimi and he liked it as well. The service was very friendly however pretty slow. I'm sure we will be back before another game.  but that is typical in the Mexican Restaurant way. I find the slow service forgivable because the food more than makes up for it."  go to Taco Bell if you want that. 2) This is not a vegetarian/vegan restaurant."  my friend and I went to try this out wanting good Tex-Mex. I was surprised how mediocre it was. I had the enchiladas (my typical go-to dish at Tex-Mex restaurants) and just found them very ordinary. Even the margarita just wasn't that flavorful. After having some other Mexican that was outstanding places like Milagro Grill earlier in the week  including the restrooms. Staff was friendly and good prices. Too bad I don't live in Phoenix." "I first learned of this place by invite. Two of my closest friends suggested Rosita's Place as a place to meet for lunch and since my first visit Best green chicken enchiladas I've ever had in my life!! The side of guacamole can get a bit pricey but it better be award winning because the flavor is unmatched by any other guacamole I've tasted. Have a mango margarita with a chile rim to go with your meal and basque in some if the finest Mexican food this state can offer! I had a chicken burrito enchilada style with mole sauce. It was absolutely huge and delicious. I also got the rice and beans with it and the refried beans were literally the best I have ever had. I sat down at 2p saw server she gave me salsa no chips. Ordered food at 210 and 230 rolled around still no food told server I had to go she said she would be right back 5 minutes later she comes with my food. I seriously had to go so I asked for a box 5 minutes later.box comes. Horrible experience. exceptional customer service!!!  The cashier was very patient and friendly as well ! great menudo!  if you are looking to eat good food late...  The salsa was awesome and the low prices are ridiculous!!!" "It was awesome. I was just passing through Phoenix and found this place on Yelp  this place is in the hood so that in itself enhanced my experience." Had a wonderful lunch.  Excellent. "Good solid mexican food.  Big portions and small prices.  If you order a burrito or chimi get it wet "I write this as I sit awaiting for my food.  I've been waiting for an hour now.  At a table with 10 other people  so I decided to accept Yelp's recommendation for Rosita's Place. The portions were generous But you will love this place." Over all food was delicious...service was awsome n friendly...and the price was great!!!"  Arizona. The mom and pop setting remind me of home the loud crazy people didn't bother me it's a small restaurant it's time to be expected. Don't do yourself an injustice by leaving if it's crowded what are your items to go. I love guacamole but I didn't enjoy this one because I could tell they add Southwest spices and I like mine plain."  the meat on a chimichanga that i got was Salty as hell i told the waitress she pretty much ignored my concern and kept doing her business might not go back there again."  always a good sign to start a meal. The menu suffers from the common Mexican restaurant problem of offering too many dishes. Sometimes you just want to know what they do well. and the giant Denny's menu is not usually a great sign. But to their credit Oh my god I wasn't sure about this place pull in up but I should have after deein its a hole in the wall Mexican food restraunt this place is AMAZING the food is Fenominal the salsa is tasty and spicy and the food is out of this world first time here and everything looks soo good I wasn't sure on what to order I will be back to have more mmmmmmmm mmmmmmm good When u come here no matter what u get u need to try the Guacamole hands down the best Guacamole ive ever had in my life & im not exagerating its extremely fresh & addictive The only reason why this place did not get 5 stars is due to the wait for food.. Other than that I will definitely come back!" "I've been going to this Mexican food restaurant for years! This place has by far the best green chili in phoenix! Also the staff "Great food.  I ordered the chips and salsa.  Costs a buck but was worth it.  They came out hot.  And I loved the house salsas.  Only negative was that the chips on the bottom were covered in grease.  They should shake out the grease more but otherwise fantastic. Then I ordered the Carne Asada burro with a side of beans.  It was heavenly. Good flavor.  Tons of meat "I won't say much as there are enough reviews already to give you a pretty good idea of the place.  One thing I didn't see mentioned too much was that compared to a lot of  mainstream mex restaurants this place generally has  much spicier food and salsa.  So if you don't like your mex food ""hot"" this may not be the place for you.  It's not overdone hot like a few places but definitely a step up from mainstream.  At least ask when you order how hot the particular dish might be.  Their salsa is way hotter than most places.  I have taken out of town guests here and it's been too hot for several of them." hWhVP-28LYP3llaMlAJ_JA  not just for trips to and from the airport. It's worth driving down there just for rositas place :-)"  but I was more concerned with their staff and they are not very courteous. That's actually the main reason why I have never gone back up to this point."  just because... all at Rosita's throughout the years and it has never failed me. The chips are always hot and their menudo and posole is just like mom's. The beans too! Mmm! I know many friends and family who frequent Rosita's. If you're in a hurry go to a chain but for me I came here a few months back and the food was really good. I came again today and that was not the case. The food was oily and the service sucked. Our waitress barely even spoke to us and it took her 20min to bring us out check after she glanced at us when we were done. She seemed super unenthusiastic to be at her job and definitely took it out on us. I don't think ill be back. Rice and beans were delicious the burrito was huge but the meat was not the best choice. Although the flavor was good the meat killed it for me I like my green chili with a different type of meat not shredded beef. The shrimp cocktail was big for an appetizer and the price for it was good too. it was lacking   In flavor but still good. Overall the flavor of everything was just ok not a huge wow for me except the rice and beans they were amazing. Would prob come again because the price was good and overall it was pleasant place to eat" "I went to Rosita's Place yesterday after reading the Yelp reviews. I have to give this place 3 stars. The food was great. They give you a great portion of food. The waitress was friendly and attentive. The only issue I had was upon initially walking in  a green one and a red one alongside warm chips.  But if you want something really spicy (delicious) try the steak picado.  The ambience Food is still great but the service was terrible!!!!!! We have been their many times and we have never had service so bad before. It was the older lady with short hair and I just can't believe she totally ignored us. We were very disappointed. Give it a try if you desire REAL Mexican food!"  and probably always will come back. The food is wonderful with large portions For my money one of two or three best Mexican restaurants in the valley. Work downtown eat lunch out 5 days a week. Always go here at least once a week. Some of the best green and red chili I have ever had. Also great beans made with bacon grease. Also has menudo and posole which are wonderful. Try this joint do not let the appearance or location scare you a way.  and cheese enchilada because I couldn't decide.  Usually not a fan of the enchilada sauce but this sauce was excellent!!  Beans and enchilada were my favorite!"  so we have room for desert because I saw a plate of fried Ice cream walk by  we got the tortillas for fajitas 20 minutes after the fajitas and the check took another 20 minutes to wait for. I would typically go here every month but hadn't been in a 3-4 months so I am hoping this was a one off and the next visit will be better and not that the place has gone down hill." Came here for the menudo. Chips were hot and fresh tasting. Red menudo has a good taste. I still think Caramba's in downtown Glendale has the best menudo although this one is right up there. B-  so yeah. This wasn't my absolute favorite for Mexican food. I would go again though. Don't get me wrong" Really good menudo and salsa and fresh chips are a must .. The prices are great and the food is real mexican home cooked meals ... The environment is casual and the service average. The delicious plates and portions are the reason I gave it such a high rating. I live in the far east valley and travel to Phoenix to eat at Rosita's at least once a month." Whatever is ordered is sure to be a winner.  My personal favorite is the taco toscada and enchilada with rice and beans.  No visit would be complete without the cooked to order tortilla chips with the house made red and green salsa"  I didn't lay anything major but it didn't wanna flush. Also the water tasted like it was freshly from Mexico  but it satisfied my pregnancy craving for menudo. The only set back was that it took FOREVER to get the menudo. My mom was already almost halfway thru her meal and the chips were starting to fill me up a bit. But I really wanted the menudo I came for so I patiently waited. That and the service was not good. The server barely came around or not at all to check on us. We didn't speak Spanish but that's all they really tried talking to us in. I could understand some but my english responses were still answered in spanish. I thought that was pretty funny. I may come back during the day although the time we went was at night They do tend to get very busy at times. So be prepared." I felt very authentic. and price point was good for the amount of food." The best Mexican food I have found in the valley. Well worth the drive from Goodyear. The food was really good but their beans and rice side for a plate is ridiculously priced. The service was horrible! Waited forever get a table because it said please wait to be seated then to be told go pick out what table you want. Took almost 15 mins to get chips. And our waitress was rude and didn't check on us once until it was time to pay. She didn't ask if we wanted refills or a box for the 3$ beans and rice we got.  but the entree (tacos and chimichanga) was dry and flavorless." I probably wouldn't go back if in the area again Fucking delicious!!!!!! Ask for a large margarita. Best service. Salsa is spicy but amazing. Got sat right away. Everything was great. I will be beck for sure. "I am not sure I have reviewed this restaurant but I have been eating here for years (at least 15  as my drink also sat empty for about a quarter of the meal with no server in sight. My fingers are crossed that next time "Food was OK. Have had better and also worse. But check your bill before paying. Just had 3 people add the bill and all 3 had different totals. Seemed like the server was trying to get away with adding additional gratuity ON TOP of the already added gratuity for a larger group by ""adding wrong"". That doesn't sit well in my book. Check you bill people." hWhVP-28LYP3llaMlAJ_JA "This place has been a favorite spot for my entire family for 27 years now. The family favorite dish here has always been the green corn tamales with super spicy jalapeo green chilies on top. Other favorites include the cheese enchiladas with green sauce "The Menudo is the best! The machaca is muy Bueno . Highly recommended . Large portions to top it off. We thought the service was great Great joint for us recommended by the staff at our hotel. I recommend this establishment to anyone and will always come back." I'd go back with coworkers if this was where they wanted to go  and had a big chunk of beef spine. The menudo had a good ratio of hominy to broth and plenty of tripe. The horchata was good but had a little too much cinnamon for my liking. The service was good and the restaurant was clean. Overall  is the waiting & frustration that you sense from Restaurant  Management because they are not efficiently managing traffic -EVEN- when there's very little to no traffic." Came here for my Saturday morning Menudo and Hot chips and as always very fresh hot  and flavorful if you love Menudo this is the place! The red is just as good but spicy! If I could give them 10 stars I would." "Went to Rosita's yesterday for lunch while waiting on car repairs. In and out in an hour no problems. The best Machaca ive ever had! Our chips were steaming hot when they were delivered to out table. Guacamole This place can get crowded on a Sunday Every item was pretty good with the best spice. I love their hot and spicy red and green salsa with their homemade chips." The food sucked and the service was substandard  and had a big chunk of beef spine. The menudo was good. It had a good ratio of hominy to broth and plenty of tripe.  Their was too much ""stuff"" and not enough broth. I especially liked that they bring you plenty of fixings with your order. The horchata was good but had a little too much cinnamon for my liking. The service was good and the restaurant was clean. Overall Save your money and go elsewhere" I would definitely recommend this place for good Mexican food." If you want authentic mexican food this is your spot!! Must try! Super busy on Sunday's Oh and when we got the check we couldn't read the chicken scratch on it. As it turns out it was done on purpose as the waitress added her tip into the tab  stop by Rosita's you will not be disappointed." "Best Mexican meal we could have asked for! We stopped for our first meal in Phoenix and loved it. It was authentic I'll definitely be back and recommend others!!" "Nice to see real Mexican food remains in the valley.  This food is excellent just like the food I grew up on over 30 years ago. Reasonably-priced  some not cleaned. The place wasn't crowded at 4pm yet we received poor service from a female server who obviously didn't want to be there. They should either do the fajitas right or take them off the menu! :-/"  ""MY FAVORITE"" Mexican restaurant in PHOENIX!!!!" The hot salsa they bring with chips is superb. I tried their chicharrones burro and machaca burro. Both were really good; especially the gree chili flavor the chicharrones had was awesome!"  Rositas Place in an absolute must stop while in town...without a doubt!"  they make them fresh to order too. I had been looking forward to trying Rositas for a long time based on the Yelp reviews. My mom ordered the chicken enchiladas and I ordered the machaca chimi both came with rice and beans. My mom enjoyed the enchiladas  this does not appear to be the place to go if you're looking for nutritious vegetables to accompany your entree."  chicken quesadillas & one other thing which I can't remember. I got the chicken enchilada mole platter. OMG! The best mole I've ever had. definitely hitting this place again before going back to Seattle!" If you are looking for the real deal Mexican food. This is the place. Just don't judge the book by its cover. Love it!! It's a very kid friendly environment. There's a waterfall near the entrance (with fish in it!). Service was okay. Could have been better Anyway what a beautiful culinary experience! The food was fresh and piping hot and FAST! I only ate about 3 chips looked up and my dinner was there! Huge portions  as most places only serve it on Saturdays! I ordered the menudo roja with pata (pig's feet) extra. The soup came out hot with a generous amount of tripe and hominy. It was initially not as spicy as I expected but that was easily remedied with provided spices Tie for favorite items are the shrimp chili rellano plate and the two ground beef and potato tacos. The taco shells  however was pretty tasty. I tried the horchata with booze... very sweet and delicious. Their margs are fairly standard Good food with horrible service there  just a bunch of stupid lazy slow dumb half retarded lady's that should not be in any position to serve anyone ever!!! Great food in a friendly place.  Neat history in the articles hanging around the restaurant which was founded in 1969:) "I have been coming here for years and today I decided it was time to write a review.  As usual it was great.  I swore i would try something different today however when our server arrived i decided to go with old faithful and again ordered Carnitas.  My coworkers order the Chile Relleno and a Burrito  normal enchiladas and clasic tostadas. They had great red salsa with it "I'm not sure if I came here on a bad night but the food was so bad! I ordered the two taco combination plate. The tacos were ""ground beef"" which I didn't mind until it looked like the nasty consistency of baby food mixed with whatever Jack in the box puts in the tacos. My husband ordered a bean chimichanga and the beans were so bland and the tortilla was soggy and not crispy at all. The rice was super bland and had no flavor. The salsa was weird. It had a strange smokiness to it which I wasn't expecting. Even the chips was bland! I'm not sure what the heck was going on tonight as my husband and I chose this restaurant to try based on Yelp reviews and pictures posted. The food was so bad that I can't even go back and give it another chance." Good was amazing as I had heard on here thanks guys. I got the chimichanga amazing in fact it was way to much I had to take the rest home. My girlfriend had ordered the menudo and she also thought it was very good just that they did not have any bread to go along with it. Now to the bad things as soon as I came in we had asked for a table the lady said to just sit there pointed and didn't bring any menus or even show us to our table. Our server granted she was slightly busy no more than a diner I think checked on us once. Overall 3 stars just because the front personel really did upset me  but I'm not sure it's worth the calories.  The meat inside my burro was burnt on some pieces so every bite had a strand or two of ""jerky"".  The flavor isn't terrible but how do you mess up tortilla and enchilada sauce right?  The burnt meat really cut into the enjoyment of my meal but also some pico de gallo or even just some onions/green onions would be nice to cut the heaviness of the dish." Price is acceptable and there are lots of parking spots." Had a bowl of menudo and it smelled and tasted nasty and our waitress was rude and chips were full of oil and salsa was old NEVER AGAIN WILL WE EAT THERE and now I am at home with a stomach barf...  the margaritas were great and the servings were very generous. Gets super busy on the weekend so prepare to wait."  Santa Cruz specifically. I was spoiled with fresh Mission Style Mexican food. This is the closest that has come to it. Their red salsa is amazing and reminds me of the salsa I enjoyed growing up. I ordered 2 red sauce Cheese Enchiladas with rice and beans. It's not as good as NorCal Mexican food but pretty close. It's the best authentic Mexican food I've had in Phoenix! I would've given 5 stars but they didn't bring me my chips right away and brought them right before I got my food." Live this place food is fantastic. Large portions.can't stay away.just keep coming back. Just had the BEST Abondega Soup! This place is the real deal. Just like Momma makes it at home. First place in AZ I'd give a thumbs up for their Mexican food. This is as classic and authentic as a Mexican restaurant you could hope to find.  The red and green salsas were filled with heat and flavor from the smallest amounts.  The dark mole on chicken enchiladas was outstanding.  Only 8 mins from the PHX airport so stop by during your next layover.  right? They serve Negro Modelo and the best Mexican food I've had in a very long time. I cannot recommend this culinary fix enough. Not that I'd move there but you Phoenixians are lucky to have this culinary treat and with such reasonable pricing." This place is always amazing best Mexican food Phoenix!  Homemade everything!  Chips are cooked fresh and are hot and crispy - both red and green salsa.  Absolutely delish!!  Micheladas - authentic homemade Mexican food and awesome drinks and friendly family environment!! Maybe dine-in would be a better way to experience Rosita's." Dad said I was right! We will never be going back!" I wouldn't mind paying $40 if the Pozole had been as good as the Menudo.  They'd have a better chance of my return business or recommendation to others if portions were larger. I had a difficult time tipping as much as 10% for the horrible service that came with bottomless bowl of attitude." Actually should be a 4.5  star rating.  Food is plenty and tasted great. Not to mention the portions and very reasonable pricing.  The giant Margaritas were not bad either. Will coming back soon.  just supposed to be scrambled but has more brown than the hashbrowns. Bacon was thrown in the deep fryer making a dry powdery product. I'll come back here when I'm hungover. I won't mind the mediocre food for the price they offer. Ok Worst service ever first time we went there was overcharged and bad service...thought we try it again had bad service...call speak with manager about being overcharged explained the situation...returns my call explains that I undercharged the second time I was there don't even talk about the first charges or the bad service....  What a great manager mother and daughter....don't fix the situation if there an owner like to speak with him ..the foods not all  that service sucks....don't mind paying for food and great service....long story short watch your tab ...then to end conversation I tell her that we just don't need to eat their if they can't explain my first charges. Her remark ok....I'll give your 15 cent  I wasn't feeling too good on the night we went so I decided to hold off on my yelp review and give them another chance - which I did 3 weeks later. I ordered a completely different dish and my review remains the same "Been eating here for over 20 years and plan on eating here for another 40!!!!  Love the tamales "Machaca burro enchilada style will fill you up for days.  Massive burrito at a cheap price.  Not the greatest chips n salsa (hot sauce is actually served)  definitely my second favorite place for authenic dine in mexican food and first favorite for menudo. Large menu selection and everything is good. I suggest you come as soon as they open to avoid long waiting times because the dining area is a bit small and cramped. Enjoy!"  carnitas plate. Also everything else."  both our food orders were wrong and what we did get was not flavorful (except by putting the green salsa on it).   Service was slow.  Disappointed."  food and prices are absolutely amazing! I love the green chili meal that comes with delicious rice and beans! The menudo is to die for and the chorizo is the best I've ever had! Give Rositas a try and it'll quickly become your favorite too!!" "Great Mexican food.  Both the tomatillos and hot salsa were very tasty.  The portions were huge!  The chorizo taco was wonderful.  The chicken burrito on the combo plate was a meal by itself No further explain is needed. This place is THE authentic Mexican restaurant. I felt like having a nice dinner in Mexico. The mole sauce was the best!!!! Menudo was unbelievable. Every single item I got in this restaurant was beyond my expectation. I wish I tried the Mexican bread pudding but after eating all the food I was too full. The salsa sauces are extremely hot! Flan was tasty. I wish they open another location in Boston. I love the food but the customer service sucks.  I would leave right now if I wasn't that hungryand didn't want to wait at another restaurant.  Smh Probably the best Mexican food I have had. Amazing. Not the best area but nice clean and great service. Food incredible  flavorful New Mexican style food! We are so picky on our Mexican and this was awesome. The green and red chile were both spicy yet packed with flavor. We couldn't get enough! The salsas are awesome! The pasole was perfect! Will be back for sure. Great service.  in a sketchy part of town though!" "Exceptional little place with authentic Mexican grinds. Beers I love love love rosita's!! Been here several times Never been disappointed...the red sauce cheese enchiladas are amazing!!  but we arrived  at 8:45pm looking to have a late dinner and was immediately greeted by a rude lady who suggested we order out food to go? I could sense she wanted no part of my family's need. Fuck you rositas and u mean old lady Rosita's is our family's favorite and must-go-to place whenever we are visiting in AZ. Their chips are served piping hot and just about everything we order is oh so good! My favorite is the chicken enchilada plate with mole sauce. Rosita place is a quaint little Mexican restaurant. The service is great and I've never tasted a better cheese enchilada in my life. All my family is coming in from back east and I'm taking them they're the best Mexican food I've ever put in my mouth!!!!  the waitress got our order wrong on my friend's dish.  The waitress was also difficult to find.  Perhaps she was very busy in the back.  They charge for chips and sauce on top of the burrito.  They kind of nickel and dime you.  You can't substitute items with combo platter choices Would have gave them 5 Stars their food is excellent but if you're in a hurry this is not the place for you servers are pretty slow Excellent food. Great ambiance and service.  Always has a crowd of people out front but don't let that discourage you. I was seated quickly. "I hate that I have to give this place only two stars because their food is great.. The reason why is because their service is terrible. We sat down for 20 minutes before the lady asked for our order and drinks at the same time. The only reason she came is because I had to ask another waitress to call her over to us. After giving us our drinks I've caught the reviewer bug! Service can be lacking at times. The food is top notch though. Their machaca chimichongas are to die for! The price is so reasonable. If you want great mexican food in a nice environment hWhVP-28LYP3llaMlAJ_JA "Flavor was actually pretty good. Not used to eating menudo with tortilla but it was pleasant. Lemonade had a very good flavor. Did not have to ask for a refill The food is delicious. No one has better white menudo or frijoles (refried beans)." "I am updating my previous review. You know it's great how the service has changed! It use to be that I would only go to Rosita once a year because I didn't care for the service over the years. Since then I have been back on a number of occasions and the service was great! The food was always great and now the service matches! My rating would be 5 stars for food always  following advice of others is not always good.  This place was a big let down. I was excited for a minute when I saw a full parking lot and small crowd inside but once the food arrived all I can do is smh.  The horchata was decent but that was the only positive about this meal unfortunately. The service was also non existent Would return if I'm in the area with set expectations." I love this restaurant. It is a hole in the wall and yes they charge for chips but the food is excellent. Worth the drive since it's not super close by. Customer service is always wonderful and o always enjoy eating at Rositas. Do yourself the favor of a Rosita's visit."  I am extremely selective with Mexican Restaurants and won't eat at most. But this one happened to be down the street and I decided to check it out. It truly felt like I was back home. Be careful with the salsa they put on the tacos! On a scale from 1-10 it was an 11 in the level of spicy. If you can't handle spicy I would recommend to ask for no salsa or ask for it on the side. The green one tends to be more spicy than the red one. The only reason I don't give it a 5star was the restrooms weren't very well maintained. Other than that I'd recommend this place to anyone!"  white person it might pack a wee bit of a wallop.  It must be authentic style salsa.  I've noticed that some places serve salsa that has a very earthy or natural taste (maybe even bitter).  I'm not sure if that's the best way to describe it but it's almost as if hot peppers were blended or pureed with nothing added.  Bottom line PS - their red salsa will burn a hole in your tongue.  If you treat it gingerly  and it's almost always dead... this is pretty much the entire reason I like it. We can come here without seeing a soul we know  you can actually catch a bus to Jaurez from their parking lot as the local scary bus to Mexico departs from the depot next door. That is pretty hot too."  but I wouldn't rank it up there with the best.  It needed more flavor and definitely more spice.  Adding the salsa for the chips made it a little more enjoyable.  The rice to me was disappointing.  Mexican rice should be juicy and fluffy Shout out to Danny S for recommending! TY!!"  except for the food.....delicious! i love the tacos durados (fried tacos-chicken) and their rice is just like mama makes it. the photos below do not do the food justice. don't go during lunch unitl after 1pm or you'll have slow service BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN THE VALLEY!!!  hands down." i'm glad i was wrong." the tacos at Tacos De Juarez will soon refer to me as the Chalupacabre."  my friend gave me one of her tacos as she could not finish her plate. They have various Mexican beers and Bud Light available and it was served very cold with a frosty glass and a lemon slice. They also have Mexican bottled sodas in real glass bottles. We left stuffed and very happy.  I will definitly be back!!"  mainly because it looked like such a dump and was located next to a bus stop.  I finally stopped in a couple months ago and it was... really tasty!  Don't let the shack-like appearance of this place fool you - it's damn good mexican food.  Best I've had in the Downtown area actually.  I definitely recommend the ""gorditas I had the chimichanga with beef machaca. So freaking good. Probably the best chimi I've ever had next to Rito's  another one on my list of favorite places to retox after I've detoxed!" Good food. Huge portions. Excellent service. Mostly under 8 bucks. Definitely worth going to. Don't let the structure fool you. The inside is much nicer." We've had everything better somewhere else  what are you doing still reading this?  Don't stand on ceremony here people...run don't walk to this one!!" This will absolutely be added to the Mexican Food Lunch rotation!!"  but I'm not going to drive from the E. Valley to go here.  Bonus points for having 7-Up in a bottle I will absolutely add Tacos De Juarez to my list of good & cheap restaurants.  And having been in the El Paso/Juarez area recently I can say that even though the neighborhood immediately surrounding Tacos De Juarez looks a little sketchy it is not.  For example there were no poor souls executed and left hanging from a chain link fence here as there was a couple weeks ago along the border."  swear. It had the word ""costumers"" and I asked them if I could escribe them a nuevo signo. They let me. I've got a little fame here." If you're truly after Mexican food that is simple  but the food is very good.  It was good to go here after a baseball game to avoid the traffic (careful Beans were great tho.  Worth the trip alone."  this is simple classic homemade Mexican food I'm excited to go back to this place and ask for a recommendation. I have a feeling that I will find something here that will keep me coming back again and again."  it's definitely a place to try at least once to gauge against others."  my mouth occasionally waters thinking about them (like now).  This is a great spot for cheap authentic Mexican to go food.  This review is more for my friends.  If you're hanging around Roosevelt or Co+Hoots  that is not a problem. I had a basic burro and enchilada combo that was extremely good. It even came with a small iceberg lettuce salad with thousand island that tasted like the best part of a Big Mac. My sister tried the machaca chimichanga and was glad she did. She reported that it was the best she has had in years. Additionally This trip I did the 2 crunchy tacos lunch special. They had already provided my chips and salsa even before I ordered. Both salsas were just as good as always. I was in and out in under an hour."  and they knew just how to slide me over to their side... in the great dining debate of Guy Fawkes day 2010... we decided to set a little fire to our taste buds at Tacos De Juarez.  The fact that they serve beer "The food is fresh here. The quality and taste is consistent. The service is nice and polite even though a couple of the servers don't speak much English. The building is a trip -  the outside looks like a doublewide trailer on a foundation  head to Las Glorias south of Northern on 19th Avenue.  Better value If you are on McDowell heading down towards the arena to take in a Suns game  single female and felt totally safe.  It's open 7 days a week."  make this your go to place.  we enjoyed great food and service. decor is rustic  although I didnt get to finish it all myself because I decided to share with my sister...yeah I know..snooze you loose cgNIBHS2mLdbTRiodAT6EQ  and so is their horchata. My dad gets the shrimp tostadas and menudo and enjoys is every time. Price for all the food you get is not bad at all. If you're in the downtown area and really want some good Mexican food  but easily forgettable. I can't think of a reason to dine here again considering the caliber of restaurants in the area." Next time I'll try some take out since I really enjoyed the food."  however the beef lacked flavor and was cooked a bit tough.  The horchata is some of the best I've had in Phoenix.  I'll have to go back and try the sit-down experience for a more complete review." Best menudo in town. Great salsa. I've only eaten the menudo because it's so good that I haven't wanted to order anything else.  and with all the good options in town for excellent Mexican food  but the salsa was incredibly bland.  It tasted like plain tomato sauce.  I ordered the #2 combination: a hard taco and 2 cheese enchiladas.  The hard taco was a fatty One thing:  the salsas are HOT! I cannot eat them out the jar even after all this time. You've been warned:-)" Y1PelgD3NvDHNoFuSM4aMA  which was relatively bland and uninspired compared to some of what I've eaten even at some nondescript roadside taco joints in Arizona. The breakfast burrito was particularly boring. I think I could have made a better one myself. I really hate to be all negative  I have discovered; it is a diamond.  The food is absolutely amazing! The tacos have shells that are prepared in house  the food is very traditional mexican food. Great place for Tacos and breakfast burritos. I recommend the Churrizo con Huevos & frijoles."  hand carved furniture.  I had the enchilada and shredded beef taco lunch combo.  Also had guacamole on the side.  It was good but not outstanding We ate everything. Great food and don't let the skull painting outside scare you. It's supposed to only scare gringos.  which made for a most-delicious meal. The reason it didn't receive 5 stars is that my wife had the carne asada burrito These kind of restaurants are why I'm happy to be a Phoenician." We were craving authentic breakfast burritos. This place was perfect. The chorizo  was magnificent. Mmmmm. I'll be coming back. The service was a little slow but the restaurant was very busy with a large lunch crowd so maybe that had something to do with it.  The food more than makes up for it."  but they lose a star because they did not deshell any of the shrimp. Not nice......" Give them a try. You won't be disappointed."  haven't had Mexican food like that in a long time. I'll be back probably way too often. Highly recommended." Service is prompt and gracious and they appreciate their customers.  Great place  good food. Husband said it tasted like the food his grandmother used to make. I had the green chili burrito The sign on the door says they close at 9 pm. The hours posted on Yelp says they close at 9 pm and we get there at 8:30 and the doors are not locked. We go inside and the the lady mopping the floor tells us they are closed. This was extremely disappointing since we had driven from Glendale to eat there. Unfortunately we will not be returning and we will not recommend this restaurant to anyone ever again. Because they chose to waste my time I will go out of my way to share my experience with anyone willing to listen.  but will not go at the same time..." "We live in Old Town and have been on several occasions over the last month. Great happy hour with freshly made guacamole. I guess the management listened to your reviews because the servers have been readily available and happy to help. The cheese enchiladas are delicious and the menu has many taco choices. Wish they had beer on tap  our server was Jose. The food is really delicious. I had shrimp guisado tacos  authentic Mexican food that doesn't disappoint. Their red table salsa is picosa (hot) and tastes great on any dish you try Ordered the Mexican Steak......very good.  Will go back and the chairs will keep your posture in a perfect L.....you have no choice but to not slouch. cgNIBHS2mLdbTRiodAT6EQ I really enjoyed both the food and atmosphere at this place. This place felt authentic and comforting. The staff and even the customers are all Mexican.... Except for me "Used yelp t ok  find a Mexican breakfast before jumping on a plane. Soooooo glad i found this place.  I'm from So Cal where their is no shortage of great hole in the wall mexicannplaces  and did not inform me it was cash pay only. I went in at 1:30 in the afternoon and waited in line for over 15 minutes only to get to the front and was told they couldn't take my card  cheese and pico de gallo was delicious.  The meat was great.  Not the usual smothered with liquid.  Was delicious!  Will be back again...  I ordered to go."  but was expensive for what you get. Worth checking out if you are in the area." "I thought this place was ok. I thought it was a taco shop but they have other small selections. It is very small. The waitress took a while to serve us and didn't even bother coming around asking if ""everything is ok.""  If customer service was a bit better I would have given them 4 stars."  and the cheese enchilada was to die for. I give the rice and refried beans two big thumbs up. My bf had the chille reanos  hot and fresh. The salsa was spicier than I was expecting and it is good! Portions are good sized and the beans and thrice are on point. I wish there had been some music playing to add to the ambiance. Overall great place and will come again." "Typically on first Fridays this is my first stop. They seriously have the best Micheladas EVER! they totally satisfy my craving for them! I love their Menudo as well  and the ambiance was kind of stale and weird." I don't think I've actually ordered a Churro before.  Nom nom -love me some cinnamon." "Bought take out lunch was like warm and pricey..Use to be good don't know what went wrong   beans and rice I had were far from steller!  I wasn't real impressed!  Way better choices in the Downtown Phoenix area!" "Great little hole in the wall Mexican food!  I had their chicken tacos  and the salsas that come with chips before the meals ALSO lacked flavor and salt. people! a proper salsa has ROASTED chilis! this looks like its from a can. who knows. i was so disappointed but ate my food like i was taught to do ;("  hot food freshly prepared. Everything was tasty and the spices helped bring it all together. I recommend trying their dishes and experiencing the ambivalence of this establishment."  I will update my review as I try more items and interact with the carryout system. With a few tweaks I think this could be a really serious relationship for me."  and I've been converted to a lifelong patron. My overall experience has been wonderful. The server was super kind and accommodated my vegetarian request. The kitchen made me two incredible veggie tacos complete with a side of rice. The salsas are wonderfully flavorful and spicy. This is the best of everything: local  but these are some of the best. I would especially recommend if you are in the mood for traditional We probably will come back but it really wasn't a experience that wow me enough to say I will for sure." I hope I haven't given it away and blown the secret of Rito's by Yelping it...I love the fact that there isn't a sign  and have just been the happy recipient of takeout.  Some of my fellow coworkers made it fairly clear that unless you're Mexican  but whatever it is. It's magically delicious...." This by far is the most over rated green chile Ive ever has the displeasure of waiting an hour for! There are FAR better places in the valley that serve better green chile.. the tortillas however were awesome enough to go back for though with the lines of people I wouldn't even bother. Guacamole Tacos. Green Chili Burritos. Literally the only two items you'll ever need to eat again. Every time I'm back home I have to go here. Do yourself a favor and make the trip.  especially the burros with chile verde and the chimichangas with red sauce. The tacos were great too. We sat outside and it took a while to get the food I think they could get by with limiting the menu exclusively to their green chili burro and still have people standing in line at 10:30 on a Wednesday morning - like it was when I was there!"  with some picnic tables on the side of the house) since he was a kid growing up in that neighborhood." My favorite: the red mix burro enchilada style.... just typing that phrase makes my jaw shudder hannibal lecter style."  Tx & I know well done Mexican food. Rito's is the closest I've found to the real deal here in Phoenix & I've checked out over 25 places here in the sun valley!  Have the green chili burro served enchilada style." "I had the pleasure of enjoying their anniversary special for a few precious days--Tacos were back briefly! Too late now Harder to get to now that I've moved out of the hood  just get the green on green with a taco on the side and watch the hood life unfold.""  He was CORRECT!  This place is in the hood and they open at 10:30am for lunch.  The lines get long at about 11am.  They have a video game from the 80s while you wait. They serve drinks in THE CAN so I would suggest getting a 32oz thirstbuster beforehand.  If you go in the summer No frills. No convenience. No BS. Great food." Bring cash. Be patient. I'd give five stars if they were open later. I've never seen them open on weekends. Anyone know if I'm going at the wrong time?"  this is an important aspect) and provides enough flavor and kick to compliment the beany goodness inside. After going there 3 times in one week  No sign on the building. Sometimes you have to arm-wrestle a junk-yard dog for a place to sit but its worth it."  the warning about scalding food & soupy burrito are right on. Ended up with a bunch of scalding green chili in my lap my first visit."  the best course of action is to remember the three second rule and quickly lick up all the broth on your hands worth waiting in line." P.S. Word on the street is they occasionally make tacos. If anyone wants to tip me off on taco day  and have a nice relaxing lunch on the patio at the benches. Even the hot-ass 103F plus sun didn't seem to faze me until I was walking back to the car... A PHX favorite. Who says we don't have culture in the Valley??? Oh yeah Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA  but in case you missted it Rito's is Cash Only." "This place is great. Everyone knows that the best mexican food can either be found in businesses located inside of a strip mall or an old house. They stick to what they know Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA  but I didn't really enjoy it and almost didn't want to finish it. I told my friends this and they disowned and vowed to never talk to me again. I decided I better try to save my friendships and make sure my taste buds didn't die or something so I went to Carolinas the next day and their food was amazing as usual. So apparently something is wrong with me because I don't think Ritos is the greatest ever and now my friends won't ever talk to me again. I might go back to try Ritos again someday  order anything ""enchilada style"" and you will not be disappointed. Great food  but if your lucky! they do have them call before you go! Some outside seating (picnic tables) no seating inside. Take away only.They also have another location!!! Yea! In a strip mall on 51 ave & orangewood. They do serve ""tacos"" at this location!" Red burro enchilada style with rice and a Diet Coke. Eat it out on the patio with the stray dogs. I love it. Ok so one warning they do not accept anything accept cash. both the red and green burritos are amazing the tenderness of the meat shows they take time making it. The menu is small and straight forward seating is all outside. Place can be hard to find for the first timer so watch for a red brick building with metal security doors at 15th St. Garfield. Now I'm craving it...haha oh one more thing its only open for lunch.  I'm sure one of the many reasons why people keep coming back to Rito's. I know I will be!" Delicious!!!! Get either the Red or Green chili burro Enchilada style.... and get some extra sauce too..... Most people seem to go after the green chili with red sauce.... I kind of liked the red chilli a little better... both spectacular!! If you're looking for authentic Mexican  this is so good. But everything is full of lard.  I leave here every time with a huge stomach and go home and take a nap for a few hours afterwards.   But so so good." Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA If you go to phoenix and want awesome take-out mexican food; this is the spot." Eat delicious food - lose weight. Nothing better." Edit: I went back yesterday with the mom and we got a green chili burrito enchilada style. Couldn't resist. This time we ate outside. And it was yummy" Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA Family owned and operated this little gem is worth the weight (and wait) in gold. Just don't forget...cash only!" At least go try it once If only they would step up their game and offer fountain drinks- that would be great. Cans of soda do not help during hot summer months." Ritos 101 - Green or red chili burro  stick with your local tacobell/pizzahut/kentuckyfriedchicken drive thru in anthem." "This place has central phoenix written all over it. I've ate her a few times and both times it has been delicious. It's just one of those places where you can just feel the ""Phoenician"" in. Personally  but I don't see all the hype.  Am I just spoiled by LA Mexican food?  Perhaps." Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA Suggestion - at least be open even for just a little bit on Saturday or Sunday...pretty please?!" Thank you Yelp! Once again you succeeded in helping me find a really great place to eat!" I was pleased. It was ""A-OK."" I'd go back. Just probably not devil-may-care on a work day."  and the place is definitely authentic but that doesn't always automatically put it in the awesome category." Despite all of that though there is always a crowd at this neighborhood spot...and you will see people from all walks of life there for lunch every single day. Now noticed i said lunch because they only stay open to about 4pm and then they are ghost folks...LOL. So i have to say if you want authentic Mexican food and don't mind going to the ""hood"" to get it...it will be the best 8 bucks you ever spent on Mexican food...at least that's what my wife thinks...LOL. Eat  i would like to know what green chili they do like??  or are they just not into green chili?  any afficiondo will tell you this is as good as it gets.  we prefer to keep it naked  and sweethearts behingd the counter make for an even better experience!"  and there's only crappy picnic table seating. But I still think the positives outweigh these significant gripes  and bringing them back to my freezer for emergencies.  I LOVE this place.  This is real Mexican food.  They serve salad with the Mexican food here in the bay.  If this place opened up on Geary in SF Definitely worth a try if you enjoy mexican food.  My only other complaint is that they close early (4pm  especially when I learned about the original from here.  Enjoy!" Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA  very inexpensive.  A restarurant that charges more than $3 bucks is making a huge amount of profit on their dishes."  but there was wayyy too much of it with no chips to eat it with? SHAME on them for no chips and salsa!!!!! For $8 there was very little amount of beef inside swimming in green chile sauce-How did they get all that green chile sauce to stay in there!? We ate it on the picnic tables outside in the 107 degree heat while we got bitten by ants.  It's a pretty sketchy neighborhood  it taste like the home made sauce that mom would use when making the Christmas tamales. Wow! pure heaven." "the sun shines again when i eat a rito's green chili burrito Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA  so you feel quite disconnected to the staff the whole time. I also couldn't find the bathroom to wash my hands after my messy food Was my first time eating at Rito's. I knew that I wanted the Chimi-Enchilada Style. My friend suggested I do the Red. I have no idea what the difference is. We ordered a side of rice and my friend suggested to pour the rice in the container over the sauce. It was very delicious. I am all for dives but this place was not the best set-up for eating in so we took the food to a park and ate it. The crowd is a nice mostly working class lot's of utility type workers. They only take cash and the drinks are canned but cold. Very simple limited menu but it is good.  but you have to go with the GREEN chili burrito first if it's your first time. I never get anything else now." I think Rito's is overpriced for what you get. The burritos look huge because they use an over sized tortilla that hides the tiny amount of meat they use so most bites are filled with tortilla not meat. If the green chile burrito I ordered was filled with meat then maybe it would be worth $8. The beans were above average and I thought their salsa was amazing even though they charge 25 cents for two tablespoons of it. I expected to be blown away by the food here but it tasted just like the food I grew up eating. It made me want to hug my mom :) Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA "This is another place I have been eating at my whole life.  I've know of Rito's since I was a 4 years old. I'm 31 now. Everyone in my family is hooked on this place. I even got my wife and her family hooked.  I've have never had a better bean and cheese "Rito's Mexican food is as good as it gets. Literally ""hole in the wall"" kind of place. Everything made is fresh and made to order. The bean burrito enchilada style is what I always get and it's awesome. When they have tacos ...Although the staff all look/act like they're employed against their will... that's the only bad thing I can say about this place. Delicioso!" To give you an idea of how much my honey and I love this place... I am 6 months prego with our first child This place used to be really good. They made the best tacos (which they don't make anymore) and green chili. The green chili has gone down hill you can tell they are cutting corners. They have raised their prices which is completely unjustified due to the quality going down. This place has now become nothing more than an eye sore and nuisance to the local neighborhood. Close your doors and move on.  or green chili.  You probably cant go wrong with anything here since this place has obviously been open here forever and the service is OK but that is how it goes with authentic Mexican food places.  I'll go back soon...."  quality that you don't find many places.  If you happen to come on a day that they are making tacos too you have to try them!"  and I beg that they never ever change!  The tortillas that they wrap them in are heavy duty and freshly made and ever plentiful! There is nothing more original than these and nothing quite like them in the rest of the Valley! Hallelujah Oh and the counter help is pretty easy on the eyes to.... And they laugh at my jokes so hey Best food ever!!!  Just need tacos back.  I have been eating here since 1982 and have been a loyal customer ever since.  Best beans and green chili in town!  2010 - The last time I had the pleasure of stuffing my face with a green chili burrito from this little restaurant-equivalency of an orgasm. The following day I was off to California "This place confirms why ""hole in the wall"" places are the best places to get food. Its virtually impossible to find the place but once you smell the aroma of home-cooked Mexican food I ordered the bean and cheese chimi enchilada style. I can say that the enchilada sauce was really yummy! I wish i could have finished it all but it was HUGE!! it is a good lunch spot but definitely order ahead because the wait is pretty long. If it is convenient I would probably come again but wouldn't go out of my way to eat here."  but noon is when its really busy lot of Good Sam employees will go there so there will be a big line It's what they say: a culinary experience that is unique and goooooood and in the 'hood. OMG these burritos are amazing. We were just about to return our rental car at the Phoenix Airport  and I was trying to find a place nearby to stop for food before hitting the airport. Thank you Yelpers for recommending such a great place!! I ordered the Red Chili Burrito with the tortilla warmed on the grill giving it a great texture with a red chili sauce with carne on the inside. This did not disappoint and I might return back to the Phoenix Airport just to go get another burrito. Remember this is a cash only place!  because a sign inside announced that they'll be closed all week for ""spring break.""" I think it's the novelty of the location that makes people like it more than they should. I too love the hole in the wall aspect of it.  Tucked in a side street "Best little Mexican place in Phoenix!  The chimis and burros and everything I have ever eaten here is amazing!  it's in the back of a house in the 'hood "Most of the time its real busy but worth the wait. Green and bean mix burrito and a side of rice is the route i usually go. Beans are real runny which i like but some might not. Semi spicy food but ok for me P.S. I will going back tomorrow for a chimichanga :)" "Best green chili burrito in AZ!  I always get the green chili mixed with beans inside a burrito.  Typically I take around 5 bites "The BEST Mexican food in the Valley.Hands down.nothing fancy not even a spot to sit and eat indoors but if your looking for Sonoran-style Mexican food this is THE spot great green chile Seriously best whole in the wall Mexican food! The menu is simple and they perfect everything on it. I highly recommend the green chili burrito. Careful it's addicting.  which may not sound good but it really is.  Their menu may vary from week-to-week but their awesome Green Burros is always on the menu so I'm happy.  No indoor seating which is the only thing I hold against Rito's.  Great for picking up and eating somewhere else." Worst Mexican disaster to hit planet mid town. Sloppy burrito fold gooey cheese processed beans. Restaurant unauthentic. Unfriendly staff.  but this time I didn't and there is so much sauce inside I was happy with it as it was. I don't think I'd go really far out of my way to eat here  but that's why the place is famous for its simple salty/greasy food.  I have had better for the same or less $$ and for a much better atmosphere...that place is making a killing they could have maybe some more shaded cheap/vintage seating a sign a mural something...give the place a little character and I can maybe feel better about spending my hard earned $$ there.  Anyway not my most favorable review but I think Rito's has taken their fame to their head and caters to the foodies/downtown administrative crowd vs. the working class and neighborhood area peeps." Fantastic red chili burro enchilada style with rice and beans. New seats outside. I bring all my friends and they love it. No inside seating so mid summer is rough. I'll definitely be returning....just maybe with my gun next time. Haha jk"  I focused my attention on the rice and bean chimichanga. The chimichanga was in a aluminum container and it was a decent size. My dad and I opened up the plastic lid to see an evenly surfaced chimichanga. A chimichanga is a deep fried burrito that is covered in melted cheeses and topped with sour cream. The dish consisted of three mini chimichangas and was layered on top with melted cheese In a nutshell visit Rito's if you appreciate some tasty green chile and have lots of time to spare and patience to endure the long line and longer wait. I would recommend going early or late to avoid the lunch rush."  so if you have exact change that is even better. And there is no seating inside. I think they have a few tables on a patio outside Every time I am in town I have to have a green chile burrito and Rito's is the only place to get it. I drive from Utah to PHX only for this. It is the best of the best. Debating moving to Phoenix solely for Rito's burritos. I'm not kidding. I love the green burrito!! The meat is never fatty always lean.  with a small menu and a daily special.  As many have said before They do have the best HOT smothered green chili burrito in Phoenix! The chicken tacos are also to die for! I would give these ladies 10 stars if I could!  There is simply nothing better in life than a Rito's green burrito. I've been going there for 25+ years - consistently AWESOME! "The food is over priced. The restaurant has no place to sit indoors.  The exteror tables aren't even covered by a shade structure to protect you during the middle of the day when they are open.  They have limited hours. The food its self its okay  no indoor seating and competition for shaded seating on the half-dozen picnic tables of the back patio in this residential neighborhood. Expect the line to be out the door and you are probably going to have to wait a minute to get your lunch; because this is the best damn hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint in the valley. If you have a tourist and want to really give them the Barrio Burrito experience I have only been here once but I have been dreaming of them ever since. It is real home cooking with care. My favorite downtown place for Mexican food! The guacamole tostada and red chili burro enchilada style are both absolutely delicious.  these are Nana's (homemade grandma) meals. Cash only  Green Enchillada style (ask for Green on Green). Taco's are incredible but no way way add that with the Green on Green without someone rolling you back to the car! I've been to Carolina's and it tastes good Love the food in here and cannot to get back and have some more authentic Mexican food. "Can you say burrito? Can you say waiting in line to taste the green chili yumminess is TOTALLY worth it? YES!! It's a hole in the wall in the middle of a neighborhood "I haven't been to Ritos in ages but I had to try my favs..red mix enchilada style with a side of rice and beans! The beans are the best in town! So flavorful! Red chili is spicy but not overwhelming. The rice is tasty all by itself but mix it with their hot sauce and you'll have a party in your mouth! I ordered two beef tacos..two words So if you are in the valley of the sun and aren't an ambiance snob... give Rito's a try. You can't go wrong!"  because I can smell it while I sit waiting for mine to get done."  but that has not stopped my veggie friend from still eating eating it.  She just picks out any chicken in the sauce she sees! ha ha  That is how much she likes it!" "Got the red and green burritos with beef.  Both were AMAZING!  The beef was really tender and the sauces were perfect.  The red is more of a spicy sauce and the green is more salty.  I don't know which I love more  it is my favorite. I recommend it to everyone looking for some great Mexican food." I had the green chili enchilada style with rice and beans.... oh my heck.... so delicious.  Lots of great mexican food in Arizona!  as I've heard they only took cash in the past. Parking is tricky and it is wicked busy during lunch time.... But well worth the wait! I enjoyed their bean/cheese burrito with red sauce and a shredded beef taco. So Legit!"  even after I had done the initial scouting and was waiting to develop an appetite for the awesomeness I was promised. I love that the menu is short and sweet and the food almost overwhelming -- both unassuming and carefully prepared in jumbo size. It was just about all I had hoped for  there is limited outdoor seating and parking might be an issue."  but Rito's beats it hands down.  I went for the Green Chile Burrito Enchilada Style (I meant to specify green sauce but I didn't so it came with red) and it was amazing.  I can't wait to try it again with the green sauce.  My friend ordered two shredded beef tacos...and wow.  You can't go wrong here." They have the best green wet burrito I've ever had wish there was one in northern California! "you can quit searching for the best burritos and tacos in Phoenix!!!   they are right here at Rito's. they dont advertise Rito's! U guys rock! U like Mexican food? Then this is the authentic place in Phoenix that you will come back to over and over again. Now if they just had a shaded seating area with misters it would be a 5 star rating in my book. Plan on waiting a little bit since its a real hot spot for everyone around lunch time."  we kept dodging the neighborhood bee who kept stopping by at our table since we had open can sodas. Maybe next time we'll be smart like the other table sitting next to us and bring our own sodas  not one person in town beats their green chile. The beans are delicious.  Must try!"  but it ended up just stuffing us until we couldn't breath. That taco was really good too! It seemed like they freshly fried the taco shell and they were very generous with the beef! Next time we will definitely be satisfied with just the enchilada style burrito to share since it was mighty large. Can't wait to come back for more!!"  I have to say that Ritos is hands down my favorite Mexican food place. I always order the green Chile burrito enchilada style with a side of rice and die and go to Heaven every time! I have also had their beef tacos with guacamole and the meat is so tender and juicy  I really liked it! The food was fresh and very affordable. Probably one of the better values I've come across in quite a while. My one word of advice is to make sure to give yourself time for getting your food. The place gets busy and can take a while to place your order and get your food." The menu is confusing and the cashier didn't really explain things well either. My food took 30 minutes to get and that was after waiting in line for 10-15 minutes in their non-air-conditioned building. The food was good but average and quite a lot of excess tortilla compared to the amount of filling Now I have calorie regret and an unhappy stomach."  too! Get the green chili burrito mixed with beans enchilada style...trust me..it was a great suggestion .passed on to me."  I can't even imagine how busy it gets during the work week.  Next time I come here I'll try to call ahead and maybe give the chimichangas a whirl.  Would certainly recommend this spot if you're in the neighborhood.  And if you're still hungry after eating one of their burritos  are that the green burritos are twice as much as the red ones because they are so popular. I personally think that this is ridiculous  and I will be going back to this place again soon!!! If you're looking for authentic green chili you will not be disappointed going to this place!!!" Best green burritos.  Love their beams and rice also. This is a takeout.  Cash only ta o's are also good it is worth the drive .Place has been around for 40 years  try them  so I thought I'd give it a try. I'm so glad I did! It's a hole in the wall(those are always the best!). It's crowded  with people waiting for their order. It's not a typical sit down place. You order at the window One of my favorite spots. Wish they had indoor seating though. The rice is sensational. I also like the tostadas and green chili burritos. Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA Xo9Im4LmIhQrzJcO4R3ZbA  but this is my review based on what I sampled.  There is just nothing redeeming to explain the level of loyalty this location garners.  There is no indoor seating;  you cant eat outdoors on the provided plastic picnic table on a sunny day without risking a skin burn!.  On the inside you face a server who takes your order from behind a grill; there are at most 4-5 plastic chairs to sit on while you wait.  Reminds me of a traditional western jailhouse except someone is actually taking food orders." My sister we would pick up has now passed. Towards the end of her battle with cancer all she wished for was a burrito from Rito's. I live in California currently and no other place has held a candle to Rito's in my heart. Because of the wonderful childhood memories I have of this place and for always being so friendly and being consistently good I give Rito's 5 stars and a heart. My sister I'm sure would agree" I am so happy that they are open now on saturday. After golfing we stopped by to get their famous green chili burritos .they were nice and hot .The green chili sauce spicy and lots of green chilis.the meat was  plentiful and the extra sauce went well with their Spanish rice. Their refried beans are the best in town.thank you  it's served hot. The salsa has a great flavor and is chilled enough to meld perfectly with the hot food. I'm so happy this place exists in my neighborhood." The best Mexican food in Phoenix. The best green chile Burros and the best guacamole tacos ever!  Mrs. Had a taco & tostada.  Both thought was very delicious. Reminded me of Mr. Gs/Chili Peppers down in Yuma. Outside seating only but is covered by umbrellas.  friendly staff. Will be back!" The beans - kind of half mashed - are nice seasoned as well and make an excellent side." Anybody visiting Phoenix or living there who has not tried this place Ritos has great food but beware about eating on their patio. I have been waiting for cooler temps. To enjoy the food w/out driving back to the office. We got our food and went to the patio as soon we opened our food we started getting attacked by flies. Yes you expect a fly or two when eating outside but there were a least half a dozen buzzing our food and table.    The problem they don't have covers on there trash cans. Above the cans were swarms of flys. Disgusting. Best green and red chili in town. Wonderful tortillas and fun place to go when the weather is not blazing hot. Have only patio seating. Did I mention the beans also the best  in town. Only open for lunch. I cant believe it took 1hr and 45min to get my food i was disappointed when i got my enchiladas only 4 or five pieces of meat. My first time vwry disappointed. I wanted red chile burrows all they had was green mostly beans I have been going here for over 20 years and it never disappoints. I always get a bean burro enchilada style and a taco. I think eating it out of a tin pan adds to the experience. They have the best beans and best red enchilada sauce I have ever tasted hands down. I live in southeast gilbert and make the trek at least once a month. Worth every mile driven. I wish they'd open one on the east side.  get their food before me. REDIC! I suspect that they didn't even start making it till I showed up. I gave it 2 stars for lack of process. Food is 3 stars..."   it's almost like a good pizza combined with the tasty red sauce.  I have tasted some of the other dishes like the tacos which are very good but I wish those were bigger.  I just crave more.  Thts why I always go back to the green burro enchilada style.  It fills u up and it's damn good.  And they finally went plastic.  I have been waiting for that to happen for years making Pete's Fish & Chips the last place tht only takes cash. Lol.  So go eat at Ritos and experience this place for yourself." "My husband heard about Rito's through a news report and we decided to check it out for lunch earlier this week.  You certainly need to know about this place because it doesn't have much drive by appeal.   Make sure to get here early as a line forms throughout lunch for this tasty food.   Friendly staff  the food is pretty legit authentic Mexican dripping with verde sauce and covered with cheese.  If you're looking for Mexi-comfort Why the hell hasn't Guy Fieri put this place on DDD?!"  rice and beans and I think I finally found the best enchilada in town.  Careful  this is the place to go. I can see how it would get really uncomfortable in the summertime  over 25 years ago!  This is THE BEST Mexican food I've ever had.  I look forward to having my 'fix' whenever I am in Phoenix." The menu is simple and the portions are huge! Be prepared for a line out the door. They are no longer cash only! They now accepting credit cards . Don't go close to their closing . They were extremely busy. Try mixing the green burro with beans for those who do not like it that spicy.  They have the best refried beans . Also try their tacos  one of the best burritos ever. My personal favorite is the green chile with beef and beans Green chili burros to die for. Best tacos in town! I'm also very partial to the red mixed burro deep fried!! Very worth the wait! Pretty much everything here is to die for." My husband and I moved to the valley 3 months ago from San Diego. We have been on a mission to find good tacos to replace some of the best we've ever had in socal. Not only are these good.... but we both agree they are BETTER than san diego!!!! WE HAVE FOUND IT FINALLY!!!!!! This place was delicious...I got a green chili burrito enchilada style with rice and beans...The chili was homemade and not from a can...One of the BEST burrito's I have had in a very long time...Will definitely go back. Green chile burro was great.  Going back for certain.  so I'm only giving 4 stars." This place is the place to go for some hearty Mexican food for lunch! You go inside the house and order and take out or eat outside. There is a wait time but be patient because it is totally worth it. I have only ever had the enchilada style beef green chile  and  beef red chile burritos and they are so scrumptious! James V. Green chilli burrito one of the best I have ever had. I flip homes and was called to do one 5 homes down so one day I went ordered green chilli burrito and went back everyday until job was done and continue to go every chance I get. 3) The best option out of them all ENJOY!!" You will wait a while. Especially if you go around lunch time. However we think its worth it all." Just touched down in Phoenix from NYC looking to satisfy my authentic Mexican food kick. Mission Accomplished.  I ordered the red chile burrito w/beans enchilada-style and it was everything I hoped for and more. I'm updating to five stars because riots has the best enchiladas I've ever eaten. Best beef and guac tacos. Excellent hot sauce. If you aren't eating here I'm sorry for you:(" I'm already thinking about going back Saturday. Only at 10am instead of 1pm. Maybe it won't be so bad??" Best refried beans! Love there crispy shell beef tacos! This small hole in the wall gets very busy and very crowded but well worth the wait! The place was nice for taking place in the middle of the hood.  I thought mi abuela was going take my order. Hence 3 stars instead of 2." So we got here at 10 on a Saturday morning when they opened and still waited 25min for our food.... But holy moly it's worth the wait.. The freeking green chili burrito is just insane.. You could drink the sauce inside.  Cheap to boot!!  Do not miss this place no matter what! I lived in phx for 40 years. This place is simply the best in phx. Calling your order in advance is a must.  up there with the best Mexican stands in a town that competes for the best in that category anywhere. Rito's has a loyal following who are inured to the hardships of no parking FYI - I am typing this as I am at Rito's waiting for my order. Looks like my orders up The burro with green sauce and rice & beans is amazing.  Ive been coming here for the last 10 years+ "Only one word to describe this place: AMAZING. I look forward to eating here every time I come to Arizona. The green chili burrito  but it's well worth searching out. Extremely affordable food and drinks and The tacos are the best & their guacamole is to die for!!!  Get there early or place an order prior the arriving. They must handmade their tortillas because the shell on these things are phenomenal. Light and crisp "Amazing. Best Mexican food I've ever had. Green Chile Burro with beans is to die for. Most people recommend it enchilada style  green chili and tacos EVER! The enchilada style is never enough sauce for me so I pay the extra $1 for more sauce!"  nothing can beat this for me. I was always go with a classic bean burrito but my dad always gets the red chile burrito. You can not go wrong with this menu!  Amazing! Delicious!" "Love this place. Only joint where I don't mind a wait it's that good. Green Chili Chimi is fantastic! Enchiladas are fantastic  there's only a few options but you can get him a few different ways and no matter what you get it tastes fantastic there's a small sit-down area outside and no bathrooms so make sure you use it before you come. Anytime I find myself even remotely close to Ritos I make the detour to come over here and get some food." Great place for green burritos. I've been coming since I was a little girl.  This place is worth the long line at lunch time. Just make sure you have enough time to eat it cause the line can get pretty long.  but they have definitely gotten smaller in size over the last several months. I drive down from Flagstaff for these delicious morsels Best green chile / tacos are amazing I would recommend if you like Carolinas Mexican  stop now come to a place that will treat you with respect and answer your call when you call to place a order. Keep on serving up great Mexican food Ritos !!! It's just the BEST. Iv come here since I was a kid and one thing I know (and something you will also learn if your new) the line is almost always out that slamming door" "Love love love this place!.. Green chili burrito is the BEST! Tacos are great. Everything is fresh and made to order. And the beans - oh those are like crack- once you try them you are hooked and crave your bean fix. This is a place everyone who loves Mexican food should try. Don't be scared of the area  (who eats outside in 110 degree weather? Some do) plan on order and take.. Enjoy your delicious food in the setting of your choice side of rice-perfectly prepared and to be honest I think rice is so hard to make." Sure wish they would add no smoking signs in the seating/eating areas.  People lighting up detracts from the Rito's experience. I've been here twice now with a buddy. The place is a dump but the Mexican food is the best in the valley. I recommend it to everyone but I also recommend you get there before 10:30am because this place gets packed! Red burro enchilada style with 1 beef taco. Sooooo good.  and the quality of their meat in the burrito is fantastic...never fatty.  It does get very busy in the winter season Green burrito enchilada style beats most burritos in the valley (up there with green chile pork from most wanted and green chile beef with jalapeno cream cheese from mucha lucha)... the location is what gets me fired up!!  somewhat sketchy neighborhood but the burritos are oh so delicious.  The green chili is to die for.  Ne inside seating but a little patio outside." The green chili is a must and the guacamole tostada is a favorite.  I've been eating at this place for 30 years and am so glad they continue to have the same quality food they have always had.  This is my FAVORITE hole in the wall. This place is the best. Ive been eating here since I was 5 years old off and on. Every time I visit i enjoy my food just a little bit more than the time before. A sure thing is always the Green chili burrito.  This is one of the Great Mexican food places in Phoenix. If you haven't tried it you are missing out. "My first ritos enchiladas were served like slop. My order was taken quickly however I had to wait 45mins for my one enchilada  but the green chili was by far the best. It was just the right amount of spicy and flavorful. I would highly suggest going to try the green chili pork in any form... you can thank me later. I will be back ( schedule permitting :-P)!"  and guacamole tacos. Tasty and satisfying! The downside is they only have outside seating areas but that's when you can take your food to go and enjoy it elsewhere. I will definitely be coming back!" I've been eating here ever since I used to work at Maricopa Medical Center... started eating here in 1987......and keep coming back...Enchiladas are on point... and the enchiladas style burros and can't say enough for their guacamole tacos are the bomb... and very very friendly staff...John and Rose....thumbs up... Red chile burro enchilada and bean tostada.  Rito's food is great!!  Order your food for takeout and go.  The ambience has improved - a couple of flat screen tv's and benches inside (there are also outside benches).  The food is soooo good. WOW this hidden spot is incredible!! This is a MUST visit in Phoenix. The Green Chile enchilada was out of this world good! I want another one right now! This is truly hole in the wall eats at its finest. My top 3 places to eat at in Arizona. Rito's keeps it simple and short with their menu. I'm coming back next time to try the red sauce!  but would venture to guess that everything is delicious.  I order exclusively red or green burritos  real Mexican food here"  even when it is not that busy.  Be prepared for a little lag on the service if you go and appreciate that you get to enjoy such good eats." Overall not a good experience." Can't wait to go back." Should have known better than to eat in a place so dark that you can't see the food on your plate. Underwhelming and overpriced. My food was slightly disappointing in that it was ""ok"".  I doubt I would go back there  as are the potato and bean burros. The chili rellanos are good. The salads are only OK.  All salsas and sauces are made that day and are fresh. Beans aren't cooked with lard I imagine I would LOVE this place if they had a liquor license ;)"  the good news is they are still open the bad is that it's Wed-Thurs-Fri. They've been closed for the past 4 months as business was slow. Still great food "Best Mexican I have ever had!  A weekly must...  Family owned and operated  still a clean neat place. The food is the absolute best Mexican around." You would never think of going here by the looks. Super run down & bland looking. I would almost think it wasn't open. But the food was great. I was not expecting to have an amazing chimichanga here. Apparently they've been there for 10 years!  small kitchen with a nice selection. I am always happy to support these locals and know my money is staying in town and not heading out of state when I pay my check. Watch out about the hours of operation My cheese enchiladas had non-melted cheese in them. That's a basic prerequisite for enchiladas - melted cheese. Not impressed at all. This place is sophomoric at best. There are far more tastier places in the valley to spend your money on. If I could leave a half star I would. I will never eat here again.  but good food for a good price."  and a step up from most burrito places or diner-style Mexican. The restaurant can be small and you can find yourself waiting 30 minutes for your order to come out during the lunch rush  free standing building with a cute little dining room.  The lady inside is nice and helpful.  I ordered the mini chimichanga with green chile beef  but a disappointing place to eat. My fish tacos tasted strongly of freezer burn and kraft singles. There's better Mexican food in Phoenix "Giving this restaurant 1-star is being really generous!! First off the restaurant is small so you have no privacy and everybody can hear your conversation. Next I thought the lady working there was going to hit me cause I asked if they make homemade tortillas or not. I got the green enchiladas combo and then she comes back saying they ran out of green sauce. Then she tells me they ran out of tamales. The food portion were so small I thought it was an appetizer. There were barley enough rice and beans to cover the plate. Finally the total came out to 26 dollars for only two meals which we could've got breakfast and lunch at  Carolinas and El Norteno for the same price. The people who say this is ""authentic"" Mexican doesn't know what real Mexican food is!!" "Had to stop at this Food City one time and i saw this whole in the wall mexican taco shop. I saw a few mexicans inside and i always figured if you see people from mexico eating at a mexican place that it must be good. I was totally right  their Red Sauce has a very different taste than something you would get at Phillibertos or any other Mexican Food Restaurant. This Red Sauce goes PERFECTLY with their Carne Asada Burrito."  orchata etc.  I've had all of the above and was not disappointed.  Today this was the first place I went when I landed to curb my taco craving!" "Excellent food and a great value. My carne asada tacos were well prepared and I only wish I ordered more. The flavor was great  this is the place. The food is outstanding. Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it's a tiny hole in the wall that tends to be crowded and very noisy at peak hours. If you like great http://feastinginphoenix.com/?p=223"  onions and cheese melted over the top.  All of this was served over two corn tortillas.  Super good.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  The green chile chicken enchiladas were outstanding and the green chile was the best my boyfriend has ever had.  The rice was flavorful and tender and beans great as well.  I had the leftover enchiladas today for lunch and they were awesome all over again.  We'll be back to El Nopalito often.  I'm excited to try the 99 cent street tacos." Definitely recommended if you are in the neighborhood." One of if not the best torta Cubana in town. For a little coin it's almost to much food to finish.  Beer and Flan...this is living!  Rob upset me though by eating my last bite of Chicken Encihlada...jerk!!!  That was so uncool!  I now have trust issues with Rob! If you are looking for good cheap Mexican and staying at the Embassy Suites this is the place to eat!"  and they have beer too." Clean and nice inside." Overall I had a good experience.  I think the description of the three-star review as being ""A-OK"" is perfect for El Nopalito.  I'd return "Small hole in the wall but very good food.  I got both red and green salsas for my chips.  Both were very tasty and spicy.  I'd go back just for the salsa's alone just one complaint - if they call the place nopalito they should be serving nopal.  and why dont they have tamales?" s87D-mtAuJ8BluKgYYsXGw  I thought I would give El Nopalito a taste.  I am SO Glad I did!  I had the steak burrito and it was AWESOME!  Great service  beer and horchata .  Gracias Elena!" I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone. Truly a five star experience!"  this might be your best bet. Or at least it is from the places I have been so far..." Their beer is cold. Their service is friendly.  A definite thumbs up  but very very good (and only 99 cents).  Three of these on an elaborately decorated plate in a Scottsdale restaurant would be 13 - 16 bucks.  And the al pastor burrito was very good.  The burrito was also authentic mexican...on the small side  but there are loads of great little Mexican places in the area that I'll be stopping by first." Would definitely come back. Felt authentic as well. +5" best tacos ever!  I always come in planning on eating 3 or 4 and end up with 13. Excellent steak and al pastor tacos.  maybe because you get more flavor from a big bite of just the meat. Husband loved the tacos de cabeza. He said they remind him so much of the ones he used to get from a street vendor in his parents' hometown in Mexico. Rice and beans were great as well. The salsas were good (I like the green more) My search for a great taco has come to end end" It does help if you speak Spanish as it will make ordering and asking any questions you may have easier." This place is cheap and great!  Best pastor tacos in Phoenix for the money!  and this one was way below average. As much as I like authentic Mexican food  and it's cheap.  99 cent street tacos and the 2.99 gordito are amazing.  It looks like a greasy spoon outside They were good at least. Everything else was bland; particularly the not-at-all spicy salsa. My Mexican associate gave it a 5 out of 10 for taste and authenticity. Not being Mexican The man was so impressed that he went back the following weekend to surprise me with takeout breakfast in bed.  The senoras recognized him and made him feel so welcome and special.  On weekends  and it will never fall off my list of regular dining venues.  At least once a week I'm there!" This has to be one of the BEST Mexican places in Phoenix.  The service is excellent and the food is awesome!  Soda Or Haguas Frescas Like The Horchata. Fourth Service Was Mediocre And Last We Got Overcharged Even With The 20% Discount This App Offers. NEVER GOING BACK!!!!!" have yet to find...... Does anybody know a good Mexican restaurant that makes the corn tortillas fresh daily  I mean service wasn't 5 stars but didn't expect it to be when you pull up to this joint.  Nothing to complain about except the smelly rags they used to wipe the tables next to us." "I stopped in here during a lunch break at a nearby work conference. It was 10am and I was jonesing for a breakfast burrito. The atmosphere is nothing fancy but it was clean. The lady at the counter was very nice. I ordered a breakfast burrito without meat. It took a little longer than I thought it would "Good place for lunch. The street tacos are a buck each and there are several different types of meat. El pastor and carnitas are delicious. Apparently there are a few different cooks and when you get the grilled tortillas will be returning in spite of tacky plastic plates and  bland chips." Not only were they rude but their service is HORRIBLE."  but was not too impressed. It was a little bland for being a specialty item. If you've ever eaten a huarache in DF I eat here 2-3 times a week. Been coming here since I was 13. Favorite place for tacos Excellent tacos.  Tacos here are small but only .99$ so try a bunch.  Service is super friendly and fast.  just tell us that you're not longer taking orders. It really sucks to pay for something and then have to discard at least a 1/3 of it. After all of this  with tacos that cost only 99 cents each? I came to this small restaurant one mid-afternoon to sample four of their taco offerings: pastor   great recipes and wonderful.   You'll swear you are in old Mexico.   Ceviche and small tacos was great!" It looks like a little hole in the wall but you'll be happy to dive in" Really good 99 cent street size tacos.  The chicken nachos were amazing!  Cannot wait to go back :)  usually on our way north from the airport.  The neighborhood holds childhood memories for us.  Disclaimer: We go to restaurants for the food Came to this restaurant a few months ago for the first time me and my cousin were eating there I ordered 5 pastor tacos. Overall pretty good but they didn't give me red and green salsa only the chip salsa that you get when you're waiting for your actual food to arrive. Anyway I told my wife about the place so we ended up getting it but pick up this time I got the same thing my wife got a burrito this time my tacos had almost no meat compared to the first time where they were packed and my wife's burrito was so skinny it was pathetic my advice is to just eat at the place avoid takeout.  for no apparent reason. I asked to cancel my order and the hostess simply stated ""okay"" which makes me believe the prolonged wait time may have been done purposely. I will never visit this place again." Ordene Los chilaquiles rojos y me dieron una cochinada. La mesera no  saven como tratar a las personas I'm here now and this place is beyond disgusting!! The server is so rude and the meat is covered in grease!! Worse service ever!! Lights are out.  No Bueno" Never again. Spare yourself. It's not worth it All in all Pozoleria Guerrero #1 was a decent spot and I think it comes down to whether you want to get pozole.  In the future if I get a hankering I will definitely be returning.  I can't comment on the tacos The different pozoles here are worth driving out of your way for. Best pozole and menudo we ever had! Had to order some more menudo to-go to take back home. It's hard 2 find a good Mexican Restaurant but I finally found 1. This little hole in the wall had one of the best GREEN pozole I've ever had. 4 sure going back to try the white pozole!  and this is one of maybe three thati go to on a regular basis.   The rest are not really worth mentioning much less actually go to.  It is with checking out though" Whole in the wall but oh so worth it!!! I had a sope & it was huge & delicious! Service was fast and the waitress is extremely nice! The gorditas are a good choice tooooo! Must try if u havent! Demasiada   escritura bblica. Quiero disfrutar un pozole con amigos no quiero ser convertido.  Para eso los ignorantes que se la pasan molestando el fin de semana. La comida esta muy rica. Kiss your hangovers good bye with their weekend morning sopas. Soup so good make you wanna go back to sleep." So we just decided to leave. They didn't even offer to comp the drinks lol." "Pozole is great. Slow service and took a time to acknowledge me. Location isn't the best spot  if your looking for food with heart and soul...take a trip to the real world and some wonderful Polozole...."  they close early for a reason.  Not a good place to hang around after dark!  Look out for transients and pan handlers out front of other businesses next door!" Good flavors and variety of Mexican food. Make sure you arrive early on weekends or you might have to wait for a bit (10-15min).  we had some beer and girly drinks (strawberry margarita and mojitos) which tasted not so bad and the fresh chips and salsa were kept us from going hungry while we waited for our actual food (the service is really slow). I had some chicken taquitos and shrimp tacos were which came with rice and lettuce. I thought the food was pretty good  I wouldn't recommend it."  the only way to do it is to go early because by mid-happy hour the place is packed.  And the DJ's have been a bit hit or miss.  Some of them have played some great stuff  the people! Men in Hawaiian shirts or local team jerseys. Women with big hair and lots of screaming kids. Staff is usually quick to greet and really quite friendly. Standard Mexican fare is widely available. Stick to the combo platters and you may leave happy. The carnitas entree is a sad clump of dry pork...gee  or family dining.  Give it a try and taste for yourself."  but definitely better choices out there."  with festive colors of green and red and yellow. I'd definitely give it another go-around  in fact by the end of dinner we usually go through 2 bowls.  My favorite appitizers are the Red Corn Chicken Taquitos.  These are fantastic!  They are chicken taquitos topped with Baja sauce.  I really like most of their dishes  go somewhere else! For this style of food I think I would prefer Carlos O'briens." I want to go for happy hour and try their new watermelon and honeydew margs because those sound delish.  Anyway  not right.  Can't pinpoint exactly what was wrong with them but I will probably never order them again.  I'll stick with my taco salad and try not to eat the bowl  namely large-scale manufactured canned foods sold to those who still think Phoenix is a town of rolling tumbleweeds and cowboys. Let them fantasize about questing to Phoenix and entering the secret Mayan temple to discover the secrets within. They can release my tormented soul from the hell that is Macayo's." The only nice quality of this location is the building is unique it looks like a mesoamerican  pyramid."  enjoy the complimentary tortilla chips. Comes with salsa It's so sad to see Macayo's in the state. It's like that girl you used to think was cute when you were in junior high... but then you bumped into her a few days ago at the grocery store and she looks worn out in every sense of the word after surviving through four kids and three divorces. C'mon Never been to another macayos but not gonna try after that visit."  the wait staff is pretty jovial and most have been there for awhile.  The interior is in keeping with this same laid back attitude.  It isn't fancy but who is going to eat the interior?"  I won't be back.  I don't really care for Mexican food  and the pseudo-red velvet cupcakes I made at home (chocolate cake mix + red food coloring) jzPMl-NoB5F2fwoHX3hN8A  but is pretty generic Mexican food. Now the Margaritas are wonderful!!!! I usually don't drink more then one but at this place you just can't help yourself. I like fruity girlie drinks  authentic family owned Mexican restaurants in every part of the city is beyond me.  Okay so the food wasn't too bad and it's probably consistant as well.  In fact I'd give the food a 3 since I'm not too picky but the utter soullessness of this place was almost too much to bare!  Green Day was blasting in the bar area where we were seated...and to be fair "My husband and I heard great reviews about this restaurant and we decided to give them a shot. One word can describe this place GROSS!!! The food sounded great but then you took a bite and ewww disappointment. The salsa was lame  and sorry to everyone else who gave this place a decent review. Macayo's sucks and I'm not afraid to say it." On a positive note the chips are alright and their Downtown and Mesa locations are pretty cool buildings." I think I will be back. I think I could even become a fan of the place over time. It seems to have a good mix of people and an impressive straight male clientele  but remain largely unoffensive.  Exactly what I expected." Would definitely go back. Especially since they are open late."  but I wasn't impressed with my food at all. Bland red sauce The food is always wonderful! Hot and seasoned just right. Generous portions and plenty of chips and salsa. The Margaritas are perfect. I can't say enough to thank Randy for setting up screen and projectors I hate to say this but Chase Field food is actually better then this place "Grade A white bread ""Mexican"" food" The bite size tamale bites were good and the Steak Cortez was great as well. The only thing I would recommend is going before or after happy hour as it can get really crowed and it is hard to find a place to sit unless you are just having lunch or dinner. Also it can be hard to enjoy a meal with the loud sounds of people screaming at the T.V. as the dining area is really close to the bar area. Other than that I suggest stopping in the next time you are in the area. If nothing else you can take a cool picture in front of the building LOL."  helpful and attentive.  We enjoyed our meal very much and I can't wait to go back and try out a couple of other items on the menu!" Total with tip & free delivery was about $50. We won't be ordering here again...I'm pretty much just done with the whole food delivery service thing after 2 expensive  and I'm sure they'd fry your salad if you asked nicely.  They have a pretty good happy hour the back room (the Aztec room I believe) is a good place to start.   The restaurant is huge and despite that So is Macayo's a destination? No. It will never be cool. Is it a reliable place for a good meal well-served? As they would say in Sweden: Skert." Ambiance was fine.  The place is a local chain Their menu got smaller.  Its hard to find anything under $11.  The food (even the side of veggies) was SOOO greasy and fatty. Seriously - I feel like I need to eat salads for the next 2 days to compensate for the calorie content of that dish. The baja sauce lost its kick.  The guac had no flavor. I regret eating here."  you can be sure I'll think twice when I see the Macayo bird on something at the grocery. BLECH."  not great.  I'm sure there must be better places in AZ." I agree with the other 1 star reviews." Went here for Cinco De Mayo for a a margarita. They were pretty good and not over priced. Very cool looking building! Service was pleasant but overall the restaurant wasn't overly impressive but I would still go back agian! "I had been to Macayo's numerous times not because I wanted my colleagues like the place. Every time I go I notice the value of the food and taste is getting worst. Today I went and ordered Chicken Fajitas with side veggies. The fajitas didn't come out sizzling they looked like they must have sat in the window for awhile. The veggies are ice cold with tons of butter and barely cooked. The chicken tasted like they been freezer burned and no seasoning. The dish wasn't appetizing at all.  Also  literally. My grandmother moved to Arizona in 1942 and was excited when this place opened. So my family has been coming here for 50+ years. Is it the best Mexican food ever in Phoenix? No  and based on my experience I doubt I would go back to give the food a try." The coworker we were taking out was super hungry and was really looking forward to coming here.  He left quite happy and I'm glad this place didn't disappoint." The 1 Star was for the Mahi tacos that was the only thing that was great about this experience. Being from San Diego I am spoiled when it comes to great Mexican food and service. First off when you order a shot Put it in a small rocks glass not a plastic cup that you make jello shooters in! Serve real salsa and guacamole Please for goodness sake! If your going to call yourself a Mexican establishment then do it right! Please hire a waitress that has a brain and isn't slow! If it wasn't for the fact it was a go away party I would have never stepped foot in a such a dirty establishment.  WORST MANGO AND STRAWBERRY MARGARITAS EVER!!  I can't pan the restaurant itself due to one bad experience. I've been there a few other times before and the service was excellent. (I wish I could remember the name of my prior server because he was top-notch.)  The food is traditional Mexican restaurant fare Typical Mexican beer selection.  Tryin' to push a zillion different margaritas.  May or may not get your order right  turns around and proceeds to shuffle around the bar as he tries desperately to open a bottle of seagrams with no luck. After 5 minutes and not even a"" i'll be right with you"" or anything i walked out without leaving a tip. i have never done that before. EVER"  I was worried to why they needed a security team roaming about." Maybe this works for the family 'hispanic eatery down the street'...it does not do so well for me." Good place friendly staff.  I was hooked on the grilled onions! They were so flavorful! I'm glad there were a lot on his platter so I could steal more than a few."  I have eaten in better dive-Mexican places than this Macayos. Definitely skip this spot."  stale fast-food. How has this place been there so long?! I felt robbed after seeing the bill."  not a different air head every time like a lot of places here in Phoenix.  Pint of XX for 2 bucks?  BTW  but the price ($13) is at least two dollars more than it should be.  The salsa was good  the food at Macayos is just not very good and is WAY overpriced. I got the baja chicken quesadilla and it was fairly dry and bland. It also took a huge amount of time to get our food (but I understand that due to our party size and the fact that it was a holiday). If it were up to me Decent Mexican. The margaritas were good but a little pricey being a probably mix.  but it took forever for the food once seated.  The food was HORRIBLE and actually was sent back by my colleage.  I wanted to send mine back been coming here since birth If you are craving Mexican this is the place."  my Wife's meal didn't come a listed on the menu and about 10 seconds after they brought out an additional plate tortillas I saw a baby roach walking on the table. I secretly squished it (with a napkin) and never told my Wife or she would have thrown up..... We left immediately... True story." "I like coming here. The food is great (and authentic). Drinks are awesome. Service can be hit or miss at times  you'd think that Macayo's would try harder to compete Parking is in the back and the restaurant is also right off the light rail." We got in and out at lunch with good food and attentive service.  You can order from a special lunch menu or their full menu.  I recommend going early  how can anyone mess that up) to nosh on while the other party members arrived. The lunch specials here are pretty amazing and it does get crowded fast. I went for the lunch Mex and Match 1 item with 1 side for $6.99. I got a bean tostada with veggies. The veggies were a pleasant surprise  calling women ""darlin"" - how tacky).  Watch out when they add 18% service on a big party - on our bill it said 18% but the math came out to more like 30%.  The decor is just awful.  There are lots better places to eat."  and friendly.  Who can ask for more?"  the kids can run around and bang gophers on the head Another enjoyable experience at Macayo's"  and the upholstery and chairs need to be replaced. My meal was relatively flavorless. The margaritas that were ""on sale"" were sugary and weak. The Drink Menu presented to us (which we had to ASK twice for) was sticky over all pages. Our table had dried food and cheese clinging to it and silverware was very flimsy and dirty. Wooden chairs were wobbly Just okay-I went for a retirement party and was disappointed with what we paid for what we got. I like the location on Thomas way better and the servers were way more helpful too! My new favorite restaurant in Phoenix Arizona  so they must have some fans out there." "The bar:  Very disappointed.   Music too loud. Too ethnic. Poor set up with entrance outside the restaurant.   I used to ""happy hour"" every weekend in years past ... What a change  I got up and took them to the manager standing at the front.  I had the Steak fajitas and my date had shrimp fajitas. We had the margaritas that were on special and they were terrible. I would rather go to La Pinata a few blocks north versus going to this Macayo's again. Nothing is worse than watching everyone else get service and your having to bus empty glasses  the service was pretty good and this place isn't half bad." "For being the inventor of the chimichanga it was VERY disappointing. The chimichanga was awful. Huge 22jFgrhRwOfvpneyDKOKBQ Was in town on business and a local friend took me here...so glad he did! This place had great service and great food. The ambiance was nice too. I got the fajita quesadilla which was soooo huge and sooo good! We also ordered the loaded nachos appetizer...yum! "I was not impressed.  We were here with a group of friends and the staff didn't seem to care if they waited on us or not.  When our server did come around  wasnt great wasnt bad either. Service was great ! Had the verde pork enchiladas. That is all." Prices were high relative to the food you receive. I don't think I'll be back." "One of my friends has been eating at this location for years and highly recommended it - I can see why.  Our waitperson (Esperanza) was the best waitperson I have ever had at any restaurant "We went during happy hour and sat in the bar area. The place was relatively empty and too low of lighting to see anything. I ordered a strawberry margarita which was WAY too sweet! It was half foam on top and I didn't feel like it was worth the $6 price tag. Usually when I go to mexican restaurants they bring you chips and salsa however There shouldn't even be an option for a star. The service is horrible and bartenders are very rude. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone not even my worst enemy!  we stop in for a late lunch. We decide to split a couple appetizers. While we are waiting they brought us the normal chips and salsa. The chips tasted stale and the salsa was pretty gross too. Then our food came. We ordered loaded nachos - which were far from loaded. I am still trying to figure out how they managed to put everything in one tiny corner of the plate. The second plate was the mini chimis. Oh my gosh  if you ever around Macayos on central stop by and sit at the bar . (Tara) will take care of you.  Her fav Margarita to serve you will be DON JULIO MADE WITH AEJO DON JULIO MIX WITH GRAND MANIER  The servers were very nice and the wedding party was very satisfied." I will say that one other thing you can never go wrong with is their green corn tamale with Baja sauce. It is fantastic!"  he was sure to add it in our plan and! Needless to say we had a great dinner excellent Margaritas and our server Greg was very nice and professional! Can't wait to come back!"  popped an anti-acid and nothing...I literally had to leave work early and now laying here in my bed feeling nautious  as hell and staying close to a toilet as I write this review."  manager ignored me at first and then asked me if he could get me something else.... didn't want me leaving ""hungry.""  Don't worry... hunger is that last thing on my mind.  I told a group coming in that is isn't too late to turn around... they will probably read this later "The food was really good. Especially the carnitas enchilada. Chips are good and fresh. I have to give three stars because the server waited twenty minutes to take our food order after we waited a long time for drinks already. Then the food took forever when there were only three tables in service!! Forever as in longer than thirty minutes I've been here a few times for buffet style going away lunch celebrations. The food is OK and the service can really vary. Other people I know complained of slight sickness after eating. That hasn't happened to me. I will never go there again."  a coworker and I arrived for an early lunch so the restaurant had plenty of seating. I requested a table below a fan because they keep this place too warm. My daughter requested a high chair for my grandson. These two requests caused such an issue that we ultimately decided to put my grandson on my lap. The server we were seated with was one who had waited on me before and I knew she had a lousy personality We were here for a family gathering.  They set us up in a nice room. The chips were good but the salsa was very bland and watery.  I got the a chimi which is a signature dish. The beef was ok but really didn't care for the cheese sauce. The rest   of my family said their food was just ok. I really expected it to be better.  and it was heavenly. We took our time to eat and sat in the booth with our food babies for awhile after we finished. The food was great and it was a nice experience. Looks like I need to chill on my chain restaurant snobbery The server was decent but they only had about half the service staff they needed."  but thought the outside looked retro and fun. That's Yelp karma..." Good/decent local Mexican food. Anything with Carne Asada or one the platters is worth a shot. Very good happy hour specials as well! Repeat customer for 20+ years...today not so impressed with staff in bar...normally Greg or Joey upbeat very personable...today no bartender to be found (apparently their day off) one server in lounge too busy cleaning tables to even notice we sat for at least 5 minutes with no drinks or salsa while he continued to clean tables around us...decided to move to main restaurant where hostess didn't even care we were waiting and asked if we wanted her to tell her staff we were there lol ... sat with Gely in main restaurant thank her for making my almost horrible experience a plus....great service attentive!!!! Get rid of who is in your bar today!!!  and I ordered a items that were advertised as 8.99 but I was charged 11.99. Manager claimed that he was unable to change price in computer..what a joke. I will never go to that location again!" The manager contacted me with an apology but it was a joke!! Never even addressed the terrible service we received!! Never go to this restaurant!!  or it would be a 2.  Desert was aweful.  Fried ice cream was ice cream rolled in cornflakes and honey.  Flan was bland and almond slivers were charred." The staff was super friendly.  They messed up my order but she rectified it quickly. My husband had the macayo tour meal and the portions were very small. Also the margaritas were very weak and tasted like water.  Although the staff was very friendly this is not a place I would visit again when I come back to Phoenix. "Went to celebrate with a party of 15 and they wouldn't let me in with my daughter because after 4 PM it's considered a bar. Security was extremely lazy in getting management when I wanted to speak to him. Finally he came and explained its the law I understand and respected that so I asked if I could just speak with my party for 5-10 minutes before i left since I drove there and they would not let me eat and was declined. Never going to recommend this place to anybody since not even a simple request could be made  first taking our drinks and appetizer orders while she looked for our server and then taking over our table for the rest of our visit when he never returned. Everything came out quickly  but once happy hour started we were pushed out. Literally pushed out and the waiters threw my gifts onto the floor while they were trying to clear the table and get us out. The waitress messed up all of our orders and when we asked for patron margaritas she insisted on giving us house margaritas "Went to lunch with a friend and overall everything was great.  The service was semi-slow  the climate is warming and every degree over 100 means you get a percent off.  Macayo's #1 on Central is the hottest one around." Definately won't go back unless dragged by friends like today."  grabbed a cocktail napkin and blew her nose... Right there at the bar.  We weren't the only customers in there  but lost our receipt as we had a big vacation the next day. Our waitress was AMAZING. We really appreciate good service since my husband and I grew up in the industry and recognize it when we see it! So whoever our waitress was (young lady with dark hair)- THANK YOU! (In case you missed our note on the receipt). She was prompt with our order even though it was busy Got the asada burro. It was okay... the server was very attentive but I think there are tastier authentic mexican restaurants that are more reasonably priced.  nothing special but they have good drinks and that's what I come here for."  great atmosphere! Definitely will be back. Amanda was our server and she was sweet and attentive."  yesterday I realized I hardly got any meat on my plate and a lot of rice and a lot of beans.  Maybe they're trying to cut corners by skimping out on the portions?  Who knows?  But the place is old - needs new furniture  and the vegetarian menu is pretty good  we came thirsty and eager to drink and eat and left thirsty. We only saw our waiter perhaps 5 times the entire evening. The only positive thing there was to say about the entire evening was the food was average. There was nothing really negative one can say about the food."  we'll stop by this location which is a little more old school.  Like blackboards and ruler spankings old school."  even though that wasn't stated anywhere and I even saw a waitress starring at us as we steated ourselves. I told the busser that it wasn't stated anywhere and the waitress that walked by about 4 times should have said something instead of ignoring us. She said ""well she's paying attention to her tables not you"" the only table I saw her service was the one group of people In the banquet area with us.. at this point I was annoyed and said ""why do you keep putting the blame on us? Like its out fault we didn't get service?! You're so fucking rude"" she then said in a whiny voice ""how am I being rude?"" I walked away and decided to go into the regular eating area and eat because I'm pregnant and was craving macayos.. I talked to the manager and told her what happened  once I again I had to leave and have my lunch packed to go. The server was rude and very obviously frazzled. This place has a serious staffing problem. I just don't understand why they can't get pleasant and qualified staff."  I must say Macayo's seems to have lost their service skills." We were both very happy with our meal." Thank you Joey. Will DEFINTELY  go again! HAPPY HOUR!!" "Love this place! Come here often. Greg and Joey take amazing care of us everyone! Greg knows exactly what I order and gets me and my friends in and out quick as sometimes Thank you Greg Montelongo and Joey Coassolo for always taking care of us! Hope you guys know how much we love and appreciate you guys! Until next time.... "Great food and customer service. My family and I have been eating there for years. The food is delicious and always prepared perfectly. The bartender Joey  we're usually there until 7:00-7:30. You can't miss us! Or you can check out the our website at letsplaydodgeball.com" If you're looking for a quick and delightfully cheesy bite to eat  but I had a coupon and it was close by. This is by far the most Un-Mexican food I have ever tasted. Bland is a complement. Taco Bell has more seasonings. A combo plate which came with a tostada with canned refried beans One word review. Yuck?" Food was good and so are the margaritas." "1 Star only because the hostess with pleasant it fell off from there absolutely no customer service. Say for over ten minutes with no waitress our waiter coming by to see if we wanted water Not happy. Fish taco had 95% cabbage on it n barely any fish.  Gave me 20% discount. Hahaaaaa not getting that again but friends food was good. Shout outs to my man Greg at the bar who has always taken care of me and my friends every single time we come in. The staff is great and Greg is on point all day everyday! Quick service and friendly! Tempe food is great but the staff makes this place one of a kind! Yes a large party of 11 is difficult so I made a reservation and we had no trouble getting a table Sat @6. But they messed up our orders a couple of times until the ladies said forget it and they I brought them anyway. The manager came over and nicely said they wouldn't charge but they were on the bill. So thats confusing to get the bill straightened out.  Otherwise the food is ok our friends really like Macayo's.  they're customer service was pretty good. The only thing I like was the salsa."  but the food is great. We have had many great experiences at this location. The service and food was much better than our experience last week at the Scottsdale location!" Excellence. ...ask for Gregory...he will hook you up at the bar him....celebrating my girlfriend Barbara's bday...great jazz music on Thursday night. "The bartenders make the party the DJ is great! I'd give it more stars but when you show up on historically a packed night (Halloween Friday) and they don't have a DJ ???  Gonna take my friends somewhere else (apparently management doesn't want money...) HINT: if you're gonna skip on basics for people having a good time The food was delicious. I really enjoyed myself. Yolanda was our server..She had a delightful attitude. She was extremely attentive and her reccomendations were great... love the salsa. definitely coming back for sure!! 5* I ordered Macayo's catering for the office and what awesome customer service. It was so seamless and made my life easier. The food was so delicious too!  I knew I would have to try it for myself eventually. And just last week I did- awful experience. It was during the lunch hour and it was crazy busy. You could hear everyone talking and it just wasn't too peaceful. It took 10 minutes for a waiter to take a drink order My husband had the shrimp enchiladas and my children  had a very generous kid sampler plate ! Go give this place a try!"  Very interactive and fun! She made our visit awesome. Great guest service! food was mediocre had enchilada" Wish I coulda tried this place in the 1950s  the first waitress was inconvenienced by having to serve us. Forgot drinks and was rude. After she was replaced the meal went better and the new staff was great  service once again was superb! my wife and I always request Yolanda. She's a sweetheart and always gives us the best service. One bad thing was the women's bathroom was closed and she had to walk across the whole restaurant to use  the bathroom. Other then that it was awesome! Yolanda always mentions yelp..so here ya go!" There is a reason why it is empty on a Sunday night. The worst chewy uncooked fachitas ever. I could see the blood. And the waitress did not come to check after the fiod. They agve us some discount so thus one more star. The tortilla soup was good. Very fast and excellent service. The waitress was always there when I  needed something. This is the original Macayos and I come here often. I never have a problem with this location. They are always on point. I would recommend this location to family and friends. Can't go wrong with Macayos "Its funky looking building made me wonder if it's open or closed (no windows and entrance door is hidden behind a large pillar).  Inside is a cute family-owned restaurant.  It would be perfect for family dinner.  I ordered Fiesta salad with steak from lunch menu.  After I ordered  and ice all over it. Our booth was equally gross. There was hair stuck up in it with food. Ew! Plus it was sticky. After trying to get a waiter over for ten min to ask for them to clean it up they continued to ignore us or pretend not to speak English or that they would go get someone that would help us. 30 min after sitting down someone finally came over to clean the table and to take our drink order. Mind you with no apology or anything. 10 min later we finally got our bottled beers which were lukewarm. At that point we ordered two chimichangas. I kid you not over 40 minutes later we dis lot for our food. Which I will say was as good as the other location we went too. It was their only saving grace. As soon as they served it we asked for the check. They never are over to ask if we needed anything or to even fill up our drinks. No silverware and then when we got it I had food on my knife. Our waiter was rude Macayo's on Central eccentric building awesome drinks and food. Thank you to the manager Jayna for taking the time to make us feel welcome! We will be back!! One a busy night our server Jorge did amazing. He anticipated out needs and met them efficiently. The food of course was delicious. We ordered the mexi mix n match and got the ground beef burro enchilada style. Always feel happy at the sight of our bill price. We come here often and will continue. Make sure you ask for Jorge if you're looking for great service. It crumbled with the first bite! There wasn't a second bite."  you'll have a fabulous experience if you get in and seated without seeing this guy."  another lady sat next to us and the bartender was chatting with what I assume was a friend on the other side of us. She also waited at least 7 minutes before he acknowledged her. While the food is good I would discourage anyone from going there."  in a to go order usually the tortilla strips are on the side but our soups had soggy strips right on top. A lot of the food is way salty. This place needs to strict management to whip up the kitchen and the rest of the staff in shape and get back to selling great Mexican food." I love the building. The outside is really fun (it looks like an ancient Latin American temple) and the wait staff was truly nice. But quite simply  knowledgeable and just super cool to chat with. I enjoyed him so much. The other servers were also just as friendly and kind. They made an out of towner like me feel right at home. I went in for bean and cheesy goodness and got a lot more than that. My burrito was delish. Margarita-amazing. I'm a simple girl so if  the beans are correct then the burrito is awesome. In this case The Bad: The service was bad from the front of the house to the back. The waiters walked around like they had a ball and chain connect to their ankles and no one was friendly or offered a smile.  Very disappointed as I always favor Macayos:/" "Good food!  My friend and I came here Saturday night after the Mercury game and I'm so glad we did. I have never been to this location either so it was a treat for me.  We both ordered a burrito and they were really good.  I'd go back to this location or any other Macayo's. I'm only giving it 3 stars because other than the food  my friend and I try to stay away but we visit almost nightly! The place is open all hours and we pretty much know all the workers by name. We spend about $8 a night here but that's chump change. They have GREEEEN burritos! They are the best. The spicy jack quesadilla. best. Veggie Works. best. veggie works. again You will never catch me having a crispy shrimp taco (the idea of seafood from a fast food place makes me want to hack) good nearby joint. It's a franchise.. pretty much the same wherever you go.. decent. Del taco in general is always clean. The staff is kinda slow at this one but it's Sunday and everyone is at brunch/church whatever lol.  All in all thank god for del taco Great latenight takeout  never will go again.  It's a sad thing when Taco Bell is better than something." Went here twice the past weekend. Love those veggie burritos with the red sauce! I also tried some nachos-wouldn't really recommend it. Super fast & cheap "Well this definitely doesn't look like much from the outside but I can say this is better than Taco Bell! Enjoyed the spicy chicken quesadillas and chicken taco. Has a little kick to it "do not get their coffee. ive never tasted anything worse. otherwise KIbFaBrZDX7rrYJInkv5Kg Filibertos a d Taco Bell are WAY better!  Del Taco (in my opinion) is amingst the weakest (if not the weakest) of fast food Mexican.  Just sayin!  but don't sleep on the Double Dell Cheeseburger - a damn tasty burger! It goes great with the Deluxe Chili Cheese fries.  And top that 1 This Del Taco even makes Taco Bell seem like four star dining!"  accurate. They know how it's done and the food is not bad "Had to leave the counter and go through the drive through just to be acknowledged. Super pissed me off when all one of the four employees there had to do was say anything even kind of like ""be right there""." If you want Mexican food with a side of sass and bad service  and the potato in the steak and potato burrito is french fries thrown in the burrito. Very lazy and uninspiring concoction." Advertised as a 24 hour drive through. Drove out of my way. Closed up lights off. You suck feel taco Please stop putting the large fries on top of tacos!!!  It's fucking stupid!  AND NO ONE WANTS BROKEN TACOS! I wonder if THEY jacked up prices too?" "OK food. The soft tacos were sad. Tortillas over cooked Filibertos and Taco Bell are WAY better!  Del Taco (in my opinion) is amongst the weakest (if not the weakest) of fast food Mexican.  ONLY a last resort. "This place is okay.  If I am going to consume a days worth of calories in one meal Well put sarah... but if you want a super quick place for lunch they get you in and out... the food is to be expected... burrtios from a chain resturant...  pork and your choice of beans and cheeses. It's fairly run of the mill and I've been to better ""fast food"" burrito places. More than likely I'd go to the competition first "i dont eat the burritos here. i'm that annoying person who gets the same thing every time (chicken nachos) --- but why fix something that isn't broken?! yes  he wants burritos that taste good! (and cost less)"  how do I spell r-e-l-i-e-f??? I need some now. I hope no one in the cubes outside my office can hear the belching or they will think I've been swilling brewskis at lunch. The first time I thought might be an anomaly  otherwise be prepared for a long long line."  Qdoba falls into the Chipotle category although I feel the portions are definitely more generous than Chipotle. I like to get the Naked Chicken Burrito which is essentially a burrito with no tortilla. So You barely get the 2 stars because the burrito was good."  customer service was great. I'd definitely go back here."  so this place is accessible if you do not have a car."  and is a good substitute for when you can't find said Chipotle." Forgot how good the food is here..Damn they need one in Yuma!!!  but for the most part everyone has been pretty good.  Wish the outside tables were cleaned more often.  They are too dirty 90% of the time to use." This is a great fast food Mexican restaurant.  The queso is best thing to try on the menu.  Coworkers go here every week for lunch.  This place could be a 5 star location except sometimes the service is slow.   You definitely want to get there before 11:30 for lunch. The downside on this Qdoba is that they are closed on Sundays and they are not open very late on Friday and Saturdays."  I made sure that I told everyone in line that they were out of chicken. I was very upset!  NO restaurant should ever run out of something like chicken! I would think that a restaurant would be or even should be embarrassed to be running out of a 'staple' such as chicken  it's fast and it's consistent. Definitely a place that makes for a great lunch. Plenty of outdoor seating and it's not overrun with birds" I love the three steak tacos with cheese. I squirt a little lime over them and it really gives it that good flavor. Most places only have lemons. I love that they have limes. I eat here at least once a week. If I ever find myself downtown again I will definitely stop in again." The service was great but the food was all right.  I've been to several Qdoba's and this one was just not up to par.  and it's frustrating to walk up to a place while you're hungry and have to turn around.  If the company doesn't have a national policy of being closed on Sundays Merry Christmas to Everyone!" I definitely do not recommend this place at all. I am going to stick with Chipotle all the way. My first experience with this restaurant will be the only one. Their  staff need to change their attitude as well."  I've found a new favorite!"  but I got iced tea. The drink station is kind of awkward with the placement of the lids and utensils. Not really a logical flow and feels congested. It was a nice day so we sat at a table outside. Lots of people eating around there. I very much enjoyed my burrito bowl. I think their chicken is so much better than Chipotle's. They really need a Qdoba on the west side in Avondale/Goodyear!"  2015.  I have a sneaking suspicion that the ""Central Taco"" is really just a front to get rid of the leftover food from Qdoba.  Does anyone know what happened?" Was located near Starbucks but no longer there." "Yes this place has close and I was sad .. Cause there was no way I was going back to chipotle after that whole food poisoning scandal ...  But i was please to find out that they relocated and I have been a loyal customer since I was 8 yrs old .. Lol ... Here's the new address guys 7th street and Glendale ... 742 E Glendale Ave  especially since it is right next to the 51.  Trust me.  You need to check it out.  Inside is a bustling family run restaurant that feels like home.  The food is really good.  I have already been back several times since being introduced to Juan's by a friend.  It is destined to become a part of my restaurant rotation." "Not bad mexican food. I like their guacamole - even though it looks like pureed baby food. I usually get a bean and cheese deep fried burrito. The salsa is kinda too hot for me. I have eaten there at least 5 times and the food always seems to not be as hot as I would like Richelle and LJ turned me onto Juan's.  It is Great Authentic Mexican food.  Reasonably priced and nice clean atmosphere.  but I think it's because I'm a bad driver. But still make sure your rear view and side view mirrors are facing the right direction! :P and expect a great meal with no frills or BS pretention Perhaps its better in the winter time sans the swamp coolers and the puking baby?" For under $6 one can order a huge burrito and a large (""small"") bag of chips with salsa to go. Even when the spacious restaurant is crowded  rice and salsa..mix altogther..aka: ""the mixture""...that's all you need on any given hangover or non-hanging day...it's like crack salsa....It has always been very clean and great service...go for breakfast or lunch before 11:15..then after 2...otherwise you will wait a very very very long time...or dinner you can always get a seat....LOVE YOU JUAN!"  not great but the best is the price. Best price for Mexican food around. We go in the early evenings and it's full."  I think it makes my food go cold way too fast. Would I go again? Meh. Maybe. If I was in front of it and felt like big  this place is pretty run-of-the-mill for Mexican food in Phoenix."  service is great!  A friend of mine suggested that we go there because they did very well with the health department inspections.  What a great treat.   If you did not know it was there Furthermore the decor and vibe in the place is lacking. Sitting there reminded me of a pass life experience of eating and waiting at a bus terminal."  especially the albondigas soup. Get a combo with whatever you want This place gets slammed at lunch and I don't think the restaurant does that well of managing the rush.  I have been here a few times and you typically need to wait longer than usual for your food.  The food quality is good and the service is ok if you can catch one of them.  The prices are surprisingly low... overall the place is just ok.  I couldn't even put it all down. And to wash all that down I had a nice sized horchata. My Dad had a quesadilla and was equally satisfied. Mmm  an close to my casa~!~ EVERYTHING and i do mean that is there ggin tastic! good prices  they seem to handle it as well as possible.   the service is always friendly and the portions are huge and cheap.  the salsa is fantastic!  if you're in a hurry  clean & independant."  as is their green enchilada sauce. Also a favorite are their cheese crisps  Juan's will hold a special place in my heart & stomach..."  be prepared to wait a long time for your food...I waited 45 minutes once -yikes! The prices are great though and my family of four ate here for about $24 which is an awesome deal."  I'm pulling out the five stars... their services now is now much faster Nothing too special about this place. Just close to where we live.  was also a letdown. I've had better Mexican food in Alaska. Won't be going here again."  but we'll see). The service was pretty speedy and pleasant so I can recommend it for a quick/cheap bite I had the combo #15 which is a cheese enchilada and a beef or chicken taco w rice and beans. The refried beans were the best part  DEFINITELY give them a try.  Order an old favorite  and a large flour tortilla and they are huge!  The service is always excellent and I have never had any long delays in getting waited on or getting the food.  There is nothing I know of on the menu that isn't tasty.  But This place is consistently good!"  and I liked the old photos of things like Poncho Villa's Wanted poster and other early 1900's historical Mexican events."  they used to be a small hole in the wall on 16th and Thomas... I hate their new locations it's hiddend and parking sucks.  BUt the food is worth it!"  yet it has fresh tasty food coupled with outstanding service. It is also very clean. This full service restauraunt has nothing on the menu over $10 and everything is wonderful including some of the best rice and beans in the valley. the food is authentic and everything is not covered with hot melted cheese. The tamales  you taunt me with your scrumptious #28 (cheese enchilada and chili relleno).  The beau and I recently discovered this place Superior to taco shops and even less expensive.  daughters run front of house with mom and dad and the brother run back of house (except for the cooking) and the register.  Once they know you  and from the first bite I understood her enthusiasm - I wished I had ordered 2 more! The salsa was good enough for me to take home some - I'm kinda tired of the diced-tomato kind "This place is awesome! Great prices DeAnVirgOxQnI36V1W158A  or the supreme nacho's with shredded beef. That machaca is so freaking good. I can eat it by the spoon full!" "I used to love to eat at this place. But it seems everyone goes there and is always packed. Not enough cooks & servers to feed the mass of people who eat there. The staff always seems rude  but I wouldn't go back unless I had no choice." "Prices were cheap however food was served well after others who came in and they literally put Brown gravy on the Mexican food I had the number 12 to go. I was disappointed with this dish. It was greasy and had too much cheese. It was also fairly bland.  you could taste the lard and the salsa is a runny type most likely from a bottle. At least that's what is tastes like. Nothing about the beans and rice stands out. The burritos are well made and are pretty much the highlight of the menu. The prices are cheap $7-8 combos. Good if you are in the area but given the choice of having to take a drive  fairly cheap and friendly. Chicken supreme nachos are delicious as are the chile rellanos"  all by myself. The prices are so affordable too that I can see why customers keep going back. Staff are friendly and service is good too. An all over good go to spot for satisfying your craving for good homstyle Mexican food."  but they do get busy during lunch so sometimes you do have to be a little patient depending on the time you are eating. The food is good and cheap. I recommend the #1 with a soft chicken taco and a green beef burro. I also like the #22 which is a steak burrito with onions I highly recommend Juans!" Family owned homestyle mexican food for the masses. Good flavor inexpensive. quesadillas for the kids and cheese crisps to start while you wait . Guac is good. My fave are the tacos chicken or beef. I have friends who are fans of the green chile really havent had anything on the menu I didnt like. They do serve beer as well. During dinner area is full and they usually have two servers. Always friendly (maybe just not peppy) and even if food isnt fast its not because the workers are sitting around twiddling thumbs. Another way to rate a restaurant is it's cleanliness.  They always get top ratings by the county health department.  They can get really busy at lunch and Friday nights Which reminds me... I'm overdue for a Sooran dog." Is the best!!! Enchiladas are best!! If you want a decent meal at a good price then by all means this will do the trick. If you are going for lunch give yourself plenty of time or call in advance and pick it up. The parking lot is small and fills up quickly." "Juan's is a Phoenix staple in my opinion. I moved here from the Northwest about 3 years ago and I've tried just about every Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix downtown area. Juan's is defiantly up there with the best of them My favorite place for mexican food! i'm here at least once a week. There might be only be a handful of places that have better mexican food but dollar for dollar this place is by far the best!!  the wait can be a little lengthy but it's worth the time and it allows you to enjoy more of their delicious salsa and chips. I recommend the chile relleno or red chile tamale."   if you are driving around and looking for a place to eat you should head over to Juan's.  The wait staff is always really friendly and they go pretty quick too." Juan's is a gem.  We'll definitely be back whenever we have my nephew at Children's (which sadly The burritos are indeed well made and are pretty much the highlight of the menu. The tosdadas shell are not freshly fried (you can see them sitting on a shelf above the grill) Not such a bad place. It has a reputation in some quarters as a sort of Mecca. You'll get good prices on decent Mexican in totally unpretentious surroundings. Not really Mecca "Juan's has the best beef tacos.  And their lemon margaritas are really good too.  Sometimes they get pretty busy but that's because it's good.  The service doesn't really suffer  and their chips always fresh. This is one of those gems that you would never suspect from passing it by on the road. This isn't just another burrito shop  friendly fast service and great prices. Whats not to love about Juans?"  the staff is always friendly and I like the inviting atmosphere. It's a mom/pop hole in the wall neighborhood type restaurant. It can get full  especially the horchatas. Great service and all of the things on the menu are homemade"  a large drink is extra large and medium is large. Sometimes I forget and have this delicious but HUGE Horchata I Ordered the red Machac Burrito with rice and beans enchilada style it came to the table hot there rice and beans are absolutely fabulous I don't think the beans are necessarily fat free but splurge it's worth it they give you chips and salsa when you arrive at the table the chips are hot and Salsa is perfect it was an absolute treat to Fine this place and it would not have been possible if not for Yelp so thank everyone out there yup society you did a good job today D Woo hoo Good traditional Mexican. I should have taken the last posters advise and got my geeen chili burro enchilata style! The salsa is spicy and they serve the drinks in a to go cup so you csn take it with you. DeAnVirgOxQnI36V1W158A Give it a try. You know you ... JUAN to. *dies laughing*"  tacos and  quesedila were good. Overall I had great experience and I can't wait to go back there."  just good food. We live in the neighborhood and have been there many times. Good selection of beers and friendly staff. I think you'll like comfortable atmosphere."  I was not impressed by the tamale on my plate and found the cheese enchilada cold. My husband was also less than impressed by his chile relleno "We are lucky enough that this is our neighborhood spot...it feels like half the people in there are regulars every time we go. Above average quality for super cheap prices  I am glad I did give this place a chance.  For what it is (cheap Mexican food place) it is very good.  I did not love the chips and salsa (free) but the food was fresh and tasty.  Refried Beans This is terrible.  The food is very bland and service is very slow.  The employees act like they're the only restaurant in town.  Do yourself a favor and skip this one. "Place is family owned and operated which is a big plus for me. They serve the authentic Mexican food I grew up with...there are no others around!  I believe the bad reviews are because the people are accustomed to another style of Mexican food Great food ... Best rice and beans from a Mexican restaurant. I like  this place a lot I have my favorite dishes there but after eating there so often I have literly asked the waitress to suprise me and have never been let down." "I live on Mexican food! They have the best Mexican take out seriously! I love the tacos and the burritos here. Also they are pretty quick Prices very reasonable.  Would definitely come here again."  or the steak gorditas in #13.  They're slammed during lunch on weekdays so get there by 11AM or after 1PM." "Really good food at the given price. If you're looking for cheap Would I eat here again? Eh... probably... but there's no feeling of urgency." I have been coming here for 10+ years. The staff is amazing. And the food is delicious! My favorite is the chicken enchiladas.  I highly recommend coming here. One thing I do miss is when they use to delivered. Please please please bring that back. "My favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix. The best food Great food.  Love the chicken tacos and great service!  all I have to say is this is FOOD. Coming from San Diego this is some great food. Glad I could find this place." Total for my meal was $11.12.  Not too shabby for a grip of food.  I ate 3 different things and each one reminded me of some of my favorite Mexican food places from back in CA.  You simply cannot beat that!  Service was very friendly and it felt like you were eating in someones house kind of.  I can't wait to go back to try out some of their other offerings.  I can see this place becoming our families go to Mexican joint.  It's a bit of a drive from where I live (its way closer to work)  shredded and flavorful and they had a lot of great options to try all your favorites. Definitely a gem in the area and I would recommend!" This place is awesome!!  been going here for years the # 1 is the way to go red chili is amazing  shredded  beef tacos are sooooooo good and price is right. Chips are ok salsa is a little more watered down then what I like but it's ok. The best part of this place is food is very inexpensive. Staff is nice. My order has always been accurate. The only thing I don't like about this place is parking. It's such a busy place therefore parking is tight and there's not enough spots to park. Aside from that I give Juans 10 STARS"  love the people love everything about this old school restaurant. 10 out of 10. nothing else to say speechless." This is one of Phoenix's hidden gems! It is family run and you can tell. The food is great and the service is as well. Juans is one of the few traditional Mexican joints left. I highly recommend checking it out. Try the green chili! Please explain how they get the food so hot! I loved the green chili burrito enchilada style. When mama figured out were here she said we had to bring her back a chili reyano (spelling?) We'll be back!  welcoming family run business. The food is authentic and delicious. It's highly recommended!" "LOVE THE BEANS! Great food and great family owned restaurant  pork burrito with green chile and a chicken quesadilla. The quesadilla came out like a pizza - different 7T7oXOr2BOtIZs0WDsKQng I had green chile pork burro enchilada style with green sauce. Holy delicious!! Ate that whole thing and wanted to lick the plate but I showed restraint since I was in public! Can't wait to try other menu items!!!" Place can be incredibly busy at lunch time."  way too much breaking around enchilada Abd pretty bland beans and rice. Cold chips and commercial salsa..."  Juan's is it. The fresh chips and salsa are delicious and plentiful. I always get the taco and enchilada platter: one of each plus rice and beans. This is one of those places where the sides are actually not a throw away - they are so good! The enchilada sauce is divine Would like to try some of their other menu items to give it a better rating." Customer service was also really good. Can tell it is a family spot that values return customers."  come in sizes even for dine-in. The ""medium"" is pretty much a bucket "This place knocked my socks off and I'm still dreaming about it 3 years later. Exactly the kind of unpretentious authentic food experience that we all need in our lives. I don't remember everything I ordered  always dependable and never disappoints. I've been coming here since my high school days and everyone I bring here loves it. Great prices and fast service. I'm a fan of the carne asada nachos and a margarita on the rocks." Juan's is hands down my favorite Mexican place in Phoenix. Everything I've had has been delicious and the prices are very reasonable. Staff is always friendly as well! I work at a large agency not too far from Juan's and everyone is obsessed with the shredded beef tacos. Try the #2 beef. You shall not regret it! I moved here from Tucson over 2 years ago and this is one of two Mexican restaurant that I have found that is as good as anything I can find in southern Arizona. The chimichangas are great and so are the enchiladas which is a staple of any Mexican restaurant atmosphere is laid back and the staff is friendly as can be "I literally saved this place to be my 100th review on Yelp I love it so much. This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in all of Phoenix. I have been coming here for 16 years and while the restaurant has changed tremendously over the years "Juan's has the most amazing potato taco's I have ever had in my entire life.  Most of their food is downright spectacular.  Juan's is known as a hidden gem for local's.  The restaurant does not look like much It's a mature restaurant; would not be surprised if they expand soon." "Sawbthe great reviews for Juans and had to try it out. 2nd time here. Great food. Prices are awesome. Waitress Crystal is super nice  I'm anticipating my paycheck next week so I can return to my favorite mom and pop Mexican food joint! :)" "I'm in *love*! Today was our first time to Juan's. We recently moved into the neighborhood and found it in Yelp. The reviews are great and we discovered that Juan's is just as promised. Authentic. Delicious. Friendly. But... Don't be in a hurry. They're a busy family owned place Best food ; ) come here every week love the works burrito and service is great but parking sucks "One of the best Mexican places in Phoenix. Family run Juan's isn't the worst but I'm not in a rush to visit again" "My favorite Mexican restaurant of all. We used to go to Juan's up to three times a week back in the day. We don't eat out very often anymore but always love going to Juan's. Irma  but I was not impressed. It seemed like your basic run of the milk - nothing special Mexican place. The food was good but it was not super amazing authentic style Mexican. The flavor was very blah. I was disappointed and to be honest the service was not great. Our waitress was friendly but the cashier was obviously wishing she could be anywhere but there. She didn't even try to fake a friendly smile." What a great little place. Was brought here for lunch my some coworkers. Small and authentic looking. Food was very good. I love Mexican food so much. I would rank here very high among my favorites. Definitely coming back. Freshest Mexican food I have ever had. Tortillas tasted like they were made 2 minutes before I walked in. Good portions and good prices. Will definitely be back. Wish all Mexican food could be like this. It's just perfect. Every. Single. Time." This is really nice Mexican restaurant the people are friendly the food is excellent and prices are good I will be returning  make feel at home. "Prices were okay.  Food was okay.  The server tried to take my plate without asking whether I was done  it's good to know businesses like Juan's remain successful. I feel the secret to their success is simple: Good food prepared by good people." The best authentic Mexican food there is and the staff are wonderful. They are always helpful love this place ! i just had the shredded burrito and flan yesterday and it was delish! definitely going back. !! ............. Could be good for someone who has not tried other Mexican food joints or visiting in a group and hence are there for company and so much about food." Pretty good service too.  I'd love to come back and try the infamous chile relleno or the green corn tamales!"  fast and friendly service. One waitress always remembers me and asks about my baby girl when I go in there. (Sometimes after MONTHS of not going in.) This place gets super packed around lunch time but I can see why. Again Absolutely best Mexican food in the Valley. If you don't know authentic Mexican food then you won't like this place but if you do this place will never let you down. Fantastic salsa with chips made on the spot. Juan (the owner) always greets us and says hello. If he doesn't see us come in he will make a point to come by and say hello before we leave. Couldn't say enough great things about this place! DeAnVirgOxQnI36V1W158A It was my favorite place to get Mexican food when I lived in that part of Phoenix." Salsa has a homemade spice to it served with chips. The lunch special menu was simple just one item. So I took a gamble and ordered a milanesa torta. It was delicious but they could of put more mayo or beans to compliment the meat.  but never this bad.  Chips and salsa were old and tasteless.  Taco shells were old--meat was tasteless--rice was cold.  Had a fish taco--Other restaurants serve a piece of fish (usually cod or tilapia)  we decided to abandon ship and sought refuge and nearby Juan's. This turned out to be a great decision. Food was excellent Sunday morning I had to deep clean my kitchen because I was about to hurl from the residual stench of the food.  But that is neither here nor there.  Major points go to Rolberto's simply for providing another alternative to barfy fast food and the Gay Denny's.  The chicken torta and carne asada burritos are good (read - digestable).  But don't blame me if you get sick!!" I've yet to find a really good dirty taco shop around downtown  so I don't knock them for this.  This place is the real deal.  Anyone telling you otherwise is probably a tourist.  Real Tex Mex places should be dive-like  it's because the vehicle in front of you is paying for the #3 in nickels Bumping Rolberto's up a star." This does not live up the ERTO legacy at all. My $11 could have been better spent at Taco Bell tonight."  I've waited a tad longer than I'd have liked to (maybe 2-3 times) but the guys having good senses of humor makes up for that." Their horchata wasn't as good this time either. Maybe it was a fresh batch & needed some more time to set up. Not sure. But it needed more cinnamon."  I'm sure if I was into lengua I'd love that too. The only time you've ever let me down is the chorizo and egg buritto. Even though it was lacking in taste  and pico will make your tummy shut up for a good price.. It's just to bad that the meal doesn't include a drink.  That's just the down side. Everything is all separate price and they'll charge you for everything  just park and order from the window when there's more than two cars in the drive-thru or else chance attacking your sleeve  they have the best burritos in town. It's the only drive through style place I go to for good Mexican food." The BEST carne asada burrito I have ever had!!! I was shocked!!! My friend took me here while visiting AZ and I would have never expected such an excellent meal! I have asked multiple times to go back and am going to make sure I have atleast one more burrito from here before I go home. The meat was very flavorful and the tortilla was so soft and light. You have to go here!!!!  hot melty and perfect. The hot sauce was spicy with a hint of vinegar. I will be full all day! I was skeptical because the outside was sketchy...but I will be stopping again!" XcwbN5fDlyl8qCttcdDGKA  flakey and cracking open. I ordered a bean and cheese burrito for $4.57. It's a simple menu item to make and it's pathetic that the tortilla was so poorly prepared. So tonight when I went there to grab a burrito  the quesedilla is clutch for late and night and this dudes are fast." I rounded it to 4/5 stars but my more specific rating must be broken up by demographic: For Phoenix Natives: 5 stars. For Visitors and Snow Birds: 3 Stars."  as they always default to the hot sauce.  The service is usually good and I know most of the staff.  There have been some times when it wasn't so good "I've eaten at Jordan's Mexican Food for 41 years. I remember burning my finger on a bean burrito when I was 5. I think it was supposed to be a red chili burrito so when I picked it up and bit into it the cheesy beans oozed out onto my pinkie finger ouch... I'm sure I made a big scene. I've always been somewhat of a Drama Queen. I've had great times at Jordans. It's where we would head to on Christmas eve for dinner  I'll call this one a total pass....and I understand why I've never stepped foot in the door in 10 years that I've lived within 3 miles of the place." Mrs. Siegel (7th grade Reading Teacher)" VlG9qxAc4d0em2djaU__xw  but was pleasantly surprised by dinner: Baja tacos and my boyfriend got the shrimp fajitas which we both enjoyed! Staff was below average  but I can't really understand why. The restaurant is run down. The service was pretty awful - it took forever to place our order  it was a good experience.  Whatever.  I suppose these same folks would be fine with a blind date who arrived in dirty clothing & who hadn't showered in a week.   If a Mexican restaurant can't do a decent salsa As another reviewer said- be forewarned.  You run a great risk of being disappointed." VlG9qxAc4d0em2djaU__xw  do yourself (and your wallet) a favor and eat at the Jack-in-the Box down the street. You've been warned." That's the best I can say about this place" "I think Jordan's is a staple for the community. It's one of those restaurants that make you feel like you live in a small town. I've been going to Jordan's since before I could walk. My dad grew up eating Jordan's with his friends and we always went here for a quick mexican bite. Now I'll tell you I didn't always love the salsa. It's strange and I can't explain why but after years and years of coming here as a kid I fell in love with it. I now probably eat Jordan's at least once a week. The food is affordable and while the service isn't ""express"" the wait staff is always friendly. A few of them even remember my order before I order it. For the people who think it's gross. Not every place has amazing everything. Jordan's definitely has its super star items. I always get the tamales  one of the few places remaining that serve this sauce rather than some sort of ""sausa with pineapple and mangos"" [pop lips].  The Jordan's I eat at has solid Mexican food at a reasonable price without the fufu nonsense that many other purported Mexican restaurants engage in to satisfy the ignorant hords that have moved to Arizona from the Midwest  and the staff treats you like you're family.  It's a very relaxing neighborhood restaurant and a great value!"  until I discovered the awesome fresh chunky salsa a couple weeks later (you have to asked them for it!).  We go to Jordan's at least once every week/every other week.  The food is very good  and then to get my food... Not awesome. The waiter was a cool guy. But he was literally the only guy working the whole floor." "Terrible. For a city so lavishly seasoned with some of the best Mexican food on the planet  it came out in less than 14 minutes. And it was pretty good. I should have asked for soft tacos instead of hard but the meat was good and the toppings were decent. The salsa was odd though. I'm used to thick and chunky but this salsa reminded me of pasta sauce and that was odd but I ate it." VlG9qxAc4d0em2djaU__xw  but if you want the best traditional mexican food served by the same family for generations One of my fav spots for mexican food now  and my friend got the # 7! My meal included guacamole & I'm so glad it did because it was also delish! It was actually made with fresh avocados  and there were quite a few people dining while were were there. Its almost like a being in a basement or recording studio. The ceiling has these very large wood beams and the bathrooms were unexpectedly nice and clean. I really hate giving this 2 stars. I might go back  food is Americanized Mexican with a twist- try the chicken tacos and the cheese crisp" "I love this little old place.  They are friendly and serve the kind of Mexican food one used to find often in Phoenix (but not any longer).  It remains a family-run business and they want to make sure that you enjoy yourself.  It is an older building and is a little dark  highly disappointing and completely non-authentic." "Just don't eat here.  I didn't know that Heinz made salsa.  Just can't seem to find anything positive to say about this place.  This is a town with a plethora of Mexican Restaurants "I have been going to Jordan's since the mid 1960's and it has been a family institution ever since.  I grew up going for tacos every single Friday.  Birthday's and all family visitors were whisked to Jordan's and thus the traditions began.  I had a server named Lottie for my entire life until she passed away.  Servers stay there and there has to be a reason for that.  The food is ""comfort food"" and just reminds you of something that you've known your whole life.  My children grew up on Jordan's every time they went to Grandma and PaPa's house.  By the time they left for college I usually get the no.7 red or green and it's always satisfying. I also love the chimichanga and the portions are very generous."  we ended up throwing it away and ordering pizza and it's safe to say I won't be returning here again!" I read plenty of bad reviews and I totally disagree.  I absolutely loved this place.  And I've been looking for a good Mexican restaurant for quite a while...!  Excellent food and excellent service! I love this place!! The waiter -short male--is so friendly!! The best item on the menu is the chicken fajitas!! The best I'd ever had. It was worth the money. Everything was amazing and the tab was only $30 dollars. The server was super friendly and professional Unbelievably rude service. The nice gentleman at the front who told us to sit anywhere was the only pleasant portion of this visit. It took the waitress 5 minutes to even bring us menus another 3 to get water. The waitress came over rudley asked if we were ready. I asked for a beer list she snapped at me that they dont have one. I asked what they had she snarled just tell me what you want. I think my disgusted look indicated I was not going to guess what they keep in their bar.  She finally snapped at me what my options were I ordered and we skipped dinner as I couldn't stomach being treated poorly an entire meal. My 2 minute interaction was enough. This is a family owned business so support them and other locally owned businesses."  green chile burrito enchilada style.  Good service quick and pleasant!" "I found this place during my lunch break. I didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. The booths are comfy and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. I feels authentic and the waiter was funny and attentive. The food came out fast. I ordered the beef machaca and it took up half of the large plate. The beef was savory and tender  large get togethers !  They are well established in the community !  Thumb's Up !  I Will be Bach :-) By the way  and my husband got some combo plate.  Also got a cheese crisp.  No complaints about anything.  Service was fast and friendly.  Mexican food is my absolute favorite and I have eaten almost everywhere.  This may be my new fav!" I ordered a beef soft corn tortilla taco and a side of beans. I loved the chunky salsa. It had a little kick. The guacamole was very good and usually I'm very picky about how I want my guacamole. The food came fast. The restaurant was very nicely decorated and I liked the Mexican songs in the background. The customer service is great. The manager is very friendly. I would definitely come again. "I use to eat at the Jordan's that was located off Central and Thomas years ago when I worked across the street a bunch of us would go weekly and looked forward to it each week. I forgot about this location until I passed it not to long ago and decided since I work not to far to head there for lunch. I got seated right away and served chips and salsa (just like I remembered it) I ordered the personal size cheese crisp with green chilies and a bean Tostada ....well  I ordered a 'side salad'.. the salad itself seemed fine.. but they clopped a ton of dressing on top of the salad.. so I had to carefully 'stir' my salad  dingy atmosphere.  We ended up getting a beer and then going to a real/different Mexican restaurant."  they are good and up to par with most other Mexican food establishments around town." I have been coming here for about 30 years. It is still owned by the same people. Their Mexican food is delicious. I especially like the chili relleno  and their cheese enchiladas. I recently had a cheese crisp with the green chili strips melted into the cheese.  It was fantastic.  The inside needs a little remodeling. But it has the old-school look to it. I will be coming back here for many more years! It has an old school comfortable feel w the big booths and dim light. The dress is totally casual but you'll def see cute older couples w/ their ""fancy shirts"" on for their night out.  I totally recommend going ;)" Meh is right. We are trying all the Mexican spots around us and this one was a little too greasy for me. I will say it was probably the best service we have had at a Mexican restaurant so keep that up!  and probably that was when it was done and never updated. The menus came with dried up food on mine. They eventually came and brought us typical chips and awful salsa. It was served in q maple syrup dispenser and had the consistency of tomato paste. You couldn't pour it so you had to remove the top and scoop it out with a spoon. It tasted a little like flavored tomato paste as well. When our server came by we asked for a drink menu and he pointed to his head  food is excellent. Been coming here for years. We crave the green beef enchiladas and the ground beef tacos. Meet is tender and not fatty. Food is soul satisfying.  My only regret in giving five stars is we don't want it to get busy. We love the staff some have been here as long as we have been coming." Would I come here again.  Yes!" "Went in at 4;45 for an early dinner.  Waited 5 minutes Best beef enchiladas in the world!  which equates to the packets of pizza sauce that comes with a Lunchable (seriously...tomato paste and maybe some salt and pepper). The food was less than mediocre and quite expensive for the quality and quantity received. I was seriously looking forward to an authentic Mexican dish after having read some of the posts here and what my son and I got for nearly $22 Chips were good. Salsa was ok. Service was ok. Owner did walk around checking on people. been wanting to eat here for a while. was sadly disappointed." "Not a bad place.... It is defiantly more tex-mex than authentic... but they have Mexican beer  it's location has a been a great center meeting point with friends.  The food is never disappointing and service has always been good.  Very good actually.  Oh the stories I could tell about our friend doing some super heavy flirting with one of the waiters.  Though at that level it's hardly even flirting anymore.  More like a direct offer.  But anyhow... He handled it smoothly as silk.  This would lead me to guess they have a pretty good bar  but do yourself a favor and grab some authentic mexican that us Phoenicians are blessed with when it comes time to eat."  which is really bad in my book. A person orders mole because they like flavor! No one else in my party complained aloud about their food (but neither did I since I was eating for free) 0K35eGvzVRZEirNo5v_WfA 11/26/2011 We held our wedding rehearsal dinner at Ajo Als on the patio. It was perfect. The service was wonderful. The food was plentiful and great. The space was nice for a large group of people. We had around 40. The patio could have easily fit many more!"  to be served Garden Fajitas swimming in oil. So much oil I think that by consuming my entree it might serve as a laxative as well as a meal. I didn't eat the fajitas  I go for the Salad Carbone with Chicken.  It's seriously one of the best salads I have ever had.  They marinade the chicken in something wonderful "I dig this place. It's the closest thing to a sure thing in the area for me as far as Mexican food is concerned. The shrimp fajitas rock  but it certainly isn't because it isn't delicious.  Definitely looking forward to it this year!"  what more do you want?" The place is usually packed and I have always had great service." I know there are tons of other non-chain mexican places in Phoenix and I will try them all!!  I love mexican food!!  But I will come back to Ajo Al's too.  I'd like to try a margarita next time.  :)" Shrimp Tacos Morongos.  There may be no better shrimp taco on this side of the border.  overall Ajo Al's gets a B for food quality but a D for prices.  The salsa helped me arrive at my three-star rating for this place.  With minor changes  fun...... a good place to hang and take mom for dinner..."  no wait and plenty of parking but that's where the positive stopped. Service was insultingly slow  considering it's Mexican food and awful. Sure glad my Uncle Al could cook better than this." I'd like to give it another shot before I totally condemn a place that is obviously popular  my girlfriend and her brother got food poisoning from here yesterday! that's just gross!" "I went with my co-workers today and I had a Chicken Taco Salad. The service was fast enough for the place being full This place is a good average mexican food restaurant. I would say its comparible to Macyos. We did get something on there menu that I have not seen anywhere else . It was enchiladas with mashed potatos shredded beef and a really good sauce on it. I would get it again for sure  when ever i make it back . They get packed for lunch!!!  this location is great. The Mexican pizza is just stupid good. Chips and salsa are delicious. I am not a fan of chain restaurants but Ajos has seemed to do a good job of controlling quality and they have never let us down."  too. I love their beef chimichaunga and it's delicious every time."  check out the bathrooms. Very nice!" A favorite of mine. Probably the one restaurant that I've been to the most in the 10 years I've been here in Phoenix. Love the Mexican Short Stack. I enjoy going here although it is far from authentic Mexican cuisine. You gotta get the mushroom brown sauce it's killer. I enjoy combo number eight with the brown sauce added. Stay away from all of the chicken dishes they are bland and dry.  beans and rice too salty. Only thing I feel confident in recommending is the Mexican pizza app w/ chicken. Big enough to share.  Other than that Couldn't ask for more on a 115 degree day :)" I will definitely return to this location.  Great food and service." If you're looking for decent Mexican food near the Biltmore/Camelback area One of my most favorite places to eat. I've been there no less than a 50 times over the years. Love the chips and salsa and everything I've tried has been delish.  you should check these guys out for that. The restaurant itself is nice on the inside and they have a nice bar so you won't be disappointed if you want a drink and some munchies on the way home from work. My advice Oh so Yummy! Letter E lunch special!  I've been going to Al's for YEARS now.  They have some of the BEST Tex-Mex food anywhere!  Their chicken has *ALWAYS* been very moist and tasty.  I highly recommend trying them out!  a girl couldn't ask for more.  I also appreciate their willingness to substitute on menu items.  Here I can get the pollo fundido with shredded beef  they did a number on my digestive system the next day..  Good choice for Mexican but does not really stand out from any of the other various choices." Ordered steak fajitas which were very tough. Both the side servings of retried beans and rice were bland.  Overall there was a lack of favor as it seems their recipes do not allow for some spices.  A little cumin in the beans would make a huge difference   The rice was the most bland.  The  quantity was great but this is no trip to flavor town. "I had a wonderful meal here on a Friday night. Not too busy and was seated in a quiet room in the back. I ordered the special ""candy jalapeno margarita"" to start. it was delicious and unique - it tasted like candy and then had a hint of spice as you swallowed. I ordered the combo #2  but the veggies were burnt beyond recognition.  Good service.  Too expensive for quality of food.  I'd rather go to Macayos or Filibertos." The one thing I can't figure out is their salsa strategy.  There are chips and two different types of salsa.  One is served in a little cup and is way too spicy for me.  The other (delicious salsa) is served in a carafe  we went on a Sunday afternoon and there weren't many people there."  but the food was tasty.  I thoroughly enjoyed my mushroom enchiladas...yummy and the lunch portion was just the right size!  Beware...the food comes out piping hot and takes a long time to cool down.  The chips and salsa were really good too."  but I tried calling four times and never got an answer. When I informed the manager who took my order once I arrived he just shrugged and said 'It's busy'. The food came out in a timely manner. When I arrived back to collect my order  good portions and reasonable prices. Staff was courteous and served in a timely manner." I've passed this place several times and finally ate there. I've been twice now and the food is decent. The pomegranate margaritas are awesome! They have a good selection of things and are usually quick with service. It's not amazing but its been pretty good both times. http://www.ajoals.com/menu/    We were at the Camelback location."  and friendly service. Ajo Al's has never let us down. Love the tacos Miranda & the skinny margaritas for something a little on the lighter side."  salsa was tasty but not very spicy.  I asked our server whether the red or green chile was spicier.  He stated the salsa was hotter than either of them.  I am glad he was honest but I was a little disappointed.  I had the spinach enchiladas which were actually quite tasty.  Wait staff was very attentive.    It's not terrible Our favorite Mexican food place here in Phoenix. It's a New Mexico style place so if you are looking for traditional style this isn't your place. We always get the Pollo con Queso. The spiced cream cheese is amazing.  Hot and fresh chips with salsa.  The mild salsa is a bit too sweet for me but I love their hot. Service is usually excellent.  and continued to burn as they sizzled on the skillet they bring them on. (smokey burnt smelly mess in my opinion) Definitely won't be going back to this location ever again. Hopefully my experience isn't valley wide and I will have better luck at the Glendale one XTJM-IkRS0DC9fzJz4-Hig Mr. wonderful owner will be hearing from me soon - when I sue him in small claims court.  Had he been a decent human being  which was moderately spicy. Their sopapillas are the highlight of the menu. Not since living in New Mexico have I had such fresh and fluffy sopapillas. Pass on the option to have them served with ice cream or sugar. Have them served plain and then drizzle them with honey. It's makes for a great dessert. Another highlight is Ajo Al's Southwestern ambiance  which is not really advertised is if you want a ""skinny margarita"" the current prices is $8.50 and if you want a ""double"" the cost is $14.50.  At that price I am looking at Ztejas instead (which is right up the street).  But overall  but I have to admit its been a little hit or miss the last few years. The service is still pretty good and I still really enjoy my carnitas tacos a lot! We've had a couple instances where we got the chicken salad carbon and the chicken just wouldn't be marinated one night. Or the salsa would just taste a bit off. But overall My husband introduced me to Ajo Al's and it's become one of my favorite Mexican food restaurants in AZ! Love their salsa and the menu food is always fantastic. The service is good and fast. We had my husband's birthday dinner here and they were great about accommodating our large group. Great place! The salsa is so good I eat too much of it every time. Pollo con Queso was so good too. Anything that has a pound of cream cheese on it is right by me. The last time I came here I wasn't too impressed but yesterday I went with a friend for lunch and I really liked it. The chips and salsa they serve you when you first sit down are average but I liked how they do give you two types of salsa right off the bat. No need to ask for a spicier one. I ordered the Poco Polla con Queso off the lunch menu. It came with rice and beans for $9.00. It was quite a lot of food for lunch and I ended up taking half of it home with me. I got the black beans and they were pretty good but a little bland. So was the rice. I had to salsa to both of them to give them a little more flavor. But the Poco Polla was excellent and I would go back again. Ajo Al's is a pretty solid Mexican restaurant for Phoenix.  All of the traditional favorites that you're used to ordering are well executed.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  The margaritas are tasty.  Check out the tacos morango or the queso dip. "One of the better Mexican Restaurants in Phoenix & one of my favorites. A very good selection here Probably won't go back." http://www.attorneysteve.net"  the chicken fajitas are pretty good (although it's like pulling teeth if you want more than two tortillas for a huge plate of veggies and a couple chunks of meat)." My husband and I go here when we want Mexican food and we love it. Great people and friendly service. I will be going back to Ajo Al's again soon."  chips and salsa. Fast on lunch menu service. Chicken Chimichanga was decent The service was great and the food came up quick. The salsa was good and the chips were endless which is always a great thing to have at a Mexican spot. I just wasn't blown away by anything. Nothing stood out as above average."  I recommend the chicken tacos morongo and a margarita :)" "I like this place but it is a little over priced. The food is good and pretty authentic and i had good service but it wasn't anything amazing. I got a margarita and it was STRONG Oh and the spicy salsa was phenomenal!"  welcoming feeling of a big restaurant but the taste of authentic Mexican!" I have been eating her for over 20 years.   moved to California and every time we come back for a visit  Ajos is a must stop for us.   we usually end up taking extra orders of the queso back to Cali with us. nom nom nom The Mexican pizza add beef and cream cheese is to die for!  Their fried ice cream is the best ever.  The chili relleno is very flavorful and delicious.   My favorite Mexican food  restaurant! One note for this and other Mexican restaurants. Why are people charged more when you order something with out rice and beans? Most of the time the amount of food minus the rice and beans is way more than enough. I can't tell you how many times I see plates with rice and beans left on them. They just get thrown away." -Food is phenomenal and that's why I continue coming."  sweet people. About a third of the time I'm not even the first one to say ""How are you doing?"" It's you guys asking it the second you walk in the door. It's you guys who make conversation when I sometimes have nothing to say. I am forever grateful to have awesome customers like you guys and had a pleasure serving." "I haven't been to Ajo Al's in about 12 years (since I left to go to college) but it is still just as good as it used to be. I had the chicken fajitas 0K35eGvzVRZEirNo5v_WfA "WOW how nice it is to find a great Mexican Restaurant and so close to home!  Great service Bring us a pitcher of Margaritas and we are set."  we sat for 10 minutes before even being approached and we waited at least 15 trying to track down the waitress to get the check. Waitress was very pleasant though." Ajo Al's is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  It's such a great place and has awesome food.  The carnitas are out of this world!  Say 'hi' to Danny if you get a chance.   i found myself drenching it in the salsa just to find it half way decent.  This place has to be the worst Mexican food I've had.  Cute atmosphere and service wasnt as bad as some reviews suggest but needless to say we will not be returning." However owner did reach out to apologize so I'll give it another try...." Had a great experience tonight even though it was rocky at first with a switch in server. Food took a while but they got busy pretty quick! It was delicious and good as always. Kristen took care of us after our first waiter did not come back and she did a great job! Attentive and great people skills. Thank you. We always continue to come back. "This place has been a long time favorite of mine and I just returned during a recent visit to Phoenix and was reminded why it is so great.  The salsa is particularly good "LOVE their food. Their chips and salsa are always delicious and fresh. The Pollo Fundido (they call it something else Found this little gem by accident. It was the best accident ever! Such delicious food! So fresh and well prepared. The ambiance is perfect for a late lunch. "Have had lunch here several times as this is one of my co-workers favorite places. It's your typical Mexican fare Best Queso in town. Love burritos and the taco salad. Pollo con Queso is the best. It's extremely filling but so worth the calories. I always get it NOT deep fried. Chips are made fresh and they have a yummy spicy salsa. Kind of pricey so I typically only go during lunch. They have great specials. "$2 mini frozen blended margaritas for Monday happy hour! They're not mini at all I love going here for Mexican food. The food is always great and hot!  Service here is good too. Was there with the kids one evening and the server brought out a kids menu and crayons for them to draw with.  and carnitas tacos.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.  The chips and salsa were great.  Great service.  What more can you ask for.   Looking forward to a return trip and try some of their other items.  Thumps AND forks up!"  great service. Highly recommend the steak fajitas. Large potions and non-stop chips and salsa! (They also have a spicier salsa that is amazing)" Love their shreaded beef burro and wonderful chips and salsa wonderful employees great environment We had a work lunch there today. Food was great service was amazing. There were 26 people in our group. Everyone was very pleased with their meal. Server even split our bills! Great Fajitas and fried ice cream. But it's challenging to have conversations with the people you come with. But we love the place :)  but extremely slow. She seemed to have no kind of interest in taking our orders after we all stopped looking at our menus. Didn't ask if we wanted dessert before handing our bill. We waited about 15 min before she came back for the bill just for us to add more to our bill. It just wasn't very great service." Terrible service. My husband placed a to go order and asked for water. They treated him as if he we homeless and asked him to wait by the door for his food. We come here often and have never been treated this way.  Definitely NOT a happy customer.  large portions on food however the Margaritas are small in size. The chips are really good  it's cute with modern southwestern art and comfortable booths. Great salsa (don't forget to ask for the salsa Verde which has habaneros and is super spicy) and really thin chips. My favorite things to get here are the steak fajitas "Has gone down hill since I've been going... The last straw was the change of the nachos... They now suck and they used to be my favorite in the valley!! Smaller If you're coming here for the first time - don't be intimidated by the menu. It's very busy (they need a redesign with a new graphic designer asap) but they carry all the Mexican-American basics. The service is pretty standard but it's certainly worth checking out if you're looking to try a New Mexican place." I like the queso dip and chicken fajitas"  hot and mild salsa and my husband's favorite the jalapeo ranch. I had the Carne Asada burro Dinner with beef. And it was packed with beef. My husband had the lunch E which was the Paco Pollo Con Queso  (Chicken and cheese) very good. So we spilt each in half and enjoyed."  my husband and I are done with searching and lamenting! It is just so yummy. I am a creature of habit and get the Pollo Con Queso every time  and FIND A DIFFERENT PLACE TO GO OUT TO EAT." "Family has been going here since the late 90's. I always get the same dish. Pollo Con Queso. The last few times we visited somethings have changed. The table salsa was way to HOT. This Gringa couldn't even eat it. And then- The jalapeno cream cheese on my Pollo con queso had chunks of jalapenos  sure. But was I wowed  but you better be hungry!!  The only issue I have had is with service.  Our first server didn't decide it was important to tell us that the menu was per couple not per person.  We spent double the money required and had WAY TO MUCH FOOD.  Not overly convenient when you are headed out for the night after.  The second server was just not very attentive.  All in all good place and I will be back." BEER---- worst comment about this place... Draft beer is luke warm. And the bartender responds our lines are hot in the summer..the time beer is drank the most..poor engineering figure that shit out!"  and that left me with nearly a teaspoon full of guac. guess next time the guac will have to be homemade. one very surprising treat was the churro. it was very sweet and fluffy not the run of the mill under cooked center with crispier than crispy edges. i would definitely go back just for the churro with a cup of coffee...yummy i can just taste it now. hope i remember." P.S. I know my rule is go 3x before 5 stars but that doesn't apply to ""fastish"" food."  fresh burrito bowl that totally fills you up.  And I love the salsa bar...if you get bored with one you can get a different one next time...or mix and match."  it's a clean facility with fresh food and many different options.  I'm still thinking about my langostino tacos  is that this place always seems to be insanely busy every time I go on lunch during the week.  I don't always have time to blow 20 minutes on my lunch to go here ~ The salsa bar has some really nice options." Had lunch here today! Very good experience. Considering they were super busy for the rush. Got my food in a reasonable amount of time. And it was cooked to perfection! "I came here to get dinner to go tonight.  I got a steak bowl and Shrimp Tacos with rice and beans. Each dinner came with rice and your choice of Black Beans or Pinto beans. We both choose Black beans has iron and protein.  Both meals came with chips and y9ou can choose from 6 different salsas.  Everything was really good and as the name promises   but this place is always fantastic. I like the fresh food   I am trying to eaty here! I don't want dust flying up into the air and landing on my food! They have done this there a few times now!  Why do they have to sweep & mop right next to the customers! It's annoying & insanitary I feel...  The ceiling fan s were also on full blast  and fast this is a good option. I like the different salsas especially the mango when it's in season. It's in a great location with plenty of parking spots  if you sign up for their Club Baja online they send you emails every so often for $2 of $8 or $5 off $15 OT0gFIAr_c-d3i-IQ6TZQg I've been going here for years but enough is is enough.  Last straw was Friday night and I walk in at 6p and they are out of salsa... Like the whole salsa bar empty (the one with the broken sneeze guard that hasn't been fixed in over a year).  How the heck does that even happen?  Place is dirty too.  Doesn't seem like they have a manager there anymore.  When across the street to Chipotle and never going back.  nothing fancy with a twist- just good ol' Mexican food.  You know the kind you eat and say ""why oh why did I just eat all that?"".  I come here ever so often.  I had the carnitas just recently and was was very happy with my meal.  Have Fun!  Prices range anywhere bettwen $9-$15ish."  they have a heat scale next to the chili items. They can't make their food too hot  for me. Everything I've had here has been good. Service is usually good The food is quite spicy. So be careful of what you order. I have been there twice now and was very satisfied both times.  They make a great Mango Margarita."  there is no other way to avoid Camelback rush hour than by stopping at Arriba for a marg or five (and then calling a taxi home... right?)." Service however is slightly disappointing. The servers are either not there or too in your face. There needs to be a balance i came here earlier today for lunch with my dad and some of his coworkers. the staff wasnt great. they got orders all wrong. food was average. ive had wayyy better in southern california. doubt i'll go back to this place."  and I can't find anything that compares.  I love the salsa and bean dip with chips.  The combination meals are great.  Their chimichangas and burritos are fantastic.  What I also love is that the portions are large  they have levels of spiciness for the hotter dishes on the menu -- five chili peppers next to the description means you better be able to handle the heat they serve!!" "Not good for vegetarians. They put meat in EVERYTHING. There is nothing like getting a ""vegetarian"" meal to find meat chucks floating in the sauce. In addition  the Pollo al Diablo is my favorite and features a grilled chicken breast covered with fiery Hatch chile and monterey jack cheese.  It's one of their more well known dishes and is not for novices.  I am not responsible for your indigestion or hyperventilations.  Just sayin." If you're looking for chain Mexican food....stick with Macayos.  I've gotten nothing but bad food here and bad indigestion. Food quality is poor and is on par with Taco Bell.  Just drive a little further to somewhere else. It's one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the valley." "A favorite lunch spot of mine.  If you get there before 11:30 am they have a ""recession friendly"" menu where almost everything on the lunch menu is $5.95.  Quite a deal considering the portions."  so who knows. Maybe it was just an off night for me.  The desserts did look amazing so maybe some other time we'll check it out for sweets."  another friend and I like to frequent Arriba for their happy hour margaritas.  The chips and salsa are excellent  and sometime you can feel like they're rushing your through. But the food is savory and very  just decent eats.  Good for our Sat. early lunch. Didn't have a margarita."  affordable food. Convenient locations thorughout the valley.  Only woarning is to not go on Sundays.  KIDS EAT FREE on Sundays and apparently that equals been coming here for years and i still love it."  Arriba's is the place to go. If you dont drink and are a weenie like I am with spicy food  and I mean no one does hatch chilies like Arriba Mexican Grill. Every Sunday the haul out the fire roaster and roast chilies all day long. You can buy them $5 a pound. Now If your into Mexican food  but how could you mess up deep fried apples and tortillas dipped in cinammon and sugar.  The only  thing good I have to say about this place is that every time I ordered a beer the waitress brought me one immediately and then about 20 minutes later the busboy would bring another out to me thinking I never received the first  they seem like they would be a great place for someone who likes spicy meat.  Or cheap happy hour margaritas." Service is usually good. I normally just cruise in and sit at the bar. Can't wrong with service with the bartender standing in front of you the whole time. :)"  and the food there is superior to Arriba's." I highly recommend this place to anyone in the Phoenix area... you won't be disappointed."  clear and crisp with a thin body. The pilsner I had could be described as a confused Hefeweizen." This was a nice little mexican restaurantt.  Had good food.  Menus were large and plentyful.  Price was reasonable.  Staff was friendly.  Can't really complain about it.  and I usually enjoy spicy food. It would probably have been a much more enjoyable meal if it weren't partly like torture trying to finish the fiery food. The service was very friendly and attentive Festive environment. The booths in the bar area a little snug." ib-y5nsfn3unE0lLY1vfAw  parking sucks. Staff are friendly. Food is nice and spicy. Tastes really good though  and in my opinion the flavor and texture of the food was similar to what I would expect from any drive thru 'berto establishment. I don't mind that type of food when I'm paying 4 dollars and expecting to throw away a bunch of styrofoam.  But 40 dollars for two people for lunch and one drink each was money that could have been spent buying taco bell and a six pack of bottled margaritas  and warm bean dip.  Food is mediocre.  Service okay to good.  I've been here a half a dozen times and think it's consistently okay.  I'm yet to find a mexican food restaurant I really like (for dinner  because that's what we should have done in the first place." I've never had a bad service experience here. It can be a little slower at times but the staff is always nice and attentive." ib-y5nsfn3unE0lLY1vfAw "I feel like this is partially my fault for eating at a Mexican food place with a neon billboard in front. Someone told me it was good so I decided to go the margaritas were just right and the chips and dips were yummy. I ordered the floutas and yuck! The meat could not have been beef "Almost three years later and I still love coming here. The food has become more expensive Huge menu and great looking deserts too.  Give it try What were we thinking? :)"  and We'll be Back!!!"  ""Curried BourbonLimeChicken with Chiles"" I made for ArabianNights that You and Your Man were lovin'. Yeah these Chile's...." "P.P.S. The 1.99/lb HatchChile Special has ended  and daughter's enchilada was excessively oily.  Excluding the oily cheese and the prices it wasn't that bad.  We would go back again.  They seem to have some decent specials." I think we'll go back sometime to try out other dishes to try to get that rating up a bit. If you go for happy hour then the prices are very reasonable..." It's an ok place with reliable quality and decent atmosphere. The chicken con queso is good Pollo con queso is ridiculous! Huge menu. Also try the white sands sauce. You get what you pay for.  The food is inexpensive but taste that way.  The only thing good is the bean dip and salsa that you get at the beginning of the meal along with hot corn and flour chips.  The rest of the meal is bland.  but no more Taco Tuesday for me. Not here." We ordered some guac dip to go with the chips and salsa (spicy but good spicy) and left satisfied.  The server we had was great I love the hot sauce here and the bean sauce you get with the chips. It's very reasonably priced and the food rocks. I don't think I've ever had anything bad. The wait staff can be a bit slow at times but that's only when really busy. Super friendly too! I won't go back. Ever." Please don't waste your money.  This is such a poor example of no service and bad food.  I expected to get food poisoning after this experience."  I enjoyed the fish of the day with yummy rice I love this place. I usually get the fajita quesadilla. They also have great guacamole. I've always had nice service and never had to wait for a table.  their margaritas for 2 is good shear with ur company ;-) from their menu i liked the chicken Can't wait to go back."  & refried beans appetizer was a great start to meal as well. My friends have already planned the next visit in which I will try the swirled strawberry/mango margarita which is 24 oz for 6.99. Sounds like a steal. I hope the flavor is above the price."  but the last few times that I have been it was not so good. The service was awful and the wait was too long. Also I was not to impressed with any of the food that day." The food was great! But it was really expensive for a Mexican food joint. I love the hatch chilles that they put in a lot of their meals. I must have had the best food on fri night..best server..I forgot to ask his name dark hair  maybe Eric??I asked to have a take home box  ..He even brought a small container for the really good salsa..  $14.99.  The chicken and steak were not only plenty but very tasty.  The dips served with the nachos are also tasty.  My one complaint were the drinks. We ordered the Sunrise Margarita which is a cobination of Mango and Strawberry.  Although quite tasty is lacked KICK if you know what I mean ;) ."  Queso Fundido is hot and spicy love the spinach enchiladas. It's pretty good food."  and doesn't make me want to go all SB-1070. I thoroughly enjoy their enchiladas and burritos. It's a great place with a date or with a group. The staff is very diligent and polite and speak english as their first language."  but it's not showing up on profile today but it does on my app  and to top that all off $1.00 margaritas (yes I said $1.00) during happy hour before 6:00 pm... can't beat it!" I like how much there is on the menu and so far everything on the menu has been very tasty.  The service is usually always good. I recommend and will return!"  and getting in and out can kind of be brutal with the traffic on Camelback. Overall  so the decor/service are all acceptable.  The hostess sat us immediately and our server took our orders.  I love the unlimited chips & salsa that come with every meal.  The salsa was surprisngly good!  I ordered the rio grande enchilada with pulled pork (they call it something else  but the right amount of kick.  Homemade flour tortillas were great and we added a side of jalepeno bacon.  Very tasty.  Price just a bit high." Food is plentiful as well as their size of their margaritas. Price is moderate The only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars is that the restaurant itself is starting to show its age around the edges and you can see the wear and tear in the decor itself.  I think it's time for the owners to shut it down for a day and do a massive floor to ceiling deep cleaning and give it some fresh paint.  Then they'll deserve 5 stars.  :)" We recently went to the Arriba in Tempe (or Awatukee?) and the service was awful I usually try to avoid ""chain"" mexican restaurant  it  is always good I have not had a bad meal here ever. The staff is friendly and the service is excellent. I also recommend their chili relleno.  Their prices are moderate and the portions are generous. If you want good New Mexico style mexican food in Phoenix Fun atmosphere!  Nice menu selection. David the waiter was great.  Drinks are huge but don't taste much alcohol!  Better Mexican places...  probably the biggest down fall is the older location and the need for a good face lift. Other than that  and the hot sauce is very tasty. I would go back and just munch on the chips and dips that they bring you I'll definitely want to come back!"  he left and finally returned 20 minutes later with the meal removed.  Annoyed with the slow service I tried to return the bill with my credit card immediately.  I was ignored and waited another 20 minutes for him to return to take my money.  Save yourself a lot of aggravation and disappointment and go somewhere else."  the waitstaff are criminals. No wonder they are about to lose their business." The great thing about it (and something that this review might change somewhat) is that the Sunday morning crowd seems to not know about it Yeah um this place rocks. Cool bar area. The bomb  but tonight I have really had to examine my love of this restaurant. It has been at least 6 months since I ate there and I was really excited about going back. I was seated in the back room. I immediately noticed that it looked like it needed a deep cleaning. My table was clean  they were both available so I headed over and started with the Michelada part while waiting on them.  I had forgotten how good their bean dip is and put a lot of it away while waiting on my companions.  the enchilada was a tad disappointing though...I don't know if I was too full or too spoiled by other ""New Mexican"" joints in the hood but the sauce was lacking  but what I tried makes me think the menu is promising. Wow. Yum. And they have a daily special that's happy hour prices. Not to mention the awesome chips and dip (mild Great atmosphere and service.  Food is too spicy for me but that's my problem.  and I couldn't drink the whole thing myself!  I think it was only $8.00 for that large Margarita "So Christmas ""dinner"" was kind of an afterthought this year...travelling and a time warp sort of forced that on our little merry band and we were famished by 9PM.  We went to a couple of other places first "Arriba's Mexican Grill is probably one of my least favorite places to go for Mexican. I am compiling a list of the best chips and salsa in Phoenix. I personally think that the food is bland and doesn't really have that authentic flavor. I wasn't a huge fan of their salsa either. The prices and service was fine. I don't think their food is horrible e4asU9VABdygEo5dcFI1tg "I like this place for the most part. I find the service good and have never had a problem with the staff. They have great chips with salsa and beans to eat before the food comes which always tide the family over while we wait. They have $.99 margaritas and they also have jumbo ones (I love the big strawberry margarita... awesome.) My go-to entree is the two tacos with rice and beans. The first time I came here I loved the service and food but the last two times I came I'm all about the Chips & Salsa.  My usual Happy Hour fix here: Queso Fundido & Chips and an Iced Tea. Always great service. I can't wait for tomorrow's Happy Hour here. Cheers*** Waiter & staff friendly enough.  Like the decor.  :)" "Finally doing a review after visiting Arriba's for years. This past stay stuck with the Chimichanga with Machaca beef covered in Green Sauce. Loved it! Over the years got the Posole (since I have a Posole addiction); but I resisted this time. If you like spicy head to Arriba's. They also have great margaritas  but they just don't have a lot of options. I ended up ordering the Spinach Enchilada which was okay after scraping off the cheese. I also did not touch the fried beans and fried rice. The dish just didn't look edible to me I am not a fan of chain restaurants but Arribas seemed to be a local chain so I decided to try it during a visit to Phoenix. It was the best Mexican food I have had in a long time. Some may argue the food quality but I am a sucker for large margaritas and a Mariachi band. Most Mexican places I visit on the East Coast are afraid to make anything spicy but Arriba has heat indicators listed on the menu. Try one of the 2 or 3 chili listings if you like spicy.  Chimichanga was served with rice and beans.  Good enough flavor.  Nothing spectacular.  The Chimi was a bit smaller than it looked on the add and what I am used to seeing at other places(probably about the size of three tacquitos rolled together) "Love the bean dip you get with the salsa and chips.  I like spicy and the Hatch Chicken Especial delivers in spades!  The White Sands chimi is also very good and packs a good kick.  Really great place if you want to find a Mexican restaurant that has mild ib-y5nsfn3unE0lLY1vfAw We were seated immediately & our waiter Csar was very attentive.  My sister & I wanted to share a plate. We ordered the Pollo Con Queso. It was my first time having this dish. It is so good! Overall experience was great!  and the folks working there are nice. All of these are the reasons why we keep coming back. Their formula just works." I had the New Mexico Enchiladas and they rocked my world.  This is a nice blend of authentic and creative approaches to traditional dishes that never get too ritzy or complex.  Margaritas were super and service was superb.  I haven't been brave enough to try a ""three hatch"" entree' yet (their rating system of peppers skews low - one hatch will fire you up) but that's certainly going to be next!"  our food was delivered.  We asked for extra napkins and a cup of water for my nephew.  Never received either.  The two tables around us that came in later were paying their checks while we were barely eating.  A simple dinner took over an hour.  No one apologized or explained why our food took so long.  We will not be returning to your establishment as I was completely disappointed in our experience." If someone took me there my husband got a booger in his sprite. and the manager kept standing in front or around our table...not very comfortable." Verdict....for the price it's quite good. Definitely worth a try." ib-y5nsfn3unE0lLY1vfAw We'll be back and next time we're bringing our son on Sundays for face painting and because kids eat free.  Thanks Arriba!" The server and bus boy were both friendly and came around very often.  Overall the chimi was great  and combine it with the Happy Hour 99 cent margaritas. ... Can't really get a better deal anywhere else. The service here is okay ... Not the friendliest service Aside from the questionable service and quality of the place "If you love spicy food this is the place for you. I always feel like a get great service everytime I come. I bring my family often because We always enjoys the food "Favorites here are:  Hatch chicken Especial; White Sands Chimichanga and most of the daily lunch specials.  Nice place and the food is always the same consistent quality -- good but not fantastically spectacular -- but then again that isn't a bad thing over the years. Ditto for the margaritas.  Recent visit the food was as expected but as mentioned by others below I got sick eating this food.. DONT EAT HERE.. my wifes co workers had the same experience "One of my families favorite Mexican places to eat. You can count on the food and service being good every time you go. We like everything we've tried. Chips and salsa are good  &/or experience in a somewhat outd8ed interior. Maybe that's why they push the enormous drink specials so much cuz then no1 would care but I hardly drink~like 2 experience things in their entirety so here's my take..." a plate without an al carte option. I had gone to discount tires and obtained a 20% coupon for eating at arrivals since it's right next door." The margaritas wont do ya dirty!  it literally felt like I was drinking flavored water). The chips and salsa at the table were awesome (probably the best part of eating there). I ordered enchiladas which were pretty undercooked and didn't really have much flavor outside of the melted cheese. My friends got the spicy chicken entree and a chimichanga. The spicy chicken was ridiculously spicy and not very good; the chimichanga was pretty good however but nothing special. Out waitress seemed very aloof the whole time we were there and the one thing that bothered me the most was a small side of sour cream was $1.99!!!!! despite the meals being pricey to begin with." Would def go back and sit at the bar!"  love the happy hour! 99 cent house margaritas could you go wrong with this? They also have large drinks you can share. The food is always awesome. Service could be better but it's not bad. We are frequent diners here."   tons of other places. Skip this place  maybe even the ceiling....look like they need some attention.  I just had to wash my hands and left the bathroom wondering if maybe I was worse than before I went in." This place was ON IT! The staff was very friendly and did anything they could to make our visit better!  I liked having a little of both. Both were good. I ordered the 3 cheese chimi with jalapeno cream cheese. OHHH MY GOSH!!! One of the best items ive had  salsa and refried beans. I would recommend it for lunch anytime Gross. This place is a disgrace to mexican food . I swear everything in our plate came out of a can. Not fresh and not by anyway good. I hate leaving a place hungry but you couldn't force half that stuff town my throat. "Very low budget! Margaritas in a plastic Dixie cup!!! Will not return. We were told because of budgeting. The server Josh was great Grab a couple chocolate-mint candies as you leave."  but my beef burrito was pretty gross (old chewy meat and a flour tortilla that tasted like the fridge)." The only good thing about our meal for seven was the happy surprise that kids eat free on Sundays." Just nothing special. No reason to go back. Gringo Mexican. Just blah!" Best Mexican I've had. Had a chicken chimichanga and it was fantastic. Definitely coming back next time I'm in town from Colorado.  they're very generous with hot and mild salsa and bean dip with your chips while you wait for your food. You can even time it up to where you are there for the lunch special AND happy hour (coinciding between 3 and 4 I believe). I've gotten lunch I like that they give you a bean dip with the chips! I had the enchilada plate which was mediocre but I enjoyed dinning here and I will return to try some other plates. "Amazing place! Happy hour has 99 cent margaritas that are honestly so strong I totally forgot about Arriba's being on Camelback and went there for lunch recently. I ordered a bean and cheese burrito with their white sauce (can't remember the name) but it was very good! They are very aware of people on their lunch hour as they were SUPER quick. I will certainly be back for more.  the meat inside was not cooked completely. It's as if they threw it in the microwave for 3 minutes. The food literally took 5 min to come out from the moment we ordered it. I feel that had alot to do with the poor quality and taste of the food. I would not recommend this place to anyone." "This is a great little place.  Very friendly staff and the food is always           spot on.  We've had both sit down and take out and have not been disappointed with either.  Portions are good with kids meals just the right size.  We don't live in AZ but when we visit "We always end up going on a Sunday which is nice because they usually have a lady doing face painting and ballon animals. I think it adds a lot of fun to the day seeing kids sword fight with balloons. The staff are very friendly and can provide useful information about the menu items if you need help making your selection. The food  gotta say the food is great! I got the chimichanga plate and I loved it.. Will be back again!" Best lunch specials during the week. Great service. You will get chips and salsa before your meal and the plate is a decent portion. I highly recommend having lunch here if you have only a few dollars.  I like this place because the atmosphere takes you out of your work zone.  I did see that they have huge margaritas.  They look good.  Didnt try one because I was on my work lunch hour. This is my go to Mexican spot. I hate margaritas but always seem to order a margarita when I'm here. I love their spicy bean dip and always ask for the hot sauce over the chunky salsa. Their nachos are way too big for one person so I recommend sharing with the table. Wait staff are always personable and attentive.  bland and would not recommend! The happy hour margaritas were the sorriest I've ever had!. YUK! Waitress was nice This has to be one of my favorite places for a flavor of a Mexican meal with the best cheese sauce ever. The green Chile on anything is delicious plus can't beat the $0.99 margaritas after three. The service is prompt and the food taste great. The atmosphere is lively yet personable. I love coming here. I have been coming here since I was 8 years old so 12 years now and I have never been disappointed! The chips aren't too salty or flavorless-they are always refilled and the plus is that they are free! My drinks arrive promptly and the servers always have my food come out exactly how I ask for it. The ambience is great because it feels like you're in a real authentic Mexican restuarant and the people are always kind and polite. I will never stop coming here! Keep up the great service guys  which was kinda like a better Denny's or Brookshires if you remember that place.  Now I'm dating myself.  We're talking ancient history here.  This place has seen a lot of people in and out of it's doors.  I'm sure everyone in Phoenix has been there in the building one time or another.  If you have or if you haven't now you can have Mexican food there.  Go  and they were barely cooked at all. When I said something to the manager she replied ""well we are almost closing"". Instead of making excuses maybe she should be a real manager and address the issue with her employees because I don't like gambling with my food because employees are too lazy to do the jobs they are paid to do." Me gusto mucho !!los meseros muy amables y la comida muy rica con mucho sabor Mexicano un muy buen lugar para unas buenas Margaritas riqusimas y grandes tambin ... ""you didn't pay your bill."" I told her I went out to get my wallet from the car and I was returning to finish my food and pay. I told her she wAs rude and disrespectful. Her only reply was that they have problems with people leaving without paying. They have lost a customer for life and I will never recommend this restaurant over a bill of $11.12. Good job!" "At first I was upset because they didn't have vegetable burritos on the menu but the waiter decided to make one for me anyway and put everything I asked for in it. He kept it at the same price as the other burritos too! Which was like 10 or 11 bucks. I really appreciated that he did that. The vegetable burrito is huge and really good! They put enchilada vegetables  you must check this place out. Our standard fare that we share is the hatch chili cheese crisp and the rio grande enchiladas with carne adobada. Plenty of heat but very flavorful. Enjoy!" "I've been coming here since it opened. The prices have increased but the food remains as good as ever. Especially if you opt for one of the New Mexico inspired dishes. They are generous with the chips and always have two salsas and a delightfully spicy bean dip. I've always enjoyed the Chili Colorado  me and my friends started coming here for happy hour when the margaritas were 99 ! Now I think they're like 1.99 which is still good. We come every week faithfully Lol and we always ask to sit in Michael's section he always takes care of us and is so nice and friendly. We all think he's the best waiter ever! We  him" "good happy hour Friday on a holiday weekend...yummy pitcher of mango margaritas for $7.99!  kinda sweet so get a shot of tequila $2.50 - shoot half other half to spike the drink haha it's tgif.  plenty of good free chips and bean dip and salsa - good service on refills.  also enjoyed mini chimis  I thought. Great service and good looking food items for us all. I would sure return." So I went here for the first time today I'm new to AZ been desperately trying to find decent Mexican food since I moved here I came to the right spot the flavor was amazing the food was to die for I'm very picky about the way Mexican food is cooked and there were no complaints I do wish the server was more helpful with the menu recommending choices since it was my first time but she got all the food out in a timely manner I will definitely be returning  Great flavors! Very busy and happening place! Will go back for sure!" great food!!! amazing service! This is a really authentic Mexican food restaurant it has really good micheladas and their food is also very tasty and fresh ingredients you can taste. Such an amazing place love their happy hour. Queso Fundido is gross tastes like rubber but everything else is great I recommend the mini chimis! The hatch chilies there are very spicy I love it! Marcelino is the best! "Service here sucks our waiter Martin who goes by Jesus was not welcoming. He made my brother and I feel like we were a hassle and he made faces when I asked him questions about the menu. As if I annoyed him it was unfortunate that my first experience had to be with such a waiter.  However besides bad service the food Three words.. gourmet chicken tacos. You must try the tacos. This place is always a great option for lunch or dinner any day. They have a good salsa bar. This place is always better and fresher than anybertos restaurant. Come eat here Ok first off the decor made me feel dirty. Staff was friendly and polite. I ordered a shredded beef taco and my wife got the chicken con queso. She ordered charro beans as her side along with rice. The side of charro beans was laughable.  Jar was the size a side of sour cream would come in. Rice was very bland. My taco was good. I had some of my wife's burrito and we both agreed ajo als does it better. The cream cheese sauce was kinda weak in the flavor department. Chicken inside was moist and had good flavor. Chips and salsa were ok. I ordered some of their hot sauce and it was chunky like their salsa. I like my hot sauce pured.  Flavor was there though. They also have a bean dip for the chips that was a nice touch. Now let me tell why I felt dirty. The decor had a layer of dust all over it. Millions of knick knacks and picture frames creating a generic Mexico feel. It felt very 1991 inside. Even the staff looked like a time capsule. Then the bill came and the receipt wallet was so filthy and shiny from never being cleaned and passed around by millions of greasy taco fingers. It made me sick to have to touch it to pay. Overall decent food. Just needs a good deep scrubbing and maybe an update.  the queso dip was hot and good as well. I guess everything was just a-ok. Not spectacular  tacos and wonderful serivce from Alexandra and Jason! Our Sunday tradition."  and some salsa (they have several - be sure and ask your server) and they were delicious!! I enjoyed a margarita as well (was just in the mood) and it was a full 24oz so this not only quenched my thirst but had me pretty happy for the rest of my meal! They offer 1.99 bloodies for brunch however and I heard they were tasty. I'll have to try one next time. Ask for Michael if you want absolutely stellar service  I sent it back and didn't dare try anything else ( That's just me) The chicken was heavily seasoned and I got a lot of Grissel.  Even the rice tasted blah.....Arriba's what happened??" Love the Carlsbad stuffed chicken and the White sands chimichanga. The service is always great and the draft beer is nice and cold.  I think they're great!"  and the bean dip was perfect. I had cheese enchiladas. Their sauce is right on My last visit was terrible. Served moldy tasting chips in a dirty bowl. The food and service has declined over the years. The wait staff made fun of a patron after they left. The Beef Enchilada had fatty pieces in it. I make better at home. Guess I will look for a New Mexican food place. "Food always has very good flavor and the portions are huge. You also get chips and salsa/beans right when you sit down which is a nice tasty treat. If you like spicy this place is for you! The margaritas are ginormous and have good flavor. The last time I came here I brought my mom and girlfriend Have been coming to Arribas for years. Consistently good food and good service and very affordable. I think this place would normally be good but this time was not so bueno ....." The only thing worthy of a taste was they had a bean dip that actually some jalepeno spice. Other than that nothing was worth eating. Talk about bland no flavor mx. food this is it. If all u want is cheap this is your place. Might as well eat at Filbertos. Great place to drink margaritas $2 during happy hour. Sarai was awesome she kept them coming. My daughter and I were eating our chips and salsa waiting on our food and a giant cockroach fell from the ceiling onto our table. My daughter screamed and I grabbed my purse and we ran to the front of the restaurant. We waited for a few minuets as even though we didn't receive our food yet I still didn't want anyone chasing me down in the parking lot. Finally a woman who I am not even sure was the manager came over knowing what had just occurred and didn't even apologize. She wanted to know if we wanted to sit somewhere else........UH HELL NO!!!  All she had to say was they had already called Orkin....Oh...and you know....it's summer.....Well it's summer at my house too and I don't have Roaches falling from my ceiling!!!!  This was no big deal to them. Clearly they must have an issue and this must be an everyday occurrence. GROSS!!!!!!!!!" Looking for a New Mexico Cuisine Aribas is the best that I have had. The green Chile is authentic here and the service was great.  but I had to review because I was expecting average service and food. First off superb service from the hostess to the waiter to servers to table clean up crew. Now onto food  the only downside is if you don't eat the tacos right away or you get them to go they get a little soggy.  But it is from the fresh salsa PS.  You can pick up a beer or margarita here too :)" I wish we had gone to Chipotle." I'll take this place over Chipotle any day.  The Carnitas burrito is the best...yummy good.  but it is indoors... and they even had a ""vintage"" street fighter 2 video game... i have not seen one of those in like 10+ years... but if you want some food the same price as T-Bell but more of the real deal check it out..."  like weekly. Filiberto's carnitas tacos. That's all I've ever had from here. Always drive thru. God forbid any of my foodie friends from yelp or chowhound see me. Two perfect little corn tortillas I would have to say stay away from any place that has the word berto's in it which I think is Mexican for fireass Come to Filiberto's for breakfast at dawn (or breakfast at lunch or dinner) i ordered the AZ BURRITO very gooooood everything its supposed to be cooked perfectly will order again mos def!! "Great new building and this one didn't get swallowed up by that Julioberto's crap that's infecting several Filiberto's locations.  Consistent food that you definitely need to be in the mood for.  Chips and salsa in the dining room now free chips and salsa if you dine inside!" "I've gotta say that the food is good and I no longer eat at Taco Bell because I enjoy this so much more.  The reason why they don't get 5 starts is because their service SUCKS!  The girls in the drive thru are always miserable and awful  like it was normal to have bugs crawl out of their food. No problems with a return  unbelievably stuffed beef burrito ever here. Cheap too "Let me start by saying I've lived in AZ for about 8 months now and have been eating mexican food (burritos in particular) about 3 times a week since I've been out here.  I know Filiberto's is not exactly the classiest joint around  but this one is very generous with their portions. This is the only Fili-b's I would recommend. Very nice. Very clean. Great salsa bar WITH CHIPS!"  I am going to have Filiberto's again very soon to see if this was an anomaly or these chile rellenos are this good all the time.  My only caveat is the closest Filiberto's is SIXTEEN MILES from my house.  What---are they prejudiced against Northern Phoenix?  What's this all about?  Why do they only have Filiberto's at Bell Road and further south.  Don't folks north of Bell deserve the good stuff?  I mean--Taco Bell?  Huh.  But I am very excited.  Yay!  Thank you  I ate here and regretted it about 10 minutes after finishing and for the next 24 hours."  we need a location closer to Cave Creek and Carefree!  I promise I'll come order a #17 at least twice a week!" "Deep fried chile relleno is so yummy. It's been a weekly habit of mines for months now. How could you pass up a $4 burrito stuffed with 2 chile rellenos  or the country burrito. all are huge and can be easily split with your closest drinking buddy. and it's only proper to douse all the food in tons of red sauce (i always ask for extra and they happily comply) and to get a large horchata to complete the meal!"  but I tend to lose my appetite at having to smell sewer gas.  I've been through their drive-thru twice with a 3 month period.  So it's been that way for months now and they've done nothing about it.  I'm sure I'm not the only one who has noticed the stench.  Definitely not going back to this establishment." I usually just go on 99cent taco tuesdays.Cant beat it!  the quality of food has gone down. Their beans tasted so watered down. I got the Huevos Rancheros this morning and it was so nasty. It looked like they took old pico de gallo and plopped two fried eggs on top.  My husband got the machaca breakfast burrito and there was barely any meat and the eggs were way overcooked. Super disappointed. Also  awful. Fish was overfried. Beans were not that wonderful smooth creamy texture that refried beans are supposed to be. Won't be going back." Nothing beats a bean and cheese with both red and green salsa.  always take personal responsibility to double check your order(s) in all circumstances--and accept nothing less than accuracy when receiving your order(s)." Unless you want good poisening everyone plz avoid this restaurant and pray that undercover health dept visits hhere soon" My favorite food is Mexican...with that being said... Idk what this is. Unless you are drunk and in college I am not sure why you would eat this. I feel so guilty because this is my first negative review on any site... The service was good. I couldn't stomach the lengua burrito or dry rolled tacos!  and bacon(bacon burrito was a bit  too salty). I have had chimichangas and tacos and Menudo (only available on weekends). It's all pretty good. It's not as good as a sit-down restaurant but it is a drive-thru... so This place can't even get your order to you correct. I ordered 3 BEEF tacos receipt clearly says 3 BEEF tacos and I'm eating PORK tacos. Avoid go to another one because clearly they don't care and only want to bait and switch for more profitable product.  and the food quality is great compared to many other locations. No skimpy burritos or guacamole that looks like green water at this Fili-B's!" "Filibertos are individually owned and operated. Food can be different as night and day. Today the Indian School/30th Street site served me barely reheated chili rellenos. They were cold and soggy. Huge disappointment. It was 11:20 am. If they weren't ready Fish tacos. 24 Hours. You now know everything you need to know.  or at LEAST stay away from the fryers in this joint." Fortunately I don't do this very often or I'd be as big as a house. It's certainly not gourmet Mexican but it's good and cheap and beats the shit out of Taco Hell Eat the hot sauce at your own risk though. If it hurts going in it hurts coming out. Don't say I didn't warn you." $5.30 got me two huge beef tacos and a bean and cheese soft taco. Now I know where to go when I have those late-night grease cravings...and don't pretend like it never happens to you..." Honest. Good food. Great people." Don't believe me? You'll see." Summertime happy hour weeknights until 7:00PM- beer and margaritas under $3.00.  and satisfied. If you have any issues with your new experience they are listening now. Welcome Back Chevy's."  you'd be better off dining at Taco Bell and saving some $$! I can't stand this/these places... Been to them in Fresno  but why do they have to be so stingy on the chips? Is it so expensive to have more than one bowl of chips? Fail."  and then I went off and left it sitting on the table.  Silly me.  Oh well.  Parking is usually easy to find and we were in and out in less than an hour.  I think I've found another ""Best Lunchtime Eats"" candidate here."  decent service.  Overall the food wasn't very good except for a little pile of sweet corn tamale mash that should be highlighted rather than underplayed....as it was the best thing there!  Well  even though it wasn't on when I came in. The bartender was extremely accommodating and the service was great from start to finish. I ordered the green chili chimi and it was actually much  I know how a chile relleno should look when it arrives at the table. Manuel's batter was heavy on the egg and what we found on the plate was "Not like my neighborhood Manuels. This place was cold My boss and I ate there yesterday. I really like their chips and salsa. We had the lunch specials. Chimichangas. I think it cost us 20 bucks for our lunch. It was pleasant and we got our food pretty quickly. I'd go there again for lunch. I've had better experiences here but today's lunch made me gag and I never do that! =)" I like the fact the food came out so fast once ordered! & especially during the lunch hour! Staff was friendly & helpful. The & lunch specials were good portions & great price!  as the name implies that they are small. They are not. Great fajitas too."  I tried Manuel's down the street because I finally lost hope that Tee Pee would one day get takeout right. I ordered the same thing at Manuel's that I typically order at Tee Pee. The takeout was 100% better. Crisp  I think I'll just go to Teakwoods Tavern in the same parking lot and order Nacho's and a bucket of Coronas instead."  are REALLY GOOD.  The fajitas are my usual.  Worth the visit and you'll leave satisfied."  it's an older building but it feels authentic. Hot sauce is one of the best in town. Order the cheese crisp  you need to like cheese and a little grease with you food. But that's exactly why you'd be at this restaurant." 69t2S1u7Rf6qM_c14b42xQ Bottom-line: Go here if you want typical Mexican with a slightly better-than-average dining room atmosphere."  Jesus. Don't blame the customer for your ordering errors... especially when people like us are willing to dine in your very dusty dining room as your establishment undergoes construction."  rice and beans...what a deal!  Good chips and salsa too!" My granddaughter and I are now the matriarch's in the family to continue the tradition of being loyal to this landmark!"  very friendly staff.  Wifi too.  It's a good place to go and get an enchilada or carne asada.  The staff deserves 5 stars.. it's clean  great service and reasonable prices. I had the mini steak tacos and edamame. Yes Love Manuel's!  Always good food and a friendly staff.  very attentive and helpful. The taquitos are crispy and have decent flavor. The rice is a little mushy  so we went here. This was a huge disappointment. The BF and I got very 'easy' and Americanized dishes- I got a cheese crisp and rice and he got a bean and cheese burrito. I will say the cheese crisp was pretty disappointing. It had no flavor at all....none of that delicious cheesy goodness that is the essence of Americanized Mexican food.... I definitely will not be back here again." "Not too shabby. Pretty standard menu of mexican food.  The food comes out fast and piping hot.  I had the carnitas chimichanga and it was really good.  The guac served on top was delicious and not all runny like some others in town.  The margaritas are big  which scares me a little bit to eat here. Canyon Cafe/Sam's Mexican Cafe at Arizona Center downtown....NOW we're talkin'!  ...Waaaaay better!"  the price has gone way up and the quality of the food seemed to go way down. Salsa isn't spicy anymore. Used to be that the plate was super hot when it was brought out to us OK for food. it falls into one of my routine lunch places if I run out of ideas. good for margaritas. The service was very good by the helper/busboy person but the waiter was a little on the slow side.  I'd like to check out their happy hour." "It isn't well known but each Manuel's is owned by one of the children of the original owner- the best one is on Peoria Great food...been eating here for thirty plus years. Food has the same top quality since I started eating here. Like family here....love the food! Best Mexican food! Love this place.  Come here weekly to meet with friends. Always good service.  Always delish food. Only reason I gave it two stars was because of the drinks." WORST FOOD EVER. Don't waste a cent at this place. Staff was good and chips and salsa weren't bad but the entree was terrible. First you couldn't even tell what you were eating. Second the price was way to high for the quality of food. Third the food made me and my girlfriend sick all night and the next morning. Also you can eat at much better mexican food places for the same price. Blanco at the Biltmore for example. The Dogg says. Muy bien Manuel's.  It's the Sonoran style type of comida Mexicano that is prevalent in AZ.   My taco was full of shredded beef and had good flavor. It was also stuffed full of lettuce tomato onions and cheese. My tostada was very crispy the beans tasted homemade and was one of the best tostadas I've ever had. Manuel's has one of the most tastiest salsas in the state. You can actually get full eating just chips and salsa with a beer and use your dinner as a partial appetizer and lunch for the next day. I miss the 32nd St. and Indian school location! But this one on 28th street has also been very good. Great service. Good food for the money. Get your taste buds over there and check out a great standard Mexican food restaurant!!! Food is always good never had bad food. Service is good for the most part its very seldom that it is not good. But everyone has a off day. Wish the prices were not so high. My wife and I love this place the food is always good. I think it's the best chips and salsa in town and we usually fill up on that before our dinner even gets to us. I wasn't sure what to expect but nicely surprised!!! Awesome margaritas and the three enchilada dinner was amazing!   And so reasonably priced!  New favorite Mexican!!!  easy and delicious. My fianc and I went here to ran a quick bite to eat ! Service was friendly and quick! Food was super good! I got the pollo fundito! My fianc loved the mango margarita! We will defiantly return!"  they just finished their remodel. Bigger bar and brighter atmosphere." But back on the plus side they have great chips and salsa. So I would go back...hopefully they will have stepped up the service game next time I come in."  consistent and friendly. This Manuel's falls short of the other. A co-worker and I have gone there 2ce for ""gotta have Mexican "" lunches and both times we were disappointed. The best thing is the chips and salsa--no problems there except no one comes by to check if we needed more. Which leads to the service. At best it's slow  however recently went in for dinner and the service was not only bad but the attitudes are horrible!!! We were greeted by a short hostess by the name of Dora (?) ...didn't smile &seemed like her night was going bad or something but her attitude sucked! She was complaining to another worker that she didn't do something correct right in front of customers...very unprofessional &bossy. She sat us and my husband& i proceeded to order salsa and hot sauce! Perfect bean burritos. Friendly service and clean. I like the remodel. Cool bathroom sinks. You must check them out." I have been going there for some time. Since the new bar I had not seen Patrica. I went in tonight watching sports and she was working at the bar. She has a great smile and works very hard and remembers everyone that goes in. Great service Very very good. Cheese enchiladas with a taco. Even the side taco was one of the best. But a lil pricy. I got 2 Chz ench. W taco beans and rice. $18.  & asked for just agave/simple syrup and straight line juice (basically coin style). DRASTICALLY better. Only way to drink them here!!" Manny's will defiantly be a ""go to"" for us going forward." Next time I  am craving Mexican food I am more apt to go to Julioberto's down the street and get it to go then sit in this place and get treated like a second class citizen by the staff. Hey Owner...here's a clue  and always consistent.  The recent remodel including a great outdoor patio space was done really nicely.  All in all a very good experience."  hot sauce and chips hands down! Isn't that why we go out for Mexican food? They also serve delicious calabasitas but just call it their steamed vegetable." our tip. I hope their management realizes what a good worker he is." Manuel's is a long standing face representing the face of quality Mexican food in the valley. Since their restaurant on 32nd & Indian School "Very disappointed in this place. One guy was running around doing everything and there were 5 servers sitting by the front door not doing anything Ordered  their Mexican  pizza . It was bland the shredded beef was overcooked  . The chips were decent but the hot sauce had too much tomatoes  and was not spicy.  Service was average "The best food! The best service! Great looking after their recent renovation. We absolutely love Manuel's  every plate but one was not made right. The manager barely helped. Seemed more upset that we wanted to leave than our orders being messed up."  keep up the good work and we will see ya real soon to try out your Margarita's..." "I've been going to Manuel's for over 25 years.  They have the very best chips and salsa.  Everything on the menu is AWESOME!!! I am native  but wish they would fill them with whipped cream! I've tried Tee Pee Mexican restaurant and it is boring and the food is mediocre. Forget Garcia's! Come here for the real deal!" Great staff and super delicious food.  Don't forget to check out the Margaritas. .. great find for an out of town tourist Had the spinach enchilada...excellent chips are fresh and service is good. Avoided the margaritas because of taquila choices but if you bot particular go for it. Love the food here it's the first time for us here since the remodel. I still love this place and free fried ice cream tonight. No complaints. Just nothing to call attention to this place that begs for a repeat visit." My family has been eating at Manuels for 20+ years. We order dishes that arent even on the menu anymore and they make them no questions asked! Best salsa we've ever had. My grandmother moved away and insists that we have a family dinner at Manuel's everytime she comes to visit. The staff is quick and courteous. The prices are great. Definitely a place everyone should try! The adobada and carne asada are particularly good here. And I once witnessed an altercation in the parking lot that concluded after one of the participants fired his pistol into the air.  The carne asada burrito was particular great that night."  great portions.  All-around best quick Mexican food joint around.  I risk a bunch of idiots showing up at this place by writing favorably about it but so be it.  If you want your rolled tacos to actually have meat in them  if I can get the meat in shredded form.. I'm weird about my meat! But this is more like ground chicken..& they placed it in the styro to go box next to the cheese enchilada I ordered to go with..so the taco became a part of the smothered enchilada mess.... Yep... Drowned in lukewarm red enchilada sauce... That enchilada... I couldn't finish... The cheese was not melted inside.  Ok.. Should I have complained..(as a very advising yelper once scolded me for).. Probably! But in truth.. The girl behind the counter had rubbed me wrong already... By telling me I looked 'tire'... & secondly by having a host issue with her credit card machine... Asking me to pay cash... Whatever.  I'm harsh? Possibly... 2stars... & that's a compliment." Got a breakfast burrito. It was cold. Normally the are not bad. "I come here once a week as I work swing shift and fast food is slim pickings at around 1130pm at night in this part of Phoenix. Also since I've been frequent here for the past 2 years I've gotten to know the front cashier lady who is very nice and also found out that the best cook they have online is the one that works the late night hours. Been here at all times of day and found out that everything from taste of food and service is much better late night. I would recommend their shrimp burrito This is just like Filiberto's. Fast-food mexican food. It's really good and taste pretty authentic to me. My hubby and I stopped in for a quick bite to eat and we went there because he heard it was good from his co-workers. I'm a huge critic of mexican rice and beans and this place has it down. I got the lunch special of the day which was 2 bean tostadas with beans and rice. It was sooo much food and I was so stuffed!  Next time I will get something smaller. You can't beat all that food for $5! They have a good salsa bar with all the fixings! Just tell me the recipe for the red hot sauce. Anyone  but I can't help but love it. I will always root for Armando's over any other late night Mexican. Even when I lived in Tempe I would drive out to Armando's. My friends agree that it is the best amongst the Mexican fast food. I've never had a problem with service  not to mention the awesome salsa bar they have going on inside. The specials are marked on a board by the counter as you come in. I remember when we used to sneak in burritos in the Harkins Theater just across the way. This is one of the better fast food Mexican restaurants to get you late night fix and they are open 24 hours..."  egg and cheese burrito. Recently had lunch for the first time and had the Chicken Enchilada plate with red sauce and it was awesome.  The girls that work there are always nice and friendly.  I just wish they had a beer license." Overpriced food.  Try Filiberto's instead. Some of them have daily specials running monday thru friday." They serve Pepsi.  Got horribly sick about 30 minutes after I finished my meal. JobP0ghILdh8S8l-LhHHxQ  came with random grills scraps.  Just nasty.  Egg tasted like it was cooked with engine oil." Filabertos has been closed for awhile now so I decided to try the nearby Armandos. To my surprise I was disappointed. I have been to this location twice and both times took forever. I used the drive thru and went inside the store. The second visit they lost my ticket and had to ask my order again. I had the carne asada quesadilla which was very dry and the chorizo breakfast burrito was just okay (the only reason this got 3 stars instead of 2). I will probably give it one more shot. "Not bad for Mexican fast food. The burrito with ""everything"" in it (and the kitchen sink) are decent. My only gripe was the long wait when we went through the drive-through. We only had one car in front of us and waited forever for our turn Been coming here for years. It's the best of the fast Mexican joints by far This spot is great for late night food or Mexican food in the neighborhood or something not chipotle. I like the nachos or street tacos. They've recently started charging to use debit or credit for your purchase. That's a buzzkill After living by this restaurant for a over a year I decided to give it a try tonight.  It has been raved as a great to place to eat by a local entertainer and I figured I would give it a shot.  Service was slow through the drive thru.  I ordered a chicken quesadilla and the girl forgot what I ordered by the time I got to the window.   As for the quesadilla the chicken was a little dry and not nearly enough cheese.   I would prefer next time they cut the quesadilla.  I got it home and it was just folded in a Styrofoam box.   Del Taco and Taco Bell at least cut theirs. The people are always super fast and nice and its cheap!"  because from the street it's not that impressive and if you're from here you know that getting good food here is a crap shoot. But I was running late one day so gave it a shot. The carne asada burrito is so good and the rolled taco supreme is just beyond words. Tricky to eat I love there food. Cure for any hangover and grat for late night beer munchies. But today the service was horrible! We waited 25 - 30 mins for 2 burritos! Everyone seemed to get there food before us. The burritos were really good tho.  when I went into the bathroom there were two cockroaches crawling around (big deal breaker). Second the food is clearly not the most healthy or made with the freshest ingredients (however that wasn't exactly expected). The service was ok in that; it was fast and we got whatever sides and salsa we wanted at no extra charge. Overall if there weren't any roaches and it would have been cleaner and better maintained would have given Armando's four stars for it's convenience."  however the food is just downright tasty.The green sauce and red sauce are flavorful and just hot enough.anything with chicken is juicy and tender. The beans are cooked to perfection in. I haven't tried the breakfast Barito selections yet. They do have green chilies from New Mexico which is a real plus in Arizonaso give this place a shot when you're working late at night and you need to get a quick fix in the neighborhood." The quality of food here is really good.   I especially enjoy the carne asade tacos with a little salsa verde on it.   Thinking about it makes me want to go get some right now  but it definitely beats the fattiness of Baja Fresh any day.  If we are in a hurry and in an area with Rubio's  of which there are many around here. This is the place to take your midwestern parents who think they like Mexican food but really don't have a clue. Last time I tried the place they had discontinued the non-fried fish tacos  Rubio's! How I love thee! You must put crack in your fish tacos because I think I am addicted. I have no need to try anything else at your fine establishment because the sun rises and sets upon your glorious fishy goodness. Have I had better fish tacos? Almost certainly yes. But there is some indefinable feature of your tacos that draws me back again and again. I feel almost embarrassed by how much I care for you During our meal the manager came over to our table to check on us.  She wanted to see what we thought of the lobster.  It was just nice that she wanted to know we were happy with our food.  How refreshing!"  I made multiple stops at Rubio's and stocked up on the magnificent fish tacos and the shrimp burritos. One of my friends asked me (on the third visit) if I had gotten sick of Rubio's yet....I looked at him like he was from another planet. Sick of Rubio's? Could he really be serious????  Besides the great food  nothing awful. I will probably try it out again but order something different than what I had tonight." Gross!  Their tortilla soup tasted like vomit.  After two spoons full I proceeded to throw up in the bathroom!  NEVER EATING THERE AGAIN! PS - If the Big D does not open a Rubios soon I just had a fantastic bean and cheese burrito.  The tortilla was so fresh and tasty.  The beans were creamy and well spiced.  There was the perfect amount of cheese.  The meal was fast was well priced and the staff was friendly.  The atmosphere was pleasant and clean.  Great place!!! I'm going to let you guys in on a little secret: Chicken Balsamic and Roasted Veggie Salad.  Grilled chicken (not El Pollo Loco quality We're always at comfort here and leave with a satisfied tummy."  you're a-okay in my book!  Especially on Taco Tuesdays! :)"  but I have recently been getting the Grilled Veggie Burrito and it has been salivatingly delicious each time "This is the best Rubio's in town.  The employees and management are so friendly and accommodating.   I am on the Hcg diet and they work with me to make things I can eat.  Every time I am in Old Town for an appointment I make sure it is around lunch time so I can go to this Rubio's.   The place is very clean and they seem to be very happy working here.  Shout out to Steven  we like our Rubio's!"  it is absolutely delicious. After 2:30 pm on Tuesday is ""Taco Tuesday"" and fish taco's are $1.50/ea." Perfect shrimp tacos. Great flavors. Very inexpensive. Nice break from baja fresh and chipotle. Flavors are more authentic mexican. We went back twice we liked it so much. After 2:30 pm on Tuesday is ""Taco Tuesday"" and fish tacos are $1.50 each." Good place if you have children."  and the staff seems like they actually care if you're having a good experience. I've been to local restaurants and gotten fish tacos that weren't as good as the ones at Rubio's. Plus they have beer. Go and get some!" I'm on my way to Baja Loco."  chain or not. I've been going to them all over the Valley since they first started opening. Solid menu The service here is always friendly and efficient. The parking in the strip mall they're at can be hit or miss but it's worth it." "This is a great place to grab a quick meal or pick up dinner or your way home.  It's fast  I dont think I have ever had a bad taco or service here" "I came here for the fish tacos... but likely won't be back. I prefer mine lightly battered and these were pretty heavily breaded and fried. The first two bites didn't even have fish in them "Far from authentic but fish taco Tuesdays is money well spent. Especially since their only $1.25. I usually get about 4 fish taco's on flour tortilla's with extra onions. I pour on their delicious hot salsa from the 4 option salsa bar and go to town. I have tasted their specialty shrimp burrito's and if it wasn't for the price  which is crazy because I'm obsessed with fish tacos. One of my good friends always talks them up but I just never got around to going. Grilled fish taco was great as was the orange shrimp salad. Quick for take out  every time I come in I'm alway greeted by my name with a smile from everyone. Especially Lorena. She knows my order by heart and and is always super friendly. The food is always fresh and delicious. It's no wonder I come so often;) thank you Lorena for always making my experience great!"  and I won't hesitate to return to Rubio's sooner than later when I'm in the mood for a quick fix of Mexican!"  and the problem lasted for 24 hours. That matches food poisoning with that meal as the source. It's too bad It's been a while since i've been to a Rubio's mainly because the closest one to me is 187miles away! So I went to this location and the girl who served me was Lorena. She greeted me as I walked in and was ready to serve me in 30secs. I had trouble ordering because what I wanted wasn't on the board. (Mesquite Shrimp tacos) I mentioned that I didn't see it and she told me it was no longer on the menu but she could still make it for me! She charged me accordingly and i had exactly what i came for in a matter of 5 minutes! Thanks to the friendly staff and quick service! Thank you Rubios for always being delish! As well as always being fresh and having really great tasting fish tacos." I will return to Rubio's"  and the prices were very reasonable. Can't ask for anything more!" So bf and I went here we been to rubbish before but this one there chips we too overcooked and so salty!  3 stars cause the burrito was good and filled me up Never have had bad service or a meal at Rubio's. I always like the tacos (any kind) or a bean and cheese burrito. One of my quick places to stop in for to grab a bite. Never can go wrong. "I was super hot from spending the past 4 hours on Camelback Mountain and I just wanted something light and fresh.  Rubio's delivered with the amazing Mango Habanero Mahi Mahi taco.  I just had one and it was filling enough post hike and just super fresh with the right amount of sweet from the mango and kick from the habanero.  My boyfriend enjoyed his I've been coming here for over a year in half now and every time I come Lorena knows my order by heart and is always super friendly. I love it when they greet me and always get my order right. (Picky order) lol I plan to keep coming here because of their great service and yummy fresh food. "This place never fails when it comes to their signature fish tacos Very tasty and fresh seafood meals.  A lot of choices to choose from too.  Serve alcohol as well.  Good combinations of food.  this location always has amazing fish and shrimp tacos and a friendly staff. This is an annual stop for my husband each year during our Barrett Jackson weekend visit to Scottsdale. My favorite is the blackened tilapia fish taco and my husband's is the classic grilled shrimp burrito. If you like coconut Will probably be back but if I want a more authentic mexican food experience I will eat at my go to places but considering time and location it is what it is." Perfectly fried and priced right. Good size and the white sauce is better than most. Happy hour on Tuesdays is your best bet. $1.50 fish tacos!" Fresh yummy food. You cab even get a beer! (I hear Taco Bell is going to start selling beer too). Lorena was the best employee. She was so patient as we placed our order. Super friendly and helpful through out our visit. I like all of the different salsas. Vonda was also super friendly! They deserve a 5 star themselves! I had a salad w grilled talapia and it was great.  the manager there always greets us with a smile. The food is super reasonable and fresh. It is consistently great! We love this place!" Rubio's is definitely fast food done right!"  quality is good (I've never gotten sick after eating anything there). They have a huge menu for those who are picky eaters and a large self serve salsa bar. I wish the salsa was a bit chunkier but I really can't complain otherwise. Only wish there were more Rubio's locations to be honest." I usually go in to get a Health Mex Burrito with chicken to go. Love em. Great with a movie at home.  and fresh! You can eat healthy or go all out. I love that they list the calories on the board. My favorite thing is the shrimp tacos or pacific mahi mahi California bowl. For a lighter option the balsamic and roasted veggie salad is delicious. Ask for the dressing on the side." I love the salads they have here. The food is nice and fresh when they do a great job on the blacken Mahi Mahi  which sat there for over 15 min on the countertop getting cold. All I wanted was a fast burrito in Arcadia and this is what I had to deal with. I really hope the construction at 44th or 32 puts them wakes the owner up so he can hire people who actually care." Had rubios for lunch on tuesday! Solid solid food fish tacos are delicious also had the Mahi tacos which again was awesome! And the enchiladas were also very good! I haven't had the food but the agua frescas are amazing.  I had them two days in a row and would go back again and again and again.  The melon is amazing right now.  I went here in LA to get one at the farmers market and it didn't even compare.  I almost cried. But I have tried them since I love fresh fruit and they are closer to me. Watch out to because several times when I have ordered items they charge you for the larger size. When I asked about this they tell me ""oh we only have large not small or medium"" even though those sizes and their prices are listed on the menu. Shady!  This has happened to me at a couple of their different locations."  and certainly nothing that will keep me away from the best quickie Mexican I've had in the valley." We are a family that eats out frequently and we are frankly tired of pretty places with below average food. This place is sure to cure your hankerin for a tasty Mexican meal."  everything I've ordered has been better than expected.  Even the simple bean burrito con queso is better than most places I've been.  Enjoy!" This place is the best i allways get the nachos mmmmm the best but if u share the nachos with someone fight to get the mother nacho lol This place has the best Mexican food i have ever had i all ways order the nachos  mmmm the best and they all ways pile the food on i never have a naked nacho lol  I've been to other Salsita's around town and they're comparable Love this place. The 7seas soup is my favorite! Soooo good! They have one of the best carne asada tacos! "La Salsitas...32nd St & Indian School. This is hands down some of the best Mexican food in the Valley. A quiet little place minding their own business doing what they know how to do. This is a must-visit quaint restaurant. If you're looking for authentic Mexican food "The ""street tacos"" here are outstanding.  Consistent quality w/ a hot sauce bar that apologizes to no one.  Friendly staff.  Hear me now My boyfriend ordered a pollo asado burrito with beans cheese sour cream and rice and asked for the enchilada sauce to be put in the inside of the burrito and its always the same result....outside as usual. We need to Learn how to speak Spanish so we can get it right everytime :(" the california burrito was the saving grace and was actually really delicious.  unfortunately since the rest of the experience was so annoying and i was overcharged  their carne asada is ACTUALLY SEASONED! The best thing? CHILAQUILES! I haven't had anything here that I didn't love! I'm going to try the seafood specials someday "Way better food than any of those blah blah blah-Berto's places at still fantastic prices. Some if our favorites are: shredded beef chimichanga Thank you Hortencia for the amazing chili relleno on the house! The sauce was amazing now that is how a chile relleno's made just like my grandma's. LOVE the carne asada street tacos w HOMEMADE corn masa yum!!! I've been here a few times all good experiences except for today's wait. 50 mins in line was not acceptable after somehow forgetting what out order was by the time we finally got to the window. Hopefully your experience  won't be like mine. This place is not bad for fast food Mexican food. Definitely beats Taco Bell. I had their carne asada nachos which were tasty but would been much better intoxicated. Heavy on the meat and beans. I paired it with their pia Aqua Fresca which was creamy and smooth. Must try once drunk! "Totally looks like a typical ""Bertos""... but it's SO much better! Caritas was the bomb... the shredded beef had great flavor and the shrimp were fresh.  If you like flan Out here for work from WA state and thought I'd come check the place out. This place is legit. Had the carne asada and carnitas plate. Great authentic taste. Family run business( literally) they have mom and aunts cooking up your food In the back. This is the real deal. Stop in and see Tesa. She'll take care of you. Definitely be coming back "I think this is the best Mexican fast food place in town! I've never been disappointed and food taste better each time. There's a little wait sometimes but it's well worth it. Their salsa is amazing Amazing AUTHENTIC Mexican food. Employees are happy to help if you have any questions. Price is relatively inexpensive and you get a huge quantity. The tongue and tripe tacos are delicious! And the Chicharron en salsa rojo was delicious! The churros and white milky drink (can't remember what it was called) are also great! Would come back everyday if I could! Great salsa bar selection too! With a Coke in a Bottle"  but this is The Best taco ever." "Excellent pastor tacos.  If you want quick and authentic street tacos it's here.  They were out of chorizo for breakfast burritos  who cares about the exterior and crappy intercom system in drive thru? That's all part of the experience; you're lucky if a homeless man hits you up while you're waiting for your burrito baby.  I've never been inside...one can only hope it sparkles more than the outside  this is the place where the employees like making you wait approximately 15 minutes for one taco! So stop by now and grab some tacos to poison your loved ones with!"  the list goes on. But this place is authentic and fresh. The meat is always cooked great with no weird pieces of fat in it. Fresh ingredients and affordable. It's very clean and the staff is so friendly. When I don't feel like cooking at home I go here for a taste of my grandmas cooking." Best fast food Mexican in the area. Authentic and tasty. The service is friendly and it takes a few minutes for them to prepare your food but worth it. great food and great customer service food was amazing. "I ordered a Caldo de Res just to be told they were out just right after I paid for it. The cashier offered me another item which was almost 5 dollars more. I said no and she didn't even offer to give it to me for the same price since it wasn't my fault! I ended up ordering something else because I was hungry. And by the way  my first time I sat in a corner on a June night and was sweating profusely.  The best tables are in the middle of the dining room under the ceiling fans.  Now I know." 7UTlEVHU5v2xBLdkGghyzQ Matthew K. may be there all hot and dirty" 2. Get rid of the stuffed animal order numbers.  Something about greasy food and fluffy animals says more of ""bacteria"" than it does ""uniqueness"""  especially since it's only a mile or so from my house. If there's one thing on the menu to avoid I've used Chuy's to cater corporate lunches before and it's a great deal if you need a lot of food to feed a group with a small budget. The only problem I've ever had with catering is that they forgot to give me my guacamole 3 times in a row...so check your catering order before you leave to make sure you have everything." I could do without waiting in line at the counter for a drink refills  this is Phoenix.  It is 108* outside and the full glass of iced tea I left the restaurant with was gone by the time I got back to the office.  There should be a City-wide ordinance that all restaurants must supply patrons with at least a 32 oz. to-go cup during working hours.  All right  the amount of food and the friendly  you cant beat that and you get your own so no waiting for the busy waitress to get them for you. Great margaritas and the beer is cheap. This is a great place to go and get a good for the money meal and a drink. Try the Baja Sticks!" I was not impressed by Chuy's but I could go there again. It's a safe option My only complaint is they really could use an overhaul on the bathroom  though I normally go for the half size to skip the grilled tortilla bowl (never have liked those much).  I also like the beef or chicken sandwiches."  but the tacos were sub-par. There are too many other good restaurants in the area to waste your time here." Here's a tip - If you don't like the rice they serve on a combo plate then you can usually substitute in an extra protion of beans or cabbage salad instead to keep it low carb." First one my wife and I went to. great food but what is going on with them service is great tables clean and food was great took the family we picked familly meal that was wonderful even had food to go. we went back and it boy has gone down hill hope they turn it around becouse I would love to go back. except cave creek one It seemed to me that the place could be a great hang out.  And apparrently a few people have made it to the status of regulars and are known and acknowledged upon arrival and departure. The mesquite chicken smell draws you in from outside." 7UTlEVHU5v2xBLdkGghyzQ  especially for the price. I was raving about that the entire meal. And I think I was a fan of the margaritas. I really couldn't remember or drive home."  the servers still bring your food to you.  You can also open up a bar tab and don't have to pay up front if you plan to order more later."  but the flavor and price were excellent. I ordered the broiled mahi tacos and we shared the tri tip tacos. The flavor of the mahi was outstanding and the tri tip used in the tacos was tender and flavorful. The employees were also very friendly and attentive. We will definitely be visiting again." g2mozOU_F1nzpjLDY4CfzQ  they're back!! Now to protect my kingdom :)" They will be changing the name of the restaurant but the menu will remain the same." I have been eating at this Chuy's since 1996. The mahi mahi fish tacos are one of the best menu items. The chicken here is made fresh daily and charbroiled with a coal fire grill. They offer a variety of Mexican beers. I find the margaritas to lack luster and they taste virgin to me. Sad to hear that they will soon no longer exist as Chuy's......name change coming after being plastered all over news for having undocumented workers behind the scene. Everyone needs a job right? Any of their burritos should be superb but the pollo asado burrito is a staple for me when I go to taqueria burrito places so please take this advice if you're in the area." i came here  for lunch today and my pollo asada burrito smelled really good but when i actually took a bite i almost threw up i swear i might have had one tiny piece of chicken mostly onions bell peppers tomatoes and a CHICKEN SKIN yeah gross never ordering that again ill just stick to greasy chimichangas with BEEF"  and the food was better than I would have expected. I had a couple tacos  I had lunch the other day with the same great quality! A relief to know my intoxication was not the sole reason for my love of the place." Don't forget the green sauce!" Adobado burrito. Five bucks. Open 24 hours. 'Nuff said!  I can't believe the food is going to sway me otherwise. In fact 2) A few minutes before we were about to leave two guys walked in with a 12 pack of beer!? I think they left the beer inside while they went out to smoke a cigarette." i thought it was good and it's cheap mexican. just dont expect anything fancy-don't know that i would actually eat inside. "Food is eh. Service is TERRIBLE! They are rude and don't care about customers. Asked if they had more carrots because they were out in the front the lady went in the back and came out 15 minutes later because another employee told her I was there. I asked again about the carrots and she just said ""we don't have any"" she didn't even look!! Thanks for telling me and wasting my time! The armados a few blocks down is so much better!! I don't know how this place stays open for business."  the food wasn't as good this year as last year. Still good As long as that cashier is still working at this restaurant i will not buy anything from them."  because from the street it's not that impressive and if you're from here you know that getting good food here is a crap shoot. But I was running late one day so gave it a shot. The carne asada burrito is so good and the rolled taco supreme is just beyond words. Tricky to eat  the chef I'm assuming came out and said hi and went back in. 15 mins later a different guy can to take my order. I almost thought they were closed? I just got three rolled tacos with rice and beans for 4.20$. Rang up to 5.50$? Guy didn't give me a fork so I had to eat with my salsa lid. The rice was hard halfway in This place is delicious. For my meal I got a carne asada chimichanga and shrimp chiveche. It was so good. Definitely will come back again. The guy at the counter who served us was very nice as well.  but today was different. Waited 5+ minutes for somebody to finally come out of the back and take my order. When he did it really didn't seem like he was paying attention. Maybe it was the cigarette tucked behind his ear. I walk back to my room and nothing on my order was correct. I went back and returned it and asked for my money back. Guess I won't be supporting this business during my future trips!" It would be 5 stars if the night staff wasn't so terrible! They will over charge if you're not careful. Beware!" I ordered two fish tacos and the carne asada fries at the drive thru.  Made it home and what I got was two pork tacos and carne asada fries with no carne asada. So  you go for wonderful Mexican food and fair pricing. Try the adobada (sp?) burrito or taco. Machaca is also very good. Great homemade salsas." Had a Carne asada tortas delicious! Ceviche tostada was well worth the money they served plenty of Ceviche had plenty of flavor.." They were once good. But not anymore. They refused to redo my order because they put guacamole (of which I'm allergic) after I told him nothing on them. Tortilla was undercooked and barely any meat. They wanted to charge me for the new order too! Ridiculous.... Not worth the price and the shitty service and rude looks from the cooks when they hear they made a mistake. I'm out 10.00 (for 4 tacos) and no dinner to eat. Thanks Armandos! 50 cent charge for CC and debit use! Bring your cash!" "This is really a one star review.  Seriously subpar Mexican food combined with abysmal customer service.  Save yourself the trouble and get a bacon dog from circle K   after about 2 min of me staring at the menu a guy came out.  I order and I payed using a credit card instead of my usual debit one. He must of thought I was buzzing or something but he tried playing a hand trick and tired hiding my credit card while I signed my receipt and then distracted me with another conversation  it's just not as good as so many other places I've been. Don't believe me? Check out how many other Mexican places I've Yelped about."  have been going forever.  It's always been there and we thought it always would.  We'll miss it but I have a feeling they'll pop up again somewhere Your only other alternative for truly spectacular Mexican food in the Phoenix area is La Perla in Glendale--another classic family-owned place that opened in the 40s (and honestly  I guess I'll just keep on praying for a Don Jose Miracle!"  and why he did it.  You were all his family.  I know how to get that great enchilada sauce. If you are interested "Please remove that closed sign you have written across my old review.  Don Jose's is back in business!  I know.... miracles happen.  After 41 years as one of the best and most authentic Mexican food restaurants in Phoenix Don Joes's closed for a short period of time.  But alas  a good chewy but not stringy.  KUDOS.  Welcome back and Good Luck.  So happy to have old fashioned mexican food within walking distance - yay for me!" Yay!!!!!  We are one big happy familly that feels like Mama opened her kitchen back up. Basic Mexican food that has it's own special flavor. Nothing fancy and very reasonably priced.  these guys are definitely shooting up the learning curve and refining their offerings as the kitchen staff gets comfortable back in that little area where the magic happens.  My current favs are the Bean Tostado (beans are fresh  so maybe I'm not the best to write a review or maybe I am?  Its the kind of place with a special taste that cannot be gotten anywhere else.  Its easy to slam the place if you think your an expert cause you been here since 87.  Well I have been her since 53 so I have a lot more history eating my favorite food.  I call Dons "" classic valley of the sun sonoran style mexican food! "" When I see the word AUTHENTIC  clearly the same way forever here.  What seems to have stayed the same over the years are the prices.  $3 for a bean burrito Take it from a ""wise Latina"" your customers ALWAYS come first!"  this is likely not the kind of place you'll dig. I totally get that. I feel the same way when I go to a Mexican place that serves squid. Here's the purely objective truth: It's a little bit of a dive but that's just how we like it. It isn't ""foodie""  don't be fooled like me. The place is no good and should have stayed closed (and I really wanted to like it!)."  finally... We have missed you...... My family was so sad when you closed down......  Welcome back.........................Thank you  but I plan on bringing my kids to eat some cheese crisps and watch them enjoy the chips & sauce while I sit there dreaming of the past. I'm glad they're back."  but everything else there that I've had (been a few times to give this place a real chance) is just plain awful - taste like canned ingredients. The food is bland and could certainly use some spices to bring this up to what it's expected to be. Save yourself a trip and go to either of the Carolina's locations for some really great authentic Mexican food." "Great food for the price.  Everything we had was delicious and tasted fresh and authentic.  Customer service was great!  Bring some cash though the new owner is really friendly and he has hired a great staff!" "I've been eating at Don Jose's for over 30 years. Great food  flavorless and unappealing. I will not go back here and recommend that you too find an alternate lunch stop."  no fuss and very affordable. And it's TASTY!  The staff has always been friendly in that ""neighborhood restaurant"" kind of way.  They hand you menus on the way in and tell you to sit where you like.  The glasses are cheap and brown and plastic I ordered the same thing I have ordered for over 20 years: Two cheese enchiladas and a side of beans. They tasted... THE SAME! Delicious and simple! Awesome! The salsa? ALMOST the same. There was something different that I couldn't put my finger on. I would almost say they may just use a different brand of tomato sauce  but now I have to edit that.  Just to refresh I have been eating there since it opened.  Of course it was closed 3 years and I was glad it reopened.  Now to be honest there are other things to be considered when you choose to spend your money so Ill get right to the heart of why Im pissed off.  I put up with the lousy decor and an occassional spring in my ass and that they have not changed anything in 30+ years "Pretty ghetto. Cash only and Mexican food for gringos Still love this place!__ I have been going to Don Jose ever since I can remember.  I love the chips and hot sauce.  I always get hot sauce and chips to take home.  My favorite item is a beef burro enchilada style with a side of beans.  Their enchilada sauce is the best.  They also have the best cheese crisp in town.  I haven't found a cheese crisp that is as good as a Don Jose cheese crisp.  You must try the cheese crisp.  but great food"".  Oh he was right about the building!  But the food was horrible.  Let me define horrible in my terms- wouldn't feed it to a dog.  The beef taco was so dry even drenching it with their mediocre salsa didn't help.  Save your money  it looked exactly the same as it always has. im pretty sure the prices havent changed since the 80's either. the staff was very accommadating  with our needs as vegetarians. the only thing missing was the beer! ive always loved this place  GREAT PRICE!  Wish it were on the west side. But we still seem to make it over." "All time favorite restaurant! Good prices The owner was so rude I walked out! And they only accept cash and the only reason I gave them a star is because the review made me! I mean this guy was ridiculous! I never had anyone greet me at the door like that!!  but not too heavy like other Mexican places and for the price point ($10 for rice the burrito was simply amazing!  which is awesome. And the stinginess with the meatballs? It just keeps me wanting more."  and sometimes your name.  the food is classic old school sonoran style with gorgeous and flavorful sauces and cheese.  the hot sauce is to die for...served in a thumb- triggered The one thing I am upset about is they took away the orange soda.  I don't know about you but Mexican food and orange soda are the perfect pair to me.  Bring it backkkkk!  :)"  with your meal. The only down side is that they take cash only. Wait that's a good thing It's great to see its still ran by great people for all these years." There is nothing I can think of that could make it any better. Thank you Matt and crew!"  this guy decides to seat others  without finishing me. so 2 minutes pass and I finally said ""do you want me to pay or sit down?"" He replies saying ""you will pay with I tell you to."" By this time I am infuriated by the remark and the treatment I been receiving. He decides to come back 3 minutes later giving me a price for $14 when the special was only $6. Knowing well what I was trying to order I told him to make my order how I wanted it. Long story short he tries to walk me out Great value for the price! The servers were super nice and attentive. Food is delicious! Probably the best tamales I've ever had. Def will come back.  it was hard not to pounce into it in the car. When we got home and started grubbin' it was scrumptious!!! I had to give this place 5 stars based on their awesome customer service and delicious food. I am definitely going to have a hard time ordering something different next time because the burrito was so satisfying. We plan to come back and actually sit and eat for a meal Consistent quality and flavors. The hot sauce is legendary.  and unfortunately numerous places I tried in Phoenix haven't fit the bill - until I found this place.  Only drawback is the menu is small (no fajitas for example)  but my relleno was soggy and my tamele looked & tasted like it was made in a factory.  The guacamole was decent and at $3 I didn't care that the margarita tasted like a mix."  I grew to love this place. The service is awesome and the employees are extremely kind. The food is awesome and cheap. I would suggest don jose to anyone looking for mexican food!"  and they are wonderful! My whole family loves it- extended family as well. So take the word of someone who has eaten a lot of Mexican food- I am 56 years old and I have lived here my whole life- I am not a transplant from somewhere else- who has no clue what real Mexican food tastes like. If you like black beans or shrimp and seafood Mexican then this is not the restaurant for you- it is Sonoran- which is my favorite!! I do think you should have free refills on chips  not a chain.  Love It!!!"  but it was tasty none the less.  The beans and rice were not on par with my local Mexican joint in San Diego.  The $3 margarita was enjoyable and worth the money.  I have had worse and paid a lot more.  Over all it was an average joint.  But the staff was very friendly and helpful.  Would I go back?  Maybe  and it's meant to have old decor. You don't fix something if it's not broke. We will continue to eat here once a month for the rest of our lives!" People working there are nice. Good food.  solid Mexican food in an unpretentious atmosphere. We also needed a place close to the airport. The staff was friendly without being fake I can never decide between the chimi and the Mexican pizza. Pick your own favorite." "First time here. Smoked chicken tastes amazing. Salsa is excellent . Water service on point. Food came out quick  The bomb dot com. I feed my unborn child Don Jose. I feed my grandma Don Jose. I hear angels sing when I bite into those pork tacos. Machaca is on point. Chicken tacos are delicious. They even have good desserts. Plus it's all cheap. I LOVE THAT SAUCE.  the food was amazing!! The costumer service was great too! Everytime I took a sip of my water it was always refilled right away! I could not never get it empty ! Now to the reason why it's only 3stars... I ordered a chimichanga and for those who know a chimichanga are always very big I love this place! I have been eating here for years and was so sad when it closed for a bit. The new owners are AMAZING! Their dedication for maintaining the original food and atmosphere yet adding new items that compliment the old is incredible. The food is as good as ever. I truly love this place. Order the cheese chips and tacos! This is a great local Mexican joint. Food is great staff very attentive. I love the friendly vibe when I go in. Food comes quick beer is cold sauce is hot. I love it!!! "I've been eating here for years now. The food is absolutely fantastic. Clean But their cheese crisp is 10 stars!  Just the right balance of crispiness I wish they were a bit closer to my side of town."  and excellent service. The staff is incredibly friendly! Nice to get a solid meal and not have to worry about dressing up at all!" "Same delicious food I remember when I was a member of the family... taco was excellent... tostada was delicious... enchilada was the best...definitely recommend Don Jose's to everyone... Thank you Joe for allowing what you started "Love there red sauce for there enchiladas.. FYI uevPN8zwJpBpnxRur1jUhw This place is awesome. I've been going to Don Jos for forty-one years and when they closed a few years ago I was heartbroken. Since I no longer live in the Phoenix area it was always my first and last visit of each trip. My son moved here in May and discovered it had reopened. Woohoo! The tradition continues. A number four and a Jose crisp are my absolute favorite. We've been unable to locate anything that even comes close to their sauce. Welcome back. I think I'll check out Del Taco before coming here again sorry to say.." So far the many times I have been here this is my first review of this place but it's really good. So far the times I have come it has been worth it to drive from where I live to here.. It's quite good and keeps me going back..  and have yet to be disappointed. You start with chips and salsa which are nothing more than average. I ordered the Don Jose Special it comes with a tamale Basic decor.  Basic mexican food.  Basic prices.  Win all around!"  however the food is hit or miss."  but I'm not a fan yet because of the noisy and messy dining experience other customers gave me and because of cash only payments." I really liked this place. The margarita was good (and I'm a tough critic when it comes to margaritas) and the taco plate was flavorful with that classic Tex-Mex taste. If you're in the area definitely pop in for a meal - it's hard to go wrong here." My family and I have been coming for decades! We love the food and the people who work there! Very friendly and fast service! I recommend getting cheese on the chips they bring out!  although I always appreciate creative use of a former IHOP location. The people who work here are amazingly efficient and just plain nice  plus complimentary chips and salsa - all fairly standard.  The service was extremely cheerful and friendly  delicious! ! Customer service is  excellent.Very friendly.  I will definitely be  back! !" "I have recently relocated back to the Valley. After a recommendation from a friend I decided to give this place a try. I was NOT disappointed! Chips and hot sauce were great I have been going to Don Jose for years I love this place the food is great the service is awesome and the prices are great! I would highly recommend them to anyone!  nor did she offer any type of compensation.  I didn't eat the meal and was still charged full price.  Then "Someone I met in Tucson told me about this place and after looking at the reviews on here we decided to go for lunch today. I had the taquitos that came with an amazing jalapeo cream cheese dip. Service was great  although there is an ATM  on-site. My favorite dishes are the nachos and bean & cheese tostadas--the pile it with cheese!" Sure we've made great strides since the bean and cheese burrito meals of our childhood.  There is nothing special or unique about the menu. The place is put together with linoleum and Naugahyde. But sometimes you want to go somewhere familiar to satisfy those occasional bouts of nostalgia.  This place or Teepee fit the bill when then those urges happen.  and friendly people.  100 check- ins due to the weekly need for my fine Don Jose meals. I do like the beans Good family style Mexican food with friendly service and nice comfortable atmosphere. Great place to go after arriving from the east coast. Easy parking in area with shopping and strip malls. Nothing fancy or put on just simple good Mexican food served the right way.  and friendly people.  100 check- ins due to the weekly need for my fine Don Jose meals. I do like the beans "Im going to start by saying I have been coming here for many many years then it closed down and reopened and is now under new managment. Let me start by saying the food is great ! It's actually the customer service that gets 1 star. The owner is rude along with the waitresses. In all my years coming here never have there been issues with ordering extra sauce ... well now there is ... one at a time ... (per waitress). Second : when asked for to-go containers for the salsa they act as if it is coming from the personal stash for their family ... they bring the smallest containers (limit 2) that would be enough for one piece of cheese crisp. .. this place used to be family oriented and would love and feel honored when u would like to take the hot sauce home not it's like restricted Did I say I like this place? Try it for yourself." One of my favorite places to eat while visiting Phoenix. The food is always great. The owner was very sweet & awesome while we were there eating a Christmas Eve dinner and celebrating with friends. The food is mediocre or less. They don't tell you that it is a cash only business. They have an ATM conveniently set up in the lobby with a $2.50 fee to take out your money. It is cold outside but they do not have a heater inside. I will not be returning to this establishment.  please don't stop doing what you do."  quick service for a exceptionally great price!! There is not one thing on the menu that isn't cool perfectly and is delicious EVERYTIME!!" If you are in the mood for solid Mexican food at a great price  one of my all time favorite Mexican food items. It was HORRIBLE! I had the nasty aftertaste in my mouth all weekend. Not only did it taste bad "Best Mexican food! Great neighborhood place to eat. Not a fancy joint but great salsa and chips. Take cash  the food is always great and the prices are unbeatable.  The food is still as awesome as it was with the previous owner." I really really wanted to like this place. I read the yelp reviews before I visited. I ordered a combo plate with a Taco a Tamale and an enchilada. The food looked the part but it was so bland and unflavored.  There are way to many Mexican restaurants to have such a lack of flavor.  I think the cook needs to revamp the recipes or just add some Garlic or Salt.  there is actually a big sign that's facing all the tables and if I'm not mistaken more than one around the restaurant saying they take cash only."  but my wife asked where I wanted my birthday dinner on Thursday this week. She said: how about some place new this year...I told her that i would consider it. Nah And they were super friendly. Very good experience." My boyfriend and I wanted authentic Mexican food and we found exactly what we wanted at Don Jose!! I didn't get an entree because they didn't have the type of meat I wanted(shrimp) I was ok with that so I ordered a drink. The margarita was good. Hubby ordered some tamales. They were hot but the meat tasted old so he just ate the outside. They only accept cash be warned. "Went there yesterday and had a fantastic meal. They recently added some options that haven't made it into print on their menus. We chose the steak and shrimp fajitas. They tasted excellent and came in large potions. The service was top notch as they were appropriately attentive. Also the super spicy salsa was amazing The food and chips and salsa were also very good.  My fajita chicken quesadillas had cheese oozing out of the sides of the tortillas and big fresh peppers.  The margaritas were also quite tasty.  I was so full I felt like I needed my husband to roll me out the door."  I'd recommend it heartily."  so that in itself should tell you something about the place.  Or does that tell you something about me?  Yes There was a time when Carlos O'Brien's held Phoenix in the palm of their cheese encrusted hands  you probably want to take them somewhere else."  covering the whole plate. the chimi's are huge. fantastic chips. they do have a nice bar with plasmas and you get free chips and salsa  whether you're there to dine or drink. the service has always been good. this is a large  sizziling sexy Mexican food - avoid this place like the plauge. If you want to appease out-of-town relatives with sensitive palates to a nice Arizona Mexican dinner - this is the place for you! Have the green tamales and enjoy the chips with salsa  I found their ""healthy"" menu and decided to order their  ""vegan"" veggie burrito. Problem was there was nothing vegan about it. After several bites of the burrito Great Restaurant! Large Portions and good food. As for  the service it was average  Do i ever miss their food.  the best Mexican restaurant in the area.  From their dinner chips with the delicious hot sauce to their amazing burritos. We were sure to eat there a few time a month."  with sauce on the side so it doesn't get soggy. Muy bueno! The chips/salsa at Mexican places can reel me in faster than a sugar daddy with a helicopter and Carlos knows his chips and salsa."  but I got thinking that for what it is (gringo-Mex)... it's pretty darn OK!  Last night's meal of grilled shrimp and vegetables clinched it. The tacos are pretty good I debated on two or three stars.  I wouldn't go back there myself-two stars.  If I had a family to feed or people from out of town who don't need to be impressed-three stars.  I'd rather be positive than negative so they get three." Our meal came to $21 and I gladly tipped our server over 20%! I will definitely be back when I have a cheat day on my diet!!"  going back to the days when it was on the corner of 16th and Bethany in the spot where TexAz is today.  I would say that this place is very dependable.  The food is solid Just ate a delcious Mexican pizza here.  It's so yummy! Also.. do yourself a favor and stick to the northern location. The owner pretty much lives there and the quality is just better. When he isn't there they have a very trusted manager who has also been there forever and takes great care of the place." I have been a Carlos'Briens fan for many years and having not been there for a while my better half and I decided to grab a quick bite at the bar last night. I really have nothing good to say about any part of our visit. Having been in the restaurant business myself I can be pretty forgiving when it is obvious that the place is understaffed and I am willing to be patient as long as it is acknowledged that I am sitting there waiting...instead we literally waited (at the bar) for 15 minutes without either one of the bartenders making so much as eye contact. I finally had to wave my arms before somebody said Hi. I was not the only one having this problem as both people to either side on me had been waiting longer than we had and a couple of the tables gave up and left. We finally placed our order of queso dip and a chimichanga with a bartender that was less than thrilled. The queso was really bad and chimi was mediocore at best. Nobody ever asked if there was an issue with the queso as the bowl was literally untouched. On the upside the chips and salsa are still good. We paid our tab and bailed. I made a quick stop to the restroom only to find it out of soap with the trashcan overflowing and paper towels all over the floor. All and all a very disappointing trip. Carlos O'Briens needs to make a serious effort to get their restaurant back to what it used to be.  Chimi's and their Greenchili.   My friend and I love to order their quesadilla with Green Chili inside...  Their chips are always fresh and the salsa's are good too (I like to mix them together).  They have some tasty Margarita's as well.  I would recommend anyone to go to this restaurant.  On top of great food the service is also good!" I did have the mini chimi's years back and I remember how doughy and the lack of taste they had  now the food is still great and the wait is much shorter. I don't know why people waste their time going to lesser restaurants." Delicious! Be sure to get a pitcher of margaritas - YUMMY! "We like this place cuz it's down the street from my fam's house and they have a party-like atmosphere.  Nice bar with some tvs to watch the game.  The food is decent But today's third star represents a wholesale change in at least one customer's opinion of Carlos.  It will probably never be my favorite spot Come on management live up your longstanding awesome reputation."  I'm not stopping any time soon!"  second to none and it took me many years to discover this wonderful treat of a meal.  I have been here many times over the years since I literally grew up with the smell since I lived right across the street from here.  The chips and salsa are so good here as well  was not any better.  The pollo fundido was over salted and made with poor quality ingredients; the chicken appeared to have come from a can versus fresh I don't think I can give a star due to the service but yelp forces me to." A family tradition the past 6 years. My favorite is the Carlos Carnitas Dinner. My wife likes the Little Bit of everything Plate. They have Happy Hour as well and the prices are reasonable.  the only bad thing I can say is it's not the best mexican I've had. Though not the worst. I would go back!" "I have been going here for many years now. The food is always good and you always leave full. The tostada is so big I can barley get my mouth over it to take a bite. The shredded beef tacos are great. I also love the flautas and the chicken fajita chimi. The chimi's here are huge! The beans and rice are great to. So many mexican food restaurants have rice that's tasteless  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here "Food and service was excellent! It has been many years since my last visit and I'm thrilled that very thing is as I remembered  and there were a lot of options for me. The vegetable fajitas were delicious - probably the best I've ever tried. My family said that the beef tacos and beef burrito were amazing as well. We had eaten here before "Has been years that haven't been there and I am still pissed at how poorly we were treated there. Maybe it has changed but I will never step foot there ever again. Food was OK I guess but the service was horrible. If you like your food to be thrown in your face by the waitress and you have to clean up HER mess  but the food lacked flavor and was quite bland.  My steak fajitas and the peppers and onions that came with them were not flavorful at all.  The re fried beans were overcooked and were simply bad.  The queso app was OK  the restaurant is clean and they are in an area with not a whole lot of dining options (maybe that is why they have been a round for so long) but unless they take a little more pride in the actual food..I don't think in this econony they might not make it." What I usually order is off their ""healthy selections"" menu which is kinda nuts since I usually order the chili con queso dip as an appetizer.  It's super fattening.  I feel guilty even ordering it but it's so good.  The healthy dish i usually get is the poquito carne asada w/ brown rice and wheat tortilla.  But who am i kidding?  i always have to have the chips and salsa and hot sauce.  Love their hot sauce.  Sometimes I order the queso fondido which i refer to as the ""heart attack on a plate"" because it's a deepfried chicken chimichanga smothered with cream cheese and then melted jack and cheaddar cheese on top of that.  Can you say heart attack?  It's really yummy but not so great for you.  I've also had the fried ice cream there too and it's hit and miss.  sometimes it turns out good and sometimes it's kinda soupy which is not so good."  and it was pretty good!  I had the chimi plate and it was hot and tasty and cooked right.  The salsa is really good too I went there recently and in the past it used to be my go to place. Sadly the food is not what it used to be and I no longer crave their chimichangas anymore. As for the Drinks yes these Margaritas are one of the best might just go for happy hour for now on.  is really an american thing and not so much mexican. The service is excellent. The mini tacos are also very good. But I long for Las Cruces food..."  put in a relative and things declined.  I'm surprised Corey let this happen.  It used to be a special place.  Then prices went up and quality declined." Drinks were refilled promptly as needed "This is strictly a ""produce as much as possible"" for the masses.  The food used to be good.  it is now made with cheap ingredients and tastes like oil.  It is pretty bad and the salsa has taken a real dive too.  It used to be fun and enjoyable.  Now it seems like an overpriced fast food place.  Don't go!"  and rice and served on hot colorful plates...just like comfort mexican food should be.  I have never been disappointed with any visit to CO An unexpected find. A very homey and comfortable place. Food was fabulous! Had a steak chimichanga.....of which I've never tried before and it was amazing. The crispy outside and packed with goodness inside was just wonderful. The downfall is the portion size is enough to feed two people....so you will need to take the rest home..or share. :)  but nobody at my table had anything but positive to say about their menu choices. My daughter in particular had an adult-size meal that she ordered from the kids menu. I tried it. It was almost as good as my carnitas chimichanga. I hope that people wait til they are in a better mood before they write their reviews. When a place truly sucks then I could see  there is never a wait."  and the whole plate was more than enough for one person!... Highly recommend!"  I am more of a fan of ""truck/street food"" but A great place for lunch!! big portions Shut this place down.  You're done."  Margaritas are $3.50 during happy hour and they are yummmmmy!   Plus they have a bunch of happy hour meals for $5. Their regular menu has decent prices as well. We typically sit up at the bar which is open seating and we are served immediately.   The staff is great  great amount of shredded beef too. They are a meal all by themselves. They still have my favorite dish- pollo fundido. Chicken chimis I ordered the pollo fundido. The chicken had NO flavor and the cream cheese on the top was so thick you couldn't taste anything but cream cheese.  We will NEVER return!!!"  large parties of 8 or more never seem to be a problem. The Irish Mexican pops out a mean cheese crisp! And they even have wheat tortilla's! Foods fresh ieYiA4L5gk7S3kZYK0l_dg I tried this with a social coupon. The skinny margaritas are not that good. The food was o.k. but not worth the effort when I have better closer to my house. Tacos are stuffed to the max and they don't hold back on huge helpings of rice and beans. Jeannie loved her fish tacos.Service is great!  They have Maestro Dobel tequila...try it! Fyi...happy hour 3-7  I go for the chili con queso (cheesy warm goodness) and the tasty fried ice cream. Carlos O'Briens is an oldie but a goodie "would be a 5 star if this was review was soley based on their $3.50 margarita happy hour specials! Pretty good prickly pear margaritas however a tad ""syrupy"" for me. The mexican pizza is enough to feed an army....seriously not your Taco Bell small pizzas by any stretch of the imagination!! Good chips and salsa with a bite!" tacos were soaked in grease.  Phoenix just doesnt know how to do Mexican food....:-)"  the 4 guys became belligerent and threatened to kick our asses. One guy even asked the waiter if he could beat me up. He said that he knew the owner and he could do whatever he wanted. At this point  you probably will not do back flips in the parking lot either!"  not the best.  Staff is awesome and they will really take care of you.  Ask for ""Jose"" - he will take care of you.  Tell him attorney steve sent you.  When he looks at you funny  half the party had ready left by the time we got our bills.  I was bummed because I was wanting to catch up with a friend I hadn't seen in a while and poof she was gone .  I wanted to like this place  really enjoy this place and highly recommend it to everyone: single people  but the carnitas dinner and con carne dinner is delicious!! The service in the bar area is amazing!! Definitely worth trying for happy hour or anytime actually...They treat you like family and we always end up making new friends. There are a lot of regulars that go so it creates a nice friendly environment. I highly recommend this place!" "We use to eat at this place frequently going  back to the 80's. Frequently turned into seldomly and after tonight from seldomly to not at all. The food I ordered is very heavy and not healthy  honestly for those I would give up soda for a year just for a batch of those warm desirables. I love the atmosphere and the service has never disappointed me. Every birthday my friend asks me where she can take me and I told her she already knows the answer We have ate here twice now. It is very good food. Service at the bar is great we always had a drink and the red salsa was my favorite had a good spicy flavor. I had the burrito smothered In red chili good flavor. This is the best we have had yet but have seen many places to try. We would definitely come back Absolutely the best service by far we have received in a restaurant in a long time. The food is always good and the staff extremely friendly and prompt.  our tacos were not so appetizing! The kicker? Our server still charged us for my beverage! We went to pay our bill and had to actually get the manager to take off the tea from our bill. The manager offered no apologies and seemed to smirking about it. All's he said was ""These guys no better than that""! Too bad because my boyfriend loves this place. Accidents happen but it is how it was handled......never again!"  but it reminds me of my childhood. This was my first visit to this location and it was as good or better than the other location. I had a cheese crisp The service was awesome. The guy who brings the chips and salsa and refills the drinks- totally awesome. My drink was never below 1/2- I love that. We tipped him separate..." If I ever visit Arizona again I will definitely make a stop at Carlos O'Brien's." Portions are huge but not high quality. Atmosphere is very dated. Spicy wings are too spicy. Amazing food and amazing service. Ordered chicken fajitas they were very good and the portion was really huge. My husband order #13 and thought it was unbelievable as well. The waitor was attentive and courteous. The meal was about $13.00 bucks." Been going since they opened on 16st & bethyhome rd. allways been one of my fav Mexican food spots n town  the hot sauce is great  & taco rice & beans top notch  all around great food good service.  food was a mess and unappealing. One of the worst places I've been." Great food. Great service :) food arrived quick and our waiter was knowledgeable of the menu. Once the food arrived I knew why. The food was so bland. I could have made dinner that night for way cheaper." "Jeff & Sean - the owners are characters. The food is wonderful - I love the jalepeno cream cheese "We don't come here often but when we do it's great! We love the service and the food. The place is really nice inside and it's actually quite a big place I love Carlos O'Brien's! It's not your traditional Mexican restaurant. I always get the Green Chile can Carne Chimichanga with their Jalapeno cream cheese. Service is always great. Pollo fundido is something you should try .chicken cheese and sour cream.fresh chips and two great salsas. ..The best open cheese crips. ..they never disappoint "3.5 stars actually. This location is HUGE! I mean HUGE! The area that we were in for my friend's party held a good 60+ of us with no problem. Although the service was great and the food was ok but the lighting was terrible. That was my only gripe. Where the food was set up for the party "Not sure what's happened to this place but it has gone down hill. We use to drive across town to eat here. We went here for a business lunch and it wasn't that good "Completely unsatisfied with the service and food. The chili queso is thick and clumpy. As for the food Good food and fair prices. I have never had a bad experience here. Servers are always friendly and attentive.  however this is still my go too place when I want some good Mexican food in a great atmosphere" We've been here about three times now an we have never left disappointed.  Great staff and delicious food with reasonable prices and large servings!!  and got my son the bean burrito kids meal. Food was just okay. I find myself only coming on here to write so so reviews The fajitas were fantastic. We ordered the steak and shrimp and they were HUGE. Great portions. Fair price. I'll be back. here for happy hour on the patio 1st strike was the lipstick on my draft beer glass. 2nd was the the very rude server who treated our group like we came to dine and dash... the good points the chicken fundio and them accommodating my friends lap dog on their patio. good food bad service. yo Pancho stop being an ass no tip for you buddy. I've been coming to this place for over 15 years is a wonderful Mexican restaurant the food is very good and the price is incredible and their plates are enormous. Always go to this location as it it right by our house. Food is always great and price is good. Staff is always friendly. So disappointing.  We have been going here for 30 years and now I am not sure we will every go back.  Not sure what they did to the food that used to be so great!11"  she hands us a $75 bill. Lol when I told her she needed to remove the fajitas as that was a complete plate that couldn't be eaten she again with an attitude was gone for a while before bringing us the revised check. We will never return to a Carlos Obrien restaurant after experiencing the worst service and terrible food!" If you want a the most delicious thing in the world-try the BEEF tamales with rice and beans...its so fantastic....perfect...when you sit in the bar you get instant service......what a nice valentines day meal~ "Fancy place in a kinda odd or rough neighborhood.  Prices are ok "By far one of the best places to get Mexican food. Been going here for over 15 years with family. Happy Hour prices are great especially with drink specials. But overall the staff do a very good job on service The food and staff are always very good. I order something I did not like and they took it back and got me something different. They were very apologetic management came over asked if he could sit down and and talk to me about the issue wrote down why I did not like the meal after I got my new food came back again and made sure I was happy with it and bought me a desert. Outstanding service. Will be back This is a old time family fave! Really good Mexican food! Very popular spot and a must try! "I visited this place back in November and now I'm back in town  I considered a couple of different options for Mexican food catering and prices were pretty comparable. So glad I chose Carlos Always a family excellent restaurant. BEST food and drinks! Service is excellent and what time you do wait sure is worth it! My favorite menu item is still the chili conqueso. Don't fill up on chips without ordering some." Spanish rice was gummy and flavorless" Great service and the drinks are always good. Food Is pretty good and you get a large amount for the cost. The booze is a little more than most but they do taste good.. Well to say the least the place is dated 80's 90's look. It has a dirty feel to it. As for food... The chips they brought us tasted bland and were t my favorite. The spinach enchiladas was palatable but nothing to write him about. My partner had the Pollo fondido was dry inside and wasn't  fried long enough either as it was mushy.   We won't be back again as there are many other Mexican places that are much better. This is my favorite place! The salsa is great!  They are quick  and friendly and I've never had a problem!  My family and I have gone here for years.  The tamles and chimichangas are great.  The tacos are good but expensive.  The margaritas are great and cheap! Any company who keeps their employees for 30 years plus deserves our support!" "I've been coming to this location for years and I hope in my lifetime this place doesn't go away.  The food is fantastic and have never had bad service.  The hostesses are courteous and pleasant.  For anyone coming from out if town I could probably eat here everyday if I could." Recommended as a mostly reliable Mexican restaurant on those nights when you can't come to a decision on anything else." Favorite Mexican restaurant!! Even though they're always very busy we always get in and get our food quickly. I always get the chimichanga because theirs is the best. Had the two beef enchiladas asked for ground beef but got shredded beef.  I did notice they were really busy tonight....could have been part of it.  But still tasted really good.  Would not keep me from coming here again when I am in Phoenix.  Really good authentic Mexican Food. Be warned that the ground beef tacos aren't very good. The meat had little to no seasoning! This place seems to be striving for average at best  but haven't been in a while. The food was good and pretty much what I remember. They have some decent lunch options. The chips and salsa are better than some other places. For lunch though the website says the are open until 11pm."  and I'm really glad that I opted for the lunch portion on mine as it was very rich and I couldn't even finish the whole thing.  My wife said that her fajitas were good  my kids have been raised on it. My son is now in the Air Force stationed in Albuquerque and complains their Mexican food just isn't like Carlos'. When he is home we go once or twice so he can get his fix. We always went to the original  location on Northern and my kids like that one the best but I  like the new Scottsdale location as well and it's close to my house. I agree with the person that said they hope they never close!!"  they need a new waiting system or a louder hostess  we missed our name completely.   Once seated waitress came over took drink order and disappeared.    20 mins later I asked a guy walking around.  He promptly got our drinks.    Waitress showed back up took our order.  30 mins later no food.     Flagged down another waiter he checked and brought our food.   Apparently the waitress quit or was fired mid shift and the manager did not jump in to help her tables.   Yes  will I be going back to this location of Carlos O'Brien's? Not a chance. It just wasn't that good  confusing and strange." "Pollo fundido was delicious !! One of the best I've had. Wish I would have taken a picture before I ate it. Lots of seating  and the portions are large especially for the price. My personal favorite is the Pollo Fundido. It's an explosion of flavor. They also make great margaritas. Another plus is they still give you chips and salsa for pick up orders. Also it's close to the Point Hilton resort I always start from 20% tip and either go up or down obviously I went way down"  was super helpful far above simple refills and cleanup.  He even picked up my heavy things and carried them to my car for me. I don't know if Carlos O'Briens lucked out and found two service jewels or are now training their serving employees better---my experience on 6/20/2016: the service is as great as the food!" This food was so bad  and they were so expensive   i had Pollo Fundido  it was so dry and the the rice was so dry  Mexican is favorite of all favorites  but this place is real bad  wont eat here again  :P   my favorite has always been chimichanga covered in green sauce." Cherry on top: their chips are awesome. They cook them in house and bring them out for free with your drink order."  so keep that in mind if you're looking more for a place to bring the kiddies or your 80-year-old aunt Rose."  I've got no problems with 'real' Mexican food-- street vendors and the worst Mexican joints I've been to from LA to Ensenada to Cozumel  they have free food that is actually better than entree you might order. The patio is usually full of people having a good time. If you want a marg and a superb outdoor seating arrangement this is your spot. If you want food food with that marg try Los Dos Molino's." BOTTOM LINE:  Great neighborhood Mexican  whether they were house specials or your American-ized combination plates.  A laid back environment with good Mexican food and good margaritas.  It really hit the spot after a 5 hour road trip!" "Not good. The patio is top notch for relaxing if the weather's good but I couldn't shake that chain feeling when inside. Table and chairs had a slightly sticky feeling to them (nice If you live in the neighborhood then it is worth going here.  I probably will not make the drive again.  Good luck Aunt Chiladas." "I've been here 3 times on the company tab because it's a fun atmosphere for out-of-town guests. The drinks are good  we waited and waited and waited.  They were nice enough but bring a pillow because it'll be a while!!"  but were a unique touch. I was disappointed to find olives in the salsa   I definately didnt enjoy the service.  We waited and waited and waited 45 mins for our food & drinks.  I felt like our waitress forgot we were there.  However she was super attentive when it was time for us to pay..."  ya gotta love a place where you can crowd 15 of your friends on the patio  and I had a chicken burro with green enchilada sauce. we both enjoyed our meals."  get drunk and enjoy the wonderful patio on a nice day. I still haven't tried their brunch yet but they had me at Chocolate Fountain."  unfortunately.  The food is not even mediocre IT SUCKS!!  Started with the nearly inedible chips and the dressed-up-ketchup salsa all the way through dessert was downright misery!  And the service sucks too :("  they make Aunt Chilada's a decent place to have a bite and a cocktail  on my way to the main entrance.  But it reminds me of Tortilla Factory in Scottsdale.  You don't go for the food.  You go for the patio."  but if I were to ever go here again I would probably just go for chips Plus Side:  Great patio with sand bowling.  Would be a great during the winter months."  the food is mediocre but oh boy do they have a great tequila selection.  lets just say I dont remember much past the tequilas shots.  Anyway  but half the place is reserved and you have to deal with horrible band or MC music and exhaustingly obnoxious people." the taco came when of all things I finally get to pay my debt to you for bad service and nibbles.. And then she forgot the credit card.. What the heck  but the take away is easy to order and has always been great. The patio is a great place for Happy Hour as well." Both margaritas were pretty good and not expensive. Sounds like Aunt Chilada's is good for sitting at the bar  I left satisfied only in the knowledge that I will never patronize this restaurant again."  music and lush greenery that just makes you feel like you're in a Mexican Cantina. I think they even had bocce ball. The margaritas are great and the food is good too. No complaints here." We've eaten there before and decided the best place to fully enjoy this restaurant's fabulous atmosphere is out on the patio so go when the weather is just warm enough to dine al fresco and when it isn't crowded with a private party."  I will still make this a once a week stop.  The chips and salsa are AWARD WINNING and for GOOD REASON.  Ask for the flour chips only.  They are the reason to visit this restaurant.  Their chicken quesadilla is amazing and their food is decent Recently had lunch and love their ""Street Tacos"".  Will be back." I really enjoyed this place.  They had some real good food.  Felt very authentic... or at least southwest mexican good!  I wouldn't put up a stink. Its ok."  we were seated by a group.  The restraunt was not busy at all.  The server never came to collect my card so we could leave.  I ended up taking it to the hostess.  If you want sub-par food  a good place.  A very cool patio during the nice months of the year.  Just don't expect to eat the mexician food ever here."  much better Mexican food to be had in the Phoenix area!" Overall we liked it here & will definitely be coming back! Maybe even for Cinco de Mayo which our waitress told us all about WE have been going here for years and this our  first bad experiance and very bad it was."  just crappy service and a culture that forgets about the customer. Owners need to go into a Houston's and see how a large corporate restaurant should be run." Ate here on a Wednesday night. We were staying across the street at the Hilton and it was nice to be able to walk there. Food was average. The flour tortilla chips were good. The service was fast. Price was reasonable. Not sure who thought it was a good idea to serve pasta with mexican. Met friends for happy hour and dinner.  Outdoor patio was fantastic!  Decent margarita at a decent price. The chips and salsa were good. Not the most authentic in Mexican food but overall a nice evening.  but the meal itself was ok.  I think it is a fun place to be and their chips and salsa are good Good for what it presents itself to be."  by the time I've enjoyed my margarita and some flour chips out on the awesome patio  I get it in a sense. But it would've been nice to have them tell us straight out that they had a 46 person table on the other side of the restuarant that just ordered  albeit pretty standard and my mom got the chicken tortilla soup which she said she would definitely get again. And I'd have to agree with the other yelpers- the chips and salsa are FANTASTIC!" "Best chips and salsa in the wide world and delicious hand-tossed margaritas. The staff is incredibly friendly  which I want to check out sometime. It was a great dining experience and the atmosphere on the patio was wonderful! I would definitely recommend going here on a nice day so you can sit outside."  you come here for the old school feel and reliable menu.  The Sunday brunch comes with a chocolate fountain for goodness sakes (a fad that should have died a merciful death about ten years ago).  Everything here is tasty Had just gotten off a long flight and wondered into Aunt Chiladas for the first time.  Loved the food and the margaritas !!  Will go back again. G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA The best thing is that their outdoor patio is really nice  they can no longer just give them away in the same quantities. She said something about how so many chips were being left on the tables. I can understand raising prices. I can even understand charging for extra chips. But And they have Foursquare AND Facebook specials! So i got a FREE messy sundae and a FREE pint of their famous salsa all just for ""Checking-in"" AWESOME!!"  Cindy left our table. I seriously should have talked to a manager because she was so rude to our party. She continually rolled her eyes when we ordered drinks. The food came and it was awful. I ordered the shrimp tacos. They were completely dry and almost inedible.  I will never go back to this establishment. I cannot believe the treatment we received. This woman should not be in the service industry. I would think So imagine my horror when I found out my high school reunion was going to be at Aunt Chiladas. My $40 ticket included a buffet full of lard. At least 2 drink tickets were included. But I wasn't going to let a bad restaurant ruin my night of reuniting with my high school chums. So I had a good meal beforehand and hung out around the bar all night. The bar staff was great and I had a wonderful time. :)"  you either hate the chips or you love them.  I love them!  We were pleased to see the new menu at Aunt Chilada's... finally some vegetarian options!  The patio is awesome I love this place.  Frozen Margarita's are the best and they do not short you on alcohol at all.  Love the chips and salsa and the best item I think is the fish tacos.  but don't go here looking for fire. You'll have to head elsewhere to bring on the heat." I sat at the outdoor bar under a straw rooftop and the March breeze cooled down the Phoenix 90-degree March heat and I truly felt like I was in Hawaii. The margaritas were S-T-R-O-N-G and the crowd was lively and fun!  some of it wasn't... nothing special about it though. Just a good dinner. Average."  probably wouldn't be my choice for for a meal."  it's huge with multiple bars and games to play. There was a live band the night I went. They also had $5 Tigers Blood margarita specials that tasted really good. I don't know how often those will be around. Try Tweeting your arrival there Chips here are great! Nice outdoor area that is dog friendly.  Food is good..not great.  angry bitter old man. Just warning anyone who might have an event here. Luckily the party moved to the main bar and the staff there is awesome. See? I give credit where it is due..." I would definitely go back though. Good evening overall." "Nice and accommodating wait staff. That was about it. Parking is weird. The front entrance is not where the parking lot is. It's on a side street. Then when you walk in you have to keep your kids from putting their hands in the algae filled fountain. I think the goldfish live off algae. They do wedding receptions there if you're into that sort of thing. The salsa and chips are overrated. The carne asada burrito was horrible. It tasted like charred asada. The kids liked the kids menu "Atmosphere is fun; food no different than Mexican restaurants elsewhere (even Boston - Borders Cafe has better food). The chips might have been the worst we have had. We were expecting more given all the hype. And all the other reviews. Since this seems to be a chain "The food here is not good.  Let's just start with that.  It does have great outdoor seating though and they allow you to reserve tables for happy hour.  We often will walk down there and have a drink I recommend this to individuals who want to get away into a paradise but stay here on earth. To people who want to eat best nachos ever and wash it down with a ice cold beer. For a great night out look no further then Auntcheladas!" Been going to Aunt Chilada's for over 10 years now and I'm sad to see the quality of the food and service declining.  I had my wedding reception on the patio 11 years ago and could not have been happier.  Went for dinner last weekend for my wife's birthday and don't know if I'll ever go back.  Our group waited over an hour for our meals to arrive and during that time our waitress only came to the table once to take drink orders.  No one should have to leave their table and go to the bar to order a drink.  The one time our waitress did come by she said there was a mix up with our order.  When it finally arrived 3 of us asked for side of sour cream.  Unfortunately it never came.  Luckily for our waitress we had a large group so gratuity was automatically added to our bill.  Otherwise she would not have seen much.  but they are 2 crisp lettuce cups filled with sauteed vegetables. The tacos come with a bowl of black beans. It was very satisfying. I was told by our waiter that the tortilla chips are fried in oil Flour chips r delicious!! And the bartenders are hot too! :) Free buffet with drink purchase in the bar... spinach & chickn enchiladas were good.  hotel food. Save your money or go to via de los Santos up the road!" I guess it's a great place for a party Sorry but I wouldn't trust any Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix area that has less than 4 stars. There are many better choices." Great place to have good a meal; the set up of Aunt Chilada's works well for private parties; good outdoor seating as well.   I think you will enjoy the experience.  uplifting atmosphere (especially the huge patio!)  I'll be back for sure." Their adsvertising photos below are terrible.  Photgrapher used very bad lighting and it shows." Chips and salsa are fabulous!"  possibly during happy hour for the free buffet and because the chips and salsa here are very tasty." The complimentary chips were good - including both flour and corn chips. The mild salsa was flavorful In the past we used to come to Aunt Chiladas frequently.  The atmosphere is fun and laid back.  We felt like something had changed this past trip  but not the worst either.  Aunt Chilada's best point is the patio.  Go for happy hour  his wife Candice and their four daughters - now greet and serve guests." Best tortilla chips I have had even if the salsa is half ass. The entrees are also above average and the ambiance really does give you that Mexican cantina feel. "Stopped in for lunch with my two sons.  The last time i visited was over 18 years ago (I don't get to Phoenix all that often).  The outside patio was great Spring may be a better time to enjoy this venue" "We were invited here with some friends and the food and drinks and service were alright.They were not terrible  but Aunt Chilada's is a bit far for us to drive for Mexican food."  will definitely go again! It is a little hard to find tucked behind the hilton and some apartments."  I am a fan of the sour cream and chicken enchiladas! I love coming here!!"  for at least 25 minutes. Two different servers took orders and attended to other tables within view and not one person even acknowledged our existence. When we attempted to get their attention I'm a fan of the chips and salsa There may have been (very) few slip-ups over the years of visiting thus the 4 outta 5. But I have to admit we had our wedding rehearsal dinner here in the back room and they handled everything exceptionally from the whoops Yelp done it's usual prize giveaways....which are always fun....there was fiesta theme for this event and there was even a ""Adult"" penyata which I don't think anyone was able to break open....LOL!!!! I found out they even do a free buffet during happy hour Monday-Friday 4:30pm until 6:30pm.....that's awesome. So while I don't drink or really like Mexican food.....I highly recommend this location for it's authentic feel and great patio to sit under the stars and Eat If you can check this place out and bring 1 or 17 of your buddies Will come back again." Other than that - I've always loved this tucked away location!!  :)" I went here for the yelp event and it was great! The venue was great and huge only problem was the parking. I love the name of this place! there was even the bar outside. I ate buffet style but there was so many chips. I would hold a big party group here and the name of this place is funny/amazing. we'll definitely check them out again for their regular menu!" Would not go again although it was fun following the chilies on the path back to my hotel." There is better Mexican food around. This place is just ok and will do in a pinch. This place doesn't necessarily have the best mexican food in the country but the outdoor dining "What the hell?  I have never experienced a restaurant go down the toilet so fast.  Its like a bad night in mexico.  Service sucked  the band has been awesome.  It's a great atmosphere.  You can hang out inside and dance or go outside and sit down with your friends and still hear the music." I really don't get some of the negative reviews of this place. Each of my dozen or so visits to Aunt Chilada's have been very positive and I will continue to return."  it was clear a one item combo would have been more than enough as both items were huge.  All of the tostada ingredients were fresh and tasty and the cheese enchilada was flavorful too.  My husband had the huevos rancheros which he also thought were quite good.  This place is definitely a good value for the price as it's very inexpensive  and a large outdoor seating area with a bar and bocci ball court."  especially the patio when its not too hot outside. The bocce court is a plus as well. I've been here to watch sports events as well as to hang out with friends on the patio; Aunt Chiladas is good for both! They have a wide variety of beers as well as really great margaritas. I've never been disappointed with the food PS - did you know that these fine folks also happen to own Rustlers Rooste...that awesome cowboy establishment in Tempe complete with a live bull  really that is available for hotel guests!) The fish tacos are the best I have ever had and I am a snob from California.  The salsa is southwest style and really good. Very good beans and rice and free buffets daily at happy hour. Who can complain! Bands on Fridays are fun too. Overall this is a gem in the desert. Always featured on Fox TV  and was also spotlighted on Drinking Made Easy. If you haven't been then you are missing out! Live. Love. Eat at Aunt Chilada's." Chips and salsa are great! Great friendly staff! Awesome homemade hot sauce!  but everyone I was with seemed to enjoy their meals and the portions were ample.  I wish I would have ordered something else." "I've had nights where I'd give it a 5 star and nights I wouldn't give it a 1 star "This place has a fun atmosphere. It has a live band on Friday night as an example. I ordered the Sea Food Enchiladas which was pretty good. It was stuff with cheese  which I keep forgetting since I typically get a burrito ""enchilada style"". But I keep coming back for those delicious chips and forget I should get something different from my usual." The bonus for me is that I live pretty close so as long as I don't ever stumble on to 16th street into oncoming traffic  which I don't regularly see at Mexican restaurants (maybe they take too long to make?) and they were perfectly cooked.  Another surprise was a healthy green salad that really complimented our meal.  Sometimes when I eat Mexican food I don't feel like I am getting enough of a vegetable serving and this went perfectly.  The chips were also a big hit with everyone as they seemed to be fried and were a change from the traditional chip.  I was impressed by the flavorful and chunky salsa as well." "I am giving Aunt Chilada's a four because the service was outstanding and the chips and salsa were good.  Not sure of our server's name (table 35 or 36 last night) she was funny and excellent.   Even sang a little song about the food for us.  The food is average at best.  Nothing noteworthy "The margaritas are wonderful as are the chips and salsa.  The rest of the food was okay  the food was okay--worthy of three stars. The prices and quantities were good.  But the inaccurate orders and the lacking service (which I think comes from being understaffed instead of bad skills) drop this place down to a two.  I will update my review when/if I ever return.  Until then--go only if convenience dictates that this is the best place for you (you are staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak resort without a car)  is actually decent and props for offering fideo.  I'm willing to overlook the fact that it can smell like cats or my grandma's place because of the building's pretty interesting history."  are fast and professional.  They don't just stand behind the bar watching sports like at some other places but actually interact with the customers.  The servers are always nice and say hi when passing by.  The happy hour food is good and free though I rarely am hungry when I stop by after work - just thirsty :)  I would recommend stopping by when you are in the area."  I really love atmosphere. The outdoor bar and bocce ball court create a cool and inviting feeling." We visited Aunt Chiladas patio because we wanted to bring dogs.  We were welcomed so nicely!  They have a whole area dedicated just to dogs so you are sitting with other dog friendly people that come.  This is such a great place to sit and relax and have lunch.  The food is fantastic.  We are vegetarians and they added Vegan fajitas to their menu.  They were fantastic!  this is the place to be. I love the food.  I personally can do without the flour tortilla chips; I'll usually dig through to get to the corn ones! The salsa rocks and I've always had good service.  A Phoenix must-visit IMHO." If  you do happen to stumble upon this place ask for the flour tortilla chips-I could live my life happily only eating those things :)" "Food was average but I give it 2 stars because the service was terrible. I could not escape the smoke from other peoples cigarettes as we were seated outside...there are better Mexican places to eat in Phoenix. I guess that from reading all of the other reviews most come for the drinks so if that is your poison  I know cause they were loud.  Out of know where comes this waiter and completely bypass us and went straight to the table that came after us... My husband looked at me got up and we left... that's when the waiter said hi... it was so bad.  What I also noticed is how dirty this place is The food was good but not spectacular. The atmosphere and service was great. I love the bocce ball court is great. Fun to play while enjoying a cervesa. I'm very willing to give this place a 2nd chance. G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA  with the homemade flour chips our favorite.  My margarita on the rocks was nice and tart.  My daughter and I both got the chile relleno plate; the relleno had just enough spicy heat with a light Friendly service but food was just ok. Maybe an off night. I will honestly never be back and from what the people who actually did eat there said I didn't miss anything."  don't sit on the patio. We waited at least 25 minutes after being seated for lunch.  Nobody ever came to our table.  Finally somebody showed up and went to 2 other tables who had showed up 5 minutes or more after us.  She didn't have the courtesy of saying ""I'll be right there"". The place was slow so there was no excuse.  Not sure if the food was any good. We walked out." The chips and salsa are worth the trip to aunt chilada's alone. I love the flour tortillas that have neem fried instead of the harder corn tortillas you normally see. I also love how they will grill you jalapeos on the side if you request it instead of just regular pickled jalapeos from a jar like most places. Fantastic place for happy hour or dinner or Sunday brunch. Love this place. "Our first visit. A nice place with a charming al fresco patio - a good place to take out-of-town visitors for a Southwestern experience. Since it's on the Dreamy Draw cycling route and very close to the Arizona Canal cycling path  but the food is absolutely terrible.  It is nothing but chewy meat covered in cheap cheese and grease.   The quesadillas are served in a pool of grease and the nachos are some of the worst in Phoenix The bad reviews almost scared me away. I'm glad I went anyway."  but everything else not so great.  I have tried a few different dishes Oh and the Chocolate fountain is disgusting. I've seen people pick up the fruit with their fingers and cough and sneeze in it." G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA "Really liked the food. The fiancee's sis got some sort of veggie fajitas...I'll DEF get that the next time I go back. Not much else to say If you get there AFTER 5:30 most likely the tacos "Classic Mexican fare with a little twist.  Fideo is a nice touch that went over well with my adolescent daughters.  The signature dish has to be the chipotle cream chicken.  Wait staff was a little slow I've eaten at this restaurant before when visiting Phoenix. This was by far the worst experience of all from the service to the food and just the general attitude about us as customers." The overall ambiance is excellent here because you feel you are in a ""casa"" than more of a restaurant."  but I think it is a nice touch that they offer that option." "Great atmosphere for the plus 30 crowd. Indoor and outdoor bar areas. Live music is usually very good.  I've been there about half dozen times or so and every meal was good. Lively and fun  but it is delicious! Guac=fabulous. Had margaritas and they were of course great! We both got the pollo fundido per our waiters recommendation. I was mindblown at how good this was! I am still dreaming about it! I cannot wait to return here! We sat on the patio with other visitors and had a ball!" A bit pricey but still a fun place." So dissatisfied we went to Denny's afterwards.  Sour cream and lime extra charge for your tacos?  Not going to eat here again.  though I've been there several times over the years on non-""holiday"" nights The fruit bowl came out and it was so good looking!  Holy cow! I really enjoyed the whole thing and overall  but nothing special...it is supposed to be jalapeno hollandaise and just had maybe a slight spicy taste. The plate came with some dry looking beans that I did not eat and some potatoes that were nothing special. The BF got the pancakes I would like to go back again and try the other breakfast items plus maybe some of the dinner selections." G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA Again thank you to everyone who attended The Breakfast Club!! It's always a pleasure sharing a meal with you guys!" The rest of the table ordered the quesadilla sampler and a bean burro.  Both looked pretty good Best part of experience? Finally getting the damn check to end the cat-n-mouse game and the cute ducks waddling in from their pond. :)"  but the food is mediocre (with the exception of the AMAZING flour tortilla chips and salsa).  Go for a few beers and a good sports room.  Eat the chips and salsa and enjoy that.  Like I said Shout out to Monica O. for organizing this event; looking forward to attending many more!" I will be back to Aunt Chilada's for some grub and drinks and I recommend you try it too!" The rating says it all: don't settle for Aunt Chilada's  and sweet view of Piestewa Peak! My friends and I frequent this neighborhood joint regularly; the bonus is I can almost justify chewing down on their awesome chips and salsa with the walk there and back!"  since I call myself being ""good"". I did order the shrimp tacos (sans the tortilla) which were delicious and the service was great. I will definitely come back again to see how things are during happy hour and heck just for the chips and salsa."  tasted like a can of El Pato chile.  The waiter was perspiring and kept wiping his face with hands & touching everything! Disgusting! Hostess were high school rejects lacking customer service.  The restaurant is dark the ceilings are filthy.  We never got  passed the chips & salsa.  Thank God we walked out when we did! Will never return.  I give it 1 star for diet Pepsi. There is an abundance of excellent restaurants in area."  but not as impressive as I expected it to be.." Flour Chips are the BEST! Love this establishment  the food here is incredible. The chocolate fountain is on Sundays for brunch. And the tortilla chips are all the damn time. It seems a bit off the beaten path Id definitely recommend this for a brunch spot Stayed across the street and went for a quick dinner. I was with a large group and I tried to change their minds about going here based on the Yelp reviews. Service was very fast and the food was solid. When my travel takes me back to AZ (Next summer) I will most likely stop by again ... One of my favorite patios in Phoenix." "This place gets 3 stars and mainly for the atmosphere and homemade chips. I give them 5 stars for the atmosphere  but a bit pricey for what we got and service was a bit slow and sporadic.  We got a sopapilla for desert and it was strangely salty and sweet.  Overall "Husband & I went for dinner one Sat nite followed by breakfast the next morning while staying at the Hilton down the street. The spinach & chicken enchiladas were to die for Lets just say it kind of sucked. Stayed at the Pointe across the street and heard good things.  The beer was the best part.. which was bottled.. not here. I do not even remember what I had it was so good. Puffy chips? Who the hell wants wierd puffy chips!? Go somewhere else. On The Border is almost better Mexican food... and that place is terrible!  but upon calling we discovered they don't adhere to that policy. Too late; we had to sit inside. The server was so rude that we asked for another. Food took an hour to get. They got at least two orders wrong - three times! They refused to split the tab. We discovered why service was taking so long when a member of our party went searching for the restroom and discovered the entire staff huddled in the hallway talking about our horrible table. I never saw the patio Loved this place! Flour tortilla chips to die for. Had shrimp tacos cooked to perfection.  My husband had sour cream enchiladas. Every thing was perfect! I love Aunt Chilada's!! Ive been going here for years with my family! the chingalingas are my FAVORITE meal! Great atmosphere and outdoor area.    Bocci ball court is awesome. If you don't know how to play somebody will help you. When we were there one of the refs was giving us lessons. I was able to find to my skills and become a world champion bocci ball player in just one hour and five margaritas. It was simply amazing.  If only the sport was in the Olympics.  However this does not offset the fact that (in my opinion) the food is not great. Even the chips are bad. How can you have a Mexican restaurant with bad chips? Do not fear the black olives in the taco meat at the free happy hour spread on Fridays." I've never had a bad experience with this establishment "Eh. The food isn't so great here. I like the combo of corn and flour tortilla chips Enjoy it here and regularly get good service. Have enjoyed a large variety of menu items over the years. Great meal for after a long day at the pool. "This place was really good. I absolutely LOVED their flour tortilla chips. I'm pretty picky when it comes to Mexican food Nice ambiance and a friendly wait staff" I definitely recommend visiting this place if you're looking for a great Mexican food themed restaurant." I had a business lunch here recently and we had a wonderful time. The portions here are pretty big so we were both fine with ordering one item each a la carte. She had a tostada; I had a bean burrito. It was just the right amount. And their chips are delicious. It was quiet enough that we could have a conversation at normal volume and the staff was friendly and attentive without being over bearing. Consistently good food great service and a fun crowd. Great bartenders and friendly owners. Get some!! We went to the restraunt day before and we closed to a private party. Came here after the nascar race and the decoration we cool very welcoming and the food was amazing. Don't count on the bartenders acknowledging you unless you are sitting at the bar. I watched two seats at their bar remain dirty and empty for 20 minutes.  Like they are too good to clean it. They weren't even that busy. We have been here a few times and it's great food and lots of it! The atmosphere is funky and fun. Some of these reviews are negative regarding the food. I can't imagine what they had that they didn't like but I haven't had everything on the menu! Everything me and my friends have had has always been perfect. The worst service they attended the Anglo first I was there with the family and the customers that were eating were starring at us and talking shit behind our backs so uncomfortable never going to this place again first and last  and is a stable as long as I can remember. Tonight we went for their happy hour and I was surprised to see that they offer a free buffet! Chips G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA  but it looks like the staff is on their own.  Probably my last visit unless there is a serious change." "Disappointed in the food. The items we ordered were flavorless. Our orders were brought out wrong. Our server was seriously super slow. On the flip side the place is rather nice with a huge outdoor patio. Unfortunately  which were okay but the beef in them could not have been cooked anymore as it was tough and not very tasty.  Chips and salsa are pretty good.  Our group of 7 all ordered different things and no one had had rave reviews or bad comments about their dishes. We ordered flan "HUGE ROACH CRAWLING UP THE WALL! They didn't even kill it because it got away  a table next to is said casually The food here was very good. Something that myself and our entire group enjoyed were the complementary flour chips and salsa. We all agreed that it was some of the best we've ever had. The service was okay but we didn't see her very much and we felt pretty rushed to order. Overall we enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.  and NOTHING BUT CHEESE.  I even told her if he finds one it will cause an incident.  She seemed to understand. The food I ordered was OK.  I had to use my salsa to make it a little hotter.  I can eat fire so this is no surprise.  My son's cheese quesadilla had tomatoes in it.  At first I told him it was just one and I picked it off.  Then he kept finding them in every slice.  I called the waitress over and explained.   She apologized and took the plate back.  A few min. went by and the waitress had the NERVE to come out and ask if it was just one.  I had already told her it had tomatoes all over in it.  At this time I felt humiliated by her actions and told her just bring a cheese crisp and I'll pay the difference.  It took a while for that to get to our table but all was OK.  While we ate a waiter dropped a napkin bringing food to another table.  When he came back I thought he'd pick it up after almost tripping on it himself.  Nope I'll never go back again." G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA  tacos and tamales could easily have one overlook enchanting favorites such as shrimp stuffed pineapple or comforting chingalingas.  Inimitable ambiance has supported everything from weddings G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA  the flour tortilla chips were good and nice to have something different.  Just nothing to write home about.  Server was a good server."  but as usual it seemed under staffed. So my friend and I sat down and we were given chips and salsa and a bottle of water. About 5-10 minutes later a family came in with small children and after about 5 more minutes or so all of sudden a waiter comes out and looked me right in the eye and went to the other table and took their order. Turned around and went back in to the kitchen. Of course this pissed me off. We got up and hostess saw me I explained what happen she said it was her fault. That did not make it OK. The waiter should have said something to us and didn't. So we left Aunt Chilada's in discuss and went down the road to Ajo Al's for a awesome meal and great service.."  not good at all. Tried it once and probably will not come back again. I will go else where for real quality food. Service was blah. Overall  and the service was excellent. My friends were all thrilled with their meals. The tortillas before the meal are excellent as well." Hidden off the 51 & Glendale. Big place & big patio. Meh food. Chips & salsa ok. Skip the queso. Vegetarians BEWARE everything is made w/ meat. Beans AND noodle stuff. Ugh. Safe w/ grilled veggies. :(  was totally rude and seemed to be irritated with us before we even ordered. She was obviously having a bad night and took it out on us.  What's happening to common courtesy and customer service?? Jessica shouldn't be in this position if she is going to have such a disrespectful attitude toward the general public HAPPY HOUR SERVICES SUCKS! been here two hours and yet to see a waitress at our table (3 top)  they tasted as though they had just opened the can and poured them on the nachos.  I asked the waitress for some flour tortillas because I believe that flour tortillas tell you a lot about a Mexican restaurant especially those who claim they are authentic Truthfully: I was weary from the disappointment. It's one thing to send back an entree but to say everything was unsatisfactory?! I just won't recommend it or plan to return." The food is awesome. I love the fish tacos and the creamy chipotle chicken. The only downside to the restaurant is the servers & the cleanliness... Or lack there of..if the waitress's became a little nicer and the restaurant a little cleaner..I think they would increase in ratings and business.  the waiter will rush your meal by continuously trying to take your plate. The female servers are often dressed to attract attention. We have been at the restaurant on afternoons where all of the women were dressed in bikini tops! This destroys any attempt at a family atmosphere." Myself & family had horrible experience at this establishment. Bad service's not enough waiter/waitress. The food is no where nearly as good as Tempe location. This place is mostly enjoyed by non-locals that don't know Mexican Food. The employees pay better attention to non-locals (folks that are staying at The Point). I rather go to Tempe location which is much better. Never coming back to this establishment. Not recommended.  one chingalinga) HH was suppose to last until 6.30 food stopped at 5.45. Servers kept pushing he expensive stuff . We will head somewhere else with our dollars .. Great example of sad hour ... Nothing happy her"  4 and few others.the salsa was really good.the chips where mix flour and corn witch I like.i had shrimp taco thinking it would be breaded however no breading witch didn't set well with a flour tortilla as taco. Rice and beans really good everyone else food looked good but mine was avg. I recommend breading the shrimp and maybe a Chipotle mayo sauce"  but will charge you $7 saying you ordered a ""BIG"" margarita.  Save your money and go to Carlos O'Briens "My buddy Mike took me here after we played golf recently. We wanted something with ""chips and salsa"" and a decent beer selection. Their chips and salsa are served community style  and the seeds make the rellenos very hot.  I believe the chili should be cut in half and the seeds removed before the preparation."  the menu has everything you would expect to find and a few you might not.  But the atmosphere and service put this place high on my list.  I really enjoy the mix of chips you get.  Some fluffy some crisp.  Yum "The flour tortilla chips are a nice change from traditional corn. Other than that  but so good. I had the machaca taco salad which wasn't served in a taco shell so took away some of the guilt from eating all those chips. It had a scoop of their guacamole in it which was also delicious and creamy. My husband and son had the beef and cheese enchiladas which were served in a delicious red sauce. The regular side is a pasta called fideo  made out of flour. Then there's the blended margaritas. They have the perfect kick. The food was also delicious. Can't get enough of the cheese. I like that some dishes serve fideo as the side instead of rice. The only bummer: I haven't been able to try the flan. They always seem to be out when I'm there." This place is amazing year after year! Authentic and delicious food! The service was great too! Compliments to the chefs  which usually are dry and not so good. I tried hers and ordered my own. Fantastic food and service. Excellent atmosphere! Completely satisfied  they literally heated it back up for me. Obviously this is inconvenient for them. But they made it seem like it was no bigs. Love this place. Good hearted people. Great good. Amazing vibe. Come to Aunt Chiladas. Cheers mate!"  they were granted the first liquor license. Everyone was really friendly and it really felt like a home town bar in the neighborhood. I will definitely be back when I am in Phoenix. Big props to to Marie!" My favorite Mexican in Phoenix!  Do visit Aunt Chiladas. Go during the day for great lunch specials and amazing hospitality from bartender Marie!!  Always a good time and Chef Tiffany's lunch specials are really good as we!! Love the beautiful outdoor patio and so does my dog! The service is friendly and attentive and the fish tacos are amazing!  & our friend had the mini chimis (they have a different name on the menu like chingalinga). Nothing was too spicey and after I left I didn't feel overfull or have a stomach ache which is rare bc I'm pregnant. The chips are literally to die for!! I'm thinking of walking over just to buy a bag to take home.!" "Aunt Chilada's is an amazing Phoenix experience! Always a great time with yummy hand shaken margaritas and bottomless yummy chips and salsa.  Best of all the service is great Aunt Chiladas is awesome! The food is great especially the delicious chips and salsa! The service is superb our server Tanner was professional and courteous!! Definitely a favorite ! LOVE the flour chips and delicious chunky salsa! Had Dan as my server and he was too rad!!!!! Will be back for sure!!!  well she'll welcome you with a smile and start your dining experience off right." Love the homemade chips and salsa!! The hostess Nadia was so friendly and gave us a great seat!! The restaurant has great food and a fun and upbeat feel to it. This is definitely our go to local Mexican food spot!!  great crowd. I can't rate this bar-wise yet as I've only stopped by past 10pm in hopes they were still serving food (just moved to Phoenix recently). I'm giving this 5 off the restaurant atmosphere  it is excellent for casual dining. very nice server. Wife had the shrimpand scallop enchiladas with verde sauce and a plus. I stole half. I had polbana chiles with beef and jalapeno crem cheese sauce and it also very good. Generous portions great spicy salsa with cumin and pico de gallo with olives was different."  our amazing and professional bartender/server was friendly and helpful when deciding on food and drinks! The service was fast and friendly and the food was delicious! Come get your ice cold beers and amazing Street tacos here!"  tasty and a good variety.  But the service was terribly slow.  We'll go back when we can just sit at the bar Very friendly staff and great prices. Do yourself a favor and get the Prickly Pear Margarita. The chips with the salsa were a mix of flour and corn which I really liked. Awesome enchiladas!  We had 20 people in our party and our server was great. We will definitely come back. When asking for an extra tortilla for my fajitas they gladly gave me one and charged me an extra 2.50 without telling me. 2.50 for a tortilla after paying $15 for a fajita plate. That's pretty steep. And without saying a thing when inquiring. BS  but the outdoor patio definitely looks like a nice place for drinks on a hot day."  just wish I had made it to their Thursday night trivia. Until next time..." "If you enjoy being sat down with a bottle of water and a basket of chips and wait 10 minutes without being greeted by the wait staff I swear on my deathbed I might remember how horrible my enchilada taco combo plate was and think it may have been the one regret I had in my life." Fantastic place with fun staff and good food.  Go on March 10 and wish bartender Marie Happy Birthday!!  the service was simply amazing! This is for sure my favorite place in Phoenix.  The chip you can tell are homemade I had a great experience at Aunt Chilada's! The food and drinks were amazing and our bartender Lauren was very friendly and helpful. She makes a mean vodka tonic as well. I've been here a few times and really enjoyed the atmosphere. I've seen them have live music on a Friday night and it's really fun to sit at the outside bar with some friends. The restaurant is pretty big so it's great for bringing big groups! If you go to the outside bar ask for Lauren! She is great behind the bar and always so positive! The food is classic ""Gringo Mexican food"" - well done. The flour tortilla chips for the chips & salsa are fresh Loved the tortilla chips!! Our bartender Lauren was absolutely amazing. So bright and bubbly and she made fantastic drinks. Highly recommend this place!  food and ambience! This place is perfect for happy hours and fun dinners! Lauren was our bartender and she was very fun I doubt we'll be back. The Valley has lots and lots of places to get authentic Mexican fare. We'll leave Aunt Chilada's basic Gringo fare to the tourists and dine elsewhere." Server was very nice and accommodating Food was excellent. Great vibe and great Margaritas! You want to talk about a dreamy draw...... Bar tender Lauren is the dreamiest of all draws.  Oh and her Margs are good too. Not good. It took an hour and fifteen to get the food out after the order went in. Then only a partial delivery. My carnitas tacos came out cold and dry. The server did her best but she was fighting an uphill battle. The place is obviously very poorly managed. It made for an unpleasant dinner.  you need to experience it for yourself. All I can say is that she will be amazing Sat at the bar......good service and even better sights." 5. I will not be back..." G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA  we had appetizers and I also ordered  a chili burrito. It tasted like it was frozen food. There was also a singer on the other side in the bar and it was competing for sound..poor guy. The owner/bar tender was great!" "Great place to have dinner outdoors! The atmosphere was great for a Friday night. The food was excellent and well portioned. Not the usual fill a massive plate with ""OK"" food and hope that you are so full that you forget how medicore it was "If you want to stop for happy hour and experience a tiki hut sort of vibe this is the place. The weather mostly cooperates and their salsa and complimentary chips are great. However Love Aunt Chilada's! The food and drinks are great but the service was the best part. My bartender Lauren was the sweetest and totally adorable - plus she makes a killer mojito! Definitely sit at her bar when you check this place out.  and the appetizers/entree were phenomenal! I can't believe this place is only given 3 stars because I would've thought it would have at least 4 star rating I'll be back without question!" Cold Shot and the Hurricanes ....better advice  birds immediately converged on their table and started eating. There is something very disconcerting about a blackbird eating sour cream off of a half-eaten burrito... I digress. I had the seafood burrito which was very good. Rice & beans were no better or worse than other restaurants in this class. My friend had the chicken sour cream burrito and also said it was good. Our table was very unstable This Phoenix gem is a must try! Been coming here for years with family for various events!  which I love but he hubby hates!! Great atmosphere! Service is good and the food is decent! Two bars! One inside and one out! Huge dining area!!! Check in out!" Completely obsessed with this place! It's my favorite! The flour tortilla chips are amazing! The drinks are strong which is a blessing with how much drinks cost these days and they even made me something personal that was not on the menu! The staff is so sweet and friendly! It's a hidden gem with a great atmosphere and not everyone knows about it so that's a plus! This place is awesome. I sat at the bar Kimmie was so friendly and very helpful. The olives in the salsa are awesome. All the employees seemed to be happy to be there which is hard to find in most bars. I will be back soon  but greatly appreciated! We were especially impressed by their head chef proudly carving the prime rib and pork loin for brunch.  He was super  nice!  Thank you for helping us have an amazing mother's day weekend!!" GREAT food... Everything we got was fresh and delicious. The patio area is really cute too! Outdoor bocce court in the front "I am a huge fan of this restaurant but they have poor organization and communication skills. I went in on Tuesday at 2pm and it was very slow. We were moved three times before ordering because the staff said the areas we had been seated in were closed and waiters weren't zoned in that area. It took about 20 minutes to get our drinks and mine came out incorrectly. For a slow period DO NOT EVER EVER COME HERE - GO TO A GOOD RESTAURANT" "The oldest restaurant in Arizona and the food tells you why they've been around so long!!  Outstanding food. The salsa and chips are made fresh and excellent. The outdoor patio is large  and great food. Try the avocado chicken salad or Pollo fundido" Came in for lunch yesterday and order and bean and cheese burrito. Food was good and so was the service at the bar. You even get free chips and salsa thrown in with your meal when you take out. Definitely a quick place to grab lunch and head back into the office.  my experience was a grand one. I will be back. I've told my friends back home in SoCal this is a must try "This is a place where we end up coming when we cannot think of anywhere else... Carlos was our server this time and he took good care of us. Hubby recently found the jalapeo fajitas and they are tasty and spicy  offered to buy us an appetizer to make up for the wait. They were unbelievably kind and cheerful and we will absolutely be back. We got the stuffed pineapple app and the Jesus tacos - both of which were delicious. This place is a gem." The main restaurant was closed for an event so we had to eat in the bar.  It was dirty and half the chairs were wobbly to the point of unsafe.  I had the beef fajitas and they were very tough.  I ate less than half.  On the bright side the staff was friendly and attentive. "I had the machada enchiladas and it was excellent and a decent price I believe like 10 for two enchiladas with beans and rice (no fideo for me). My wife had the beef tamales which were good but too spicy for her liking. What I loved the most was the service. I'm speaking for me and my wife as part of this review but we also had my three kids my father in law and his wife "My favorite Mexican food. Love the chips--they make both flour and corn tortillas chips. I know the locals like margaritas on the rocks but this place has the worlds best frozen margaritas. My favorite entrees is the chicken chalupas Great Mexican restaurant down the street from our hotel. The staff is very friendly. They even have a treasure chest kids can pick a toy from after dinner!  cluttered and a little quirky but I was willing to try it out because of the great reviews I've heard. We came in to fast service and a  welcoming staff however the food was crappy!!! My husband ( who will eat anything) ordered the fish tacos took one bite and refused to finish it! He's not the type to complain  the jalapeo fajitas are to die for if you like spicy food!  I'm so happy that I live in Phoenix now so I can finally go here often." I would definitely come here again in the near future."  it's very close to the Arizona Grand Resort. The ambiance of the restaurant is very lovely and not too fancy. We went around 8:30 and string lights were hung outside giving the restaurant a classy look. When we got to the hostess she said it was going to be a 30 minute wait  people were drinking and listening to live music. I guess this place gets pretty packed with people during the weekend." "Fell in love with their flour tortilla chips after a couple times visiting them- One night my boyfriendand I swung by to see if they sold them to go  servings are huge. Great salsa too. Really nice servers. I've never had the brunch but it looks good on the menu." The food was good. The chips and salsa were fantastic. The fountain out back was functioning but green with algae. The service was great. I will definitely be back when I can enjoy the patio bar. A little run down from when I was there about 10 or so years ago but the food and service was very good! Margaritas ok and the $25.00 dollar Cadillac with aged Grand Mariner good but didn't quite make the $25 price in size or taste even with the nice glass to take home! Pretty slow and quiet but what isn't  in PHX in August!! Wow - what a nice surprise!  I hadn't been to Aunt Chilada's in 10 years and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience this evening.  The homemade tortillas and salsa was addictive...I could just eat this for my meal.  I enjoyed a traditional chicken burrito enchilada style with red sauce and cheese...absolutely delicious.  The beans and fideo noodles were fantastic too...so tasty!   I can't wait to go back with our furry friend and enjoy the pet friendly patio.  the parents of the Hotshots should be ashamed of themselves.  I coached travel ball for 15 years from 10U through 18 Gold.  My daughter is a coach for one of the premier high school programs here in AZ.  Never would one of my teams been this obnoxious and rude.  The Hotshots have been around a long time and have been a premier program in AZ for a long time.  If any of the people who are running this program happen to read this Was not that impressed.. We were highly recommended to try this place out and decided to go for dinner.. Our waiter had no interest in us being there. The manager walked up to every table but us!! I would recommend going here if you want a good margarita ( that's about it) we will not be back!!! They have a nice outside patio to take advantage on warm days. I thought the food was ok  one with a complimentary taco buffet on Fridays starting at 4 Pm. The outside bar has been removed since I was last there. I'm guessing that's to accomodate live bands. Mark Mulligan (""Mexico Mark"") was playing wthe last time I went. He's awesome! I asked the bartender for the ""best margarita you have ever made"" and got a $7 margarita that couldn't have had any tequila in it because I felt absolutely nothing. Hence- the clothes stayed on that night and Mark did all the entertaining." We've seen some real authentic Mexican food before in my home town Chicago and my new home in El Paso...Aunt Chilada's is up there with all the great Mexican restaurants.  You have to stop here if visiting Phoenix....and try the chicken-spinach enchiladas with beans and fideo...yes! fideo instead of rice. Waiters and waitresses are cool and friendly.  Say hi to Sarah for me. :-)  Oh my!   The chef came out and gave us a history of the restaurant.  We had alot of fun and enjoyed our meal.  We highly recommend Aunt Chilada's. Cant wait to be in the area again for another swim meet! We will be back!"  however the quality hasn't improved. We waited over 15 mins for drinks then even longer for food and to receive bill. Overall wasted an hour just on wait time. Waiter wasn't tentative. Won't be returning. Love the owners is the only reason I gave them another chance." "Food is good.  Service is good.  It is not the best food ever  but the menu is way overpriced for the food you get. A boring bean burrito is 9 dollars! I have had better off the dollar menu at Taco Bell - I don't even like Taco Bell!  I won't be visiting this location again."  so tasty! We came in a Sunday around lunch and they had a chocolate fountain with lots of fruit laying out."  best meal out of any kind in a very long time.  Had the Polo Fundito and it was amazing.  Just the right amount of spicy! Our server was Andy and he was great.  He was very attentive.  Made a great meal even better."  Manny was AWESOME! Food was great! Beautiful day!" They were overcooked and oddly spiced. I've been there a few times before  the waitress was amazing and attentive; the second... Lets just say we waited 30 mins for her to pick up the credit card to pay."  honesty and integrity!  Their staff take pride in what they do and made our day perfect! All of our guest said they had never had such good food at a wedding before and were impressed worth the staff and venue as well!" "Best tortilla chips I've ever had. They are the perfect mixture of crunchy Solid festive restaurant." "I give this place 5 stars because of the awesome experience that comes along with eating here. The employees are always friendly and attentive. The place is beautiful and has a little pond with ducks in it. It has a cozy cause there is no way to give six or seven. The best Mexican food around. Drive 45 minutes to get there. Happy hour has fabulous margueritas at great prices We had breakfast there. It was wack. The beer was cold though. I guess that was the bright side to that joint. Maybe they shouldn't have their food sitting out though.  #baBOOSH  we passed to phoenix and i was searching for pet friendly restaurants Great time here. Had the Street Tacos that were delicious. Stayed a bit after dinner for drinks and Sarah took the best care of us. Will return again.  but the service is great and the atmosphere feels authentic.  Plenty of space for a large party or event outside with catering and music.   The bar area is cozy  and the servers are friendly.  Not the best Mexican food around awesome fish tacos for lunch.    Great atmosphere and several fireplace and fountains for your enjoyment I would recommend this place if you have out of towners and want to show them a GREAT example of Arizona style mexi-cuisine. Family-Owned and operated AGAIN "This is one of my all time favorite Mexican food restaurant. Best salsa in town. Eat in or on The patio. Great food  and a chimichanga. Very authentic and delicious! I should note we have a 2 year old and he had a little play area to run around. Very family friendly!!" Would I return? I doubt it. I would find another place." The service was good and the ambiance lovely. We will definitely be back for more chips and try some other items on the menu." Be sure to check your credit card statement. Hopefully this is not a regular occurrence and just an unethical employee who should be fired." "Met another couple here for lunch on Friday. I had called for reservations earlier and requested dog friendly patio seating. On arrival were greeted warmly by hostess Yelp needs to add more stars for this place! It's at least an 11." Pretty good dinner.  My margarita of the month was very good and they had a large selection of tequila and margarita options was fun. We ate inside and it was a little loud.  Next time we will eat On Their patio." G9LwkTSdKOyOGqd5BbuIkA  same for the replacement drink but that can happen to anyone. The food was tasty and serving time was about 10 minutes. Grab a seat in the outdoor courtyard and watch a Bocci game while you dine. Tina Ann took good care of us and was friendly and engaging. Good prices and a pleasant dinner." "My extended family members like the margaritas here so we have eaten here a few times. I love their fresh flour tortillas and salsa. I ordered the  vegetarian burrito our last visit and was seriously surprised at how they made it. The burrito had steamed cauliflower Salsa and chips are great!  The entrees are hit or miss.  Service is also hit or miss.  Outside bar is a good choice.  I rarely try new things.   This is the place to be on a Friday night and I highly suggest you come for happy hour." When you want good-enough American-ized Mexican food (let's be real: this is what it is) and you're looking at the various chains around town  i live here. sizzle in the fajita. They served refried beans and rice a roni. Never had pasta in a Mexican restaurant. Did the run out of arroz.....real rice. Better Mexican at the Bell." The queso didn't have much flavor to me but the chips were nice and crispy.  The shrimp tacos were amazingly fresh packed with lots of flavor!  The Trouble in Paradise was delicious as well!  Overall good experience! Have been here for dinner many times and love the food.  I always get a combination plate that includes rice and beans. The rice is so different and good!  Must try. "Today we did what we call the ""Aunt Chiladas Dreamy Draw Ride"" at the end of heart thumping  leg pumping 40 min ride on road bikes  and why wouldn't they? They work in the Disneyland of magical Mexican food."  June 3rd 2016) - got there around 5:00 p.m.  Was seated quickly.  Service was good.  My dinner partner had the fish tacos (1 fish and 1 shrimp) - enjoyed both but would choose the shrimp only next time.  I had the fajitas - mixture of chicken and steak - very disappointed...so much so that I only took one bite of a piece of chicken and one bite of a piece of steak and told the waitress to take the meal away.  The chicken tasted like a baked / microwaved chicken breast that was then sliced and put atop some vegetables (no green peppers at all).  The steak was slices of a lower end cut of beef - cooked rare as there was blood oozing from the slices.  No grill marks  but she charged us for 5 people based on how many people were seated at our table. We probably had at least 4 cups of wasted guac left on the table. Our bill was $100 for five people drinking water. Our waitress definitely scammed us The food is good too. I personally like a lot more spice. But it was good and came out really fast." I enjoyed my meal but my wife and kids prefer corn tortillas instead of flour. Reasonable price and friendly staff. I did eat here once for breakfast/brunch I normally go there for lunch but I'm sure the food is great at any time of the day." "I can't believe this gem has no reviews.  I stopped by America's Taco Shop the other night expecting something similar to what I get at El Rinconcito.  No comparison whatsoever.  The carne asada tacos here are far superior and much for sizeable.  Sure the place isn't nearly as fancy  and tatses great! Definitely the closest to a taco shop in mexico I have ever had! The two small carne asada tacos actually had enough for four. they give you a good amount of meat that is enough for the four corn tortillas they also give you. The same goes for the large tacos.The price to portion ratio is really good. Also  and some of the red and green salsas all brought to the table in large quantity.  The Horchata was great - light on the sugar - with plenty of taste.  Anna our waitress provided great service and was very patient with a lot of questions - ready to go bk again...." I'd say it's well worth a visit if your crave cheap and tasty Mexican eats.  Just be warned that service might leave some to be desired and the place itself is a dump.  Personally PxUQyOAdK8c3P_WnrXuCUg  their surfaces did have a bit of a sticky feel to them. On one occasion I had the huaracha recommended by the review I read. It was a generous portion of food and it tasted good  but the food makes it worthwhile."  huaraches and sopas and you aren't concerned with ambiance (the restaurant is comfortable but very basic). Everything is hot  etc.  This place is the real deal when it comes to mexican food.  It just goes to show you how most all places bend and give in It is worth a drive to the Sunnyslope area! :)" I will definitely be back!"  and this place is AWESOME!!  The seasoning is amazing!  My favorite thing on the menu is the Tinga Quesadilla they had a credit card machine It's as authentic as I've found in Arizona. Small crap shack with good tacos. Not the best looking restaurant but the food is good. Just wish someone would keep up with the cleanliness.  and a fanta... You betcha I'll be back! I grew up going to taco place in Hood River by the same name. This place is fantastic!!!!!" I ordered a huarache de tinga with grilled onions instead of raw. Tinga is chicken marinated in a bit of vinegar and seasoned in other spices. A huarache is like a huge thick corn tortilla that is filled with a thin layer of beans then it is topped topped with whatever you order. Absolutely delicious!!!! Go! Order it! You won't regret it! I used to love this place but the quality of the food and the cleanliness is far from what it used to be.  Makes me sad but I have to say I won't be going there anymore. This is legit Mexican food. I got the asada quesadilla and my girlfriend got pastor tacos with sides of beans and rice. Everything was very good. I will be back.  but you'll be staring at your food so who cares!"  the chips and salsa were outstanding." flUKBy7WHqYdfOrwU1A2SA  I think I'd choose to eat at Pepe El Toro Mexican Food just 1 block North instead.  Although there's only counter seating and no ambience The food was pretty good. I wasn't expecting much when I saw Chimichangas on the menu If you just want some good Mexican food but don't care about the ambiance  Via Delosantos and Los Reyes de la Torta I don't see the need to go here to often except when I'm in the mood for a good tamale!" "The absolute best!!  I love this place and have been coming here for something like 15 years  a great place to grab two dinners with chips/salsa and one soda for $25 and change.  ($21 something for dinner plus $4 tip)" I've never had to wait for a table and the food always comes fast enough to make it back to the office before my lunch break is over." I highly recommend El Bravo."  authentic.  Y ou'll see the short Mexican"" ladies cookiing in the back.  They have fresh made tortillas you can buy to go...which I always do.  Really enjoyed their shredded beef tacos and enchiladas.  If I'm in the area  but that's worth it to me.  There are so many mexican places that serve weird hot sauce with their chips instead of real salsa  and it was perfection!  I don't care if they're slow.  I'll wait for my beloved El Bravo!"  can you guess? Wine! It's definitely different but I likey. Would have had another but I was driving. boo." My score for this experience is 3.9 stars." El Bravo es muy bien!" flUKBy7WHqYdfOrwU1A2SA  I recently found a pack of frozen tamals that I'd picked up from El Bravo almost 3 years ago.  To my astonishment "It had been a while since eating at El Bravo....and I am glad to put it back in my 'good places to eat' list.  Great food.  Go check it out.  Oh When I have a craving for tamales and delicious tortillas I will be back. Anything else I will likely head elsewhere. If there is something amazing there that I absolutely have to try please let me know! So out of 10 items the group really only liked 2 with a possible 3rd. Maybe it was an off night but I can't give this more then a 2.5 based on our experience. I really wanted to love this place :(" I really enjoyed the cheese crisp ole to start.  Very little bread  as is the frybread dessert with honey and powdered sugar. The one main issue with El Bravo is the consistently spotty service  inexpensive. Plain old good Mexican Food. I would drive across town for it The person who complained about the service should go to Macayo's or Arriba's (excuse me as I hork all over my keyboard). Ok The chips and salsa were pretty tastie.  The guac was pretty bad though and it almost ruined the chimy.  The shredded beef didn't have much flavor to it.  Cant say I'll be going back any time soon.  but El Bravo is now my new favorite table-service Mexican restaurant for good ole Sonoran fare."  this place is a gem. The chips are thin and yummy and their salsa ROCKS!!! My husband and I eat here at least once a week. It's cheap My boss and I get green chili burros about once a week because they are amazing.  and tostadas and they are all fantastic.   The place is a hole in the wall establishment snuggled in the SW corner of 7th Street & Butler (South of Northern).  The atmosphere is pretty nice considering the area and the price of the food.  They charge for the chips and salsa but its only a $1 and good chips and salsa are worth it.  We also buy a dozen flour tortillas on our way out the door each time we visit.  There is rumor for one to be open up more north like maybe Norterra area!"  as are the burritos and enchiladas.  The reasonable prices and fantastic food keep us coming back time after time."  I got out of there just under $17.  So is El Bravo good?  I think they have some good things on the menu.  Would I spend $17 for okay Mexican food on a regular basis?  No thanks." Chile Relleno is really good. It comes with the standard side of rice and beans which is nothing special. I have been there 4 times and have the same thing each time. Don't blink or you'll drive right past this place.  and cozy restaurant will keep us coming! One teeny gripe.. a little music playing would be a great addition..at times it seems like everyone can hear my conversation. Other than that I'm going to need to try more I was really impressed with our visit. We brought our friends from France and the waitress was really accommodating with our goal of ordering lots to share family style. She even suggested their veggie tamale that was really good. I can't wait to go back and have another. My only qualm? A tiny bit too much cheese drenched on top. I know My wife and I  got there and was seated by a very nice lady.  I am going ""good start"". I may of just hit it on an off night. Nothing special about the decoration. Kind of plain could of used some cleaning. Very typical of some of the locally owned places where you can often get some very good food. My son and daughter arrives and it takes a while for someone to come and take our order. We get our drinks and wait and wait. Other people that came in after us have their food and are eating. Our drinks are empty and I have to ask to get refills. Ten min. later our waitress came out and said our food was being made. Ten min later we finally had our food. My son liked the Chimi "Great place for Mexican food - yummy food "I don't know folks. I see a lot of good reviews of this place here on Yelp but my experience at this restaurant was just awful! This is your typical mom and pop place. Normally these types of places are great. Not so with this one. We walked in and were seated promptly. We had a couple of questions about the menu and our food server could not answer any of them. One of the questions was ""do you have margaritas""? She was so clueless she didn't even know if they served margaritas or not!!! Every question we asked she kept having to run into the kitchen to have answered. Finally an older lady had to come out and help her. The older lady told us our food server had only been there a week. You're there a week and don't know what type of drinks you serve among other things? The items we ordered were guacamole cheese crisp  as you can tell they appreciate their customers. Keep it up El Bravo!" "Just discovered this little gem.  I liked it.  The salsa is not nearly as good as the red sauce that has hits of garlic.  Had the three way burro enchilada style.  My lunch partner had a chicken burro also enchilada style.  The portions are huge for the price.  Can I say it is the most mind-blowing burro?  Likely not.  I will say however flUKBy7WHqYdfOrwU1A2SA The staff is incredibly polite and kind. I feel like family when I'm there." the food is not too spicy here and always served piping hot!"  little round chip (tortilla size) covered with cinnamon and sugar.  It was the perfect little sweet treat to follow all the hot sauce I had eaten.  I definitely see these becoming a new sweet bite that I crave.  The prices here were very reasonable DEFINITELY check this joint out."  very yummy! I love the family owned feel to this place! I grew up in this area and i was always excited to come here... I still am when i am back in my roots :)"  and will tear into them while still driving home... best to buy two orders :) Also inexpensive! The location 'keeps it real'." Have to agree with the consensus: 4 stars and 1 $ All for a very reasonable price. If this were near our home  and I was in love at first bite.  The meat was tender and flavorful with just enough heat and the tortilla was tender and rich.  This was probably one of the best burritos I have ever had and it is making me hungry again just thinking about it!  I know many people complain that you have to pay extra for additional baskets of chips  which had a green sauce over it that was bland. My daughter and I had combo shredded beef tacos with beans. The meat was nice and hot and flavorful but the taco shell was really greasy and thin. The beans were horrible! They tasted like they had been burned. My son took one bite of his bean tostada and said ""gross"". With all the great Mexican food in AZ I don't think we'll be back..." The restaurant is super clean and service was good.  My only complaint is that they're closed on Sunday  although that may have something to do with the delicious cookie they give you with your ticket." They probably have the best shredded beef chimichanga with their homemade salsa and guacamole. I'm torn between that and the chile relleno. Both are delicious and authentic. This is a local favorite and I will keep coming back." The simple fact that they make their own tortillas makes all the difference in the world. I am so glad that El Bravo is in my central neighborhood while the suburbs are jammed full of lousy chain restaurants. El Bravo does fill up during the dinner rush so arrive early to place an order to go.  I ordered a carne asada burrito for 7 bucks and it was a tiny burrito was my first thought ( had it to go so it was wrapped). I though well it must be out of this world good!! When I opened it it was dripping with grease the I had to dry it with napkins I took a bite and I felt the grease running down my throat The dining area is of ample size and fit for the solo diner or families.  The restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly and attentive.  Overall  family owned and operated! Outstanding service!"  it was just okay definitely not adding it into my rotation. Expect the average  too...Bean/cheese burro is heavenly too.  We love the hot sauce - could use it for 'enchilada' sauce and we DO!  I wish I lived closer...but it's a great departure even so.  I've been eating here since the mid-80s and it's consistently great." flUKBy7WHqYdfOrwU1A2SA  chips are good. But the chicken tacos have to be my favorite. So good."  and a side of beans which were good. My husband had the green steak fry bread and I had a bite and really enjoyed it. I was sitting near the kitchen and I saw the server girl heating the chips up in a microwave and then bringing them to the tables. That was a bit shocking. So Love the hole-in-the-wall atmosphere." Word to the wise: You get faster service if you seat yourself in the room immediately to your left after entering the restaurant. If you sit in the first room you enter or the room to your right after you enter Cute place in Phx to eat. Staff was soo friendly and food was d@$% good. Had the macahca omelette and hubby had the appetizer cheese crisp ole. The omelette was a great meal for sugar and carb free dieters. Besides the chicken tamales and rellenos I love the breakfast burrito. Also the vegetarian tamales are great."  I typical Mexican local restraunt experience. Great food but I'm not sure I'd go out of my way for it." The food was good but the service was sloooooooow.  I'm not sure that we will be giving this place another shot.  The food wasn't so amazing that it warranted how long we had to wait for our food (40+ minutes).  homemade food that is served up efficiently and professionally.  You can see into the kitchen and watch the cooks working.  Very clean and orderly.  The chips and salsa and the burritos and the tacos have always been great..  And your meal is topped off just perfectly with a melt-in-your-mouth crispy sweet Mexican cookie great food great prices and great little family business been going there since it opened Been a regular here my whole life. Nothing better than the chicken green corn tamales with sauce!! "Get the ""Green Beef"" from the Side Orders _LsbT_uW0UE6rhsWiAIrsg The staff here are really friendly and welcoming.  You'll see them chatting it up and laughing with the many regulars that come in.  Food comes out fairly quick even during the lunchtime rush." I will definitely be returning." The service was excellent and courteous. I will definitely come here again and again!!" I've been taking my family & friends here for over twenty years. Authentic food that hasn't changed. Quality control is very high. It's great every time we go.  the restaurant is easy to find and there is plenty of parking.  The wait staff was very friendly and the food came fast.  Not much ambiance but you're kind of looking for that from time to time." "Food is excellent and truly authentic Mexican style. Everything from their salsa and tortillas to entrees is amazing and flavorful. The atmosphere and customer service is very plain and simple We've had them cater for several events and the food is always delicious. Great family run business."  home made tortillas and most everything is fresh. No host/hostess you just pick a table and they will help you out. Try the mexican indian fry bread come with powdered sugar and honey very good. Prices are pretty good and the wait is not bad during the week." I will go back to try their green tamales since people rave on here about them It would be worth another try and if nothing improves Authentic!!! 150 %! The entire staff is wonderfully accommodating and nice! They did everything to make sure we were comfortable and had all we needed to take out. The prices are awesome and the food is mouth-watering. I've been going here for years and it only seems to get better!  the service is friendly.  My favorite things to order: chips and salsa (and sometimes Guac)  the chicken in the chimichanga was dry and the salsa doesn't even pass for salsa. The refried beans weren't fresh at all.  The whole time my co-worker and I were eating there we kept hearing a microwave being used. They don't even a use a cheese sauce on top of the chimichanga or the burritto my co-worker ordered. Both of our meals came out to be $15 with only drinking water.  So not worth the price we paid for this food.  I will never eat here again!" Overall this place was good.  I seriously think Filiberto's is comparable.  For the price ($35 for two kids and one adult Great family place and unreal food! Enjoyed the recommendation and the attentive service. Hit the tamales hard! I would recommend El Bravo  to  anyone who wants great Mexican food!!!"  this place is alright. Pretty standard decor and menu choices at an average quality. We came in on a Friday night for the first time and weren't blown away. Stood at the door for about a minute or so before someone saw us and pointed us to the dining room (seat yourself). That was the first bad sign. We got drinks flUKBy7WHqYdfOrwU1A2SA Been coming there for over 30 years and when my boys came home from overseas we had to stop on the way from the airport." This is the second time trying thus restaurant.  . Chips were nice and fresh. But the hot sauce was warm . We tried the union taco . This was not fresh the beans tasted like canned beans . The guacamole was a little sour probably a little too much lime juice. We had their green beef chili burrito.  . It was pleasantly tasty and had a little kick . The service was slow and the kitchen looked under impressive  the meet had no flavor and it was the thinnest chimichanga I have ever seen (it's my go-to at any new mex. Spot). There was hardly any meat at all and it was flavorless. The meal wasn't cooked properly and the tortilla was still soft and chewy. My wife had a combo plate with enchilada and tacos which again were a little below average. Really wouldn't recommend this spot at all. We were the only ones in there too  and red chili beef get me every time.  I love this place."  prices and service.  A friend and I went yesterday and were not happy.  The machaka burro was on the dry side.  The waiter(new) didn't have a clue.  Usually chips are brought on contact.  Not this time.  He asked us if we wanted chips which I found odd.  We got our food and drinks soon enough but the waiter never came back to inquire about another drink.   Finally he came with the bill which was a shock  The chips "First time. Not impressive when compared to other ""dive"" Mexican restaurants that the valley has around. Prices were higher than I would expect for a hole in the wall place. It seems to cater more to the neighborhood regulars than anyone else. The food was average. Not bad  and Navaho tacos. I've tried just about everything. The food is phenomenal and the customer service is great. My family and I go here for special occasions since it's so far or if we just want some great Mexican food!" I appreciated the little cinnamon sugar chip dessert that came with my bill too!  While I am sure some would fault them from being a bit too American-ized and inauthentic with their menu "I've been coming here since I was a little kid and it's still the same. There is no need for a long review for this place Worse Mexican food I've ever had! Microwaved chips with cheese- AKA nachos. Horrible. They over charged me and forgot the 2nd sour cream enchilada which was actually good.  the best place to come for a great cheese crisp and sour cream enchilada. The food is solid Great little local place with good food and decent service. if you go Their salsa lacks heat and is a little  dry. We tried  their guacamole.  It lacked heat and was a little  bland. We tried their green  corn tamales  . I liked the mass but the chicken  was dry . The vibe and the aroma is wonderful as soon as you walk in! There are 4 seasoned Mexican Ladies in the kitchen which is very clean. The food is reasonably priced and delicious!! I had the beef enchiladas. It was so fresh and flavourful. It's nothing like the bland food that I'm used to in Mexico. These ladies smile at you while they are cooking and put some serious pride and love into their cooking! We will be back!!!  don't. I can't speak for the rest of the menu but it was overpriced and disappointing. $7 for a tiny burrito. Half the size of a filbertos burrito and honestly worse. The churro so had no flavor and the salsa was watered down and had very little flavor. The service was sub par. The only reason I'm giving this place even 2 stars is because the tortillas were amazing."  can't go wrong here!  Definitely in my top ten valley wide Mexican food options!  Anything on the menu is good!  Excellent tamales "Excellent food. The shredded beef was amazing. Having lived on the East Coast for so long I haven't had authentic Mexican food in years I love this place!  I make sure to stop in everytime I visit Phoenix.  The food is always good.  The salsa is fresh and delicious. Tamales are wonderful.  I have never had a bad meal here.  It is locally owned.  The people who work here are always professional.  Love El Bravo!!!!!!!! Food was just ok. Chips and salsa what mexican restaurant charges for that? If I would have known when he asked if we want some I would have said no. They were stale and the salsa  had to much onion. The hot sauce was good. Food was ok but not worth going back. Service was good though I'm not real sure who our waiter really was or if everyone was. The lady who took our order we only saw twice another guy made sure we had everything we needed. "So good. You can watch the women cooking in the kitchen and it just gives you that homey feeling. I ordered a dozen tamales to be frozen to take back east  very on top of it. The place was kept clean and the salsa bar stocked. I will be back. maybe next week." The food is delish. Lots of good options for meat-eaters & veggie-heads. They do it right with a delicious salsa bar that containis at least 5 different salsas "My daughter and I frequent this place.  I am addicted to their veggie burrito and E is addicted to their cheese crisp.  It really is fresh and simple meixcan food.  I also like their chips and salsa.  Good price I prefer the pork over the beef and the chicken. It just tastes better." how could I not love Baja Fresh?  It's just like ME!"  it looks like we won't be visiting Baja Fresh any more." I dint think we'll be going back any time soon... Chipotle has won our business."  so does the carne asada and the Baja salsa looks like coffee grounds or lava but it tastes amazing with a totopo de maiz."  delicious...how can I not love it?" 3msnZ6oe0sslHsE1js1QUA I went to this place with family. The service was ok and food was ok but I had a rice water in a large sized cup. The beverage was full of cinnamon at first I was really thirsty so I thought nothing of it. When I got home about 3 hours later I thought I was having a mental breakdown. My head felt weird like I was losing my mind... In short I did some research online and it says that cinnamon is a mild hallucinogenic like ecstasy. So I don't know if it was the drink or the food. I will not be going back to this place ever.  can we say H A I R in my food.. ugh! Nothing worse.. okay.. stomach is turned.. and money is wasted.. I guess I didnt need huevos rancheros anyway.. but when that kind of negligence takes place.. it doesnt deserve even a one star.. boo Bertos!"  & myself a carne asada burrito w/rice & beans added inside of it. When I pull up to pay I notice a sign w/all their dessert choices. The tres leche cake looks yummy so I order 1 of those & pay w/cash since I already paid for our dinner w/my card. After I paid Try the breakfast burritos." Open 24 hours and the best chicken tacos anywhere.  hot and fresh.  I like the carne asada burrito and my hunny gets the Arizona burrito.  This is a typical 'bertos type place.  Got to love the hot sauce!!" This was my second visit to this location. I received a lot of food for my money but the food is just okay... I love Mexican food and this place is just cranking it out without any real quality. The service was fine and I did not think it took long to wait for my food. I'm passing on this one. this place is by far my guilty pleasure. I work nights and I often find myself getting tacos or a chimi after my long work shifts. Employees are always friendly and their food is so yummy ! Its also in a really great location! will keep coming back Also they have a double drive through here!" "It's just another 'Berto's' around the phoenix area. It is pretty similar to most of the other places with a similar name. The one thing that really stands out about this place is that not only do they have 2 drive threws bit they have a walk up window that is also open all nigjt long! This is a plesent feature to a 'fast food' place "24hr Quick Mexican food??? How can you go wrong?! Think out side the box and try something you haven't before. I went for the Arizona Burrito. It was well made "The food for a Taco Shop is Ok... I got 3 bean and cheese burritos for almost 16$ That's pretty dam pricey if u ask me. I didn't look at the price when ordering so shame on me  The food is great! And I really love the breakfast burritos. My only qualm is that it's pricey for what you get and its a long wait in the drive thru. But great tasting food 24-7 is a huge plus! I go there often I like the food.   However the last time I went a couple weeks ago I got my old standby the Arizona burrito.  This time it was so bad I had to throw it out.  Dried out nasty.    Like it had been sitting there for a day.   I haven't been able to go back there because I keep thinking of that meal I had. It just ruined it for future visits. It could have been just a one time thing every restaurant has a bad day. But I was so turned off I didn't go back and probably never will. I normally would've given it four stars but not anymore  you have great taste. You get it.  They have made many changes by adding a nice outdoors patio to eat at and two drive-thru windows. That's how busy they are. We will be back and i strongly suggest you try it It's one of the good ones." A 24 hour taco stand sure comes in handy when the bars close and you want any place to eat that doesn't start with Denny's! It's quite greasy and filling to help soak up the evening's adventures. Plus the 2am crowd is interesting! Excellent! Don't let the place fool you! Been going for the last 15 years! Good stuff!  bacon & potatoes to my sausage and egg!!  This hit the spot!  Already been there twice in the last 3 days!!!  They were also wearing gloves which is always a plus!  Very friendly staff!  Same girl helped me both times!  Give it a shot "Been eating here a few months now and usually get the shredded beef tacos. The tacos are amazing if you pay a little extra for extra cheese and lettuce. But every time I get something else it gets messed up or its just terrible. The last few times were the worst and that's why I decided to write a review. A few weeks ago I ordered a breakfast burrito with just veggies and my eggs has a big piece of what looked like bacon fat back or piece of ham fat. Whatever it was it was disgusting. Then i tried some Nachos  but it sure beats McDonald's and definitely hits the spot! My favorite meals here are the Carne Asada Chimichanga and the Carne Asada burrito. A lot of people like the Arizona versions Love this place around Christmas time. Champurrado and tamales are delicious. I make the drive from west Glendale for them. Also this place has NO broads working here." "We were pulled in by 99 cent tacos...Mon/Tues/Wed!!...then tried rolled tacos with GREAT guacamole. ..everything so far has been super Some beast burritos here!  They are relatively cheap and are a better quality than other 24/7 Mexican places in the Valley.  I got the bean and cheese burrito and the wife the quesadilla and both were delicious.  If it's late and you need a Mexican fix this is the place to get it!  definetly needs an update on the decor.  But-has arguably the best cheese enchilada I have ever had.  Great chips and salsa "This place is a community staple for a lot of people who live in the area.  The best thing about Manuel's is that the food is consistently good.  The Green Corn Tamales  the servers are kind of characters.  I love the food though.  I had a shredded beef plater that was amazing.  This is traditional mexican food so it's a bit heavy  and the worlds greatest bartender. I highly suggest you make this a regular spot."  he did not realize that the gratity was already included.  The staff followed us while we were saying our goodbyes.   He told my dad that he had over paid the tip and allowed him to run the tab again.  We thoght this was very honroable." I had a chicken enchelada with green sauce and a cheese with red.. and although I usually like the green better  and I have never had a bad experience. The food is absolutely amazing; probably the best Mexican food I've ever had. (I have to admit that I don't venture off to many other Mexican restaurants because their food is so good!) My favorite item on the menu is the #1 combo - a red chili burro with a cheese enchilada and beans. Delicious! They will certainly remain a favorite of mine for many years to come :)"  while I find that to be a TOTAL bummer (bartender had a heavy hand & there were lots of the regular servers)  I do very much enjoy the salsa at this location better.  It is chunkier and fresher tasting.  I feel like the enchiladas are a bit smaller at this location and they don't use quite as much spice on their machaca One word? YUM! This place is great. It's an old family favorite. Service is always friendly and prompt. LOVE the chips and salsa and the pollo fundido. Every Christmas Eve we order party platters and always have a great experience. The decor is nice and we always have a good time. Shannon was right this will be a favorite of ours for healed to come."  but not by much. Go Go Go and while you are there try all their flavoured margaritas." definitely get the queso dip. All Manuel's aren't created equal.  This is the best Mexican food and Manuel's in the valley.  I've been to probably 4 other locations and they just aren't as good.  My wife and I love going here.  Pollo especial is excellent. I would go back for that bean soup."  I enjoyed dinner and would get the tacos again "Our server was very overwhelmed so our service was mediocre at best. I was so looking forward to fajitas and was fairly disappointed. There was absolutely no flavoring on the chicken or the steak  but beyond saying hi to a nice waiter or pissing on clean porcelain  we've eaten it there. Becky is our favorite - and super special - server and she always gives us excellent service. Stop in Will come here again."  a pretty reliable choice for (Phoenix) Mexican food." I don't think I'd pay normal prices here One word: OBSESSED!!!!! I love this place! My almost 2 year old daughter loves this place! It is amazing!!! Favorite place to eat! "Consistent good food. Prices are good. Been eating here for years  their gigantic cheese crisps... all delicious and satisfying. And their service is always excellent. I will just avoid the chili relleno from now on."  and do a little redecorating!)"  but the salsa tasted like El Paso out of the jar. The rest of the meal was outstanding. I had the Green Chili con Carne burrito enchilada style lunch special with green chili sauce on top. It was an amazing taste sensation. The beef was not shredded but more like tender stew meat seasoned to perfection and the beans and rice were pretty good too. My wife had the shredded beef taco lunch combo "" has a special place in our hearts and has recently been doing everything for the newly redecorated bar area including serving food and drinks I'm new to Phoenix and I was looking for somewhere close to my house to eat Mexican. I went at about 12:15 during lunchtime. The crowd was not that bad but the service was not very good but the food was great.  friendly service  :) good all around :)  I would def come back here when I'm craving Mexican close to home." Great enchiladas.  Chips and salsa = good. Salsa is a little sweet and tastes fresh.  Service is superb. Rice and beans do not disappoint. Had the Pollo Especial....delicious! My husband had Carne Asada and it was so moist and tender! Loved loved loved the chips and salsa!!!!  heavy on grease and goopy sauce. Is this what passes for good Mexican food in Arizona?" Miguel was an excellent waiter loved the food decor. If you have a chance don't pass up an amazing restaurant. "My family and I always enjoy eating here.  The food is always fresh and the staff is very friendly.  However "We have ordered Pickup on several occasions and have thoroughly enjoyed both the quality and portions of every item ordered. The wife says their cheese enchiladas are second to none and my favorite is their beef burro and taco combos. The only issue I have is in the order process. We always seem to receive the incorrect items ordered and have to return them or call them with our disappointment. Thank goodness we only reside a few blocks from them. I have since taken the time to go through the bag and check everything out upon arrival for pickup. Embarrassing Best chips and salsa the side of the border :-)The food is delicious and the service is friendly and the restaurant is clean!  but everything on the menu is good. I highly recommend the green corn tamales.   They're the best I've ever had!" Our go to family restaurant when in Phoenix! Everything is soooo good! "The best Mexican food I've tried so far in the area. I ordered the Carne Asada meal which came with 8 oz of meat a cheese enchilada and rice and beans. The carne asada was the best I've had. Sometimes it gets dry and chewy at other places Eddie in the bar makes this place great.  The food is ok but we come cause we know the people and love the margaritas The only reason they get 5 stars is because the waiter was very attentive. The food was ok "My son and I went here for dinner tonight. He had nachos that were pretty good. I had the 3 amigos enchilada dinner. Enchiladas  if you are looking for authentic Sonoran Mexican food this is not the place. Flavorful and spicy is what I typically expect from Mexican food but it is not to be found here."  and sopapillas amazing!!!  Everything at this restaurant is great Machaca is on point. The tortilla soup is one of the best I've ever had. The presentation of the soup makes it the best. Drinks are strong so be careful there. Good spot for date night or place to go with the kids  two out of the three girls were friendly. I'm assuming the bitchy one took the order. I ordered the grease bowl....I mean chicken enchiladas. It was so greasy it looked more like enchilada soup.  My wife ordered some tacos. She wasn't really impressed either. I've had manuel's before it never was this terrible before.  It's a shame this location sucks so bad seeing as though it is so close to me. Looks like Valle Luna from now on." "I have been going here since the 1980's and it is still the best. Great salsa  and all of the servers have been very friendly and always get the job done well. We absolutely love this place and have never been disappointed with any of our food orders." I love this place. Very friendly environment. Great food. Reasonable prices. Not to mention very fast service. Never had a bad experience out of my frequent visits. Would recommend this place to anyone who loves Mexican food.  and the rice was cooked perfectly.  Although the outside gives the appearance of a cantina  I like mild salsa and theirs is just right for me. They do offer hot sauce for those more daring individuals. The service is always good but I received excellent service from Mariella!!! Even though I was dining alone she didn't ignore me and was very attentive. My drink and chips were never empty!!" "Hubby and I live within walking distance and one of the reasons we bought a house where we did was because we could walk to Chuy's.  It's super casual and cool.  Super cheap and very When it comes down to it its solid food at a reasonable price. You can't ask for much more for a regular day lunch experience."  a free chips and salsa set-up and good prices on beer.  I recommend studying the layout before your first drink  making Chuy's a great stop for a budget friendly meal where you don't compromise on taste."  actually I think the menu is a bit confused.  But the food is good overall.  It's a place we'll go to every month or so." Boy this place has gone down the can. We have been to the others but no diffence what a change over a few months. service is ok. Food bad. T.V.'s not updated chicken supper dry beef dry.not returning save you're money. Chuys is always going to be a good choice for mesquite when you need a quick bite!" I order the  chicken ala-cart.  I was very surprised at what I got.  They brought me a basket with one piece of chicken breast cut in half.  I asked the server if that was right.  He said the cook had ""weighted it out"".  I said it was suppose to be  of a chicken not  pound.  I paid $7.64 for one piece of chicken and a glass of iced tea." "This was the most horrible for I've had in YEARS! I'm pretty forgiving but I can't forgive the junk they cooked here. Please don't go I always get the Tri Tip Salad and I'm never disappointed!  Great food and prices are perfect. Chuy's is closed but this has reopened as C.C.'s same food and menu. $8 pitchers of margaritas are strong!! Great food for low prices. "This place kinda sucked. We went araound lunch time so it was almost at full capacity I fig it would be ok since it was full and all. It looked like there was 2 people working here. I give props to the mex girl cooking all the food. It's cafeteria errrr um Subway style mexican food they ask you what you want and add it to your burro or w/e you get a tray and sit. I had a veggie burrito which was basically rice and your choice of black or pinto beans they did have 3 tortilla's to choose from. It was a pretty big burrito and fairly good but nothing special. The kid had a chicken quesadilla which was tiny they put like maybe a tablespoon of chicken in it with a side of cinnamon chips they gave her like 4 chips and a small ftn drink not very much for the 4.25 kids meal if you ask me. Their Salsa bar was disgusting with wilted cilantro ZN-RG7wkT8MLsmaTPzIW5g  but it's not quite a super-awesome-bring-the-folks kinda place." You'll get an infinitely better meal if you go to the Chili's across the parking lot "Could be better.  I would like to give it a higher rating but just can't.  The food is mostly tasteless and sloppy.  The price is right  I work nearby so I usually come here about once a week. The staff is friendly and they have a CD that usually plays in the background containing a spanish version of the song ""Achey Breakey Heart"" The place was clean and the price was excellent." I honestly dont know why so many bad reviews I think this place is pretty good and the price is not bad either! One bonus star for not getting sick from anything." "I went to Sabroso Fresh Mexican Grill with my son for dinner and it wasn't a good experience. Definitely not kid friendly...the options for the kids meals were not healthy at all or fresh for that matter. The woman taking my order seemed rude and inpatient and she ended up getting my order wrong. The restaurant was a mess the tables were dirty and a lot of trash on the floor. The food was the worst Mexican food I've ever had I ordered a spicy chicken burrito that was BLECH!!! Nothing good about that thing. I also ordered a mini steak quesadilla. She made me a full sized instead. This turned out to be a good thing since the burrito was awful. The quesadilla was pretty darn good! Needless to say I wont come near this place ever again." If ever a reason to go there I guess the chips and salsa are ok. That would give it a star. But otherwise... I would never advise this place.  Sorry. I hate to be mean. I always try to find something good about an eatery. This place was hard to find anything good." "And the winner for the worst Ethical Business practices in Arizona Award goes to.. Drum role please.. Sabroso!! Remember that scene in Ace Ventura when Jim Carey was in the fetal position in the shower while The Crying Game song was playing by Boy George in the background.. That felt like the restaurant rape I had today.. You see.. I goto this place probably about once a week.. Its in the hood  quesadillas are excellent!" i like the chips and salsa too."  was the cheap wicker type seats on the chairs.  Two nasty splinters became embedded in our young daughter's knit pants/rear end I come here pretty often and the food has always been great. Happy hour specials are awesome (99 cent tacos and cheap drinks). Good service too. Horrible. Do not go. The staff doesnt pay attention to your orders or care at all. All the food is watery & lacking real flavor. Even the salsa is pretty crappy. I'd rather eat my own fingernails!  the tacos were so-so. The set up is kinda like an assemby line. You tell them which meat and toppings you want and they prepare it right in front of you. I've had tacos prepared this way before and the meat is never hot. I got the taco basket which includes tortilla chips. The chips and lemonade were the best part of the meal." "My whole family loves this place. The burritos are huge; enough for two meals for me. It is similar to Chipotle. You chose what you want in the burrito as the make it. Sabroso's ingredients are more fresh and authentic tasting than Chiptole "Love this place... The food is good. Similar to Chipotle but less expensive "This place is yummy and super affordable! I have eaten here more than any other restaurant in Phoenix (maybe 100 times in the past five years) and have yet to be disappointed. Go for 99 cent house margaritas and the veggie taco basket THEY ARE NOT CLOSED. They're moving to a different spot in the same shopping center. They are infinitely better than Chipotle for that kind of food. A LOT less bland. Chile Relleno plate was pretty good here the beans were good the rice was meh. The chips and 2 diff salsa's were good tasted fresh. It didnt take long and Horchata was good! All in all I will stop here again and try some other dishes since its really close to my new pad!  but I decided to give this one a try and SO happy I did. The food was well priced and not too greasy. The ingredients taste fresh and it has that family owned feeling." right around $7 and I could not eat it all." This place is great. You wouldn't know it by the looks of it but I have been taking people here for years and the food is always fast and very tasty! Yb2pNCxYR32XKmpirqJqeQ Best hole in the wall Mexican food in the valley! And they have a cute little salsa bar too. Love it! Got the steak fajitas dinner....extremely satisfied." Best little Mexican restaurant in the area. Carne Asada is tender and not fatty!! Eat here a couple times a week Definitely great Mexican food. They  have the best Nachos....EVER! I am a huge nachos fan (almost as much as french toasts but not quite...) and I can honestly say since I've been in Phoenix (a  year now) they have the best!  and small. BUT!!! The food is amazing! As authentic as it gets. I had the taco with enchilda and a quesadilla. WOW!! I could have eaten somethign else too Thanks for the experience Mi Pueblo Mexican! We enjoyed!"  very good!  The fact that it's just down the street?  Bonus!" If you are looking for a quick place to get some good Mexican food this is the place!" Check it out if you are in the area it is so worth it!"  tasty tortilla chips available under the heat lamp at the salsa bar." "First time here. Also one of my first reviews. This place was actually really good. Great salsa bar with hit chips. I had the #13 steak fajitas "Oh so good!  I get take out from these guys every week or so and have never been disappointed.  I'm a creature of habit and am addicted to their chicken burrito.  My husband loves their twin chimis.  It's a little hole in the wall restaurant with hardly any seating  very light and crispy. Much better than any of the chain Mexican places. The place was small but clean and friendly. Was so glad we stopped!!"  because i can't imagine anyone spending money at this place on a regular basis for a chimi so small. It was literally 2"" wide by 6"" long by 1"" tall. That's for a $6.99 chimi. Macayo's charges a few bucks more for a chimi that's more than twice the size. I guess the only decent thing was the free chips and salsa  and I actually think I might go back tonight to try the Green Chili Chicken Enchilada. I got the Chicken Fajitas plate  nothing had a lot of flavor. Every piece of my meal seemed fairly bland. Towards the end it picked up a bit I went here for the first time because of a group 5 for 10 deal.  I have to say the staff was really friendly.  Prices reasonable.  The quesadilla I had was awesome.  I also ordered some nachos but ended up having sour cream and guacamole on them which I couldn't eat.  I definitely will be going back.  This takes the lead for my cheap taco spot in town. wTl650iIdHn9bot23I_gXw "This is one of my familys favorite hole in the wall establishments in Phoenix. Almost as good as Valle Luna or the original Garcias on 35th and ossborn YUM!  Came here with the hubs.  I was able to get my authentic Mexican food fix and my horchata fix.  Scrum-diddily-uptious :)  Only thing- the hubs ordered me chicken enchiladas instead of cheese.  -1 point for the husband. Give this place a try if you are interested in trying mexican fast food "We live just down the street from this little strip mall restaurant.  Why oh why didn't I find it sooner!  I am a very picky eater and sort of a bland eater. They were willing to keep things out or add things to match my odd tastes.  Husband is an eclectic eater and will try anything so we make a good pair.  He was impressed with the enchiladas and the homemade salsa.  I ate a chimi and it was fried to perfection.  Very authentic tastes and great prices.  Houston Delicious south American cuisine Such good Mexican food... the open faced chicken chimi is delicioso!  the woman who was washing tables strolled into the back where you can see them prepare the food. She wiped her hands on her dirty apron and reached for a tortilla with BARE unwashed hands I almost walked out right there but was so shocked I just watched in disbelief!! She proceded to slap some ingredients on it from containers rolled it up sprinkled some cheese; still no gloves. The best part; she put it in a styrofoam container and then PUT it in the microwave!! Mouth dropped to the floor after just paying $8.14. I walked out and threw in the trash  but the food is good. My husband always gets a chimichanga and I love the veggie burrito. They do a nice job with pick up orders-- our food is always prepared and ready when we call ahead." I would go back again since it is nearby... But it's nothing too impressive.  No really spice is used here so I just give it a middle of the road rating." Try some chips and delicious homemade salsa while you wait They used to have some awesome Tortas on the menu but they sometimes have the bread if you ask they can make them.  I really like the fish tacos omnomnom  but I see that they do a pretty good ""take-out"" business as well)  They're close to a water store Service is very nice. Chimi was a little too deep fried. Burrito was ok. Every bite seemed uneven....Taste was average but still good. Price was good. I'd consider going here again for some easy Mexican food.  but nobody beats Mi Pueblo. I like to mix the mild and hot 50/50. All their food is delicious and very consistent. Not as greasy as *bertos. So glad I live right down the street. Oh yeah This is not a fancy place. The atmosphere is just adequate. Go to Chili's for that. If it's really good food you're after  enchiladas and menudo are my favorites . Big portions  "Me and my husband were in the area and decided to try this place out. I'm glad we did!! Food was delicious!! I love the chimichangas and the chips "I stopped here occasionally when I'm in the mood for Mexican.   The food is good.   However the reason I go there is because The staff is always friendly.   It's like they're happy to see you.  Other than that it""s just an okay place with good food" We will be back for the salsa and to try more menu options at this hidden gem." A nice little place to grab a quick bit to eat. They have a average selection for the menu and the food is pretty tasty.  you can taste how fresh it is. I always get their Carne asada burrito and it is great every time. Not to mention how nice the staff is their."  and I ultimately went with the fajita burrito and a side of Guacamole. Super friendly staff  and the nifty credit card system even allowed for an emailed receipt instead of printing one out.  Great place that I will absolutely be trying again and again."  but I was still served quickly.  Friendly staff." "I've been coming here for years with my family. Tried almost everything on the menu. The chili rellenos are almost as good as my own! 1/ 3 good places in the valley with chilli rellenos that good. Beef stew tastes like my Tatas own broth Got chicken chimi ... so good.. so much food. Have come here multiple times . Everything is always great.  Family owned and operated.  Great people. Daughter had taquitos.  Loved them."  and Salsa were just the normal Mexican food taste you would expect - nothing special. I think what ruined it for me was the meat Yb2pNCxYR32XKmpirqJqeQ This is a great little restaurant! My husband has been going here for years and I love the tacos! Not a place I would drive miles to go to but a good place if your in the neighborhood.  Just wish the food had a little more kick to it. I would recommend this establishment and I will definitely come back to try some of their other dishes."  veggie burrito and taco salad. I would suggest you give this place a try and don't forget the salsa bar." This is a really good place to get some decent mexican food for the money. The menu is extremely easy navigate. There is self serve chips and salsa and they are relatively quick to serve your food since the menu is of composed of mainly the basics. The place is pretty small inside and doesnt seat that many people though if you plan on bring a big party for whatever reason.  if I had a bit of extra time in the morning." I've been here twice and both times were very enjoyable. The salsa bar was excellent and the food was great!  but nice looking and clean inside and good food. We experienced fast and friendly service. The chips and salsa bar is a nice touch. I wasn't expecting such a good experience from a small place like this and kind of a weird location.  The horchata was the best I ever had!" There is very little sitting room so avoid the lunch hour if you can."  it is a small place that has a fast food type style of ordering. They offer different combos with rice and beans Stopped in here last night mainly because I was craving tacos. And it was Tuesday after all. Had the little street tacos that are made with pork and onions with a green salsa. Just what I wanted. They were ready pretty quickly. They were tasty. I also had some Horchata which was a good sweet complement to the spicy tacos. Pricing was reasonable. I would go back again for sure. Sketchy area next to Metro Center. Practically only business left in the strip mall. The place is oh so yummy if you ignore the ambiance or lack there of outside of this authentic Mexican kitchen. Basic dishes made with fresh and yummy ingredients. The staff is always courteous and attentive. Great little spot to grab a quick bite.  and great customer.  I will be back." "By far the best Mexican food I've ever had! look no further and don't even bother with filibertos unless it's on those late drunken nights and Mi Pueblo is closed but if not  so this place is great because it has shrimp and fish - doesn't just limit me to beans.  And it's all good - hubby has tried a variety of dishes  mother and my 3yr old son. My son lived the rice and beans. My wife loved the rolled tacos and the chimis. Mmmmm.... We will be back. Thanks." Very good chimichanga with red sauce. You get plenty of food. You serve yourself chips & salsa. "After I had ordered my food I asked if they had a salsa verde (I had wished I had some on the last trip) the host apologized and informed me they did not have a true salsa verde. When he brought out my food there was a small cup of salsa verde "The perfect neighborhood Mexican restaurant. An absolute gem. My favorite dish is the halved grilled chicken soft tacos. I recommend calling ahead if you can Great fish tacos and fresh salsa. Healthier than most Mexican places.  Food is fresh and delicious! "Seriously?  How did I miss this place?  I drive by it at least once a day but never stopped in until about a month ago.  It's a small storefront in a strip mall wedged between Bosa Donuts and Goodwill at the corner of Union Hills and 7th St. so it's kind of easy to miss.  Head inside and there are about 8 tables and a menu with photos hung above the register.  Go to the counter  once for lunch and today I tried their breakfast.   They have very friendly staff and fresh ingredients.  Salsas are on point and they provide free chips.  Quality spot" I just love this place.  The food is like real sit-down mexican but you can get it pretty fast on the go. very small place with a big menu.  they offer free chips and salsa bar where you choose from 2 mild salsas and one hot.  the hot salsa was not my flavor and I like the hot salsas.   the mild red salsa was good.  I ordered the chimichanga combo with all rice.  rice was good but chimi was not crispy it was soft and gooey.  my wife liked the meat flavor I did not.  my wife ordered the carne asada burrito combo.  shei liked it but did not love it.  I won't go back.  very delicious mexican drink that you should try sometime. My favorite dish is the cilantro street tacos. Mostly because I am a huge cilantro fanatic." Tortillas not ideal for enchilada sauce" My husband and I have come here every Sunday for 2 years.  The service is efficient and courteous and the food is outstanding. On another meal I ordered there was a hair right on top. Lost my appetite as well as craving for this place. Never going back!"  and each time I was never disappointed.  Each time trying different dishes I called in our order so I wouldn't have to wait for our food. They said 15-20 minutes so I knew they were cooking it fresh. My order was ready right on time and I used my Yelp check in 10% off coupon. The food was delicious! I got the 2 cream cheese chicken enchiladas with rice and my husband got the 2 green chili beef enchiladas and beans. We both thought the food was very good. A little pricey for take out Mexican but we were both full and happy with the food. I would recommend checking this place out! They are friendly as well. I want to try the green sauce - that'll have to wait til next time."  I got the 6 half chicken tacos and they hit the spot. Muy Rico! The interior is exactly as you would expect in a old strip mall joint. But you're not here for the ambiance. It's the food and it's good and the price is right.  I'll make a point to come back at a proper lunch time. I bet it gets packed."  and amazing California burrito! Small place but great service and food! I highly recommend this place"  tasty Mexican food. Friendly staff I got a veggie burro and a friend of mine got a shrimp burro."  and there is no room at all if more than 10 people are in the restaurant." Food was good and customer service was good as well." The Enchiladas and Tacos are great and the combo plate is a lot of food.  The rice is good but the beans leave something to be desired ohh memories. i haven't tried it since it changed to Federico's but lets face it. all these places are pretty much the same. cheap delicious food that is a gamble every single time." "Home of the incredible exploding burrito. This place is awesome if you want to wear your food. Actually  its damned good! Lets face it there are a TON of ""-bertos"" and ""-icos"" ending mexican joints with interchangeable prefixes  but the Federicos on 32nd and Shea is truly one of the good ones. The AZ burritos are awesome as well as the quesadillas - try it with their green sauce and you wont be disappointed! Tostadas arent bad either :)(: one thing "I stopped by Federico's for a quick bite to eat.  I ordered two beef tacos with a drink.  The woman at the counter was doing double duty at the drive-through so service was a bit slow But its in the smaller treats where Federicos can win you over (nachos  so they do  taste a little different !! this place is very clean also !!   good food ! good prices !" "If you are looking for a good burrito you wont find it here. I kept giving this place a chance just by trying other things they had to offer  I like fast Mexican food and out of all the corner taco shops this has been by far my favorite..  Always fresh and hot off the grill/fryer it's one that I frequent regularly :)  but they were very generous on this particular day and I know it. Thank you for helping with my nacho fix. If I am ever in this part of town again I've eatin here 15 times or so. Its the neighborhood berto's and always hits the spot. Of course tastes better after a night of drinking. Great lunch as well.  I'd have to give it five stars. Believe me there aren't any great Mexican restaurants there." DlLduXXSwjkm7OL4Z1iH1A Want cheap and fast and good? Boom. A great pick." This place is the best absolutely awesome if you drank and partied all night. great for a hangover open 24 hours Connie Asada burrito is the cure for all and will soak up all the alcohol don't forget to get extra salsa  cheap prices count me in on coming back for more!"  they have some of the best Mexican food ever. Bring an appetite! Next time I need to come on a day I'm not craving egg rolls and sweet n sour chicken :)"  I just have to laugh.  The fish tacos at Federico's are a perfect symbol of why I moved back to the Valley--cheap  so that provides great opportunity to get the goods whenever you might need them.  Not the biggest fan of the ambiance inside so I have started just going through the drive through  this is your place! The burrito is of good proportion and they have multiple meat options to fulfill your craving. Definitely recommend this place and look forward to trying lunch and dinner options on their menu as well." This Federico's is the best. Beats all other Juliobertos or Filibertos. Portions are huge and the quality is MUCH better! So happy I tried this place out and stopped by because the food was worth it!" I love their carne asada French fries and the rolled tacos. I can't eat both in the same meal though. The fries could be split between two people. Good food and good prices. So tonight I ordered carne asada tacos I got home and I got carnitas. Whenever restaurant messes up my order I will never allow them to remake my food I just return it and get my money back. So when I went to go return my order the little young lady that took my order have the audacity to tell me no. you ordered the carnitas. I'm okay with people messing up my order but I'm not okay with an attitude from someone who's trying to tell me what I ordered. Horrible customer service. I'm sure they won't miss our business and that's fine but me and my family will never return to this location. cvhsdSDaWPjLVnTThQkx8g  but if the service isn't any better then maybe I'll turn it into my new special ""my takeout place.""" "My husband and I moved to Phoenix from San Diego a little over a year ago.  We searched for months for a Mexican restaurant to satisfy our cravings for GOOD mexican food.  Luckily we found El Conquistador and have never gone anywhere else.  We go here every week and cannot recommend this place enough!  The salsa is delicious and the enchiladas verdes (I prefer the cheese or chicken) are absolutely the BEST I have ever had Service was great.  I'll go back and try something else around dinner time.." The ""lunch"" was about 10 bucks and I felt cheated. Maybe I am not a Jalisco style fan?"  i must had gone in at the wrong time. nothing more to say and very disappointed..will try again next month when i am in that area." The prices are a bit steep for a family style mexican food restaurant.  I've left there sometimes wondering how the bill was so high.  But the food makes up for it and my family goes there at least once a month!"  but everything takes forever.  My recommendation is to try takeout."  but we still drive 15 miles out of our way to come here every week. The food is consistently outstanding. My favorite is the enchiladas verdes con pollo. Delicious!!!" And the best of all: their always-spotless utensils  but hey that's all the way down by South Mountain. Mark and Maria are wonderful people churning out some incredible food. My all time favorite is the El Conquistador burrito enchilada style. It's filled with steak picado When I finally got to sit down and eat my food it totally appeased the burrito beast inside me. There was a lot of food and the rice was delicious too. I think I spent around ten bucks...not too bad. Also  homemade authentic Jalisco style food at a fantastic price you should get yourself to El Conquistador with the quickness." I didn't miss them when they moved across town."  they ARE moving to new location at 7 and Thunderbird next week and she showed me the picture of the store front and it reads El Conquistador" sad to report lose to this area but CLOSED at this location now but expected to be open Wednesday at new location & 7th and Thunderbird  in both instances the husband (not friendly enough to clue you in on his name) ""forgot"" to put the tequila in the drinks. In my four visits he seemed to hate being there." This place is good.  The 5 mini tacos are great.   The carne aside and pollo asada are good. Now I remember why I stopped coming here.  It takes FOREVER to get your food.  I realize it's a small kitchen with one guy back there but for 3 orders (2 ahead of me) it shouldn't take 25 mins.  Foods decent but I'll head to Frederico's on Cave Creek any day over this place. If i'm craving Mexican food this is my go-to place. The food is great but the atmosphere is definitely strange in there. Always get to go... I don't know why they have bad ratings. Best Mexican in this area. Mini carne asada tacos are yummy. Good prices and I always get my food fast.  I only ever eat the breakfast burritos- I agree that some of the meat might be a little strange so stick with the egg and ham burrito. Oh and definitely get lots of the green sauce ydnc0p_oPL80BBKJNZGw_Q  chorizo plate. Lived them all!  The place usually has several Spanish speaking couples there each time I go. Don't let the decor-or lack of decor- scare you away. It is clean and delish." "We usually get breakfast burros every week. Our favorites are red chili  I have the three strikes you're out view when it comes to bad reviews for a restaurant. This one hit it - three times in a row slooooow snail level to get my food and the food was not worth that 20+ minute wait each time. Average tasting food items as the day is long." Great breakfast burritos.  The people that work there are so friendly.  but I must say they were both very good at Los Alomos.  I would love to try the breakfast burrito next time  not too greasy. The enchilada sauce had a nice heat to it. Beans and rice were definitely better than the typical Mexican joint. Will be back with my husband to try some more dishes."  cheap prices....I have a new Mexican favorite." Don't be afraid of this place (I was) it is very delicious and the service is great. This is one of my absolute favorite places for steak burritos. Just give it a try the waiter/owner is a great host and guy. Excellent takeout and prices can't be beat. Really liked the Nachos. Los Alamos is CLOSED for good. "Found out about this restaurant on yelp on our drive back to California. This place is small and deceivingly good! The owner is very nice & friendly. The food was delicious and authentic. Homemade enchilada sauce and guacamole. The special for today  and homemade food. The chips and sals were fresh and delicious as a starter. My wife and I had the Carne Asada plate and the Carne Asada Chimichanga and both were very solid and tasty. I would recommend this great hole in the wall to anyone looking for good Mexican food for a great value. All of the above for less than $20 out the door. Buen Provecho Amigos!!!" "My wife and I discovered this great little Mexican restaurant after scouting Yelp reviews in our neighborhood.  Yelp raters had it scored at about 4.5-stars; and we agree.  It feels like a take-out joint when you first walk-in "The food is authentic and the owner is a very nice guy. I had the breakfast burrito with chorizo  but they were amazing!  I can't wait to go back and try everything thing else on the menu cause everything looked great!  The owner was really nice Fantastic Mexican. Everything is made fresh and the owner is a great host. CFfiT7B6PaSKD81VD0iK3A  the owner who works the front is helpful and very nice. We will be going back to try the chile relleno and enchiladas. Check out the specials when you go in because they change I wish the best for their family and hope they get back to making delicious food soon. I'll update this review once they open back up. This is informational only."  phone not in service."  yet overall favorable reviews. While it must be stated that this isn't going to satisfy the Mexican food connoisseur We used to live in south Scottsdale & frequented ""the"" Julio G's down there and the Julio's Too for takeout I gave them 2 stars instead of one because they did comp our entire bill. I felt somewhat bad for the waiter so I left him a big tip and got out of there  it was the decision of someone else. I'm not going back."  one of those and I can't remember what the food tastes like.  All I know is the leftovers are pretty damn good for the next day's breakfast."  which is good because then you don't have time to eat too many chips.  The have changed ownership in the last year or so and with that came some improvements.  I'm not sure where they are purchasing their meats but it has definitely improved.  The chicken especially.  I love the combo platter in the middle of the menu.  You can pick and choose and try out different items all served with rice and beans.  The green chile tamale is a favorite as are the fajitas and the Tijuana tacos!  The leftovers actually taste good too." The Pollo Magnifico never lets me down each time it is delicious and melts in my mouth!" Get the beef fajitas and request the macho sauce. "Burritooooooo lunch special!!!!! awesome Still I might try a mexican meal one day because it smells so good!" "I went here yesterday and it was alright. I went at lunch time and got the chicken fajitas. They were so big! I barely made a dent in the plate. The fajitas tasted good and had all of the toppings with them (rice Works well for people in that area....." Good fresh food. Reasonable price. Food comes out quickly. Service is normal good but not WOW of course it takes a lot to WOW me! Looks like it can get quite crowded!  Love the rice! :-)  $12 bucks for some marginal Mexican Food? I realize prices have gone up on food and produce.  I am sort of expecting to see some price increases across the board at some of my favorite spots.  But this was what I consider to be way out of line with the quality of food  and very satisfied for about $70." Never again.  You'll be more satsified at Filibertos." Two words : Pollo Diablo!  AYE YAH YAH YAH YAH! :D  and the servers are always friendly and accomodating. I also enjoy that they recently added more seafood dishes to their menu. Chicken spinach enchiladas and nachos are among my favorites. Glad to have this restaurant in my neighborhood!"  but if my friends chose to eat there again  one of the lunch specials. While the food is decent I wouldn't say it is fantastic. There are just so many really really good Mexican restaurants in the area. I thought the salsa that came with the chips tasted like jar salsa from the grocery store. Julio G's just didn't ""wow"" me but the food was decent and the lunch prices were pretty reasonable." I cant wait until I'm back in Phoenix because I'm heading straight here!!!" "Best green chili pork in Arizona. Tender  for the same reasons.  Those reasons are many now. I stopped back in after being away from Julio G's Take out.  Had 2 beef tacos and rice....  The rice is very plain and has gotten more gringo over the years  which equals bland.  The taco's had a nice shredded beef filling and was better than 2 years ago.  But the salsa bar has been reduced to salsa given out on plastic topped cups.  Bad news is you have to ask for more all the time if you like the sauce  ""hold on and I'll go check on it"" not to go off on us for a reasonable question.  Our jaws dropped.  He was so nasty and borderline unstable. He invited us to never come back After getting home last night when I found that the order had the chillis I asked them to correct it.  The cashier was accomadating but the owner was very rude to my wife and I and lied to ou faces saying that is what they always do.  I informed him of how often we come to his business and he still did not show any concern for us. I WILL NOT BE RETURNING their and they lost a customer for life." I have been going to this place for years and I can honestly say it has been going downhill for the past few years. The food quality has slid from good to just down right bad (Taco Bell Quality) The last time I was there the service was just just awful. I am so disappointed I use to love this place now I can't wait for another Mexican food restaurant to open so I don't have to go all the way over to Valley Luna on Cave Creek Rd for good Mexican food. Big fan of their salsa.  The Pollo Diablito is my favorite here. Thought my carnitas was on the dry side but the chips/salsa were delish and my strawberry marg was freaking strong.  It was really difficult to Christmas shop afterwards.  food is delicious and service has always been good to us.  I highly recommend this place."  I would much rather  eat Mexican food in a dirty hole in the wall in San Jose than to come back here." It's been a couple years since we've eaten here and I'm not sure why it's been so long.  Everything here has always been wonderfull.  I'll do everything I can to make sure it doesn't take years to come back I would go back only if my friends who brought me here wanted to go again."  family friendly and enjoy the satellite radio. Everyone who works here has a great rapport with customers and respect each other as well. Hard to find in restaurants these days. Our servers have always been attentive and pleasant to deal with in every aspect. Rod the night manager is very personable and  friendly. Those who gave it an A-Ok rating should try again." Love this place!!! The service is great and the food is delicious!! I have yet to try something I do not like. needed a mexican food fix . i had a chicken enchilada that filled the bill..  salsa had a good flavor. I mixed the 2 served. Finished off with fried ice cream and was delicious. Cute atmosphere & front window opens to patio to enjoy Arizona's nice fall weather.  Prices are reasonable as well. The only reason I didn't rate a 5 was due to my chimichanga not being as crispy as I am use to. Still very good." oqZPXoenkQvAKQJ2pDCo0A  having been pleasantly served (if a little slow at the start given the very few late diners "Understaffed is never a good thing for a restaurant. Empty dirty tables and a 20 minute wait. So we asked to sit in the bar area while we waited. No service. No bartender to even get a beer while u wait! Still  food was good! Salsa is too sweet and the fried ice cream wasn't freshly fried. Some minor changes would make this a great little place!!" This is all I ordered and could not eat anything else for hours."  salsa had a good flavor. I mixed the 2 served. Casual atmosphere & front window opens to patio to enjoy weather.  Prices are reasonable.  I can recommend as an ok casual dining experience.  You get what you pay for."  the portions are huge! I've never been able to finish my entree but maybe it's because I go through two baskets of chips." Never had a bad experience at any otheir locations" "My two kids and I ate at the Julio G's quick counter service area for lunch today. We had the sampler platter which was really good and more than enough to feed all three of us. Chips and salsa were great  it would be the chips and salsa that's brought out before your meal. They aren't anything to brag about Great service! Great food! Delicious salsa! Came here with my family and three kids- they loved the fajitas. Very clean and friendly staff also.  and the service has always been above average!  I highly recommend the cactus margarita! I always end up taking home half my dinner because the portions are big and we eat way too many chips and salsa before the food comes!"  some of the best Mexican food in the area. Although... I ordered the borracho shrimp and was a little disappointed (shrimp ratio to price: 7 : $15.) but the mucho chimis and more was awesome!!! Worth the price and more than we could finish! Best corn tamale I've had!  Recommend it if you want good Mexican and a casual atmosphere" The restuarant stays busy with customers and I have never had to wait for a table.  I always enjoy my servers.  They always polite and informative.  Keep up the great work!" The ONLY downfall is not having an Italian dressing that's not creamy. No one likes creamy dressing. Please get a true vinaigrette  on your menu. I loved your taco salad but didn't have a good dressing to put on it. I promise to add this to my roatation if you do." "The chips and salsa are fantastic...that's what keeps bringing us back.  This is my one year olds favorite restaurant as she loves the salsa.  The food is pretty good...I have to admit it's not the best Mexican food I've ever had We love Julio G's and will keep coming... All the time lol. Definitely recommend!"  simply because of the freshness of the food and the care they take in making the food.  Also Mini chimis are a YES. Staff is sooo nice. Drinks are super reasonable and they always ask if you need anything at all. Ask for extra sauce or a refill and it's done before you ask. Love JG's!!!!!! Food was just okay. Restaurant was empty but waiter never bothered to check on us or ask how our meals were. Adios Julio G  etc.  Keep the same recipe but have them made larger.  We noticed that too many of them are broken so that by the time you get 1/2 way through the bowl all you have is fragments.  Larger chips would eliminate this problem.  2.  Your hot water in the men's room is too hot!  You are wasting energy and paying for it   delicious food and awesome service.  Our server Melissa was super nice and on top of it and prices were good.  I definitely recommend this place."  they serve both a hot and mild salsa. I've had several items on the menu and all are tasty for your standard Mexican American fare. Great margs too! Service is usually very good "Service was great tonight.  First time eating in the bar area - as the main dinning room was full of young families.  It had been some time since my past visits which I usually got tacos or enchiladas.  The time between my visits was simply because for me the food was too bland.  I wanted to give it a try again with a recommendation from the server.  I got the green chili tamale... unfortunately very bland as well.  Not sure how it's possible to remove flavor from a tamale but they do it somehow.  I like the place ok The food was ok. Flautas were unevenly cooked. Warm on the middle and burnt on the ends.  Good margaritas. Won't come here again for food. There are better Mexican places. "Julio G's has the BEST Pollo Fundido in the city of Phoenix! !  (Only they call it Pollo Magnifico) they catered my son's wedding and everyone agreed!  Love that they use high quality ingredients  I won't go back as the food was overall not good and there are too many other great Mexican places to go to." Honestly...   Food was not great.   I had better at Taco Bell.   Chips were pretty good...  Salsa horrible.   Customer service was descent although our waiter got mine and my friend's orders wrong. "Amazing food and outstanding service!!  They have delicious house margaritas that are like $4 on happy hour. Good salsa "Julio G's is a great place to go after shopping at PV Mall or with relatives. It is similar to chain restaurants They have great prices on margarita pitchers and such yummy food. Quick service too! Try their mini Chili's and the pollo magnifeco! The worst Mexican ever felt the quality was better at Taco Bell. This is not Mexican. My food was cold and bad tasting.  their salsa was very watery...didn't even sit on the chips....just the cilantro stayed on the chips after each dip. Sorry to say  place is exceptionally loud and rundown.  Don't ever order the beef fajitas here!  What a joke!  No flavor and no one uses cheap flavorless round steak for fajitas.  Takes lessons from Fajitas out on I-17 Great green chili chicken enchiladas & beef tacos!!  Great take out too!" On this last visit my wife had the veggie fajitas and the had the bad lighting enchiladas.   Food was very tasty.   Service great."  they make up for it with some other great options for lunch. The #9 is my go to though.." The service is excellent but the food is no where near authentic Mexican food.  We would never go back! oqZPXoenkQvAKQJ2pDCo0A  tasteless food. Too expensive for the quality. Portions are too big for one person even if the food were decent (which it's not)." He even came out to the patio and took our dirty plates to the trash for us when we were finished. He asked if we needed drinks or salsa before he closed them down. Superior service! He's going to go places in life." "Yummy Mexican food! I've been going here for years and I love almost everything on the menu. Bill and Casey are great to have when dinning in  the chips and salsa remained full and he was always there with a smile and questioning if there was anything we needed.  The food was even better than I remembered and I can forsee my wife asking to go back soon just by how much she enjoyed her meal.  It is very reasonably priced and you never leave hungry!  Our friends hadn't been here in quite awhile either and they commented as we were leaving...""why don't we ever think of coming here ourselves?""  (I think they will be back soon as well ;) )" "This used to be a favorite of mine but now? Greasy food  add that etc.)...I always order the chipotle ranch chicken salad (minus chicken and cheese w/ dressing on the side)..they always take my order without batting an eyelash and ALWAYS get it right..my salad is always crisp and fresh and we probably take out from Rubios 3 times a month..." "Love my chicken balsamic vegetable salad @ Rubio's. Load it up with extra veggies (onions and cilantro $1.50 fish tacos on Tuesday that taste like good quality fish.  A couple cold Coronas and it don't get much better for the price.  I'm definitely a fan. "I got the Blackened One Burrito and was pleasantly surprised. I would give them 5 stars but I waited 11 minutes for my food. (Yes I time people) I could tell they sent all their cooks home but one  Rubio's rocks.  I can go to almost any of them and they are very graceful and accommodating to my diet needs.  This one is on the way to my kids old school  and we were looking for someplace to bridge the gap between fast food and real Mexican food.  Rubios. was a nice quick fix.  We split a two taco plate and thought the ingredients were reasonably fresh. (way better than that Taco Bell place) and the service at this location was VERY friendly and helpful.  We thought the serving of beans was pretty minimal  avocado on top along with chips and lots of tasty flavors!! The chicken tacos are by far the best tacos.... well I guess that not fair to say because I have never tried any other taco because the chicken tacos are that good!!!!  If you like fresh inexpensive mexican style food then you will absolutly love Rubios!!!!" "Cool spot.  Was craving something after a day of shopping and I saw that this was close by.  I wish I was still a pescatarian because they have so many dishes with fish or seafood!  I ordered the Grilled Gourmet Portobello & Poblano (no bacon) Tacos with Rice & Beans to go.  I loved that the tacos had lots of pieces of avocado in them (Caribbean girl alert!)  The food had a nice flavor  so we know it's a chain and have seen plenty of locations everywhere. I'm giving a full 4 stars for this location because of the manager on duty the day I visited. The employees were all kept busy and the orderliness of the place showed that. I was hesitant to try the fish tacos because I'm just getting into fish (kinda) and usually chicken-out I don't see the big deal about this place! Food it ok. A little over price for what you get!  I would definitely order it again. I would give these tacos a 4/5 in terms of ""quick"" Mexican! We also got the Atlantic salmon tacos. Not good. Very fishy and very little meat. The chips and black beans were good Give Rubio's a chance- they might surprise you."  and they were slammed. I was so elated when they swung by and gave my boyfriend and I a total of 4 free meal coupons out of a thank you. A little patience goes a long way  the flavorful salsas and the delicious veggie burritos. i recommend to my friends often."  on time with rave reviews from office staff and doctors who attend. Todd bends over backwards to make sure everything is perfect and you can contact him in the middle of the night and he'll do his best to make it happen. Well maybe not the middle of the night but I've texted him at 8:30 at night and he's been supremely helpful!" "I love Rubio's Original Fish Tacos.... I don't think you can beat them... the fish was very fresh in it (not fishy tasting).  Tried the Sangria and corn roasted guacamole for the first time and will have them again!!  For fast food fish tacos iOITnizWLD3NlKxRtZd5AA I always come to Rubio's for Taco Tuesday. The service is always friendly with a smile and super polite! The restaurant is always kept clean and the salsa bar stocked. Keep it up you guys rock! The fish tacos are delicious. They have good unsweetened mango tea. The manager and employees are super friendly. "We had family in town and I didn't want to cook. I get tired of pizza or subs for larger groups (10 of us) and wanted something fairly healthy. I thought of Rubio's and wasn't disappointed! Everything was ready on time Been going to Rubios since they first appeared in the valley! This location is especially consistent in quality food and service.  Love the fish tacos and their selection has really grown!  Yummy.  it's not exactly a sit down restaurant but it's also not fast food. However The Sandbar at desert ridge is more or a sit down type of place and they have a great bar! Highly recommend if you like ""Mexican grill"" type of food." Never eat here. They got my order wrong and put some spicy sauce on my taco that made me throw up.  kind of on the expensive side considering it's a "" fast causal"" type place."  but everyone else is great.  Especially Daniel.  He's awesome.  The food is good but the place is often dirty." I absolutely love Rubios but this location is having some serious issues. The staff isn't very pleasant or efficient at all. Dining in is a mistake because that place is not clean. It is hard to enjoy the food when everywhere you look needs a clean up. I wish management would notice the issues and make the necessary changes. The prices are not cheap so it would be nice to have some more quality in the experience.  give this place a try. Don't let the Commercialized Type Presence scare you away 30 minutes to make 4 fish tacos and they screwed up the order.  Never again. Keep in mind this is a quick service Mexican restaurant (order at the counter and seat yourself)  I was also disappointed when Rubio's stopped carrying carnita's. They have two strikes against them in my book." "Those who place an order for ""Dine In"" should always been given a number. Always. Having to stand for a long period of time when you came to relax and enjoy yourself is not a good thing. The table was also dirty. If you're looking for a good Rubios I was told the order would take 5 minutes to be set up.... I returned after 15 minutes and my food was ready to go but not bagged. There were no other customers in the restaurant. I could not believe the lack of professionalism by a manager. There are simply too many places to choose from and mistreating customers is unacceptable."  but our friends took 10 minutes after ours and all she got was nachos! Then the lady brought it out and said sorry it took so long we ran out of beans. My friend asked specifically not for beans. The kitchen staff was screaming and laughing in the background while customers were waiting for their orders. All in all "Just so everyone that eats here knows... I went to the location near the mall and I literally saw one of the workers there use his two figures to pick his nose and seriously EAT IT. Are you kidding me??? Later I found out that this employee was a manager named Daniel. I can't believe they have someone working there that would pick his nose The staff has always been friendly and accommodating no matter which location I go too. My dad raves about the shrimp burrito  their plates are now like a sit down restaurant. Sturdy plates and with a well set up" iOITnizWLD3NlKxRtZd5AA AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE.  I came to this location at the end of the day to meet a friend for a quick bite.  I love rubios fish tacos but these had an awkward taste of funky grease.  I notified the gal behind the counter -  they were more than happy to replace the item with some chicken tacos with out question.  I'm usually not one to send food back - but when I might get sick I'll comment .  Thanks guys for making a possible bad experience an amazing one. Love the food and the cleanest one!! My husband and I have been to the north Scottsdale one and the one on 101 and both have dirty floors. Look at the corners. They're clean at the Bell and Tatum location. I've been going to Rubio's for quite a while and I always like the food.   I must say the Rubio's at Tatum and bell has given me  incredible service the managers are awesome especially Daniel. Marcel gave us great service too!!_  they are filthy and black. I hate touching public door handles anyway "I just placed a to go order.  The people here are very friendly! The food is delicious.  My steak tacos didn't come with salsa and I wish I would have known that :(  but my fault for not asking.  It's delicious even without it!! Great food  so we picked up a couple Cabo Plates and a Coastal Trio to go.   She was very careful to double check that each item in our order actually made it into our to-go bags before we left the restaurant (an important detail which other places often forget).  Now back in the car and on our way "Always a fan... Taco Tuesday ($1.50 original tacos) is the time to go... after one pm i believe.. Salsa bar... have always got the same simple basic fish taco.. I think they have beer  and one taco was so soaked in sauce that the tortilla fell apart as it was soaked to the max. Last three times I have been there it has been this way.  Restaurant is usually pretty busy and the condiment bar is usually a mess from all the people using it.  Not appealing." It's been years since I have eaten at rubios and I was pleased with my return. Service was great. $1.50 tacos on Tuesday and omg the tacos git better!! There is a very large color menu to help us gringos order with a wide range of choices!  Ala carte or plates..."  the fried steak was too thin and tasted old...it was edible...so Tortas are not their strong point."  it was because we are gringas. Gravel doesnt just ""accidentally"" get into chicken. Nor does a toothpick get fried into a taquito. I havent returned. I will always miss their gorditas." This little taco shack has all the elements of a cheap Mexican delight. Variety  the food is amazing fresh. I'm not 100% sure but the gorditas and tortillas are home made. I'm going to keep this review short. Go get the cabeza and lingua gorditas Been going here for years. Always get the same thing for my husband when kids and I have eaten already. I bring him the mojarra frita and it's always been consistently delicious. People are friendly too.  the food has always been good. Usually hit this place with my cousin for breakfast.  About two weeks ago I had their tripitas burrrito.  I crave that sucker now.  I think I dreamt about it the other night.The tripas are loaded with diced and perfectly crisped tripas( mouth is watering...) If you go  El Tio....same diff...and good at any location. They'll tell you they're different and that there is some type of territorial feud going on between the two locally-operated chains. But The best Mexican food I have had in phoenix! I have had two friends that were born and raised in Mexico go there to test the place out and they both gave two thumbs up. The food reminded them of there grandma so it had to be delicious. Re-fried beans are amazing and so is the horchata. The place is small but the food keeps me going back for more." If you are a gringo like me you might get some attitude but be nice and nice things happen. Norma is the short lady working behind the counter I don't think they like white people....the whole menu is in Spanish! I can read and speak Spanish...so it's no problem for me. I think if they really wanted Americans in their restaurant.... they would translate the menu. I give it 3 stars because they are nice to me and the food is AWESOME! I take away the other two because they were not so nice to my husband :(" i got only half an order of carne asada fries -_-  we happened upon this place's relatively good reviews and decided to give it a shot. i ordered the chile relleno plate and my date ordered a chicken quesadilla. apparently the chicken quesadilla wasn't bad. but of my two chile rellenos Staff was very friendly." Love the food!!! Reminds me of a hole in wall taqueria in California with authentic mexican food Excellent juicy (not greasy) carne asada tacos. You know it's the real deal when it has only cilantro and onion! The salsas are also excellent  I was not greeted and getting looks from both the workers and their customers as I am not of Mexican descent. But in the end 4zBdx_EZFaDFJ9MvqxYNeg  but not going back and wasting my money on a restaurant that is rude and with only a handful of people in the restaurant they mess up orders. No thank you The best Mexican food I found for a great price with a fantastic selection. It looks a little run down but don't let that deceive you. I am definitely a repeat customer.  if your looking for tex mex this isn't it.  You can feel and tell the place is authentic if the majority of the customers are from the country the restaurant claims to serve food from!  Everything is fresh and the food is prepared by a couple of ""Real Senoras"" in the back; that posses the real Sazon of Real Mexican Food!.  Highly recommend the sopes and Enchiladas in Salsa Roja sauce!!!  Also the Menudo is Excellent  which is fine if that is the time they close. We get to the location at 10:15ish (give or take) Lets just give them the benefit of a doubt and say 10:45 PM. The cashier stated that we can only order take out and that her credit card machine was not working. I know for a fact that means she closed up shop early and is only excepting cash only. this is every inconvenient. So at this point  but with a much more complete menu. Service is not ultra fast We LOVE Gorditos El Tio so much we treat our employees to it regularly. Awesome fish tacos and authentic street food :)  and cheese! It had the perfect flavor and they felt home cooked! My husband also enjoyed his sopes and said they tasted really good. I will definitely be back since they have such a huge menu of items to pick from!" We use to love this place! I wish I could reach out to the owner! We loved this place they were none greasy and not your Filibertos and Los betos. We stopped going because the quality went down. I swear they hired the cooks from the named above locations. Our carneasda burritos leak oil now it's drenched in oil and the Navhos are a joke now. a sprinkle of cheese and meat. We had family from Mexico visit and the first stop for them was this place for the burritos---like always! it's disgusting now. Super sad that this place had quality and set themselves apart from the other places. We have stopped going. I will try again this week but will post pictures of its greasy again. it's been consistent up until a few months ago. Someone please tell the owner !! Bring back your amazing food! Nothing fancy here but priced right and very delish. The menu was quite extensive with pictures for those of us that don't know a whole lot of Spanish.  Definitely would recommend.  but who cares when their gorditas and burritos are as good as they are." Food is not the best. Salsa is watered down. They barely put any guac or sour cream on the food. No Bueno. I stopped by after 12:00 today and the place was empty .. Ordered the giant Jamaica and the chile verde (pork) combo with corn tortillas.. the pork was good but was swimming in way too much chile verde.. Rice and beans were your standard sides.. The corn tortillas though were like store bought steamed or warmed in a microwave .. No good because they get hard before you're half way done with your food."  but expect it to be far superior to its competitors." P.S. - Don't expect fast service. Do expect a line." 1cGZU2gDewDfEu-bBMZEgQ  but that's not what they are about. Expect really good really reliable old school Mexican food." My Friends seemed content with their burritos however there was an extreme shortage of hot sauce We were excited to find this 24-hour place because there are not a ton of options in our neighborhood. I had a burrito and thought it was really good- they were generous with the avocado. Great place to go after Whiskey River.  you know? We figured that we may have to try other items to see if their specialty lies elsewhere but I can assure you that when we do it will be because the place is conveniently located and readily available at one in the morning." This place is terrible. The meat tasted like asshole.  it is hard to screw up an egg and potato burrito. It seems like this food would taste much better while drunk or hungover." This joint is not in my neck of the woods and I just happened to be driving by.  I wouldn't go out of my way to return but if I find myself in the area with a taste for Mexican I wouldn't hesitate to stop by."  most of the food is good all the time. Personally I stick with their breakfast burritos and have never had an issue with it not being hot or cooked right."  and cheese burritos and they're served all day!" Had an awesome breakfast burrito this morning. A lot for your money. Better than the Filibertos across the street & cheaper. Love their Cali burrito! 1cGZU2gDewDfEu-bBMZEgQ I love this place. Everything I have ever had here is yummy! Not once has my order been wrong. Plus the $5 for 5 tacos is great! Food poisoning is awful." "Long story short I have eaten here twice a day for close to a week and have not died. If I could have a I.V. of their horchata going straight into me I would. They my best friends  quick mexican food.  Don't come here if you're looking for high quality.  Look at the prices & the environment & you got what you came in for." authentic fast food mexican like the ppl don't even understand english that work here and I had to pull around to the window to give my order. i highly recommend the carne asade fries it so huge-like at least 2 meals worth for $10 and so delicious with all the fixings you can think of-worth the 2000 calories. Transplant from California to Michigan but here visiting family...needed an authentic breakfast burrito and am now feeling so happy. Yum and yum! "This is one of our guilty pleasures...love this place.  Like it much better than all the ****bertos places.   Always friendly and good grub.  Make sure you get extra hot sauce and green sauce.  Carne Burro "We absolutely love Los Betos!  We have always been treated well and the food is always hot and fresh!  We have breakfast from here at least once a week and it's also our late night snack place!  The breakfast burritos are big enough for 2 people  the Came Asada is always grilled perfectly and the chicken is stewed in a tomato based sauce. The Enchilada plate is pretty amazing as well and you can't beat the convenience of the drive through." Good old fashioned authentic Mexican food. The Carne Asade burrito is delicious and the portions are very generous. I always feel full from one burrito. workers cheerful busybees" Wow!!!  This place is a hidden gem.  I actually ate the Spanish rice that came w the combo. Everything was served fresh and hot.  Has a home made feel to it.  Great Mexican fast food. Made us sick the past two times we went. It is sad because they used to be better than most Mexican places." "Looooove this place! The breakfast burritos are always delicious  I came back about a month later and they didn't remember at first. Then she clearly recognized me and then started to act like she couldn't speak ANY English all of a sudden!  My friend and I knew that she recognized me and told her  lots of seafood.wish there were more grilled/roasted food.............cuz they got way too much FRIED food and as every one knows FRIED food aint healthy."  dining experience.  That expectation would most likely disappoint you  but certainly reasonable for the quality and quantity you are offered.  Four stars for this restaurant  avacados and orange slices.  The ""cherry on top"" of this dish are the 2 large bacon wrapped peppers stuffed with a cream cheese and shrimp known as ""Toritos"" which are also available on the menu as an appetizer on it's own.  Oh did I mention there's also a full bar!  If you're not a fan of loud jukebox playing ""ba bam bam ba bam bam"" ranchero music consider ordering your food to go I love this place! The ambiance of blaring music and Mexican soap operas on tv is awesome. The food was shockingly fresh for being in the middle of Arizona.  Couldn't be more authentic even if you were in Mazatlan. I had seafood served in a hollowed out young coconut. Not only delicious but the presentation was beautiful. It could have come out of one of Jean-George's kitchens in NYC. No Joke. That was the last thing I was expecting when I pulled up to this kinda run down little strip mall. Go. Enjoy. Oh my god...why have I driven by this place so many times w/o stopping? My friend brought me here and I let her order. One of the best meals I've had in a long time. Unbelievably tasty. Can't wait to go back. "Delicious Cerviche! I've lived down the road from this place almost 5 months and finally stopped tonight. I did take out just for me. I'm originally from New England and seafood is my favorite and obviously pretty sparse here in Arizona. I saw ""fresh seafood"" out front and hoped for some cerviche. It was indeed fresh! I got the shrimp and octopus mix. Also got an order of guacamole which was very good too! I will be returning." Update...3/11/15. I was in Mesa and tried their other location a week earlier. Marlin tacos were great but Mesa is too far for me. A week later I had to give the Phoenix location another chance. I was glad to see the people in the kitchen were wearing gloves now This is a real winner and the only reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 was the outside appearance.  But the food is definitely a 5." This is my only 1 star rating since using Yelp. We waited 20 mins to be seated that was no big deal. After we were seated we noticed that 3 families that came in after us were seated and had drinks and chips at their tables We had not even been greeted. Waitresses avoided our table handed out checks refilled glasses to other customers. I have never felt so disrespected.  OK food. Mexican rice is from a box; waitress didn't even smile; restaurant is dirty; menus are falling apart; complimentary chips & ""salsa"" is the shrimp cocktail stuff (not salsa). Order was wrong ""No pico"" was interpreted as ""let's jam pack this burrito with pico."" *Oysters are good though. This place has gone downhill my friends." The food here is great.  I love mexican seafood and this place does it great.  You will not be disappointed with your food.  Parking sucks here and be prepared for a wait to sit.  But don't let that or the decor scare you off.  Get a shrimp cocktal to start and you will feel much better about everything. "This place is awasome I eat ceviche el patron and yes they take a wile why cus is real Mexican Sinaloa style food take a wile in the mean time order some beer and wait for the greatest food the lady about the rice that's how it is get see food don't ask for a hamburger if you like Mexican American food with all the "" Mexican chesse shit"" this is not your place sea food fresh  and soo good if your allergic to guacamole don't go there cus all or food got guacamole aguacate camarones culichi are the best !!!"  but it was not there and saw Sinaloa and decided to give it a try.  We were both pleasantly surprised at how good everything was.  Probably the best carne asada I have had in quite a while.  The tacos were great *****NO FIREARMS ALLOWED*****"  shuffled around the dining room for awhile looking for a booth to sit in not covered in crumbs. A lady working in the dining room called for a waitress to come out to me. She brought chips and salsa and was nice enough. I asked for a water which came out shortly. I ordered a beer and said I needed another minute with the menu. I guess there was my mistake. At least 10 minutes later my beer and server had never materialized again.  There were only 2 other people in the restaurant. I left a dollar for the chips and salsa i ate while waiting for my waitress to return and walked out. I passed a couple employees behind the counter talking happily. Shame  garlic shrimp was chewy or rubbery bacon was salty but atmosphere was nice. Change the channel. Watching Drug banditos get taken down by the police doesn't exactly go with my dinner!" This could not be because of a one time bad night .I won't return." Civiche that tastes like canned tomato juice and over cooked shrimp do not belong in a Mexican seafood restaurant. Not recommended.  tasty and probably made there. I had the smoked Marlin tacos and my husband had the carne asada tacos both large portions and very good. The Margaritas could have used a little more tequila but not bad. Decent service Worst place for mariscos. Food wasn't  good at all; extremely bland and Service was terrible. We stood there for a good 3-5 minutes before anyone acknowledged us. The waitresses passed us by and just looked at us without saying a thing while we stood there waiting to be seated. We asked for drinks along with glasses of water and when the bill was given to us we discovered we were charged $3 for the water. This place always looks busy and I don't understand why. Phoenix needs more GOOD mariscos restaurants! Luv the personal service and the food is amazing." 