- I love how close the Burton Barr library is. Spent almost every day after school there. I knew people who worked there & am still friends with them." This school is really a dream.  It's an educational opportunity I would recommend to any parent.  I think my son would write a similiar recommendation!" "Attended this school from 6th grade through senior year. I credit every success I have in the professional world to what I learned here. Presentation skills An Arizona elite institution.  High academic and artistic standards. Quite challenging for students. Teachers are unusually highly communicative. This is my daughter's 2nd year at ASA.  I appreciate the emails teachers send me regarding my daughter's progress or places that needs my attention.  I especially appreciate the lecture videos teacher created and the free tutoring time at lunch.  I am thankful my daughter study at ASA.  but just make sure you really know what you're getting into at each school." Oh and by the way...  ARS 15-507 makes it illegal to raise your voice to a school employee even if they lose your kid.  So if PVUSD loses your child be sure to say ""pretty please with sugar on top"" and ""mother may I.""  Apparently there is no provision for the employee being a complete and total Cluster F."  they have not followed the policies that they have set forth to protect our children.  We want other parents to know that this issue is being swept under the rug and that the Paradise Valley School District does not follow the policies that they have set in place in order to maintain conduct within the school.  We are demanding that this aggressive student be relocated to another school that is better equipped to monitor his behavior."  humanitarians with a vision and plan. Give PVUSD a shot if you move to the area. The principal at Pinnacle High School in North Phoenix NAeNoYysFWCSTonevDU7JQ I graduated from sca in 99 & now my children attend the school.  I absolutely love the elementary staff.  What a joy to watch my children learning the bible and applying it to real life.  I don't have to worry about what world view the teacher is trying to teach my kids. This is a great school.  I will defend the integrity of the school because it has been such an amazing experience for our children.  LOVE it -" KkRK8hZWOBj1ZZkC00cMhg  I feel that this school does NOT prepare the kids for high school or college correctly. It was a big mistake to send my kid there. Save your money and send them to public school. If your worried about Christian values then teach them at home. That's what parents are there for. It's not the schools responsibility to teach these values." Fantastic school with excellent education standards and a great Administration that's responsive to  parents. "Wonderful caring community of teachers and administrators. My daughter is learning above her grade level and is making true and life long friends. We have been pleased with the ability for my daughter to get extra help if needed or to advance as needed. Small class sizes make for individual attention  etc so the school has tried but many of these kids are already spread thin after school.  We have been there for several years and I know from reviewing the national testing that my kids do every year that all 3 kids are at or way above grade level (even my child that struggles.) Your child will be pushed but PVCC believes in their students and they will provide the means to build confidence in the kids and to help them be successful and to grow in their abilities so the kids can stand on their own to be successful in later academic endeavors." I went to this school in the 80's and now my kids go there. Our family are huge fans of Mrs Temple and our teachers have been awesome! Best Christian school in Phx!  helped him with her strict but encouraging way that brought him up to speed and beyond by the second half of the year. She never made him feel badly for being behind 