 but well worth a trip!"  i had the eggplant which was awfully bland even with a nice tomato sauce.  no beer with lunch though (bogus!)"  I haven't had anything here that wasn't great! Christos remembers us everytime we walk in the door.  We have our own special table right by the kitchen and talk with him while we eat. The baclava and the Jackie O cake are to die for.  Don't pass up the grape leaves and the homemade wine. We always buy extra food to take home."  there were bugs all over the outside patio as well (probably from the standing water with plastic flowers in them).  I ordered a hummus and pita (which they made me think was free but charged me for) a glass of wine PxP19Rb88OQKiSMl2oWNsg  you find a nice Indian cuisine. Five steps ahead The food is great and the atmosphere is very relaxed. Like the Moussaka and the Greek salad with gyro meat (or grilled lamb Even homemade wine and honey soaked cake won't bring me back again."  lamb in phylo dough with a great sauce.  Can't leave withotu tasting the Jackie O desert." This place looked hopeful for authentic Mediterranean but the food just didn't live up to any expecation. Do yourself a favor and go next door to Cafe Milano. Light Up Night.  Food has good flavor but doesn't look so hot.  If I hear about the Jackie O desert one more time I'm gonna barf.  we had no problems splitting the check multiple ways when it came time to leave." This is a nice down home place and at any time other than the pre-theater rush  very moist with a sort of whipped topping which makes it a very light dessert.  I find that most desserts are too heavy or sweet and so this cake is one of my favorite desserts.  And at $3 slice  you should take them to this restaurant." That's all I have to say -- don't enjoy feeling hustled -- not sure if we will continue to dine there when there is a place right across the street with less charm but yummy food."  but come on now chicken chillen on the counter is a no go in anyone's kitchen." I would much rather go across the street at a place with no pretensions (counter service) and pay for honest food that I can see being prepared."  but do come if you like tradtional Greek food. Some complain about slow service but I think it's just cultural--we tend to be too much in a hurry.  But if you're heading to an event I am shocked to find such an amazing restaurant in a town like Pittsbrugh and even more shocked to read a few of the *less than 5 star reviews* of Christos here on Yelp. I believe a restaurant like this is far above & beyond Pitts peeps." Don't bother with this place!" "I crave the Jackie O cake They also have this amazing soup that seems to have magical powers when it comes to curing a cold. Fabulous!"  but rounding up for the reasons mentioned."  but it lost points on the main entree and the price (which I thought would be reasonable but topped out at $25 a person with tip!). Christos' saving grace is its ambience and staff. Check it out if you have the time." The waiter tried to get us to order way more than we wanted....strange stopped after Heinz hall show on Saturday. A very pleasing experience from soup through dessert. "This is the first time in a long while (10 yrs?) and now I remember why. The food is fair at best for the main meal. The salad is good but small. The hummus is a little bland. The best parts were the ""homemade"" wine "Excellent everything! Classic family-run Greek restaurant. Home made everything  the dolmades were the worst thing ever eaten in my life and they charged us 4.00 to split it which we didn't even ask for in the first place. The only pleasant thing about this place was the cook who ended up serving us our food after our waiter went out for what seemed like a drug deal. Over all If you are in the cultural district and enjoy greek comfort food This is a come-as-you-are-and-I'll-sell-you-good-food kinda spot.  And that's what we did.  And that's what they did.  Sometimes it's just that simple." It tasted WORSE than it looked (if that was possible). Tough cheese mostly tasteless and chewy. * I have had many saganaki in various countries. This ranked as one of the VERY worst! I made the best decision to leave before food poisoning set in. Bottom line:  HORRIFIC !!!" One small humorous note as other reviewers have pointed out:  Ask for directions to the restroom and you'll be ushered through the kitchen PxP19Rb88OQKiSMl2oWNsg I will not go again. Alihan's next door is amazing  stop a Christos for dinner. It's a small family-owned restaurant all the food is homemade and everything I've tried has been delicious. They also have a dessert called the Jackie O cake which is simply fantastic. I would highly recommend this restaurant box if you like Mediterranean food. The staff is friendly warm inviting as well." WARNING. DO NOT GO HERE." If the owners are reading this-- I'm sorry if my review came off harsh.. but really "I really enjoyed Christos! We went to Christos after a show at the Benedum Center and again before a baseball game. The setting is a very cute little greek place "Ordered take out from Christos.  I ordered a diet coke and it was in a cup.  THANK GOODNESS I took the lid off first.  There were HUNDREDS of large white particles in the diet coke that looked like paint chips  which is good if you want to go for a date or with your family. It is decorated with authentic old Greek photos which always make me feel at home (although I'm from Sicily!) The food is great every time I go there and SOO filling --I feel like I'm at home and my grandmother is stuffing me with food! I don't have to even mention the Jackie O as everyone is probably aware by now of how scrumdiddlyumptious it is! Will be in Pittsburgh soon so you'll know where to find me -- Christos!" "The food from Christos was solid.  I would order from them again  if not for the food for the authentic atmosphere! In my opinion it's hard to mess up Mediterranean food  stick to your ribs.  Hummus is garlicky and of the thinner variety - served with warm toasty pita.  We all got soup and Greek salads last couple of times we went  as the woman who worked there (I'm assuming one of the owners) was eager to pull us in from the sidewalk and entice us with her menu offerings.  This time no one was excited to have us as diners and they seemed to wish we weren't there.  Quite a difference in personalities and style.  They need the enthusiasm of the woman we had met before because there certainly were other Greek restaurants nearby with more patrons partaking of their fare." "This is my first time in Pittsburg. I asked the concierge for a recommendation for something casual that I could walk alone to at dusk safely and that wasn't a sandwich.  He recommended Christos.  I asked if they had falafel as this is one of my favorites since visiting Israel last year. He assured me they had great falafel. So I set off on a walk. When I arrived I noticed there was no falafel on the menu. But another of my favorites was - pastitsio. I took it to go along with the Jackie Onassis cake. The pastitsio isn't the best one I have had but it was good. It came with salad  I decided to stop in with my girlfriend before the Pirates game.   We shared some tzatziki with pitas and then ordered lamb kebabs (me) and leg of lamb (girlfriend).  Did I mention we love lamb?  Anyways  I can tell the owner cares and made a reasonable effort to accommodate me. That said I think this is a nice establishment in an excellent location  and authentic cooking. Ask Christos for his recommendations. We loved the Greek coffee  stupid stories about Jackie Onassis and her favorite dessert then this is the place for you. Absolutely terrible. I cannot say a single good thing about this place  leg of lamb with rice and vegetables (and of course Greek salad). Waiting for my meal the place looked a little run down but at the same time homely. There are pictures of family and their history all around. The server (who i think was the owner) and the Chef were two of the lovliest men i have met. I ordered my food to go as i had to get back to the hotel. The food was SO good i almost made myself ill trying to eat more. The most DELICIOUS hummos i have ever had. I also got talked into a dessert cake he called the ""Jaqui Onassis"" a Vanilla cake with fresh cream and cinnamon. Also lovely. Not a bad word to say about this place. Don't let looks deceive you!! This place is the real deal." The point to me pointing out all of the negatives first was that you can't ignore the obvious and pretend it doesn't exist.. truth is  but gave it a try and was very pleasantly surprised---the food fresh and good. The eggplant delicious and the price very reasonable---will go back!" Tasteless food. Too slow service. Was waiting for my check about 15 minutes. Dishes were as an ex-USSR buffet taste. Annoying waiter. I am glad I went. It was an interesting experience that I won't soon forget."  in phyllo dough.  Soooo. Good.   Kids got roasted lamb.   Lentil soup always a winner.  Greek lemon and chicken soup was so light and flavorful!!  If you haven't been there "This place was fantastic. I stayed at a nearby hotel while in town for business and ate at this place most nights. Delivery straight to my room  their employees stand outside with a menu pressuring people to come in. I'm not sure if this is working hard or just desperate. It could be that Christos is one of many Mediterranean restaurants on 6th Ave and they need to stand out somehow. My husband and I decided to give it a chance and the food was decent: flavorful "Food is always solid. The Jackie O cake is outstanding. Christos is like walking into your grandfather's living room. Yes  I decided to stop in with my girlfriend before the Pirates game.   We shared some tzatziki with pitas and then ordered lamb kebabs (me) and leg of lamb (girlfriend).  Did I mention we love lamb?  Anyways I really hope this is NOT how authentic Greek food tastes and that is NOT how Greeks do business!"  this place has been here since I was a teenager (perhaps even before) and has had the same menu that whole time. If you want authentic It's one of those small places that must get popular by word of mouth because I had never heard of it. Really wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was. It's small and crowded "Christo cooked on Jackie O's yacht and gave our table of six such personal attention. Extraordinary experience that you rarely find anymore. While his 101 year old father makes the wine Definitely a restaurant that is from the past.  Authentic Greek food.  I had the pastichio and it was one of the best I have ever had.  Great flavor and very creamy.  My wife had roasted leg of lamb which was very moist and a good flavor.  Christos came over and told us of his three years he was the chef on Jackie Onassis yacht.  It was like eating at home with family.  A little over sell of the food did raise up the check a bit but you can't blame them for asking.  but paying that much for so little was a huge disappointment especially after seeing very high marks for this place on citysearch."  and college-age groups enjoying hookah in the pillow clad booths of the tea area.  Some nights feature a belly dancer and middle eastern music.  It fits in well with the decorated interior that's covered in arches an paintings (some on animal skins).  Service has been great 2 3 visits  though drier than the overly syrupy version" The Food was very delicious and it was a nice and calm place with great hookahs Definitely a must try in Charlotte!"  but the hookah was overpriced. The decor was unusual and everything could have used a good cleaning and a coat of paint. I won't be back to Kabob House."  and then they pull some tables together and the entire staff sits down for dinner in the front of the restaurant. We waited another 20-25 minutes for our waitress to come back and ask if we were finished or wanted dessert. The answer was a resounding no." This place was garbage for hookah.  They didn't even change the water and there was ash inside the hose.  Definitely avoid like the plague if you want to keep your lungs free of fungus.  but I would recommend lowering prices. People in Charlotte expect more if you are charging them that amount.  Please don't have your waitress tell me what other people eat there when you have no customers."  but there are plenty of couches chairs in the back. The DJ was good given what he had to work with and he got people dancing. So all of that does not equal 3 stars. What does jump it up to 3 starts is the food. The kabobs were amazing melt in your mouth. They were out of chicken so we got steak and definitely good food. The hummus was good as well. Overall due to location I probably wouldn't come back unless someone really wanted to go And the box for the food is 5$."  it's worth a stop if you're in that part of town. :]"  across from the Madison East Shopping Center. Pretty easy to miss when driving.)"  though nothing fancy and I like it much stronger. Will try their falafel soon." The only thing I really wish this place would do is make fresh bread and rolls  hands down.  And reasonably priced too.  Good chicken sandwiches.  And their mediteranian entrees are delicious as well.  As for the donuts  and great (but sort of slow) service. This place is definitely worth checking out." The only thing I can think of against the place are the hours- I really wish they stayed open longer! I cant count how many times ive been returning from groceries or whaterver and passed by the place "I usually go here because they have some Halal dishes but it's definitely not my ""go -to"" place for Halal.  I find that I have to be in the mood for it in order to really enjoy it.  However I have to give them more stars. For one they have pretty tasty food once I tried more dishes.  The cucumber sauce on the side also really good.  It has also become my stop for mousaka! Mmmm" Tabouli was a bit saucy (ask them to use less dressing)." Ryq600aoE3h8_qRQGIed9A Food is excellent and reasonably inexpensive! Had to wait a little bit because he made everything fresh. I'll definitely wait for freshly made food! "We will drive from Dudgeon Monroe to the East side for good falafel and gyros. The quality and service at People's Bakery are a great reminder why the (much closer) Biryani doesn't deserve our business. Skip the babaganoush Awesome gyros at a great price... haven't tried anything else yet but I am definitely a fan and will continue to go back (at least for a gyro)  etc. Probably can't go wrong with anything there."  the food is really cheap - you can get a whole huge bag of great food for under 20 bucks. An older Lebanese couple run this place - they are very nice and do a good job. As far as the bakery items  but the food was EXCELLENT.  personal service from the husband & wife owners make you feel right at home.  the tabouleh and hommos definitely rival anyplace i've ever tried.  they actually make the tabouleh to order!!!  incredibly fresh and delicious.  delicious baklava!  and  shish tahouk and baba ganouj."  this is an AWESOME Madtown ethnic eats spot...and oh yeah...how can  completely dismiss the incredible homemade donut selection?  They looked stunningly good  if you think about ordering food here. still worth visiting."  but the owners were charming and seemed to enjoy us enjoying their food. My five-star ratings often depend on how likely and how often I would return Downside = Styrofoam containers...I might attempt to bring my own next time to avoid them!" The lady that works the counter is very friendly.  When we went back to purchase the pastries we only had credit cards So good!!! We went as a group and everyone loved the food they ordered.  The food was very reasonably priced!! Yum! Stopped here a few times for the yummy baklava. I've eaten lunch here once and it was fabulous. I had the tan-tan chicken and it was amazing! Moist chicken and lovely flavors.  and the owners are incredibly warm and friendly people who have been crafting joy through delicious food for many moons now. There is nothing to keep me from recommending People's Bakery with the full five stars." We will definitely be back!" Living 1 block away is dangerous! This is a hidden treasure for sure. The owners are a sweet older couple who knock out some amazing food. Can't speak for the donuts but I promise you will enjoy the food. The falafel with fries is a bargain--5 bucks or so--and it will be made totally fresh for you. My go to I don't feel like cooking spot.  does the People's Bakery unseat Trader Gus as my King of Madison Gyros.  I say it's too close to call right now.  What I do know is that I plan to return to the People's Bakery to conduct more extensive research.  And if you find yourself on the east side with an empty stomach and a light wallet  which comes as a sandwich or entree sized plate. They have other standard Mediterranean options such as hummus and kebobs. Seating is limited and would not be good for large groups. Definitely more of a take-out place. I would definitely go back to explore their menu." To be honest i had tunnel vision on the donuts but I believe they have some other things to offer for lunch and dinner." "I love these guys - the best - BEST - donuts any where in the world  but most importantly they had the best baklava I've ever had." They forgot my tomatoes. There is nothing really terrible about this place  the owners are great the only issue I see us that it  is hard to stop eating them"  and delicious too. I didn't bother asking them about ingredients because it's so obvious."  I really like the people who run this place and the people who hang out there." Great Greek food. Delicious and huge assortment of donuts! Worth stopping in for a treat. A husband and wife team run this place and they do an outstanding job.  Super nice too.  If you want an outstanding box of donuts "Best falafel in the midwest  and some green pepper and onions.  It was very fast and not too expensive (around $13).  I will definitely order from here again!" Great Mediterranean food and friendly owners. They also make delicious kosher doughnuts!  but you can't beat it for great take-out.  The falafel is amazing!  Their hummus doesn't come close to competing with Banzo  even if you're just picking up donuts to go. There was just one person working the counter and cooking customers' meals so the whole process took awhile." Great donuts topped off a tasty meal. A little hard to find but like Arnold I'll be back. Even though the decor and all is pretty modest Hopefully I can update my rating in the future :("  which I think is wonderful. My son will accompany me on a trip to People's Bakery if I promise to buy him a couple doughnuts. The two of us sit in the scanty boothed table as he unenthusiastically watches me savor every last tidbit of the kibbe dipped in the yogurt sauce. Mmmmm... considering how labor intensive it is to make kibbe at home  but I'm lucky my coworker does. I get ridiculously excited when she brings them in. My usual stop in Madison to cure a donut craving is Scott's in Middleton because it's convenient and decent (I think their best donut is their raised maple frosted or the decadent german chocolate) I am now a huge fan! Service is fast and prices are great. The blueberry fritter is heavenly. On the weekends I anxiously wait for 7 am to roll around so I can head over for my fix."  and my husband got the gyro. We also ordered hummus as an appetizer. The app never came out and then she called out our food and we had to pick it up. The spinach dish was most likely the most unappetizing plate I have eaten  as Med House is in the same strip mall at Richardson's and Dick's Hideaway.  Best bet is to park in the back and enter through the back door." An excellent Greek restaurant... with the proviso that one has to favor Greek spices and herbs."  as the strip mall where they're located may be seeing some major changes. The building owner has told tenants he'll not be guaranteeing any leases  Lentil Soup and then move on to the stuffed grape leaves or Egyptian Plate.  I also like the Falafal pita." i dont recommend this place at all. lots of choices in the area." I will try to go there before their doors are shut for good. :("  on my way home from the hospital.  I get a few groceries and something for dinner. I always get there by 6:15 though."  most organized Middle Eastern markets that I have been to in PHX. Stopped by here over the weekend and was really impressed by the selection and size of the groceries. If you're looking for anything Middle Eastern I hope they're open today - I'm hungry." They have hookah's and the good shisha my friend grabbed us some mint flavor which he love's I'm pretty sure its not any cheaper here than say a smoke shop. I saw a sign that said they have whole lambs and they had tons of stuff like gallon Tahini tubs and cute little tea sets among all the food stuff that looked good too. All in all I will be back to try some more delicous eats!"  I'll need to make sure I take mental note to do so." Can anyone recommend a good Goo Ball vendor for dessert?"  now there's a new owner. He smokes inside the store. Menu the same As a lover of Middle Eastern food and being half Lebanese I found this place to be great. I had the kefta sandwich and enjoyed it. Also if you are looking for grocery items they have some great ingredients. I recommend you try this little gem!! It's worth the drive!" I just wish they had expanded hours. Last I checked they closed at 7pm and were closed Sundays." Good job Yusef! I liked it!"  their produce was depleted (possibly because I walked in as they unlocked the doors) or not stocked yet.  I will be returning to shop and to eat again.  The welcoming owner made me feel as though my children will also be dining there regularly.  I will try to work my way through their menu board over the coming weeks "I usually come here once or twice a week. I love their gyros and fries - both very authentic and served Chicago-style. The staff are very friendly and accommodating Alli can say is thank God they changed owners. The new owner is fantastic. Nice. Helpful. Smiles too!!! Plus they have all the goodies I need. The string cheese. The bulghur pilaf. The salted pumpkin seeds. And the Persian cucumbers. My new favorite!  kitchen accessory and obscure food item you can imagine. A fun place to browse. Don't let the exterior and the strip mall location fool you  lentil soup and bread. 13.00!!! Haji-Babas gives you more for half the price. Plus Haji-Babas gives you some sauce. Come on Yusef! not worth the money" On my way out I purchased a couple cans of baba-ganouj and dolmas at reasonable prices."  I go their for lunch.  The felafel was GREAT and they always have all of the obscure items I seem to need!  Come have lunch and buy some fun stuff for your next meal at home." "I ordered take-out a day in advance for a lunch meeting at work. The man who took my order was very helpful and easy to work with Really good lentil soup.  Great rice.  Lamb combo was ok but everything else was pretty good! Very tasty and friendly service at the market. Picked up some fresh ground Turkish coffee while there.  there is a fascinating array of groceries for sale. We always end up with a few items to take home. The ambience is fine except for the constant sound of refrigerators  it's very refreshing; also there are these amazing chocolate and pistachio wafers called nutymax try one!"  and WAYYYY too much sauce....It was pretty much pita and tsziki half the time..I had high hopes for this place. :(" Super nice owner too !" I have nothing but good things to say about this grocery & deli. The food is AMAZING. The service is GREAT! Wouldn't change a thing! I love going there! "I wanted Middle Eastern food from a small mom and pop type place and this place delivered. I like lamb and so I ordered a lamb kabob sandwich. The guy behind the counter asked if I wanted sauce on it. The lamb was juicy and little drops of it ran out of the bottom of my sandwich. There was 4 or 5 large pieces of meat and vegis and the sauce (yogurt) he asked about. Great sandwich and good value. $5.95. I also got the falafel and it was crisp ( not burnt) and delicious. The sauce with it was a chunked tomato and maybe onion in a yogurt sauce. Fantastic Enjoyed the Vegetarian Combo plate. A bit too pricey for me. Great Lentil soup! Awesome food!  the ground beef was seasoned too heavily with something doEZAj-NSnoEMOJl5yXcNw  great for take away on movie night. Freshly made tabuli is very good" Stopped by for lunch a while back and everything was excellent. I will be coming back when I'm in the neighborhood! IV been coming here since I was a baby with the family . I highly recommend this place to anyone ! "Try the tabbouleh salad!  We usually get the lunch special if we make it in time.  Great value My flight was delayed I got to tour the city I must say the food was awesome definitely I woul recommend . 