 they offer cheap and or free services to those without insurance on a tight budget in cooperation with a project of AdiagoHealth; an excellent opportunity to get tested for STIs and an annual check-up."  have always had patience with me and answered every question I've ever brought to them. Truly -- this is how women's health care should be everywhere."  and have been absolutely impressed and comforted by the way they have cared for me and provided the most amazing level of support and medical expertise. The women at TMC are top-notch I really look forward to my care here throughout the years!"  from the inviting atmosphere to the knowledgeable and supportive midwives to the very helpful nurses and lactation consultant.  My daughter was born in the Forest Room  are considerably less expensive than C-sections and having a group of highly trained professionals in your corner who are working toward that goal can save you thousands of dollars."  you are treated with the utmost respect. The waiting room was a bit crowded but the majority of patients there had nothing but wonderful things to say about the Midwife Center "This place would be great if they answered their phones  post and during :)  This practice has been around for 20+ years and has had a great reputation for quailty care for many years."  I basically had to beg the central scheduling office to find me an appointment quickly because their next opening was way later than I wanted... she was mildly helpful but eventually got me in to a farther location after another person cancelled their appointment." This place is amazing and the service they provide is top notch. Staff is very sweet and the 3D pictures you get of your baby are amazing. The price is very affordable and if your thinking about going..... Do it! Review is based on a billing issue.  I called PNA before going in for blood work and an NT scan to get a quote on the price. I was quoted around $400 for both and the girl said they are not too expensive.  When I received my bill it was for $786.00.  I am very upset that I was billed almost twice what they quoted me.  I would not have gotten the procedure done if I had been quoted the actual price I was charged.  The actual appointment and procedure was a positive experience.  dr and nurses take the time to really get to know you. The wait times aren't that bad. They tell you your appointment time as the check in time so you are not late which is awesome. I'm having to come here twice a week for monitoring of my baby. I have never waited longer than 15/20 minutes. Everyone is so friendly and helpful. I would recommend this high risk dr office to anyone that needs to see a high risk dr." We have been here twice now and we have left both times with huge smiles on our faces! The wait times were minimal and the entire staff was amazing! The tech took her time with us and never once made us feel rushed and was very informative. i am a talker and she listened and answered all my  questions and was very sweet to us. We had the pleasure of having her both times too!!! She had remembered us from our last appt from 6 weeks previous and was referring to things we had talked about last time. She even tired to get us specific pics for a cute frame we had bought. She was GREAT!!! I would def recommend PPA to everyone! They have been nothing but wonderful to us.  I would never recommend it to anyone. Their doctors are smarts but that is about it. Don't rely on them scheduling you correctly. Very Very disappointing." ""A life is a life no matter how small"" and as mothers we need to fight and advocate for our babies."  me and my partner were shocked. Nobody needs surprises when they're going through a loss late in the second trimester. I would never place trust into the awful PPA again. ( I've been to 3 locations and the doctors at each have been incompetent )" 