 the grass range needs to be tended too.  It's like hitting out of US Open type rough...not very amenable to practicing.  Which kind of defeats the purpose of going to a golf range...Still gets 3 stars because the range is lit up at night which is excellent for those of us who are addicted to this amazing game  this place sucks.  The best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in Pittsburgh."  but close the drawers at 8 on the dot.  There are weeds grown all over the place.  I noticed some sort of batting cage Price for the golf balls was reasonable and I do plan to be back every week until they close up in October for the season. Hopefully "I drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.  It re-opens on July 14th and I can't wait to take my kids.  The new range looks amazing.  The entire range appears to be turf "Most random location for a mini golf course ever.  This is old school. It's built into the woods (spray yourself for bugs first) right off Forsythe Rd near Carnegie Park.  The candy hut is fun to spend your spare change.  They recently re-carpeted the holes and added a few gimmicks that weren't there before.  It won't knock your socks off  it was nice to see a course located amongst the hilly and woody Pennsylvanian terrain. It can be frustrating that it is literally impossible to make a hole-in-one on most every hole and that the course also makes it extremely difficult to predict the direction on how the ball will follow through and bounce.  The cartoon-like outrageousness of the course proved to give laughs and a fun attempt to play.  Improvements were being made and I will look forward to returning on my next visit to the Pittsburgh area.  I enjoy traveling and visiting new courses and the only reason why I didn't give this location 5 stars is because it was impossible to intuitively shoot the ball for a best effort to beat par."  sign is gone and the course has not been maintained. Awesome woodsy mess of a course though!"  I hope they're right! I find it strange they don't keep their phone number in service with a recording and that they didn't cover the course up to protect it from weather "This place is awesome.  No other putt-putt in the area.  They serve booze  especially the underground section. Lots of places to unintentionally chuck your ball into the great ball graveyard. Holes are tightly packed  I didn't see if they had the space invaders but they may have.  And their hours are kind and allow for diverse levels of enjoyment- come in the morning afternoon with the kids  but the $5 person fee is a little steep considering that the course is pretty simple and straightforward.  There aren't any windmills or clown's mouth-style holes which are often kind of the staple of the mini-golf world.  Some holes were fairly challenging but it seemed that too many either sloped away from or towards the hole.  As a result  contains some challenging holes and half of it is in a ""mine"" with black lights AWESOME. The only complaint I have is that a lot of the wholes seem to be in drains  and were happy that some of the holes were indoors and some outdoors (hooray for the cool ""mine"" after playing in the 90 degrees!).  The course is well maintained Definitely worth a stop. I think they could do a bit more to make this a destination mini golf course (if that kind of thing exists)." Took my kids last summer (2015). What a gem. Awesome staff and the putt-putt was awesome (as was the arcade and grub)! 