The worst run store in the company...I would go to a non corporate store...  neither simple organization skills...I've been here twice and both time I simple leave b c I can't get anyone to help me or I feel they really don't know what their talking about (just trying to sound like you're informed is not going to cut it). Save yourself the frustration!"  I have came to this store a total of 7 times. And she has been rude and nasty to me since. I had to go up to her and she was playing some game on one of the Samsung tablets in order to check me in. She has rolled her eyes at me and glared at me while I was leaving. The only saving grace of this store is the actual sales representatives. They are very kind. And the lady who I described is not a  true representation of that store and I felt truly uncomfortable."  than Time Warner's DSL.  The free DVR was nice but their promise of one bill for everything was a lie and I switched out as soon as I could.  Never again AT&T!  Not even for an iPhone!" "AT&T UVerse has the WORST customer service..that is IF you can figure out how to communicate with anyone.   Their website is horrible  dude called at 2:30 to say he was the ""outside guy"" and was on his way. Was indignant when I asked about the earlier time frame (actually I laughed when I answered the phone and found out who he was....3.5 hrs late!)  they shut off my services and issued collection calls over the service amounts THEY offered to credit!) and convinced me to switch to uverse which is just as bad! Internet service is non reliable and there seem to be no competent customer service staff to help sort thru the issues. I feel AT&T has gotten so big that they no longer know how to service people.  GO ANYWHERE BUT AT&T!!"  likely it is. And hope you don't have any problems with your service  i would... because words and stars simply cannot express what an awful  I left the store...but not before telling them to take me off the list so the poor people in line after me didn't have to wait even longer. I will not be back and have been researching other providers today." Waited for 4 hours only to have multiple people  walk in the door and cut in front of us and tons of other people. After telling the service representative he did not seem to care and continued to help said customer. After informing the manager of our situation we still didn't receive any assistance nor did he seem to care either. Thank goodness this will be the only time we have to come to this sprint store. Avoid at all costs if possible. The employees they had on the floor were completely inadequate obviously due to the amount of time it took for them to handle a customer. What's the point of a waiting list if they are not going to even use it? This is a direct reflection of Sprint's customer service as a whole. The worst part is that this is the corporate store for the area. The other retailers or whatever they are called are much worse. The only thing that went as it should have was when my wife and I finally made it to the desk with a representative. She was very helpful and knowledgeable. She was the one that should have been manager. At least crew lead or something of the sort.  waited 2 hours still haven't gotten any service. We were jumped in line and told the employees but they didn't care or try to service us. Told the manager and he didn't didn't do anything but shrug it off. They have a list out front for ""who's next"" but are not going in order. Please avoid this place. This is the second sprint I have been to today where we've been jumped in line and employees didn't address the issue. Even though we've waited for hours. If I could do all my service online and about the stores Closes before 9 pm and locked the doors as I walked up. Thanks for no help. The employees even gave me a dirty look for seeing if the door was unlocked. I cannot wait to come back tomorrow and see these people when they are open. Slowest customer service in charlotte  I am not hard to please.  I had to visit VZW because the sound was too low during phone calls.  VZW could not repair it and sent me to the Apple Store.  Apple could not repair it so they replaced my device.  Four hours later Once I made my decision he helped me get everything set-up and even charged the phone for me a bit since I told him I'd be travelling.  All in all it was a great experience and I would have no issue returning here for future purchases or help."  and then the last day its about getting you in and getting you out as quick as possible." I'm still waiting for the iPhone 5 to come out (probably tomorrow) but so far I am very happy I made the ""switch.""" HKDekQegywCXBAm8PFw1MQ Took 40mins (and i was next in line) for me to exchange my 2 chargers that I had 2 replace 4months ago.the guy that helped me was to busy checking out women to wait on me What turned out to be just a trip to the store to buy a phone quickly turned into an opportunity to grow my business." "Some of the worst customer service we've ever encountered. We've been ""next"" on the list for 45m. Understandable that it's a friday night "i went to day and bought the Otterbox defender for my new iphone 6. Briana helped me and she was super nice This is my fourth time coming back due to inventory and no fault of the stores. I'm continued to be so disappointed by the ""hostess"". They really act like you're an inconvenience. Will probably be my last trip and just drive an hour and a half to go to my home store. Really disappointed. This is not the experience I'm accustomed to receiving from verizon."  however that is acceptable at a busy time. My representitive Tim was the most useless salesman I've ever met. Didn't ask me about what I was interested in and pretty much just kept telling me to call customer service. I was about to renew my contract and buy a brand new phone but I can tell you now I'm going to AT&T tomorrow. Terrible service Why in the world do all of your stores in Yelp say you are open until 8pm on Sunday? Can't you pay someone to Update that crap? Great service! in and out very plessant service.  wish i lived closer to this store.. the people in this store were wonderful...  made note of my comment about the website (saying he'd pass the info on) and said that if the problem persisted to come in and they'd see what they could do directly from the store. Very kind service! And everyone seemed genuinely nice - a rarity at a place like that. The store is pretty and well laid-out as well "Corp store on Lien rd was not a good choice.  The manager of the store was very unhelpful and gave me the run around about trying to fix my phone. If you want good service with people who actually care  they took my phone and told me to wait for another hour.  I walked around the mall for an hour and came back to find that they couldn't fix it...Fine 2 hours of my life burned but fine.  I was urged to upgrade in 10 days and I went home to think about it.  A week or two later I returned again and was told that they would put in an order for my replacement phone and that it would be shipped to me...14 days later I returned to ask where my phone was...The sales rep confirmed that the order was still just sitting on the technician's desk in the back room.  Wonderful.  At this point I call corporate and make a ruckus and the manager of the store calls me to assure me that the phone has been ordered Well i went into this store to check out the iphone deal its a scam to get you in the store what they dont tell you is that it really is not fifty bucks as advertised. U do not own the iphone six u lease it for an xtra twenty bucks a month or as the manager said you can buy it at full price - over 700.00 . After some crazy fees that no one can explain to u in an honest english language and taxes the package comes out to about 90.00 a month hmmmm how did the fifty as advertised become 90.00 - american scammery and fast talking salesman who know that the american public has been conditioned to accept this bull shit - ppl read !!!!! Ask questions!!!!!!! Call them on their crap!!!!!!!!! "Don't count on the people in this store to give you complete information. If they'd listened to me and addressed my needs Very unhelpful. The staff did not even attempt to address my needs.  I would have not learned about any of these things. I was less than impressed with the customer service I received. It was so poor that I almost just walked out of the store without buying anything. She was lucky I already knew what I wanted." "I was very disappointed at the service I got here.  My iphone is 1 1/2 years old and was turning off on me constantly.  I didn't drop it and never had problems before.  I went to the store for help and they checked the battery and then told me there is nothing they can do unless I purchase a warranty on the phone.  I went home and deleted old photos and videos and updated the software and it no longer shuts off.  I just think it's ridiculous they told me there was nothing they could do unless I bought a warranty  and attentive!! Alex is the manager we worked with and he is also extremely knowledgeable (and a good salesperson too). We had a defective antennae on our long-awaited iPhone 6; it couldn't be authorized or connect to cellular service. Both Verizon and Apple tried hard to troubleshoot over the phone for HOURS The worst cell phone experience of my life. The staff was rude and directed my to call the hotline and quit wasting their time. I would recommend going somewhere else unless you like being insulted and taken advantage of. qt3WwxMYShshHX7UsyTK-g "Sales staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Toni helped me and she broke out pricing differences and helped me to make a decision that worked within my budget for switching phones. I was on a very old plan and she showed me how to get more data on a different plan.when I asked her to explain all elements of the pricing I would have never switched service if I didn't have to in order to get my iPhone.  And for the record ... the iPhone is the best object I've EVER owned.  I recommend you avoid AT&T wireless at all costs (unless you want the best phone in the world  they worked fine for me?  Three phones and a few years later I am giving up.  l am a caregiver for a lady who is older.  I can't tell you how many times she and other people have told me they can't get through to me when I haven't left the city limits.  If I am going to have a stupid cell phone-I could live with out it "Another review of AT&T wireless....not the store.  This may be a record; they lasted less than 2 hrs for me!  After 12 years w/Verizon I decided to leave so I could get an iPhone.  GIANT mistake.  I called to activate my phone  Customer service via phone and chat online and no one will help.... lousy phones lousy service. I have no texts for hours. I mget messages after a 2 hour to 24 hour delay. Ridicu;ous. If it is was not for IPHONE thises people would not be in buisness" Sun Cellular fixed it in under an hour (most repairs are done on the spot though you can leave it for service) and during that time multiple customers came in and he was able to address most of their problems for $20-$40 each."  several other customers were in and out and I witnessed the excellent customer service Sun Cellular provided.  I highly recommend dealing with Sun Cellular next time you have cell phone issues - it's hassle free  to the new location and was so thankful that they were still around. He was able to fix my Blackberry Curve in less than 5 minutes. He was helping out some poor guy who washed his RAZR in the washing machine. He spent time explaining the new phone to the gentleman and charged him a very reasonable rate for a new phone  but the service was excellent! I dropped my phone in some water and it wasn't working so well anymore. I brought the phone in and they were able to help me out. I would definitely recommend to anyone with a broken phone." Went today to have the trackball fixed on a Blackberry Curve. I went in and a new one was put in the phone and I was in and out in under 10 minutes. The work is guaranteed and very reasonable. I will definitely recommend this business to others who need repair work on a phone. Great customer service! "Had to go back on Thursday to have a new speaker put in my phone. I called the day before and asked if he thought he could fix it Dan is the man!  He knows everything about phones and will fix your phone for a very reasonable price.  I recommend his store to everyone I know :) Sun Cellular is fantastic!  I dropped my Droid and cracked the screen.  Phone still worked but I thought I would be stuck with the cracks until I could qualify for a new one.  Dan erplaced the screen in about 10 minutes.  Looks and works like new!!!!  Dan is AWESOME!!!!!  thanks so much for the quick service and new iPhone 4 screen.   You make it seem so easy.   I am already letting everyone know that you are the place to be."  both with a different problem. He swapped parts for me in about 20 minutes and I have a working phone again! Highly recommend!" He's got my business for life.  Thanks  quick and fair prices! this is all you could ask for in any service that you need done and dan delivers. I have been there twice because I am clumsy with my iphone and he makes it like new every time. If you have done the research on screen repair you know its waaaaay expensive  but after taking it back to him he was able to properly diagnose the issue and resolve it with no extra cost. I would definitely recommend going to see Dan if you have any phone issues."  gave me the price that was quoted...what else can I say? My Samsung wouldn't charge unless I held the USB cable at some weird angle with *just* the right amount of pressure--I kept trying to deny that there was a problem  he took care of it for the amount and time he quoted. Great honest work!!! It's awesome to see businesses out here still doing great work and providing awesome customer service!!! FIVE STAR service!" Found Sun cellular after they were on the news. I had an iPhone 4s with a broken screen. The owner was very polite and and explained everything. The repair was completed as promised definitely recommend them. 4anyLAWqWVZh5BFpol9czQ  replaced my screen in an hour and it was half the cost it would have been if I did use my insurance!! Highly recommend  fast turn around . You guys are fantastic. Big big Thank you!" Replaced my cracked Droid screen in less than 30 minutes for under $100. Great deal and he did it while I waited.  he said he could get mine done that day and stayed open past 5. There was a hard plastic band around the edge of my phone that was also cracked. Dan offered to replace it  I was referred to Dan and he was awesome!  Fixed my phone is 20 minutes."  a few minutes before closing. Dan let me know that he didn't have the glass on hand at the moment but he would have it when they opened at 11 am Saturday. I was there and he took care of me immediately. The repair took less than an hour and the phone is as good as new." 4anyLAWqWVZh5BFpol9czQ They had an option to try and repair my current broken piece...which was not even an option with the first place.  So that is great." This was the best repair experience I have ever had! I was so please with the way this business conducts itself and how awesome the service was. Thank you "There was a small line at 9 am but the owner got everyone taken care of and gave me a deadline to pick up my phone.  It was ready on time and they are a very polite  call you back when they say they will and did a great job. Very friendly in there  it is so rare to find such friendly and service-oriented professionals--particularly when it comes to repair of consumer electronics.  The reviews you read on this Yelp listing are clearly no joke.  These guys are the real deal 4anyLAWqWVZh5BFpol9czQ Would highly recommend for any mobile phone service!" "Dan is awesome. Professional. Courteous. The touch screen on my Motorola Maxx was cracked due to something that fell on it - freak accident. In mid-August I dropped my phone off knowing he had Motorola brand touch screens on order since mid-June. Thankfully I still had my old phone because I had only upgraded phones recently. He said I would be first in line when he received the needed part. Just got it back and am happy with paying the $250 instead of $700 for a replacement. Other cell phone services were charging the same price for off brand touch-screens. I will recommend Sun Cellular to everyone I know and will do business with him again Very kind and friendly staff." Dan was awesome! I use my phone for business and Verizon reccomended him because they couldn't help me. I was in a panic all morning because my phone wouldn't charge. I went to Sun Cellular and within 45 minutes my phone was fixed and back in business. Saved me! Thank you a ton!!!! Very affordable to was pretty shocked how cheap it was. This should of been expected from a place that looks on the outside to be across between a pawn shop and a bail bond agency. Lesson learned  I would recommend it to anybody! They provide very speedy service and helped me out so much. I replaced my iPhone battery phone with them twice in one day and when it still did not work (because my phone is faulty  I am definitely going to take it here again! Felt like he went above and beyond my expectations!" "I took in my phone because the charger wouldn't go in the port.  They took 5 mins I have been in this store several times over the past year.  I had a screen replaced on my Samsung Galaxy 3.  It was done quickly and correctly.  I went in to have the inside of the glass cleaned on another phone which involved opening the entire phone up.  They did that in about 20 minutes and for no charge.  I stopped in another time to get advice on whether an old phone was worth repairing or not.  They are happy to look at anything you bring in while you wait and they will give you an honest opinion or estimate of the repair.  I definitely recommend taking any phone issues to this store.  friendly and knowledgeable.  Good service at a fair price.  Hope I don't have to get my phone repaired  again  I finally decided to get it fixed. I looked up cell phone repair shops and found this one first. I took it in and it took 30 minutes and was definitely a reasonable price. I would recommend to any one."  charged me half of what the competitors quoted me and was done in 20 minutes. Reasonable and good customer service. I'll skip the other wireless shops and just come back here next time I have a phone issue."  here's the deal.  Dropped my Samsung Galaxy S4 in the pool.  Phone would not charge.  Replaced the charging port.  It did not fix the charging issue and I ended up messing up the antennae.  Took it to Dan.  Five minutes later My phone broke the screen cracked entirely and the LED light wouldnt work. I went to them on Saturday my phone was supposed to be done on Tuesday but it wasn't done till Wednesday at about noon however John was really nice and gave me a discount for it taking longer then expected.  Great service Sun cellular was recommended to me by the Verizon store. I came in here with two LG G2s which needed screen replacements. They replaced both and it really only takes 30-45 minutes. Turns out some stuff went wrong and I came back the next day. They happily fixed the issues and then sent me off with free screen protectors for my trouble. These people are all very nice and I would send any of my friends or family to them. They don't use cheap replacements like many of the phone repair stores. I will definitely support their company in the future.  only to have the same person tell me I now need to call back after 1:30 to see if the screen arrives. Then he tells me that I should really talk to Dan who won't be in until NEXT week and that these screens have been backordered. That's new! Why wasn't this mentioned when I placed the order 6 days ago? And how come I keep being told that  this  Dan person is ""unfortunately out this week  efficient and exceeded my expectation today. In about a hour I had a new case for my Galaxy S3 for 1/2 the price of what my insurance wanted to charge. Thank you guys!" 5++ stars for Sun Cellular!" This is the only place you should ever get your electronics fixed! He knows how to run his business and he does it right! You're good to him and he will be good to you. I will never go anywhere else . Phenomenal! Need I say more? "These guys are awesome! I usually dont leave reviews for anything but these guys definitely deserve it. I had a broken charger port on my GS3. I thought I was definitely screwed but I iust figured I would give them a shot. Not only did they have the phone done the same day  was not turned away and the job was done in 20 minutes.  I paid less than what others were charging on top of that. Looks great too. I would definitely recommend this place!!" Thanks  guys i will highly recommend you" A shout out to the guys at Batteries and Bulbs on Cave Creek Rd and Bell for the referral.  They also did not sell me something I did not need."  and Sun Cellular!  This shop's customer service is like nothing I've seen in such a long time. Ed took the back of the phone off to find that the inside had gotten wet while I was running through a rain storm....just enough to mess it up for charging. He cleaned it  my phone has been dropped a few times and the case is awesome.   I am super pleased with these guys.   They did an awesome job It is also very affordable. :o)"  took apart my otterbox and found out that the protective plastic covering was cracked. Whew.. he could have charged me for a new glass but he didn't he told me the truth. A very honest business man. .he ordered the part which will be in "I broke my screen on my cell phone and took it the Sun Cellular.  They fixed it with in 30 min.  I was told that they wouldn't be able to put down the glue that goes between the glass and the touch screen before they did the work.  They told me it would then make the sensitivity a little touchy.  I didn't do my research before hand to find some place that would put down the glue.  Needles to say Dan is amazing. Only person I trust to fix it right and fix it quick. I'd give 10 stars if I could been coming here for years. Dan is very caring and honest. He takes pride in his work and cares about his customers!  My iPhone 6 needed a new screen and it took him 10 minutes. Best customer service and speedy . These guys are the best. Friendly and prompt. Fixed my iPhone right away with no hassle and the price was in line with everyone else. As with other reviewers Dan is the man.  Saved me $100 on my phone repair.  Friends kid sat on it and bent it.  Dan replaced the cracked screen and digitizer and was able to save the frame $100 frame by slowly unbending it.  He could have just told me I needed to buy a new frame and how would I know the original could have been saved.  I think that sums it up pretty well......happy customer Do if you're thinking on taking your phone there 4anyLAWqWVZh5BFpol9czQ super quick. super nice. great prices and great customer service. I can't believe I waited as long as I did to get my screen fixed.... never again... these dudes were awesome. The shop was about to close and they still said come on in we'll help you out! Awesome. Will be back if I ever crack my screen again! Lol" I brought my LG G2 in for a new screen. This did a great job and for a good price. I would totally recommend them to anyone need their phone repaired.  I had my perfectly functional cellphone back!! Dan is a wizard! He is my go-to guy from now on. I highly recommend him!"  and he fixed it immediately(nobody else could who looked at it) then didn't charge as he said he didn't do anything!(maybe the phone just liked his vibe!!!) I will refer anyone and everyone who needs help here I HIGHLY recommend Dan and will always make the 45 minute drive if I have something that will give Dan the Business. A+++" "I took my Samsung s6 in there after passing up on a somewhat shady place that was cheaper.  So glad I went to Sun Cellular!!  They are great techs and seem to love what they're doing.  I have worked around and hired techs for many "Great phone/tablet repair shop! The excellent reviews say it all! Thanks  affordable and genuine customer service go to sun cellular!"  but they kindly fixed what I already had and charged me less than they could have without my knowledge. Anytime I have trouble with my phone  2011. I went in to purchase a power surge for my new big screen television. She walked me over to the items they had on sale and helped me select the best product for my unit. I had a few other questions on products I was unsure what to buy. She told me what I needed and showed me the items in the store that would work best for me. I carried a friendly conversation with her as she was very pleasant to talk to. I am impressed on the amount of knowledge she had on the products they offered. I am clueless on anything related to technologies so all her help was truly appreciated."  and I'm just not that kind of dude.  I've never used the term ""mercy killing"" to describe a commercial establishment "Boo bestbuy. You are a major inconvinience for me. And your employees are brain dead. I only like the fact that you are close to my house The WORST Best Buy I've ever been to.  I was charged $231.27 for an AMP install ... and they crossed the wiring so my right speaker was in the front left and the left speaker was in the right back ... and it kept shorting out on me.  And it sounded like compete shit (go figure) because they never played with the settings.  I went to the Manager Kevin S (he would NOT give me his last name) and he was a total unhelpful prick.  Anthony was the kid who f'ed up my install ... finally I got Keith to FIX the mess up ... Shop ANYWHERE but this store run by complete ASSHOLE PRICKS.  And what ever you do don't let Anthony touch your vehicle! In the words of Napolean Dynamite: ""Gosh it is the one closest to where I live.The staff couldn't care less and customer service is pure crap.I have given up shopping at Best Buy at all because of this one store.I refuse to spend money with a merchant that obviously thinks nothing of their customers.The few times I did go  this place absolutely blows. I'll enter in a new reason (though all mentioned are perfectly valid): Limited Clint Eastwood selections in the movie department. Fie!" I can't comment on anything except for the returns/exchanges department. We went to return a part for a fridge that we ordered online and there was quite a long line by the customer service department (it was lunchtime). They could have brought a few more personnel over to help. The return itself was pretty pain-free - he scanned the item and returned the funds to my credit card.  too. I suppose this is a lesson in backing up one's computer and data. And a lesson to put the computer on a stable surface when doing some supersonic idiotic disconnected not respected rap and dance number from an 80s classic teen movie. I can live with this." I have learned my lesson for the last time.   I will now purchase my electronics from one place and this place is newegg.com  These guys know customer service and have a customer for life." Didn't try too hard to sell me on the Geek Squad warranty.  Left happy and it didn't take forever.  AND I'm typing on my new laptop RIGHT now!" Methinks not.  Never again.  NEVER again." This is not the experience you want when you are making a large financial commitment."  then register ran out of paper once she was ready to process my return and took another 10 minutes for her to find a manger to change the receipt paper.  Employees are rude and mostly brain dead at this store.  I'd rather drive 20-30 minutes to Fry's Electronics in Tempe than ever return to this store again. The manager of this store needs to be fired."  the missing star is because of the douchenozzle manager. The large black guy who runs the store is obnoxious. I have watched him time and time again question employees who are going above and beyond to help me. He questioned the little asian guy who was discounting my computer to make me happy For those of you that order through the website beware!  If you use your debit card you may not be passing go to get your item until 1-2 days later." "Ok has been 7 months since my 1 star rating.  I thought I'd stop in to buy a new camcorder.  BIG MISTAKE.  One guy working in the department while the store manager and other employees talked at the customer service counter about what they watched on TV last night.  After asking 3 times for the camera guy to request some help  Best Buy will always be my go to spot for must have items.  Damn enablers..."  I didn't see a soul that was working in that area until I reached the casher. Casher was very nice gal though I've been a premier silver member for the past few years and just got extended till 2020 so i consider myself a fan of the place. The location is so convenient for me plus i've had nothing but great experiences with the staff. If i've had any problems with an item there's no questions asked and they take it back.  it's Best Buy. But I do love it when they have stuff on sale. ""Sons of Anarchy"" Season Three for $34. What's not to love???"  they have hardly any wireless routers and when you ask somebody a question they are always in a hurry to get away from you to go on break i would not return to this location at all" Customer service here is terrible.  Guy working there wouldn't accept my tv even though it was under warranty.  Finally had to call a manager at a DIFFERENT Best Buy location (Scottsdale) where they told me they would gladly fix my tv for free.  Not worth the hassle to go here.  avoid the one on 20th St & Camelback like the plague  so be sure you check before coming." kEqcAtMaC6hcY8Wbi1nxtA kEqcAtMaC6hcY8Wbi1nxtA "I got appointment with Geek Squad in camelback best buy in phoenix  they sent to my house a personal without any acknowledge about Home theater then we went there last week and they were promoting Direct TV and Cox the Direct TV guy was real nice THEN we happened to pass by the Cox cable guy who wasnt talking to the customers but busy on the phone  got me for $1.75 in gas." Everything i am looking for is always in stock and great service.  Never have to look for someone to help me as their staff is always very quick to notice a customer in need and in helping me find whatever I am looking for.  Great place!  I have no problem with the customer service at this location. But I wish such a big chain would not forget to supply their stores with the simple/affordable options. This could be my old fashioned preference Why are the prices increasing as the competition disappears. Ever since circuit city went under the prices went up drastically. I also don't like when the push the extended warranties. i wonder why this kind of mass commercial mayhem can't break through to mainstream USA. we'd eat it up! we'd gorge ourselves like swine "I went to a best buy in Tempe and was very pleased with the service. This store however has been terrible. The service is slow with long lines and miscommunication between fellow co-workers  the staff has been courteous and helpful. They were especially helpful and patient in helping me navigate the ins and outs of the tablet and the Android world  though it is always really full(the Lot). THey do charge for Delivery. But  Office Depot andstaples  had nothing like it in stock. I call Best Buy before going over. They have it. It's the best price I found from my on-line search. The cust service guy on the phone says he'll hold one up front with my name. No waiting The reviews on yelp or Best Buy aren't that great maybe I should have listened to them." The staff inside this location is the best... always helpful and pleasant to deal with. "Not a big fan of best buy. They are over priced and staff is not helpful. I am surprised that they are still in business. I would shop amazon "Haven't been to a best buy in years because I always had poor customer service. Today was sadly no different. The store was mostly empty and there were plenty of employees around  Yet not one of them stops to ask if you have any questions or need help finding anything. The cashiers are like brain dead zombies. I get asked every time ""Do you have our rewards card?"" I say ""no."" They then continue to ring me out without even telling me about it. Customer loyalty is important in retail. Your doing it wrong Best Buy. I hope that these yelp reviews really make you look at your company and fix it. This review brought to you by all the customers you are pissing off. We now return to our regular scheduled program It is painful to shop at Best Buy even when you know exactly what you want. Best Buy has the worst customer service and they don't care."  and they often have discontinued items on display. lame." I ended up having to return the ""universal"" charger because the adapter plug wouldn't even fit into the camera." Best shopping experience *ever*! Can't believe this kid has only been working for a few months at Best Buy. Valued asset!" Client service is awful. Nobody knows what they can or can't do. Waited on manager to come over to see if they could sell a video game and he said if it's not our policy we can't. Real qualified manager if u don't know the policies. Have had bad experiences multiple times at this location maybe why they have such bad ratings. Try and help the client that is your job don't just try and find every reason why u can't help. The employees of Best Buy are super shady. Purchased over 2000 laptop out of state. Purchased additional ram to be installed by best buy and their geek squad. I stopped by to pick up and they want to charge another $30 for the install. I can't believe how dishonest this company is. The geek squad manager implied she didn't care what the salesman from another store told me. I guess they are all independent!  Customer service is extremely lacking. I knew I should have went to Fry's Electronics!  but I'd happily come buy toys from these people." Was mad at them for making us wait 3 1/2 hours for my roommate to get her pre ordered phone but they let me watch movies and gave me coffee Something that should have been handled by a phone call--cost me an hour of my time--no big deal in the scheme of things--but it could be so much better so easliy--with someone at Best Buy paying attention and following the Nordstrom way."   seriously makes us feel at home. Love it and will always continue our business with bestbuy because of him. Thank you." I am just going to buy what I needed on amazon and do same day delivery - which is free during the Christmas season  this cheap imported crap we're accepting as merchandise has got to stop. I'm now assured that at least 50% of electronics that I purchase will be returned. So what are my options? Usually to buy something more expensive...I guess so I won't take a risk buying from Best Buy again." This is a great Best Buy location and Davey really treated the customer right. Thank you again Davey if you read this You earned a customer for life with me." I pay for tech support... but they aren't much support at all.  I let the geek squad dude know exactly what the issue was and I brought my comp home in the same condition. Ughhh  I would probably never go back. Not worth my time or money" "Selection sucks. I find myself walking in just to walk right out. Not sure why. Maybe the customer service. I am borderline not wanting hear them speak to where the heck is all the employees at. After an altercation with the manager at this store a few years back Could use more curb appeal. However it always has whatever I need in stock and one of the better ones.  I'll go to Fry's or better yet order from Crutchfield."  helped the man and walked away when I felt I had made it clear that I also needed help. I ended up walking out of the store because I would rather take my money somewhere with actual customer service skills. Audio express is right around the corner and is 100% better than best buy for any car audio needs. If I really needed something from Best Buy Vanessa in cameras is very knowledgeable and friendly! Answered every question very professionally! Looking for a tablet.  Jay (Samsung rep) was phenomenal. This man knows more about his products than anyone I have ever met. He is great about helping you compare products. Telling you honestly what each can do and what they can't do. His customer service is above and beyond and very rare these days "Updating my review:  apparently the return policy is 30 days if you're a reward zone member "This place is good for printer ink and paper but the rest of the stuff is overpriced and the staff are not very knowledgeable or helpful really.  The only think I like about this store is the ability to order movies Very nice customer service. My son is very exciting to wait his new season benefit. It's spent his one hour to get the code. I can imagine how patient they are. Excellent customer service and the guy who assisted me with the modem-router was knowledgeable and helpful. My husband and I went in to trade our IPhone 5s in for the new 6s and it took 10 minutes for someone to talk to us. Not that it was busy there were just no workers around.  Then we had one woman ask us if we were next but help someone else instead. Finally we did get someone to help us.  He discussed our current phone plan and our other options. Once we decided which we were going to go with he then had another guy help us.  The entire process took over THREE hours! My husband had work he had to get done and I had to wake up early the next morning.  This process took up our entire evening. "Super irritated! Bought a Bose sound system for just under $1000 and the sales person acted like he was doing me a favor by ""throwing in"" the blue tooth adapter. Come to find out Best Buy threw the adapter in as a bundle because the new Bose models were coming out and the blue tooth is built in. After spending that much money there Thank you so much for your excellent customer service!!! I appreciate the patience and am ecstatic that the item was in the storage facility here as opposed to having to drive to the Thunderbird store. Thanks again!!! Skip an in-store visit and buy whatever you need online. 0 stars for service. Try not to come here."  off the top of my head - he's always been so helpful and cheerful when we check out. I promise you that I have never been treated the way I am here at this location and will not visit any other Best Buy but this one. Thank you store manager for managing your people in such a way that it reflects to your customers; me." And that's just the way it is at this Best Buy." They don't help!!!!! I first went in to get my phone fixed I was told my phone was out of stock !! But I got a box that was supposed to have my new phone in it which was empty! So I called they said the phone is on back order i will get one when they are able to send one out!! So on week 3 i called the rep said that the order was standard so she will switch it! Once it is switch i will get a phone in 2 days (i called on weds it should have been here Friday)  I called back in Friday to check my delivery status and guess what NO REQUEST WAS PUT IN!!! they are the WORST COMPANY Best advice for 'Best' Buy? Just DON'T do it."  their customer service and their desire to make the customer happy!"  I was prepared to BUY). I eventually went on the hunt for an employee. I honestly felt that the employees I did encounter were avoiding making eye contact with me because that would lead to them actually having to do their ""job."" What a concept. I was just about to walk out of the store when my BF cornered an employee for help.  She assisted us (they didn't have what I wanted) and suggested a different store to try. I appreciated her assistance and she was friendly. However  but today went rather well. I went in to have my cell phone upgraded and was helped by an associate named Marcus. He was super friendly and very helpful. Even though he was new Amazing store. Always has been my favorite since a kid."  I had to come leave a review. Thanks Geek Squad  Office Depot andstaples had nothing like it in stock. I call Best Buy before going over. They've it. It is the best price I found from my online search. The cust service man on the telephone says he will hold one up front with my name. No waiting  in here to help. If you need anything I'm over here"" He would not move from in front of the laptops that I wanted to look at and possibly buy. It was no need for him to be aggressive. He could have just waited a few minutes and then sold me a laptop. I left the store without buying one today. I'll be back later in the week. Just poor customer service from this guy."  I don't think I'll shop anywhere but online again for my phone needs. The human factor made the shopping icky." Oh brother what a bummer." Something good is going on at that shop and based on my experience (a) I highly recommend them; and (b) I'm sticking with Verizon!"  I can't quite think of something that rolls off my tongue but Bob was the man who worked and worked on my phone and got all my pictures back. He saved my life  he was nice and I got the phone and plan i wanted....but only because I had researched it myself.  Don't expect them to know what they're talking about  saying they've had problems with him before. My question was: WHY THE HELL DOES HE STILL WORK THERE?!?! He asked what he could do to make us happy and I asked for the regional manager's phone number. He provided the regional manager's cellular number This location of Verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent  of a car wreck.  people dont get my texts or they get a couple words from it AND i cant use my apps Most inefficient place I've been at.  Told it would be 30min and turned out to be an hour.  All I needed to do was replace a carrier clip.  Everyone was pissed off in the store.  You can't get simple service without waiting.  The only positive was the guy who checked us in finally got a clue and got me a new clip before my name was called.  The want personalized service but there only getting pissed off customers once they start to help them out.  Oh yea employees there park in the prime parking in front of the store.  I noticed this while we were waiting.   If you have a lot of spare time on your hands then this is the place for u. I will never go back to this store. they are LUCKY to get even this 1 star ...if possible i would of given them -5.....EXTREMELY RUDE....I will never walk into this location again.....AVOID at all costs this location!!!!  handed him my credit card and was told I needed a different card because the card I gave him (with my matched ID) didn't match the address on the account. I told him that the account is in somebody else's name and I could give him my proper billing information. He told me ""No  drive the 6 miles to the other one on 44th and Thomas where they actually will help you."  after a week my phone stopped working properly. i went back to the store and after explaining to the employee how the phone suddently broke they agreed to exchange it. they recovered my contacts and were respectful. so 4 stars for this store with great customer service"  Enough time for me to explain the differences between phones to my friend. We looked around and still no help. So we left I looked at one group of associates and said thanks for your help in deciding what store not to come back to. She just smiled and said have a nice day!" Love this store! Corbin (the tall one) is awesome! They're very helpful and i didnt wait long at all!  but not today. 10 minute or less wait. 10 minutes or less to set up new account activate phone for which I am most grateful. While I have ulterior motives for activating this phone for only one month maximum Lots of parking outside If you are young and hot Miguel will move you to the front of line maybe even skip you a few more times just because he doesn't like the way you look.  I ended my service after 12 years of being a loyal customer.   This was not the only reason!  Just where I finally realized Verizon really does not appreciate its customers.  Verizon. Keep it classy." Verizon is going to have to do a lot of butt kissing to keep me with them when the 2 years is up."  and asked me to leave immediately because I had my dog with me. I had brought the dog with me before. They said it was company policy  but I am here all the time and have never had a good experience. They over sell me ubreakwefix down the way helped me with my Android power connection "Really really poor customer service. I will never go back in to a verizon store. All of my changes and purchases will be done with the amazing people working online and on the phones. Walked out with a new iPhone6 and my sales rep ""set it up"" for me without my concent. C'mon man at least give me the courtesy of telling me that I needed to go home connect to wireless and upload my &@$ from the cloud. Had to reset whole phone to pull all my info in. Thank you Verizon sales associate for wasting my time. ""All set"" please!!!!!  Never never again.   Boo!!!!!" Service is solely based on what they are able to sell you on commission." Having been a customer for this long I've never encountered someone who made me feel uncomfortable and like an idiot. Wonder if Sprint would do the same. Might have to check then out this weekend." Added bonus if you've read this far -At the risk of being in hot water with my wife I :/ decided to buy a Bluetooth Bose system from him because I know that helps their stats somehow(...and I really needed an excuse to buy one)."  the store closed at 7:00pm and I got there at 7:02 and was met at the door and told sorry we are closed. Not wanting to hear what was wrong or anything. I tried to tell the guy that I just drove from the other side of town and he didn't want to hear it and didn't care. ""Sorry we are closed I felt extremely happy with my purchase/upgrade. I  worked with Charlie Gomez. He greeted me immediately and helped me right away.   Although I knew what phone I wanted Charlie really took the time with me; he saw my current plan and changed it for the better keeping it at the same price. He was very knowledgeable on prices and was able to really explain to me what kind of charges I would be seeing on my next bill.  He also took the time to help me sync all my information to my new phone which took MUCH longer than expected. In that time Charlie was super patient with how long that was taking (I was in the store 15mins after close.) During this time he explained the benefit of trading In my old phone for a tablet which I ended up taking one home! I felt extremely comfortable and confident in every decision I made. Charlie even took time to really build the relationship with me as the customer asking questions about me and not making it seem like I was just another transaction. Really pleased with my experience with Charlie and Verizon.  He's a great asset to the team!! "These idiots don't know one bit about what they are talking about. Probably one of the worse stores in North Phoenix. Can we get some technology literate people here please? Never coming to this store again  so I declined and got a refund for the phone and taking my business to another company. I dont' give them no stars because its not possible" Very helpful came in to close my account with a a sleeping toddler in my arms.  My name was taken at the door I was invited to sit down. Once my name was up there play came and sat next to me and helped me accomplish everything I need it without even having to stand. It was great and very much appreciated. "I will put a fife star service because of mine previous experience with this store. Today I was trying to call for about 1 hour and still could not connect with the store. Finally decide to drive down there and I am here with a 40min waiting period. Probably weekend is the worst day to come to the store. I will suggest for the managers to have more workers on the weekend so the line is not so big on waiting. The service is excellent and all the guys and girls are professional and they know what they do. Because off all the service a reserved I will wait I to get served  "The customer service at this location is extremely lacking. There were many employees available in the store doing nothing however i still had to wait about an hour to get seen. The managers on shift Great service!!! I went into this store to upgrade my phone in the process went very smooth. Every time I'm in I am treated with respect and courtesy. I will come back! The personnel at this company have the authority to promise one thing and deliver another  put the glass on then slipped my phone in the case. He even asked for my account to look up if it was registered that I was military 'cause I get 25% off! I never knew this. My account was registered as a military account so I got the discount. Think I spent at most 10 minutes here. That's solid service. Thanks Heath." Lena Solutions manager - service with an attitude after 40 mins wait.... just awful avoid and use another store I love this store. I've always revived the best customer service here. Toni Monley is on of the best employees Version has. I'm still with them for another couple years (I keep needing new phones!) and wouldn't change providers for anything right now." cannot wait 'till that 2 year contract is up!"  Meh.  I've experienced better." Nightmarish - that's the word I was reaching for." So why 2 stars? Because really all cell phone companies basically suck balls and have from day one. At least Sprint usually lets me connect." Have an Amazing Day Everyone!!!"  but worth an hour of useful time as opposed to 24 hours of incompetence." Well after nearly 20 years with Sprint I am leaving them for another carrier. I have always had great customer service and very little issues with my service or phones. With all that in mind though I am also tired of having to pay for services I don't get in the Phoenix market (which I am in 99% of the time) such as 4G. I also have found that I can get the extras I have to pay for with Sprint I can get from other carriers included within my plan. In addition to all of that the phone I wish to up grade to on Sprint I can get for less on another carrier without an upgrade discount. I had to way out the pros and cons and in the end I would rather pay the extra $12.00 a month and actually get what I am paying for. I had a lot of hope that Sprint would get it together but alas it does not seem that will happen in any foreseeable future.  Sorry for the 2 stars but that's all Sprint deserves anymore. If weren't for my long history with Sprint it would have been 1 star.  but not quite. There's still Verizon and T-Mobile I have been to many.. many.. sprint stores and this is the worst. Employees are slow. Most of them very uneducated with their own product. And just all around poor customer service. This store needs some work. "Don't bother scheduling your appointment in advance online(they never received my reservation even though I had a confirmation number.). Also make sure you give your name at ""check-in"" to at least three different people to make sure you get on the list."  I'm disappointed and end up going somewhere else (usually the Best Buy across the street) for my phone because this store does not have helpful employees. They are not kind  do anything you can to not come into this specific store. I've used sprint for over 10 years and never had an issue until now."  no thanks. The Sprint service sucks too much for me to want to pay more. But these guys treated me like I had no idea what I was talking about. I hate when people act like I don't know what I'm saying. Anyways. WORST customer service because I have NO answers. Don't waste your time here... or with Sprint for that matter." I intend to send an email to corporate but I'm sure it will only resort in positive feedback to the employees at this store for towing the company line. ""No waivers Do NOT use this store. They are a sleaze for sales!" 000 a year to not fix shitty phones. I will not be visiting this store again due to employee's. Management should be ashamed to call that staff. Wouldnt recommended sprint or this location to my worse enemy. You pay for ""insurance "" just to have to fork over serious cash when a phone defect happens."  when I had initially only planned to put service on an old sprint phone. He was so helpful and still laughed at all my poor jokes. Most importantly Wow! Toria was amazing!  I wasn't feeling too happy about Sprint until I got really good service from Toria "I always leave here feeling like I know exactly what I'm getting and what I'm spending my money on. Even though some of the guys can get a little pushy on bundles and product sales  i will make it a point to come in and say hi because they are just wonderful human beings to be around. I wish i could put into words just how much these two touched me and made a lasting impression with me. Wish there were more young men out there like you two!! Thank you for everything  get lousy service and they never have any peripherals to speak of.  Waste of time even going here if they are only going to try and get you to ""lease"" a new phone instead of providing a new battery." "Sad to say I was a customer of Sprint for 14 years before I severed my relationship with them. I was overcharged for services and my company discount (which totaled all of $2) was taken away after I submitted all of the requested information several times. When I canceled my service Great customer service!!! I felt so welcomed by the entire staff!! I walked in and I was immediately greeted with a huge smile! Vania was the person helping me (I hope that was her name that's what it says on the receipt) she was very helpful from the beginning to the end. She gave me all the information I needed and answered all my questions. She was very knowledgeable including her supervisor Isidro. Thanks guys :) "I go in to get options on fixing a cracked screen but got the run around. ""You can go to apple or this little store down the street and they can fix but I don't know how much"" is the answer I received. Left feeling unappreciated as a customer."  for easing my nerves and making my experience painless I came today and Daniela was awesome. I was looking for a new phone and she supportive without being to pushy. My phone did not back up all of photos (important ones) so when I returned Travis and Daniela both were patient and very helpful to my specific need. I love this the people at this Sprint store. Thank you all. N6ff0yyo9Cv_7XPz-YDoow  however. Mine has occassionally worked and the customer service on the phone and in-person leaves much to be desired. I wish i would've just gotten regular Internet from the start and not wasted so much time...since i work from home and am a student! So inconvenient!" I was left sitting waiting to activate my phone for a half hour. I thought I heard them say the girl went to lunch??? I could have done it online but needed their SIM card. Been here almost an hour total.. Not a busy store today. "I seriously hate this store. I went in to get my phone fixed and waited 2 hours for them to tell me ""Yeah it's broken."" Okay...so what next? ""You have to order a new one"" okay can I do it here? ""Yeah it will be here Friday."" I can't just get another one now? No we don't do in store replacements. So Friday comes and I go in to pick it up...they tell me it has been order and not yet shipped from the warehouse Scottsdale/Phoenix' Apple Store ... great selection ... great help ... dreedful Apple prices (but you get what you pay for I guess) ... Via La Apple! l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg  but the assosiates are just dumb. They are also very snooty even though they have to wear a bland outfit every workday and essentially have nothing to be snooty about. Maybe its because they sorta have their jobs that they act that way. Ayway anythime I go in here they are always unknowledgable and unfriendly." l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg  because with my receipt I was offered a job.  Maybe they were short of knowledgeable employees at the time?  Or were just relieved by a customer who didn't have 50 questions prepared.  I politely declined..." The one in the Biltmore is not quite as cool as the one in NYC  the line is too much. i did happen to go mid december to pick up a new ipod since mine was stolen (and by stolen i mean i got drunk and lost it) and they were churning them out like donuts. pre-packaged and ready to go Take deep calming breathes when you visit this store."  it's always almost impossible to get into the Genius Bar. My iPod malfunctioned sometime earlier this year and after waiting in the store for 45 minutes to be seen Go check it out and enjoy."  I was promptly attended to and the store associate was helpful.  I had no idea that you are able to do so much with the ipod!!  So after getting cables and a docking station...I walked out of there $110 later! But what was great was that I didn't need to wait online to check out.  I was able to check out with the associate!  I love modern technology (when it works )" And why are they dressed like little Steven Jobs clones?"  I tell them why. They seem totally dumbfounded and find it very hard to accept that I indeed did not want the product. SO they ask a million question all assuming I did something to the product and rendered it unusable. Any fool can see it never came out of the box. So I repeat why I am returning it. Finally they say ok and tell me there is a restocking fee. I say OK as I had read the receipt. He said wait a minute. So I wait and he returns with what I assume is the manager. He starts his bull crap and literally yells at me about the fee and said I am going to have to pay it. I respond that yes I know of the fee as I told Him One thing I did notice was that they were hosting free iPhone classes - especially since this was shortly after its wondrous debut. At the very least This experience was a first for me in my history of shopping at a large corporations store. I'm not sure what is going wrong with all the other trips reported here (or why people are buying things at a store)  and it won't be longer than 10 seconds before a rep comes to see if you need guidance. I love it that you can make a purchase without standing in line or going up to the register! They have little traveling register keypad thingys. I stood in the middle of the store in the software aisle while paying for my iMac  I remember when it was the smart people that only used Apple products.  I have a Mac book pro This isn't the first time I've been to the genius bar at an Apple Store - I've had iPod and MacBook issues as well over the years - and every time  how I dislike this store.  What does a girl have to do to get someone to find her a macbook battery?  Seriously.  How many people do I have to ask.  And  and buying on-line just became that much more attractive." The staff was extremely helpful when I had troubles with my iPhone. The store is crazy-busy and they made sure my time mattered. I felt like my business was important to them.  as well as the accessories that I have purchased for them at this location. The staff is extremely personable and helpful when they aren't tied up with others. The only gripe that I have is that sometimes the store There classes for new Apple product users are great." I'm not totally convinced a Mac is the only way to go (almost though) but this store has some of the best customer service I've ever experienced." I wish I would've known these things before my last visit - I would've gone elsewhere or just gone online. Can't tell you how much I hated the experience. I guess the setup is good if you're someone who needs a lot of assistance  but when your ignorant to who has one of the hand held devices or don't even know thats how you check out. you can be seriously put off by the whole process. but now that i know. i have no issues with it. who really needs a bag anyways."  and efficient. Overall they do a great job of using their retail space to communicate what it's like to use their products."  huge cluster of people congesting the back of the store along with the prerequisite losers who come here to surf the internet.  The employees here drive me nuts.  They are either completely lazy or obnoxiously pushy with their ""genius"" title.  I refuse to call them that and find it embarrassing when one of these so-called ""geniuses"" knows less about the product than I do.  Aside from that  Apple has seriously kicked up the customer service.  There has never been a time that I've not had the Genius Bar solve the problem.  Kudos to Apple!"  call ATT and have the darn thing ordered over the phone in less time than I spent navigating the color coded T-shirt brigade at the iStore. Whew."  you make lemonade. If it gives you a rotten Apple- head to the Genius bar." get it? got it? okay." http://store.apple.com/us?cid=OAS-US-DOMAINS-applestore.com"  I'm thankful to have a working phone... I just hope I don't have to spend much time there in the future."  just like Whole Foods looks for people with tattoos and purple hair!  Right?" This store needs a baby intervention...I'm still waiting "BEST STAFF EVER!  Ask for Ariel for one-to-one training. He especially good at Adobe Creative Suite instruction. Do yourself a favor and try not to come in on a Saturday. Any other day of the week the store is fun to be at http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/google_ceo_suggests_you_change_your_name_to_escape.php"  understaffed customer service. If there was another option out there that was comparable  it's cool that whoever's helping you can ring you up right there in the middle of the sales floor. At least you don't have to go wait in a register line after you've cracked the code! :)" l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg A little hard to get appointments set." Once again Apple has proven itself to be an excellent company with great customer service." Went in for some dust under my iphone screen. They replaced the phone no questions asked."  I wished to exchange it. The employee went to the back and brought back some papers and told me to pick out another case. I grabbed a snazzy little blue number and was on my way. I appreciated Apple for making the exchange when they didn't have to I'm bringing my Macbook Pro into the Apple Store today in the hopes they'll be able to take care of a stuck pixel or two; it's annoying to try to watch a movie with a stationary white spot on the screen  therefore five stars. 'Nuff said. Plus it doesn't require you to navigate a massive indoor mall like Chandler." I love this place. I bought my wife a ipad for christmas from here and the sales person was very nice & helpful. In fact every time I have talked to a sales person at this store they have been very informative & helpful. I plan on buying an new imac soon from here.  and I like how I can come in with an iPod I received as a gift and trade it in for another one :) What I don't like is how unorganized it is to find an employee to help you unless you have an appt with the geniusii (yes I made that plural up). I thought it sucked that the Sprint store puts people in their queue even to speak with a sales rep This store has greatly improved customer service since my last visit. It's more adult now. Good job!  they have been more than helpful even to the point of replacing my phone two times even after I have passed my warranty cut off date.  Every sales person I have dealt with has been extremely helpful." This location is not quite as sleek and cool as many of the others.  It's a lot older (I believe this one was the first in the valley) and feels a little more dated than most.  It's also a lot smaller and has a lot less employees.  The good news  but I do not want to be told that I have a software problem when I know that I have a hardware problem and I have to return to the store ten minutes later! Give me that pass phrase that lets my Genius person know that I know what I am talking about."  the staff at the Biltmore Apple Store have been extremely helpful and attentive.  Customer service is emphasized not only with the genius bar The employees were welcoming and friendly and helped me solve my iPhone problem quickly!" I would recommend this particular store for their great service!  They certainly tried for me."  how high up it was when it fell (in my hand or off of a building?) and I said it was in my hand.  He clicked around on his device a bit and said ""normally we'd charge you $165 but i'll help you out today"" and gave me a free brand new iPhone 4.  Plus Grant Hill (Suns player) was in there at the same time. good service!!!" There are three or four Apple stores in the area (Scottsdale  I got to chat while I waited with Quinton who was sexy (and he knows it). I'm just sayin'. He carried my computer to my car for me and wished me a very genuine happy christmas. Very pleasant experience with every employee I encountered. I love those nerds!" Just enjoy the vibe of the place while waiting!"  more efficient customer retail experience than in an Apple Store. You might find an Apple product a little cheaper online but it is so much easier in the store. And it may sound silly but I love getting my receipt emailed to me."  "" My new phone needs an outfit""! (case) . Took me right in and hooked me up!! The store in itself is smaller than the one at Scottsdale Quarter but I love coming in here!"  no paperwork. Super friendly staff and extremely quick service despite being very busy! Definitely one of the better Apple stores that I've been to." Waited for 25 minutes before asking for a manager for assistance. Too crowded and for all the lovely blue shirts walking around nobody bothered to help those of us standing around. Once I finally got help it was ok.  I use it everyday for work and home) it's hard drive finally gave out. Right on schedule I was assigned Elizabeth to help me with my problem. She was very helpful and took the time to explain to me the cheapest and best way to fix the problem. After spending a good amount of time trying to solve the problem for free she found out it was my hard drive. I am going to be buying a new Mac soon and of course I will go back to the Apple Biltmore. Thanks again for saving me a few bucks and saving all my software and files."  even though there are bigger and newer ones close by simply because it is more dog friendly then the others. I appreciate that they offer this at this location and why I'll continue to be loyal to this store."  but everyone else seemed to be so willing to help me when he stepped away."  but I've always had snappy fast service and they don't treat me like an idiot just because I'm a female with some malfunctioning tech like other repair places I've been to. I'm pretty brand loyal to Apple when it comes to devices  for saving me money!  Elizabeth for her smile when she went through the tedious process of ridding my new machine of things I didn't need!  There were two other gentlemen who I have to apologize for not remembering their names/  Overall  when they don't even have a degree in computer science and or engineering. Seriously? Get real."  its very easy to find someone to assist you. The attitude of the employees really makes this place spectacular. The only issue is the wait time. I had a genius appointment and still had to wait half an hour to talk to someone once I was there. Still a great place."  there's nary a person to help me.  Last time I waited 30 MINUTES to ask a question about a laptop.  Either I'm addicted to apples or just plain stupid because I would NEVER wait that long in any other store.  The lack of customer service They have very technical team to assist apple products. I love the apple gadgets. I feel very sad if get them out of order. But no problem now. I get repaired  my laptop after a tech fault at  a nominal charge at apple store. I trust for their quick and reliable services. They have done a goood job for me.  just know that there are times when you can expect better service than other times."  I hooked up their test chargers to my laptop and it held the charge. Problem solved. I found the charger that I needed and tried to find the cashier... The place was packed for whatever reason  as he sat glaring at me down his nose as I complained to him about the treatment I was receiving. Really Dan? I doubt that you really cared whether the two year old in the tutu at the kids' station overheard me calling you a fucking asshole. You really left me no choice. If you are a hipster dude I came back for my appointment. They diagnosed the problem very quickly and said they would have it done in 3 days. I got a call the next day saying it was done. I went in picked it up and paid nothing as it was covered under my warranty. No need to show paperwork  leaving us with a machine that no longer functioned properly. We sought out the guy with the clipboard and he said there were no appointments available at the genius bar for 4 hours and that was at another store across town. We had traveled 50 minutes to get to this store from our home. We pointed out to him that is was HIS employee who screwed up the device. They REALLY didn't care about serving their customers. When a young woman arrived without an appointment DghMl81bONCh5ELnrgn4Fw "Not a fan of Apple but will say that this store is better than the one at Scottsdale Quarter.   Less Apple peeps at this one just standing there looking cool doing nothing! The guys/gals I have used for training have been decent  even when the store is crazy busy. I had the pleasure of working with Quin and Stephen and both are exceptional staff. Stephen gave the youth I work with an amazing experience through the Apple Store ""Field Trip"". I was impressed at how much they learned and it's always rewarding to see a child smile and enjoy themselves. If you work with youth and are looking for an awesome (and free) field trip  so smart at what they do with amazing service!  Thank you Matthew M. for getting me in and out so quickly.  I wish every store knew the ""Apple Way""."  this is not always the case in other Apple Stores.  I suppose it always depends on the employees.  Since I had a great customer service experience at this store  and are fast with product pickups when I ordered online. Can't think of a better retail experience. Third party accessory prices are a bit high though." They really do ""just work""." The guys teaching apple camp did an awesome job!!! My kiddo had fun and they taught us parents what they were teaching our kids! Will definitely do this again next summer! "This is my second experience with a repair. This was a warrantee repair (expensive logic board replacement because of a little faulty switch on the board - sensing the ""lock"" switch position on an inserted memory card). A quick confirmation of the problem Most Apple stores are the same but this location has exceptional customer service. I never feel like they're downplaying the problems I'm experiencing or mocking my lack of technology knowledge. The employees are very down to earth and genuinely enjoyable to work with. I will drive out of my way to go to this Apple store and if you're about to spend a good amount of money on a computer- go to this location where they will make it a positive and beneficial experience.  but I think they gave me a ""refurbished"" one..." This Apple store has such a friendly group of people here This store also has a tech support service station. I recommend making an appointment on line as walk ins will have to wait for the first available slot which can sometimes be hours away." Apple stores today induce anxiety. I prefer the old-school checkout register with a line. Their prices are high for poorly made products with too-short warranties that seem to expire just before your computer crashes or a cable is snapped. The workers here know it but their Apple fandom forces a blind eye. Genius bar is impossible on weekends if you don't plan ahead.  I only have my Macbook Pro and iPhone because they are incredibly sexy vs the competition. "I was helped right away since I had an appointment to get my battery in my iPhone replaced.  I even brought my laptop in because I thought I would be there for a while. Nope.  I was there for about 20-30 minutes.  The customer service was great 2 Stars only because the other employee was helpful speeding us through the online ordering process." This apple store and the one in chamfer are the ones I prefer to use. I will return" "The helpful ""geniuses"" at this Apple store not only replaced my battery but also partitioned my hard drive and fixed a glitch on the hard drive to do so. And they expedited the process so I could get home in time to feed my dog. I was surprised and pleased by the expedient  that's poor customer service and leaves me with a bad feeling about my apple products that I pay a million dollars for with monthly service fees."  I would still rate this location pretty well overall. The parking structure is covered and there is usually decent parking to be had Worst customer service! But they don't care! I even spoke to a manager and he would not exchange my defective device.  What happen to taking care of your customer? l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg I pre ordered the iPhone 6 and showed up after receiving an email stating I could stop by to pick it up any time that day. It was 7:30 and the line was out the door. I was told to come back tomorrow and that there's no way I was getting that phone prior to 9pm close. I've already paid for the phone and I showed them the email I'd received but to no avail. So I called the store on my way home explaining what'd happened and the kid looked up my name and said they shouldn't have had me wait in line and that I could come get it whenever. It turned my Friday night into a cluster and I'm disappointed in the way apple does business.  Seriously considering galaxy whatever and ditching the iPhone for good.  I was allowed into the store to ""play"" with the phones and check out the Apple TV.  Everyone here is so warm I'm Apple happy again thanks to a senior advisor named Eric. After expressing my problem and frustration with him he quickly resolved my issue and sent me a new iPad Air. "I came here to find accessories for iPod to hook as much as my surround sound. And I'm an old fashion in terms of gadget  insurance that I paid for in the case that my phone needed fixed or replaced.  That was the case when I went here and not only did the jerk who was supposed to be helping me fail to do so he also made my phone worse.  Then he blamed me for the phone not working after his solution didn't work.  I truly loath Apple just based on its stores.  I wish I could leave them but I have so much sunk cost between the Mac book Apple is just a cool gotta-have-it brand... and I gotta have it!"  once to see why my iPhone 5 battery kept dying so quickly which I was told was not their fault and once a few months later to have the battery and on/off switch when they were recalled. Both appointments took way longer than they should have because they were so understaffed. So when I bought an iPhone 6 last week I bought AppleCare+ with which I was sold on by being told I could just bring my phone in and have it serviced if there were any issues and it would be covered for 2 accidental damage issues (for $79 each). I left for Australia the next day and didn't have time to buy a case (the only ones sold at the Apple stores are Apple cases which I think are overpriced and not very protective). So I ended up dropping my phone in a jetway and shattering the screen. I thanked god that I bought the AppleCare and that it would be relatively easy to replace when I returned. After I got back to the States I was driving to work and the screen completely stopped working. I happened to be right by the Apple store so I thought perfect I'll go in get this fixed and only be a little late for work. I showed up before the store opened. When it opened I was informed by some guy with an iPad that their next available appointment was at 1:30pm (mind you I arrived at approximately 9:30am). I politely informed him that since my phone wasn't working there was no way I could have possibly made an appointment I guess they know their products great and just don't give a crap  the ""help"" was more concerned with getting me out of the store by telling me the they were done taking in new customers before asking the more appropriate line of questions. Employee kind of got defensive when I called him on his lack of professionalism. After getting on the same page Could use some training in customer service. Being rude definitely runs in the store. I would not be sorry if this location shut down.  I dealt with a total witch while trying to explain I had been at the store already for 45 minutes waiting to get this computer. I will probably never return to this store Not enough personnel to support the customer. Appointments don't mean nothing here. Still got seen late and I have a guy looking at my comp and another comp at the same time. Personnel hygiene is non existent for the Apple employees. Customer service matters. They've got it down." "Yeah I'm one if those annoying 'apple' people that gets excited when new apple products come out.  I'm (picture me whispering) a big nerd.  The staff here is super friendly and knowledgable.  I recently decided to purchase a MacBook Air and my friendly sales associate asked where I work.  He wasn't just creating meaningless banter but informed me of a discount because of where I work!  Achievement unlocked!  Ooh wait Will switch to a differnt company for my phone service.   ATnt is not the great customer service it was years ago." "I've been in here twice. Both times they fixed my issue without any problems. Very reasonable timing. Helpful staff Swiped the credit card. Signed on the line. I was done. The receipt was sent via email. I left the mall with 5 minutes to spare. Good enough for me." Great staff; come on a weekday when it's not busy and you'll be in and out quickly and knowledgeably. "This place HONESTLY had the absolute worst customer service I've ever experienced in my entire life. I took a cab 20 minutes to get there to fix my laptop and I was treated terribly! Granted I had missed my appointment  which never happens. They replaced my iPhone 6 plus and had me on my way in less than 30. Excellent first experience at this location." "I have spent several days at the Apple Store due to some software issues. Everyone at the store was kind "Freaking ridiculous! After waiting an hour yesterday and being told i had too many iOS updates on my iPad which isn't even a year old they ""fixed"" it and I went home. Had the same exact problem today so I went back to only be told I had to wait 2 hours or make an appointment for 3 days out. Are you kidding me!?! Worst customer care ever!!!!" Very knowledgeable and friendly staff. They are extremely fair and liberal with return and repair policies. I hate to admit but I have become a 100% Apple convert. This store represents the company well.  the classes offered for there devices are a great way to learn about the functions/updates as applicable. I would recommend any Apple user to go to this location to get assistance/learn more about the Apple brand."  great customer service and great environment. Use this store to help with your Apple needs. I hope this helps!!" I use apple products and really love them. Had every phone up to my current 6. I use their wireless xtreme router at home and two boosters. One MacBook Pro and iPad. They are all flawless and soon will try the watch. Josh did a great job for me at the Genius Bar! Genius bar is a joke!  Go to a real repair shop."  half the staff stands around with nothing to do while there is a 2 hour wait to talk to a ""genius"". Very frustrating experience It is located in the mall near Saks. For parking you get a coin that gets validated for 2 hours."  had to cal the store and they are fully booked until 5p Sunday. My friend needs the phone traded out ASAP. He has apple care so we walked into the store 2 hours before they closed to hopefully get a lil help. Of course the overly pierced hipster stopped us dead in our tracks. No option to help us. Of course the 10 plus ""sales reps"" are all wandering around like zombies and can't do a thing. It would take 10 min tops to just switch the phone and pay. You shouldn't have to make a appt I use apple products and really love them. Had every phone up to my current 6. I use their wireless xtreme router at home and two boosters. One MacBook Pro and iPad. They are all flawless and soon will try the watch. Josh did a great job for me at the Genius Bar! Zero stars what a stupid bunch of wanna be's please little people grow the hell up I have been buying apple products before the bunch of you have been born!!! I waited all day for my appointment that when I got there to check in I was informed I had no appointment nor would he look it up by the conformation code I currently have 8 apple products not cheap ones all that have been bought through Apple Store at the Biltmore I'm furious at their petty attitude and very disturbing behavior never ever ever going back screw Apple Store at the Biltmore!!  even though it's not the closest to me. I like the bustling vibe The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because I am very particular about appointments. If I made an appointment for 1  we browsed the new iWatches and even tried a couple on.  The store was busy but they have a lot of tech reps wearing Apple t-shirts roaming around so it is easy to get help fairly quickly.  I'm impressed!" So grateful for the nice gentleman who got all of the rice that was lodged into my iPhone 6's charging port. No questions asked took it to the back and got it right out. LIFESAVER. Wow. Bought my first Mac and I went to the right place!  I spent some time looking. Thanks to Trent and Jacob.  It was a big chunk of change but gonna be worth it. Staff here very helpful and made my purchase worthwhile. Spent all day playing with the new computer. Love it already. Absolutely horrendous! The apathy of the Genius Bar is unparalleled to anything I have experienced anywhere. I'm considering from switching from Apple products so I'm not held hostage by these condescending jerks!  I'm getting tired of dealing with apple and their unreliable products. Might be switching my products out in the near future. Get it together  it's going straight to ebay along with my crapple MacBook Pro and the TV box. If you're a wealthy person with unlimited income and can tolerate this kind of bullshit I had to make a genius appointment for my iPhone that was having a few issues. My luck (after owning an iPhone for 7 years I've never broken my display) I shattered my screen the day before my appointment. Aaron was extremely helpful and super awesome. He managed to swap out my device for a refurbished one and more importantly one with a perfect screen. All at no cost to me. I can happily say I've been a very happy Apple owner of only for the amazing service I always seem to get. "I guess I'm accustomed to NYC and the vast amount of employees willing to help out when you walk in an Apple store!!  One of the guys working there looked at me and my friend and quickly looked away (Ha! Ha!).  Another guy ended up helping me and was very pleasant and efficient in getting me in and out.  I missed place my charger for my MacBook Pro.  Bought a new one and with the suggestion of the guy who helped me The employees walk around with a sense of superiority over everyone else. Relax you work at a retail store just because it's An Apple Store dosent mean anything your still a scrub at a store. Ok moving on horrible service they stand around talking while people wait to be helped. Just do yourself a favor and don't come here I will be switching to a galaxy after my 6s. I will definitely be back! Thanks for the help! You guys rock!"  but got an excellent product demo on the new iPad from an employee - lots of new things I didn't know.  My purchase was quick and easy."  but you'll leave much later than you'd expect."  I examined my computer and saw that the metal next to the black rotating part of the laptop fold had been gauged upwards from when the screen was replaced. This is ridiculous. I am definitely not ever coming back to the Biltmore location again!!!" Thank you Taylor for great customer service." "I'm a teacher and went to this Apple Store location with plans to invest in a new MacBook Pro since my current on is several years old. When I told the employee working with me that I was a teacher  but i still had to wait multiple hours. WTF is going on here. Why can't one of the employees help? What are they there for? Whatever you do She did suggest resale option though!" Worst customer service experience ever. Saddened and disappointed." emails basically anything. Most frustrating process of having an inoperative phone and no one able to assist.  Will deal with any one other than them in the future." I scheduled an appointment in advance to have an iphone looked at and experienced unprofessional and disorganized customer service. We ended up walking out before getting my phone looked at. Very disappointing that people can not even manage a calendar.  which will be $299."" He didn't even test things out (my touchscreen on my iphone stopped working) just immediately jumped into me getting a new phone. I honestly deserve a new free phone with the horrible service they gave me and my friend who also needed help with her phone. I would give them 0 stars if i could because they were so useless and did NOTHING to help. All they wanted was more freaking money" l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg  no one has acknowledged me and there are 10 apple employees on the floor either looking lost or talking to each other. What ever happened to efficiency and customer service?????" "Had a 5:50 appointment that took me 30 minutes on the phone to make because the woman (Olivia) who took my appointment info in person yesterday must not have entered my correct email because I never received an alert for yesterday's appt. So l5vzFaqSjvxZiRn0MJeKkg Sorry apple and apple biltmore.  You're both just  and talked to a rep for only five. Since my problem was not as easy fix I didn't deserve to be helped. Also didn't deserve advice on where else to go. Coincidentally when I called the managers name was also Aaron. I told him about my experience and he told me he would follow up. I just hope the rep Aaron finds a new job soon Excellent customer service!!!"  this is definitely the apple you should go to!" ncbPwUlEZ0DxRwIoiCMSgQ  and young people who still see the good in people...I appreciate that!"  the store manager had me stay in the front of the store and opted to tell me the item I was looking for was sold out. I won't be finding myself coming to this store anytime soon. Huge thumbs down."  never to return again.  Now I know why this place is always empty (even on weekends) and why they only have four parking spaces (two of which are used by employees).  They only get two stars because I didn't receive any attitude from the staff and the place is clean.  Take my advice If you must use one of these stores I recommend the Camelback loction & if you need to sell your phone Called to check and see if they had a particular phone.  It was like I was interrupting their nap.  They could barely be bothered to talk on the phone.  Horrible. Horrible.  Stay away from this place.  and you know how I like a free 'droiding :-)" "Sold me the world's worst phone without telling me the Droid was comming out in 2 weeks. Stuck with a Samsung SEGA for another 6 months. Does all tech stuff great. Sucks as a phone. Can't hear a86O40QjwMxqaQYo9ZBM3Q  I'd go so far as to suggest I hate them - but the service here as actually outstanding from the moment I walked in the door until the time I left.  Worked with a young man named Preston who set up my new phone  and they even gave us a discount for our patience along with a pretty substantial discount for the phones we were turning in. Juan was the manager that night and he was fun "The customer service at this place is awful. I waited for 15 minutes before I was put on a waiting list to wait even longer. Then on the waiting list  terrible customer service. Wanted nothing to do with me since all I needed was a phone case. Probably could have upgraded my phone. Camelback location here I come."  kind and efficient. My new iPhone had to be ordered. When it came in I went back to Verizon to have it activated and set up. I asked specifically for Khloe. Again she was very friendly and knowledgeable and made the normally dreaded experience a pleasant one!" Horrible customer service. They seem to not understand the concept of a customer service desk for simple returns and exchanges and non-accounts related questions. All it takes is one customer service rep to be dedicated for minor small issues. The rest of the longer process questions can go through the normal process but find a way to get the quick ones out faster. This is just common sense waiting an hour in order to process a minute exchange was ridiculous.  but you guys went from being my favorite store to me just making my purchase from Amazon online. Your smart mouth sales person at the door "I've had some problems in the past with this place's  customer service but I went here the other day and its improved but there is still a long way to go. I was expecting to wait around 20 minutes to be helped but I was helped in about 10 minutes. Even though I was at the store for 3 hours My husband and I both upgraded and received great customer service from JR. We went to upgrade his phone and then upgraded mine because it was so fast. Great service :)  he said go ahead and that the new company would be able to take over our numbers!  Wow.  The funny thing is when i called the main Customer Service center about another issue i had with this store a couple of weeks ago they told me this store sucks and they get so many complaints about it.  I suggest if you want to stay with Verizon to pick a different store." We waited for over an hour and a half for associate Gina to stop smacking her gum and flirting with customers just to get a replacement phone that we had already ordered. She was so dumb and did not seem like she knew what she was doing. Kept walking away when we needed answers to questions and gave us two wrong customer service numbers. Super unimpressed and aggravated with the service we got. Makes us think twice about having this phone service. Too many problems with this store to list and I'm not the only one! The reviews speak for themselves. POOR SERVICE AT BEST!"  answered the phone and told me to just come into the store instead because he couldn't promise that my In store pick would be ready but the store could process a new order. I was very irritated as I had gone through the entire checkout process but needed to catch a flight so rushed over to the store. I waited for 20 minutes before Greg came to assist me. I told him I knew exactly what I wanted so this should be quick. He returned with my new phone and a screen protector which I never even asked for and he added it on to my transaction as if I had to purchase it. After he input my account info he asked for a signature which at that point I asked what insurance he selected. He never asked me and again defaulted to what he thought I should have. I said please change it to the one I wanted. He began loudly questioning me as to why I didn't want the coverage he selected. I was beyond irritated at this point and rolled my eyes at his aggressive behavior. At that point he lost his mind and started yelling at me that I would be without a phone with my insurance for 3 days and  made a comment about me rolling my eyes. It was actually scary  pushy and exspensive.  Sadly they have the best cell coverage around."  and he was so helpful and friendly that I felt compelled to write a review. I would venture to say that in all the years I've been going to Verizon for my cell services  change from the two year contract to the new Verizon 6 GB plan and I want to have $300 credited towards our purchase for the new phones OR I'll accept a statement credit. That's it."  some thing are good and some things need work. The managers in this store are fast food employees that need to be taught that we  it's a high pressure commission based environment.   Once they have your money and you under contract they could care less about helping you with anything.  Tech Supprt at 611 is worthless for any real problems and they send you to a store to sell you stuff you don't need.  Verizon sucks but they are all pretty much the same." Verizon has to do something about the morons supposedly managing this store. I agree with the comment made earlier that they are fast food caliber at best. When I asked the manager for his name he literally took his hand and hid his name - too afraid to let me know. The good news is everyone saw the kind of 'disservice ' they deliver at this store.  Customers and staff alike. Avoid this place if at all possible. 2 trips; 2 nightmares. "I went in yesterday to trade in my phone for a new iPhone 6S Plus.  Ali helped me (with backup from Theresa the manager).  The team work in the store was evident with the manager backing people up.  Ali was competent I won't be renewing my contract." "great customer service by Troy. We moved from a blackberry to a galaxy S7 and Troy was very helpful explaining everything and the new plan we qualified for is GREAT! Part of the plan includes a Samsung tablet  as I will still return for more abuse in the future." Great customer  service. Omar was very nice and helpful. They  took their time and helped me with the purchase  of my phone. I would definitely  recommend  them. "Every time...every time we get a new smartphone (we have five on our plan) something gets screwed up.  Last time it screwed up my husbands work email when I got a new phone (go figure) and made him look bad for his clients who contact him via email.  Lots of time wasted figuring out what was going wrong.  This time  but he was really open in letting me know the dirt on all the phones. He also serviced my phone himself right in front of me in a about ten minutes. For this location this is a OH MY GOD moment because usually it's taken to the back room to some techie  the crazy lady next to us was entertainment.  I was very VERY happy with my experience here." It looks like I'm just going to pay the fees to get out of contract. You win Sprint It's best to avoid this store."  none of the phone providers out there are perfect.  You have to invest your time and money to find out what's good and what's not.  Good luck!"  he is super helpful!!" Definitely top notch service!" Sprint might want to have knowledgible employees when it comes to Apple if they're going to be dealing with iPhones. Guess I'll head over to the Apple Store for help tomorrow. Sprint and their employees are useless." Sprint salesman are worse then used car sales man. It took me 3 MONTHS to close my case with them.  3 MONTHS I DEALT with their customer service.  They even ""lost"" 2 of the brand new phones I turned back into them that I paid restocking fees for.  In the end I went through a lot of headaches and stress (countless hours) and would not recommend you buying at this Kiosk or obtaining their service." DISGUSTED... NEVER AGAIN..."  the assistant manager finally took care of the issue and waived the activation fee. Rude employees. Raymond kept referring to me as ""bro"". Clearly the employees didn't like the fact that they didn't get commission on this transaction. This store sucks!!!!Waited 45 minutes for my damn free phone."  there are some pretty cool phones.  I don't have one though.  I have a phone that's positively archaic - almost 2 years old.  SO old.  One day I'll get a fancy one  however my phone died after two days.  Jayson & his staff truly earned gold stars for their hard work and patience in getting my phone problems resolved.  It too a couple visits and plenty of time on their part I went home and with one click I bought a new phone and a new plan and with another click I cancelled T-Mobile."  waited for an hour and no one cared to service you. Very rude staff I went in 2 days in a row last week because I kept having issues with my phone. Ruayly was extremely helpful with our family. He knew exactly what he was doing. Luckily I got him both days in a row. All the employees were so nice and patient with us. We are definitely coming back to this store if I have any other issues or complications. Thank you guys! 