Got home and miraculously changed the battery with ease! Very thankful for this Batteries Plus location making the process simple." I went to this store looking for a hard to find mobile phone battery. They did have the battery and because of the great customer service I also bought a battery for my car! Great service and the sales person installed my car battery on the spot. I'm very impressed with this location and I'll definitely return for my battery needs.  and pro-customer service. I am very impressed. He deserves some serious kudos. Thank you!!!"  and with service with a smile. It made my day - thanks they explain your options and quality levels there fully charged and have always been in stock  it was ready to go. The employees were awesome. I couldn't ask for a better experience."  they'll take your used electronics and recycle them to Strut and Westech.  Other than that amazing and awesome convenience "These guys are awesome! Had a technical failure with a BMW remote key access and they provided a solution  and their prices are just right. Where else can you get your car's auto entry lock checked and installed for less than $5." It's nice to know that there is a place where you can usually get something that you need that is not carried by many other places.  They even will replace your iPhone battery!  Of course they sell more than just batteries we also have a great selection of lightbulbs.  I also bought a 6 V trickle charger while I was there. I highly recommend Batteries Plus Bulbs anytime you need a battery or bulb."  the vibe here was pretty negative. I get a feeling like the staff doesn't really want any business.  On one occasion I was in to purchase 4 small rechargeable batteries "If it has a battery and you need one just go to Batteries Plus. They have it and if they don't you don't need it.  Don't waste your time driving around to other places looking for a battery - save time  you should give them a call.  And even if that's all you think you want - if you're in the area you might want to go by because based on what kind of product you're using it for I even asked for a good place to eat...such a Yelper."  was less than 2 years old and only needed a recharge.  In conclusion...Batteries Plus will rip off your grandma.  Beware of the bait and switch." "These guys are great....they have every battery you could possibly want from watch batteries to laptop batteries....and all for great prices. I went in the other day to get a laptop battery after finding one online through my wife's employee discount purchase program for 101.00. However since I don't really like to wait on things....I went to this locale to see how much it would cost because I knew they had it. The battery originally cost 100.00 bucks but when I told the guy behind the counter about the deal I got online....he sold me the brand new battery for 89.00....with a one year warranty to boot. So I left the store with battery in hand....one year warranty...and a big smile on my face. Eat They had the battery in stock so it was much more convenient." Thank you Batteries Plus....Job well done." I would recommend this place if you are in search of a battery for your various needs." Great neighborhood location to recycle batteries.  fast service and I left happy. They found what I needed in a matter of seconds!"  called me back as promised on time and  with no extra charge."  but lately I was having trouble getting there before closing time. This place is open til 8pm on weekdays and 7pm on Saturdays!  Even 10-5pm on Sundays!!  This is great news." Called this store Sunday after my car would not start.  I talked to a salesperson named Josh.  I told him I was having car trouble and wanted to buy a battery for my car as well as have them install it.  He would not sell me a battery or promise that they could do any install on Sunday as there were only 2 people working that day. With service departments closed I stressed that I really needed their help and could not afford to be stranded.  Josh refused to help me and insisted that I take it to a dealership for service as my battery was probably under warranty. I stressed because it was a Sunday I did not care about a warranty.   I just wanted to buy and have a new battery installed.  This salesperson refused to help me.  Having owned my own business for many years I thought the owner of this location would like to know that they lost a sale due to the  lack of initiative and willingness to help by this staff member.  then you select the store nearest you and check stock. Then you arrive there to purchase the battery and they tell you they DO NOT HONOR THE INTERNET PRICES. When the internet site directs you to a store they should honor the price." Went here on Sunday to get batteries for our car remote and garage door opener. Took about 2 minutes total. The sales associate was super friendly and efficient. Will be coming back here in the future as needed.  and my only complaint is it once wasn't installed correctly and my car shut down dangerously while I was driving in a parking lot later that day. Other than that he said no problem I can fix all three and be ready in three hours" "Big thanks to Mike and his staff at this location! I called and asked for a particular battery  they helped several customers on the phone as well as (of course) the walkins. One recurring theme; know the model # of your laptop (or other battery powered appliance)."  new battery in my work truck and system checked within 15 minutes "Called this store last Saturday to confirm that they still had the old electronics recycling program.  Was told to ""Bring it in"". Since I live 24 miles away I drove to the store on Sunday to recycle an old PC and purchase 3 batteries and some bulbs. I was greeted by Josh who told me their bins were full and they were not accepting any materials . When I informed Josh that I made a long trip as a result of the phone conversation the prior day he said I shouldn't have been told that. He got very combative and rude. So I left the store without making any purchases I did give this store another chance and was glad that I did. Josh was very cordial and took care of a battery replacement. Good inventory and very professional. Just goes to show that anyone can have a bad day. All is well! Perfect Place to get the *Hard To Find* Battery. Nice enough staff to help me. Quick & Easy. 