Excellent Service and Great to Work With." "I was referred to Orion Mortgage after having difficulty getting a mortgage through a big name bank because they would not loan money on the house we wanted because of title issues related to a previous short sale on the house we wanted.  The issues were very common for the area because of the recent economic downfall.  Brian at Orion Mortgage used his resources to investigate the issues and explain the issues to one of his lenders so that we could get the house of our dreams.  Not only did he get this done Yr3PHmZwZYqn9YIZQ0ekWw  and strive to exceed their customer's expectations.  I would not hesitate to recommend Orion Mortgage to anyone looking to finance a new purchase or refinance an existing home loan.  They will not be disappointed!"  I would recommend his company for your mortgage needs without any hesitation. He is well versed with the industry  I got personal and expedient attention from everyone at Orion Mortgage. They helped turn what can be a stressful and difficult process into an easy and exciting one."  coupled with their inherent sense of urgency to resolve whatever was in my path to closing on a mortgage.  My case was anything but textbook but Orion knocked it out of the park "Hands down the best mortgage company around! From the moment you walk in the door they go out of their way to welcome you and make you feel like you are number one priority. Working with Brian made our first home buying process a breeze! Brian was able to make things happen that other companies could not. He's very honest and doesn't try to beat around the bush about anything! Not only is Brian great but the entire staff is as well! Everyone is on the ball and keeps you updated as things happen rather than wondering or not knowing what's going on! They are great at answering all your questions "Working with Joe and Karen at Orion Mortgage was an excellent experience.  They are top notch communicators and very knowledgeable about many different types of loans and products.  Orion Mortgage had a portal type system that was updated frequently.  With this system  I appreciated Brian Yampolsky's advice and support throught the process of securing my loan. He secured a quality lender with the rate that I sought and orchestrated a great deal in regards to my closing costs. Brian referred me to my realtor and lent support to us throughout the purchasing process. He was accessible This is the second time my husband and I have worked with them and each time has been so easy. I recommend Orion to anyone I know that needs a loan.  Joe at Orion was always very responsive and sensitive to our needs.  We closed on time and are now enjoying our new home!" "Thank you to the Orion team.  Joe was fantastic to work with from the beginning and helped me more than he knows.  His team is great to work with and explains everything that needs to be done.  With much sincerity and gratitude  fearing the home loan process. Brian made it smooth and simple. He was fantastic and easy to deal with. He made the process as painless as possible. I give Brian and Orion Mortgage Corp the highest possible praise. If you are in the market for a home "I worked with Brian and his fantastic team while purchasing my first house. Brian and his team were wonderful to work with: they answered all of my questions and were incredibly responsive to emails and phone calls. Given this was my first house purchase Joe and his team at Orion provided us with excellent service and a seamless transaction.  They went above and beyond more than once and kept us informed along the way.  I will call them again on my next deal. I had the pleasure of working with Joe at Orion when refinancing my home. He and his team were extremely helpful and made the process very straight forward. I obtained a great mortgage and everyone was so friendly and a joy to work with. I highly recommend Joe and Orion Mortgage. Brian and his team were great. They went out of their way to find us the best rates and made sure the process was as painless as possible. I would work with them again in a heartbeat. "What a great experience. I was expecting the loan process to be a painful and time consuming endeavor. Joe and his team handled everything in a prompt and professional manner Joe and his team worked above and beyond to get us into the home of our dreams. Our situation was unique and Joe did everything possible to make sure things worked out for us. Also our realtor and title agency were pleasantly surprised with Orion as it was both of their first times working with them. Compliments all the way around! We will be forever grateful for their help and support!  but when it was all said and done it was roughly $500.00 over the amount. when I called S__tt he tried to tell me I must have written the quotes incorrectly. He told me he'd look into it and call me back. Never heard from him again. Yep Communication was horrible. I asked from the very beginning what my cost were going to be and I got an amount. From that point on it I felt that every time they talked to me that number got larger and larger. I had multiple expenses that i had to pay for with very short notice. Contact between my lender and I was nonexistent. He would say I would get a call from him and they never happened. I gave him the benefit of the doubt several times knowing that he may be busy or it maybe because of the holidays but it NEVER improved. It's nothing personal it is just not the way I would handle a relationship between a client and myself. My closing date changed and no one bothered to tell me or inform me why. I had to send out a very blunt and strongly worded email on Christmas Day because no one seemed to care about me and my first home purchase. I've worked in real estate industry before so I get what it's like. I understand things happen and things change last minute. It is just they way things will go sometimes but not returning a call text or email for several days is simply unacceptable. With technology today it's not hard to simply respond with a quick answer saying that you will get back to someone and then actually follow through with it. The Freeman Team was recommended to me by my realtor (who by the way was amazing) and I've shared with him in detail my experience and how I would not recommend him for other clients. There are so many examples of things that went wrong that could have been avoided or at least give me more of a notice before I had to do something. I felt bad for Jonathan for having to break bad news to me over and over again for things like something is going to cost more money or the appraisal had to be paid for up front and it's not going to be billed to escrow like I was told it I have to take an 8 hour online class (which of course cost more money) and only have 24 hours to do it. I was just going to let this go but I have been getting an email every day for the past 5 days asking me to give my feedback so I guess they really wanted it. So here it is!!! In a nut shell the communication was so bad I don't know if the ""Senior Loan Officer"" actually did any work besides send me automated email that get sent out to everyone when they have reached certain points in the loan. The last week of closing I honestly wanted to throw my hand up in the air and walk way from buying the house. Had I'd been able to do so without losing out on a lot of money and of course the legal binding contract I signed to purchase my new home I would have. No one deserves service like this and if someone thinks that they can provide this wonderful level of service and get away with it then they have another thing coming to them. I want to stress that I have no personal issues with anyone who was involved and I am grateful for the help that I did get. I simply just feel that there are a lot of other people out there who would work a lot harder for a lot less. Jonathan and Cami you were great and thank you again for all your support" 