No one bothered helping us : ( OMG! Avoid this place at all cost! Been here over and over an have had nothing but great service.   Helped me with my helmet and Scala with no hassle at all.  the prices are competitive and the staff has been friendly and helpful. What more could you ask?" Horrible customer service.. I pulled into the parking lot at 7:55 when they close at 8pm. The man inside ran over and locked the door right in front of me when all I needed was an oil filter for my bike and would have taken 5 mins or less. I know they lost at least one customer as ill be going back to north valley Honda and I hope many more do as well after reading this review.  tee shirt at the helmet store on 35th ave. I can walk to cycle gear from my house and drove out of my way and spent good $$$ at a place way more deserving than cycle gear. I'm not sure because I'm a female or because I didn't come in on my bike. Either way it's inexcusable."  decided that he could warranty them and found a replacement set of boots in my size. All within about 20 minutes.   Since I started riding motorcycles "I've read the reviews and agree with some.  I went to the phoenix location on Cave creek road.  Drove there from 90 miles away on a Sunday when they were scheduled to open at 10.  The worker was waiting outside due to the manager needing to come in and open and being about 1 hour away.  Needless to say I was pretty miffed.  When the store did open around 11 ish Jenn went the extra mile and a true asset to this company with added humor along the way. Thank you and I will continue to use Cycle Gear for my future purchases." I took my son to the store to buy his first helmet. Like me he has a hard to fit head. We did measurement of his head before so at least we had a place to start. My 11 year old son was finicky and tried on many helmets before finding the one he wanted. The staff that helped me was patient and answered all my questions as I needed. He was not pushy but followed our lead and was there whenever we needed him. They were pleasant to deal with. We will defiantly go back. This is the second helmet we've  bought from this store.  takes forever. Am I really going to shove something into a backpack that's fastened to my back? No other stores have ever asked me to remove my backpack ever I knew for under $200 I wasn't getting the greatest modular Bluetooth helmet It will be interesting to see what happens to this store now that they have a new owner who also owns Revzilla." 