 I don't think I'll ever return. Their prices and selection are pretty decent  I guess it's a good place if you wanna grab a used bike or know exactly what you want. If you're looking to broker a new bike Stopped in to see about an oil change. They got my bike in immediately and were very happy to answer questions and even teach me a little about how to do it myself. Ended up buying a new pair of gloves too for a great price. I will be back! I dropped my bike off for an oil change after calling ahead of time (11am). They told me there was no one ahead of me for service. I called back at the end of the day only to be told my bike couldn't get looked at until the next day! When I questioned as to why my oil change wasn't done if they didn't have other services ahead of mine  and it was leaking oil.  They had the bike for almost two weeks and we were both relieved to finally have it back...the day we picked it up was the day we had to bring it back JcjuBWVWWtMWYPR5avA6Sg * An apology when service is lacking goes a really long way"  because he is very knowledgeable and makes sure you go home with the right parts.  One late Friday afternoon they did not have the one tiny part I needed. We had already checked with the dealership down the road  got my part and told me to come back the next day and pay!!!!! Yipppeeee... I came back the next day and Paid... As Instructed.... That was the clencher... They didn't have to do that... They barely knew me Good job guys finally found a bike shop I can trust!" Get knowledgeable staff who's always willing to help."  and have a lot of their own cool stuff like shirts/stickers/hats and this great HD light kit I just purchase for my Dyna. They put on awesome parts swap meets where you can get ridiculously good deals on new and used parts. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I've never used the service department I would come back to this dealership in a minute if I needed anything else"  this one is the bomb! History museum beats out all others and showroom is brilliant and modern. Great staff and cordial. Expect to pay retail."  they didnt even take the time to clean the bike before I picked it up. Just lazy and bad form in my opinion. Other wise a solid dealership with a great selection and very cool bike museum." Hint: AZ doesn't make you pay sales tax on private sales and lots of people buy brand new Harley's only to never ride them and sell them two years later at a discount with almost no miles... just saying." Always get pretty good service from the parts guys here.  I like this place waaaay better than Arrowhead Harley Davidson..  This is my go to spot when I want to overpay for HD branded gear. There was a lot of paint chips and crud that came off on my finger. Theydidn't even have the sense to wipe the inside of the neck clean. No telling how much crud went down into the gas tank. I thought to my self "I'm from out of town and I always make a point to visit a local Harley dealership. I wasn't disappointed. The employees are friendly. The museum is just short of remarkable compared to Barber's in Birmingham  I am trying to get a bike because I have always had a love for bikes. I grew up dreaming of having the money to buy my own brand new Harley. So I go in and I asked the salesman about a trade just to see what they will give me. The guy takes pictures of the truck and compliments me on having a really nice truck  this Filippino fucker that works there. He'll help you find the perfect ride."  by the way what is your engine work warranty that i had to bring my bike back and pay $65 for?? The manager said ""90 days"". REALLY 90 FREAKING DAYS???? For motor work at a factory authorized Harley Davidson dealer??? WOW! Never ever again will Buddy Stubbs see my money! Choose wisely people and do not use Buddy Stubbs! Atleast until new management do not even consider them. Bad work and terrible management! I have so much more to say but would like to remain professional and keep it simple. Again (2) service guys are great This is why we shop online guys. Batteries are usually the exception Buddy Stubbs is a great place to have work done on your bike. I had them put a stage 4 kit in my Dyna Wide Glide and I had a couple of issues and they took care of it for me no questions asked and even included a couple of things. This is a great place to go and I would trust them thoroughly. If you're going to have service done talk to Joe or Matt they are great. Thanks guys good job my bike has tons of power and runs like a champ. Hope you liked the pizza. Thanks again Well since my last visit I must say without Joe behind the service counter the place is changed for the worse Joe is a great guy to work with and it seems to me understands people's problems a lot more than the guys that are at buddy Stubbs service counter now. FYI Joe now works at Chester's Harley Davidson they will get my business.  was repeatedly lied to about how long they would take to get completed. After all the screw arounds they used air tools to put my engine back together causing a heavy duty bolt head to snap off. They of course denied any wrong doing or mistakes. Recently an acquaintance took his bike there for a full fluid change  no hassle and no BS. Everyone we dealt with at the dealership was a pleasure to deal with "Spent over 20 min in there. Store is not crowded whatsoever. Hubby is interested in buying a bike. Passed numerous sales people and staff. No one ever acknowledged us. No one ever asked us if we needed any help or if they could help us find anything. As a matter of fact Do not waste your time with these knuckle dragging apes. Filing with the BBB and Harley about these oversights." This is why they should be rated less than 1 star!"    battery dies on my bike...  I managed to get my scooter over to Buddy Stubbs on Cave Creek. .. Richard T from service took care of me... in and out with a new battery 30 minutes INCREDIBLE. Thanks Richard."  their knowledge of Harley products is great. Talk to Chris in service department for answers to your questions. When other dealers in town put a premium on certain bikes Buddy has always sold their bikes at sticker." I spent my money on a new 2015 Monster 1200S and did so without being belittled by some low life."  but all the benefits of a big store. Always have beautiful inventory and are willing to make the deal work.  I enjoy everyone and love doing business with this great group of people." "Javier in the parts department is a stand-up gentleman. He spent quite a bit of time with me to identify a wire connector for a Softail fuel gauge. He came to the same conclusion that I did when I decided to go to the dealer. Wrong part numbers were given by Harley Davidson MoCo for the part. He was as astounded as I was! Javier is an asset to this Harley Dealership even though he was unable to resolve the part issue. He tried real hard and is extremely polite. I've been riding Harleys for nearly 23 years and I am becoming increasingly frustrated with the Harley brand. Hopefully Victory and Indian motorcycles will force Harley MoCo to go from a C game to an A game. With guys like Javier in the mix  Terminal is working.  He rings me up and I leave  he checked every piece of chrome for damage and reviewed operations before setting us on our way. He even had some route suggestions. Have rented at a lot of dealerships across the USA / I definitely recommend Buddy Stubbs if you are in the area. .........Jesse was a rock star!!" "In 3x during Bike Week. Wife and I dealt with Beth on separate transactions - she wouldn't know customer service if it sat down beside her. Miserable cow! Robin was wonderful  we also got great advice on eats! It's a Harley store...they are all uniquely the same. It's the people and conversation that really matter! Every HD dealership has great people THE WORST HARLEY DEALER IN PHOENIX !  I wish Harley Davidson would pull there license! For being in business so long you would think by now they would know how to treat people AND THEIR EMPLOYEES. BUYER BEWARE ! EMPLOYEES get NO discounts on bike purchases and if they buy a bike from another harley dealer BUDDY STUBBS FIRES THEM !!!  TOTAL SCUMBAGS ! sUWqFqlfmVt7_Wl7CxekMQ Amanda and Rhonda were super helpful and had amazing customer service" 