The only negative thing is that most of the bikes in the yard have been picked clean  and I'd have it no other way. The folks there are helpful and they don't beat around the bush.  They've got two barns full of parts  they have a huge graveyard of bikes in the back. I needed to replace the seat lock on my '73 Honda Big thanks to Steve and Wade brought two custom built  Harley motors up last week. Had both bikes custom mapped on the dynojet 250i (awesome tool wish my shop had one) after several hours of tuning we pulled a 103 HP and 111 TQ  out of the McCutchin Motorsports 103 kit. With very linear torque curve this build will rock any hd on the streets. Thanks for the great tune guys. Second bike was a prowler 106 build that pulled 102 HP and 107TQ we'll be back in spring with some new heads and bigger throttle body (via steves recommendation)  to unleash the full potential of the prowler 106. Thanks guys you rock keep up the good work. Power commanders ROCK !!!!!!  and notified them of my situation. They confirmed that Suter's Speed Shop is in fact a licensed dealer (as listed on google search). Given that they are a licensed dealer and the bike was advertised and sold under the business. Suter's by Wisconsin State Statute 139.04 subsection (6) should have provided a Wisconsin Buyers Guide detailing the inspection of the bike. In addition to the Buyers Guide  Mike the owner was honest and to the point and replaced our blower motor for AC lickety split for this upcoming HOT weekend-got us our vehicle back the same afternoon." I have been going there for years. If you need anything they will do it for you. I had them rewire my 72 mustang from head light to tail light and they did a great job. They are not quick but they are always extremely busy. Oh! And efficiently fast!" "Iron Horse has worked on 2 of my Harley's and did a great job every time.  They have a lot of experience with anything to do with an American twin.  I bought a new Road Glide and Nathan gave me a lot of helpful advice on which way to go with the cams QEAW6_hLcpjjYGM2EB-eCA Nathan and his crew are top notch! They treat you and your bike like family and go out of their way to make sure you ride away happy! He works on both Harley's in the family and treats even the smallest issue with the utmost care!  and it was leaking oil.  They had the bike for almost two weeks and we were both relieved to finally have it back...the day we picked it up was the day we had to bring it back JcjuBWVWWtMWYPR5avA6Sg * An apology when service is lacking goes a really long way"  because he is very knowledgeable and makes sure you go home with the right parts.  One late Friday afternoon they did not have the one tiny part I needed. We had already checked with the dealership down the road  got my part and told me to come back the next day and pay!!!!! Yipppeeee... I came back the next day and Paid... As Instructed.... That was the clencher... They didn't have to do that... They barely knew me Good job guys finally found a bike shop I can trust!" Get knowledgeable staff who's always willing to help."  and have a lot of their own cool stuff like shirts/stickers/hats and this great HD light kit I just purchase for my Dyna. They put on awesome parts swap meets where you can get ridiculously good deals on new and used parts. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I've never used the service department 