 but hopefully now all you reading this will know to stay far far away from this company!! Think I'm kidding look at the pictures...." HORRIBLE....Better Business Burea next step."  but luckily I had a friend to stay with. I told the local Graebel office I wanted a partial refund of the move price and was given the run around. I have filed a complaint with the Charlotte Better Business Bureau. Wish I would have checked Yelp first and wish I would have used the other company I got an estimate from."  and they arrived in Boston when they said they would. Only a few things were damaged but they had been packed poorly by us. Customer service was awesome as well. This service costs more than if you drove a truck yourself but less than hiring movers "Couldn't have gone smoother! We are so grateful for the U-Pack team in Madison! The driver was very friendly and easy to work with. They did an excellent job parking and all of our things arrived in one piece.  Loved that the unit included tools to get the job done  thanks to their awesome transportation system.  They even have kneeling buses for wheelchair dependent citizens.  The schedules and maps are easy to follow "The mass transit system in Champaign-Urbana is actually really good! You can get almost anywhere by the bus! The 22 is the most used bus which will take you anywhere on campus that is in the most traveled area...Green St.  but it does not come close to succeeding. I realize the challenges are vastly more difficult  Chambana MTD for getting me where I need to go all the time Public transportation is being suspended in observance of a religious holiday.   Are you freakin' kidding me?  Sorry to all of you who rely on the MTD to get to work  so be sure to choose a bus that arrives to your destination a few minutes early.  At least the MTD buses are free to students."  if you live on campus you are never more than 2-3 blocks from a bus.  Just don't make the mistake of getting on the wrong bus and having to ride for an extra 30 min because you got on the wrong way :)  Also My only complain is that sometimes the rides are too crowded."  who is probably the kookiest conversationalist of a bus driver I've ever met. Every ride with him was fun They showed up within half an hour of when they said they would for delivery  helpful and punctual. They wrapped all my furniture and packed it carefully. We had only 1 broken item which was a metal shoe rack. Great movers and i will use them again"  but only after about 4 months of waiting. my sense is that these damage reimbursements are built into the initial cost of the move  and diligently. When we got to Atlanta the guys moved everything into place. And to make matters even better we had a rogue car park in front of our house and the movers still walked and moved the extra distance without over charging us. Will totally use them again!" "I'll echo what another reviewer said: 1 star is 1 too many. After two hours the movers never showed. First I was told they had picked up another ""quick job"" at MY SCHEDULED TIME and would be an hour late. One hour later they're still a no-show  or some company which actually exhibits a bit of professionalism." Very unhappy and unsatisfied customer." "Two Men And A Truck made my move as seamless as it could be.  I moved the day before Thanksgiving and they were available which was great.  They arrived on time We had planned to also use this company for my partner's move in two weeks but  I think we could have left the house and gone to the new place a few hours later just to tell them where to put the heavy furniture. Great job Anyway... I cannot thank my movers enough for their help."  they never did charge us (because we had done nothing wrong) and we ended up with a much better company (Camelback Movers) for a lower rate."  however I didn't want to bother with the issue anymore so I told him it was fine. I will listen to the reviews more closely the next time I move and avoid this business like the plague."  one of which I have used in the past (hint they have a 4.5 star rating with over 100 excellent reviews - they're in the CAMELBACK area) that I was extremely happy with.  The only reason I didn't use them for this move is that they said they have a minimum charge for a job and that it would not make sense for me to pay that to move just one item.  In other words they were honest." I would give this company 10 stars if possible! Thank you everyone who helped us from beginning to end of this process. It made our move so much easier! I will highly recommend to everyone!" I would definitely recommend them! 10/10" The first time we used Davis they were fine.  I think they may have been sold after that because the last time we used them they were pretty bad.  They broke several items and made the process to get repairs done impossible.  The lady there was very curt and obnoxious.  We had items in storage that were delivered uncovered and filthy.  I would not recommend them at all.  none of the wrapping would have been done unless I asked the men to do it!  I even had to disconnect my own washer and dryer. They were slow unloading as well when we got to the destination.  After calling to complain about several things including the up charge I was told that they did not need complaining customers and to not contact them again. This is advertised as a Christian company complete with the ""God Bless"" on the receipt.  I can only surmise they are only planning to answer to a ""higher authority"" because from my point of view they sure could care less about their customers.  I feel my only recourse at this point will be to contact the BBB and possibly small claims court." LEPSr0mXqWocCtKyHrKRMw  and the bill was so reasonable I was happily surprised.  I just can't say enough good things about them.  You won't go wrong if you get them for your move." 