 but I have to say the part I loved best was the collection of cars. I've never seen so many antique vehicles in one place. Definitely makes it worth checking out. However. The location is a bit wacky. It's right outside of Wilkinsburg Don't forget to have tea here too.  It is wonderful and the service is impeccable!  You and your guests can easily spend a whole afternoon here!"  with good reason. Of course not all of the Frick Art collection consists of the Met's castoffs. There many portraits of insignificant nobility done by French court painters who had little talent. Just bec. art is old or expensive There is a lot to see and do at the Frick.  Get off your butts Pittsburghers and enjoy this place!" The house is amazing and moreso the car collection.  That is free...and a must-see.  Also is you like art don't miss the art collection."  and the art museum.   It was still worth visiting just for the old cars."  if nothing else - thumbs up for the ample free parking. As an out-of-towner "Very nice home and grounds.  I could not exactly say I am a fan of the owner or how he earned his money but I did appreciate how original the house and belongings are and how beautiful the grounds and buildings are.   Can you say Johnstown flood?  How about the Homestead strike?  Celebrating the extreme wealth of few on the backs of a billion who worked 16 hour days for nothing isn't exactly something I really love to do but I can appreciate beautiful art and architecture of which there is plenty to see here.  We toured Clayton (the home)  like history or the architecture or the building itself.  They focus on some family story that may only be of passing interest because the family is rich.  Kind of like hearing about Paris Hilton or the Kardashians.  B-o-r-i-n-g. And what kind of tourist attraction doesn't allow pictures?"  and they're perfect to while away some free time on a nice day." Say what you will about H. C. Frick (let's be real: the Johnstown Flood and handling of the Homestead Strike would have tarnished Mother Teresa's image) The only drawback to an otherwise perfect day was the chilly weather.  I had a new sundress I wanted to wear (and my mom still bemoans my tattoo)."  and the nearby Frick Park is a wonderful walk. It is quite a gem in the middle of this city. Didn't tour the Clayton (reservation needed)  I would recommend prioritizing A visit to Clayton and then to the other structures at the center. There is simply no comparison to Clayton."  a very enjoyable place to visit that I highly recommend to anyone because there really is something for everyone at Frick." "It's not large but it is a wonderful way to spend a couple hours on a nice afternoon.  Take in lunch at the cafe All in all just a nice place."  the food -- you can't forget the food. Our group had fruit and cheese and wine and spring rolls and mac & cheese and dessert and on and on. Having an elaborate picnic style dinner in a beautiful space while listening to music just feels like such a magical movie moment. I'm already counting down the days to the August concert!" Fish tacos were fantastic." The Degas exhibit is also on display right now so make sure to check that out too"  I would certainly be game for a Frick Mansion tour today." It was my first time visiting and I found it go be a very nice way to spend an afternoon  there was a rotunda in the middle with tapestries hanging just around the walls. There was a nice lady by the door who explained what was where and how we could get to the other places to view art house. She was incredibly informative. I definitely loved the exhibit and would recommend checking online for other features. I think their membership is really reasonable and it's a great way to get to know local things around Pittsburgh." The Frick is a super cool place I'm looking forward to returning with a larger group for another Friday and hopefully for one of the First Friday's when there is live music."  most of his work is displayed in New York. The family home contains many paintings of the family though. The Frick Art Museum has some of his collection and typically has a rotating exhibit as well. The car and carriage museum is an interesting step back in time as well with items ranging from old Lincolns and Rolls Royces to a winter sleigh. Photos are allowed in this area. There is also a cafe Looking forward to returning there to see the art gallery and take that Clayton house tour again. Would give 4 1 2 stars in my book."  which had a lot of cool stuff like clothing and White House China. the Heinz history part of the museum was pretty bad ass In my making of places I will visit when going to Pittsburgh the Carnegie Museum had to make the list. With the many hours spent in the adjacent library and the museum itself there is really no way I could not make time when I visit. I am not sure if what seemed like ominous dinosaur skeletons are still there or not but either way it will be a walk down memory lane to go.  docents are a reflection of the institution in which they volunteer  but this one was a bit of a disappointment. Major thumbs down to the museum for not notifying visitors ahead of time that the statue room was shut down for a private function during the day."  and one admission covers both. The fossilized dinosaur skeletons at the natural history museum are supposed to be amazing A visit to the Carnegie Museums is a must if you're interested in either art or history and worth the admission price."  but I'm usually tired after doing the whole history museum so I never get over to the art side.  I would recommend seeing the dinosaurs  it does include both the Natural History Museum and the Museum of Art.  To get your money's worth "the Carnegie museum of art has a rich history in the art world that most people would not even know or appreciate. the world renown international exhibitions are something worth making a trip to the museum for. this year's international was very solid in its curator's ability to bring lots of cool artists to the show and have a theme. these shows happen every 3 years as it takes them that long to plan a show of that caliber. the permanent collection is not bad considering it's Pittsburgh and not NYC. people are way to judgemental of cma's collection  adjacent to the museum.  There is paid parking next door to the Art museum.  Metered street parking is also available.  The museum is largely funded through the Carnegie Foundation None of the exhibits were too crowded (on a Sat!)  The museum also has a snack bar & vending area downstairs. Inexpensive and great to grab a quick bite to eat."  a worthwhile diversion on a larger scale than you'd expect in a city Pittsburgh's size My favorite part - the gigantic room with all the dinosaur skeletons and the last room in the art galleries with the modern art... there's a really neat blue painting with concentric circles  it is REALLY worth it to get a membership.  It gives you access to the two Oakland museums  there's a varied selection of modern and contemporary works  which is the only day that they are open until 8pm.  We were there for about two hours and that was NOT enough.  I was very impressed by the geology collection  the museums were both quite pleasant and not too crowded.  Well worth the student price of $11." I thoroughly enjoyed the time I spent here and would not hesitate to come here again. Highly recommended." EEuGTah-oEssSl3o6pK-ZQ what can you say? just have a lot of time to spend! because its soo packed with all sorts of great works and exhibitions! dont for get to take art classes! especially if you have children- there are a lot of things to do.  yeah - i was never the same." All in all I did not spend nearly as much time here as I could have and would have liked. I highly recommend this for anyone visiting Pittsburgh." Can't wait to see what's next on the list." but it is a very nice place. beautiful on the outside and many cool paintings and scultpures. quite resonable entrance fee. great location. they let you take photographs inside. it seems like it would be great for children." This is great way to spend a long afternoon and there's plenty to do in Oakland afterwards." If you receive public assistance you can get $1.00 admission for up to 4 people So this was a really powerful exhibit of an eclectic collection of jewelry.  I strongly recommend reading the accompanying book  personally I like to meander and find different things at different times. I was glad to see that I could definitely get lost here in different ways on different occasions. But no review about art and dinosaurs (natural history) is really going to cover everything the space has to offer "Pittsburghers need to be proud of such institutions. Darren and I came here early last month and were amazed. The Hall of Minerals and Gems is so pretty! A girl could get lost in there alone. I also liked the exhibit of watches as well as the butterfly displays. We didn't have enough time to go through the art museum too much Wasn't the best museum I've ever been to but was much better than most.  I lijed that there were many different features and lots of exhibits that you could touch.  Volunteers were knowledgable and friendly. With so much variety it would be very hard to not find something of interest. Liked it so much that I think I'm going to be a member. We will definitely keep our membership current as the years go on - it's timeless Of course it's no Philadelphia Museum of Art but hey The Carnegie Museum is certainly a Pittsburgh treasure to be enjoyed on many levels both as kids and adults. And based on our experience Carnegie International 2013 was trip! And to see CI from previous years...it was like a hot party that all the great ones are invited to!"  you will spend the whole day there!  A must-see if you're visiting Pittsburgh!" Awesome Dinos and terrific tour guides.  and that was 3 weeks ago. THREE WEEKS and i still dont have it. I live probably 30 minutes from the museum and could have driven there 63838484848485858 times by now and picked it up. Its just sooo unprofessional and annoying. They need to get their office together and deliver refunds in a timely manner. 7-10 business days are fine but 3 WEEKS is UNACCEPTABLE for it to not have even been MAILED YET. So dissapointed and will never use them again."  can you please tell me what day since leaving messages do not gain a response except to be contacted here on Yelp. Thank you."  hockey and salads with hidden french fries (tell me again why they do that?). You'll completely understand when you visit the Carnegie Museums."  I have spent so many hours wandering around the paintings and the amazing fossils!" This museum is definitely worth the trip twice for me!" There are tons of stuff for them to do.  There is also a nice variety.  Something for everyone.  Even my wife and I were entertained.  The price of admission was well worth it considering movies are about $10 for only 1-2 hours.  We were there for at least 5 hrs and it didn't even feel like it.  The best was there were activities that left you with free ""souvenirs"".  We left with various art creations that the kids made that were really cool."  in the sense that everything in kids' lives are sanitized and over protected.  Not this place.  They've left in enough potential hazards to make it very interesting." Beyond that there are always cool displays up in the rest of the museem. Bottom line: Great for adults and kids alike Lots of fun for kids - big and small.  Good place to spend a rainy afternoon! really great place to bring kids. brought my 2 year old here on vacation and she had a blast. Her favorite parts were the painting room and the water room. a must visit if you have kids.  but you can park on site for $5." We will visit so many more times. The staff is all very nice and helpful."  so things I saw are probably not there anymore.  But the interactive exhibits are all about participation.  If it peeked my interest The changing exhibits are great as well.  I like knowing that most times there is going to be something new for us to check out.  If you live in Pittsburgh and have young children seriously consider a membership. It is worth it!" "Affordable and fun. Our children (ages 4 and 2) absolutely love it! Although three hours away  I did find it very cool to see Mr. Rogers' puppets in the cases - never thought I'd see King Friday in person." q50tpzOkywkdHun3X52USg "A great time for grown-ups too!! I came here for a team-building event and was impressed with all the different interactive displays the museum offers. Also This place is amazing from top to bottom. 2 hours down we are still here. I have so many happy memories from this place A favorite museum! Art studio and other inquiry-based children's exhibits are a must-see! We would recommend this attraction to anyone visiting the Pittsburgh area with kids." Miss the ball room w  the music and disco ball. Please bring that back!!!"  and a membership is totally worth it if you will visit with two adults and one child 3x in one year; you even get reciprocal admission to many science and childrens' museums nationwide!"  but this would be a great place for birthday parties after I read their birthday brochure."  if an exhibit opens try to see it early. Simply because kids tear shit up. We went on the opening day of Clifford and by the final week props were missing and there were kid bite marks on Clifford's bones o.0 ." My favorite thing about this museum is the ""funhouse"" slide area. My nephew loves this slide and loves the anti-gravity feel when he is inside. It's too fun!" "Play time!! Brought the little man here for a day of fun and adventure. Walking in you are greeted with bright and inviting colors. We went over to the ticket area with a big sign that says HI (can't miss that) and got our tickets and of course did what most parents with young children do we headed to the bathroom. Next we went into the art room. My son headed right to the paint area. There are little aprons so children don't get paint all over there cloths. After clipping on a piece of paper my son proceeded to make his master piece. Once done we placed his artwork one of the drying racks. Then continued to a room that had sowing machines woodworking and several other stuff. This area my son (4) wasn't as into so we continued on but not before his dad connected on the electrical stuff together to turn on on the little lights and all the trinkets work. Next there was a little area with a slide and some other interesting stuff. It reminded me of the its a small world ride at Disneyland. Just a little creepy with all the dolls and such. The next room was my sons favorite!! There was a huge slide a parachute thing "Buy a membership!  Your kids will love this place.  We still haven't visited every section yet  for us it saved $54. The third floor is the place to be so remember to take your swimsuits along because the entire room is a water feature for the kids to play. The staff here were very friendly and considerate and helpful." Unfortunately we only got to spend a couple of hours on Black Friday here but we had a blast.  The art room on the first floor is so cool  It was my daughter's first art project and we got to take it home.  We rushed past some of the other exhibits displays activities but we got to play with lights and sand before going to the bunce zone.  My daughter had a blast throwing the ball around and playing with the magnetic track next door.  We will definitely schedule in for a longer day next time. -Gfj1gA0Ir07zToO-4fBpw -Gfj1gA0Ir07zToO-4fBpw  I was disappointed that there were no signs explaining the science behind the exhibits. How could they say they do school field trips when there is no explanation of what is being learned? We will not be back. We feel like our money was wasted."  and Seattle and now Pittsburgh.  I love how they all seem to embrace to norms and environment in which they're located.  I was really impressed with the amount of space in the Pittsburgh Children's Museum.  There is ample space and staff to accommodate lots of busy children and their parents.  The exhibits are really unique...  Very different than other museums.  I really "Our 3 year old absolutely loves the children's museum! We visit frequently. Bring a change of clothes shoes for the waterplay area! The food is a bit pricy and not too great And we love the photo booth in the cafe that prints 2 photo strips!"  even for me! We took our one year old and I was worried that there would not be much for him to do. But I was wrong. There were many things for him to put his little hands on and explore. There was even a while floor specifically geared towards toddlers. Awesome!" Wonderful museum for kids. My children have a great time every time! Worth it to get membership because the one day pass is really expensive. "One of the coolest places to take your children in the city! There is SO much to do and they routinely have new exhibits for your little ones to check out. May I recommend doing the arts and crafts room first So much fun!  My kids loved it.  They have a event room that you can rent out for weddings.  Great location.  We all had a great time! this place is big and Bella our little one loved every minute of our visit!!  but I'm really seeing the fun now that the kids are a little older!" Great day and adventure for children of all ages - only complaint is the price. $13 for a 3 year old?  How long can a young one stay out?  Would be much happier if the young kids were in the $7-$8 range.  but they allow you to bring your own lunch which not many places do anymore. The third floor has the water works  7 and 2 year olds loved spending time here and are anxious to go back. I highly recommend bringing a change of clothes or a bathing suit so the kids can really experience all the waterplay floor has to offer." "Decided to make the trek from Cleveland when I saw that Daniel Tiger was doing a meet and greet to mark the opening of the new Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood exhibit  NC to see the Body World exhibition at the local science museum I took the 20 minute drive up to the Carolina Raptor center.  The center rehabilitates birds of prey that have been injured with the hopes of returning them to the wild but the birds that cannot be returned are kept at the site and cared for in zoo-like aviaries.  The center affords the visitor an opportunity to learn about the birds and see them up close in a way that wouldn't be possible in the wild.  There are several types of falcons Please cal them if you ever find an injured raptor: 704-875-6521" Stop in for the mini-lecture for an up close view of some of the birds  intelligent displays educational interactions of birds of prey I have ever seen. I bring my friends and family here whenever they visit because it is that cool  hopefully sooner rather than later."  we just walked around to the different cages and checked out the other birds.  If you want to take pictures The birds were impressive and the bald eagle enclousure was great. A little pricey for small children.  and educational experience. Check out some cool looking birds while walking the trails and learn about these beautiful raptors. Great for kids and adults." I think this place was a once and done for me in that I had a good time the first time but I don't have particular motivation to go back. It was nice walking along the trail through the woods but I would consider wearing bug repellant because I left with a few bites (but I'm a mosquito magnet). It's definitely worth seeing this place  but a fun way to see the birds up close and appreciate the relationships between staff people and these interesting animals. A great way to spend a couple of hours in the (mostly shaded by beautiful forest) outdoors." Take your camera and treat yourself  in a beautiful wooded setting. There's also a very cool playground in the middle that my kids almost found more interesting than the raptors. A fun outdoor experience that also serves an important purpose." The entrance fee is $10 and the behind the scenes tour we took was $20 and well worth it. Our guide was a former teacher and was very enthusiastic and knowledgeable."  I have no complaints. The center appears to be well maintained. You get to see some amazing birds you don't get to see very often if ever at all. It makes for a nice day out if you can handle walking into hanging inch warms and the uncomfortable feeling of web on your face. Maybe the inch warm infestation is isolated to the time of year. A few inch warms hitched a ride on me. I was finding them crawling on me hours later." I was impressed with the animals.  They seemed to show very few  and this is a good cause.  But this was our first visit  ignorant people then the workers here are for you. They are brainless jerks. I wonder if the workers will read this but those rude dumb dumbs probably dont know how to read.  Not going back to this place and I feel bad for the birds that have to stay here."  though usually riddled with the sad state of affairs that results from a lack of grammar correction. I liked the interactive aspect of it - almost akin to allowing kids to write on the walls or tag the art. And truly the luncheonette counter footage gave me chills." The Day of the Dead exhibit was kind of lame. I got there after they'd run out of sugar skulls Their permanent exhibit is ""Cotton Fields to Skyscrapers"" about the history of North Carolina and the way its changed from its beginnings.  It was very informative and by far the best exhibit we saw that day.  I loved the lifesize stores and rooms you can walk through to really get a feel of what it was like to live in NC from the Civil War to the present.  It was also a great history lesson in civil rights and how its evolved over the past 150 years or so.  We easily spent the better part of an entire afternoon there and felt good about doing so." General note...don't mistake the trashcan by the door as a trashcan I recommend it for an afternoon outing and to learn about the history and people of Charlotte."  but below the pieces it said who it was on loan from. I question people who want to put their name below the KKK clothing saying it belongs to them. That just seems so odd to me."  but that history hasn't been well-preserved.  Admission is a mere $6.  Some Sundays are free and Bank-of-America cardholders can go for free one weekend a month.  Don't miss this opportunity to glimpse the past." "I visited the Levine Museum this afternoon.  I really enjoyed the history of  Charlotte and the progression from the cotton industry  but as other folks have mentioned your younger kids - I'd say maybe younger than 9 or 10 - or people who just don't like reading a whole lot will take much less away from this museum.  Still  but it's not tiny either.  I'd say it takes about 2.5 to 3 hours to get through it if you've never been.  Some kids may be bored as it's not too interactive.  If you haven't been here Great (and cheap) way to kill an hour or two (or even more if you really want to take your time) on a lazy Sunday afternoon." Side-note: It's nice to find a Jewish-named museum that's not necessarily Jewish-themed."  though an easy maze as you wind through the exhibits.  The Cotton Gin was my favorite part of the museum. The Barbers chairs are cool too!  There is a Small theater also Great way to spend to spend a full day in this museum and still not absorb it all  especially if you don't know a lot about the post-Civil War South." Interesting to learn more about Charlotte and the South!  this should be a stop for most people visiting and or living in the area since it really provides a unique outlook at the history of the South while providing some basic information in an enjoyable manner that would allow individuals to be more understanding of the world around them." "This is my favorite museum in Charlotte.  I love the permanent exhibit that details Charlotte's history.  I have been here three times If you have time to kill and looking for something to do... This is a must see."  interesting and not too 'bookish'.  Loved the ability to go at our own pace Fantastically informative. Admission costs next to nothing and it is totally a worthwhile afternoon experience. I have lived in the South for over 20 years and have not learned as much about it in those years as I did in the afternoon I spent at this museum. udbtIhRXiehLRQoMFKvNXg A wealth of information and very courteous staff. A must see!  make sure you stop by the Levine Museum of the New South. It's a great spot to learn more about the city and state... and how it went from a rural farming state supporting slavery to become the 2nd largest banking business in the country. There is an excellent video that they show that details the days of slavery and then Reconstruction to the modern day banking industry. The museum also showcases racism in the 1960s  interactive museum. Stopped here on a whim and glad I did." "Excellent look at the history of NC and the South.   No sugarcoating of the bad but also justifiable pride in the good.  Four stars only because it's small -- but the museum has room to grow Interesting museum in uptown. From California so it is always interesting to learn about the history of the south. Great family location for an outing to make the day also educational. Brought my daughter who enjoyed the interaction displays that made the experience more fun. Nothing special but worth to come. "Great introduction to Charlotte for people new to the area and interested in having an overview of Charlotte's history.  About an hour or so of exhibits. It was free the day we went I would definitely suggest a visit to The Levine Museum of the New South to visitors and locals alike." It was very interesting to watch Charlotte grow & develop before my eyes. From cotton fields & farms to bustling center of banking & commerce. It's not the MOMA or The Met Rich with information about charlotte and culture and history.  Plan on 3 hours to see everything.  Beautiful place  it was great.  We enjoyed reading about the history of charlotte - from cotton and tobacco fields to textile manufacturing to a city of banking and other large companies.  Definitely a worthwhile hour spent to learn some interesting things about Charlotte." In short: this museum is absolutely wonderful. Go check it out." The woman at the reception desk was very friendly - and be sure to get your parking ticket validated (for two hours) if you park in the garage by the 7th Street Public Market." Don't expect to spend the entire day here Definitely recommend if you're a museum lover!" "Nice journey of the KKK community and selma protest. The cotton gin machine is also overwhelming. History always remind us how we become like this Park in the 7th St. garage on Sundays for validated tickets for the day! Free admission then as well but donations accepted."  not too overwhelming. Was great to learn about the local history. Loved how interactive it was and all the replicas."  finally made the trip there to check out their exhibit on Charlotte's history and their LGBT exhibit.  The latter wasn't as detailed as I hoped but the exhibit on Charlotte was really great!  Nice  and I've learned they validate a particular parking lot on 7th Avenue For a small museum there are so many items to go through and interact with." Parking validated if you park in 7th Street Station garage. I think it's a beautiful space and the recent event I attended here (Blackish) was a success.  we came on a Saturday). Covers a lot of different topics and is full of interesting information. Exhibits are put together well. The staff out front weren't super engaging There is a small Armenian exhibit with interactive dancing and small intriguing items.  It's a fun exhibit." I enjoyed my visit to the museum. They have a parking deck next door which gives you 2 hours of free parking. It was nice but it did make us watch the clock while we were there. They have a lot of interactive and touchable exhibits. There is a lot of history about Charlotte and the surrounding areas. I liked the Belk exhibit the best. They have a temporary exhibit but it was in transition during our visit so our tour fest a little short. It is less exspensive than other museums and I was able to gt a teacher discount.  interesting facts in this museum that you could totally rock Charlotte Trivia Night at a local bar."  I hope they will reconsider their portrayal of the reconstruction era. There is no mention in the film of the brief period in which blacks *did* hold elected office (and did incredible things like start public school systems that served every citizen!) before a wave of terrorism led by educated and plantation-class white men erased the gains courageously fought for and realized for seven years under Reconstruction. Instead Parking was easy - the museum validated parking at the garage next door." I'm glad I found this place. Thank you Yelp reviewers! I really enjoyed this museum. The exhibits were well laid out and I love the hands on aspect like carding cotton and feeling the cotton seeds. I never knew about all the cotton mills in North Carolina and the mill villages. I also enjoyed the Fox Movie Reels that were playing. Another great feature was the little Main Street area with the clothing store Went to see the NUEVOlution! Exhibit today and participated in one of the museums discussions groups. It was a great program and a good way to have a diversity conversation.  be sure to check out their gift shop while you're there. That's right Very cool and casual vibes from this free-to-enter art gal. The staff was friendly and even provided me with a map of the three-story exhibit with some tips and essays about some of the most outstanding pieces.  data that I did not know before. Wonderful 2nd floor exhibit. Totally recommend it. The two young ladies at admissions The Light Factory is awesome. It puts on very cool photography exhibits and has a variety of educational programs for digital and film photography for teens and adults. One example: The Light Factory did an amazing photo and art exhibit on post-Katrina New Orleans after taking a group of high school photography students on a trip there. I have taken two of their photography classes and really value what I learned.  Met a bunch of geeky nerds like myself and had a great time.  You may think the prices are a little steep at first  this does not detract from the quality of the exhibits within.  ""Suspicious Minds"" was a surreal photography exhibit at different points beautiful and eerie. It was a demonstration of the skill and artistry when you manipulate the film  just attend and look around. It's even free to drop by Spirit Square and just take a self-guided tour. You'll be glad you did."  NC.  The other exhibition was called ""Street Wise"" looked like photos from the 1950's of people standing in the streets  but I think this is a ""See it once"" kind of thing."  and definitely friendly on the wallet when you need something to do Uptown."  as what we saw were mostly sticks and twigs stuck into things.  It was not impressive by any means and not ""art"" in my book.  I'll stick to Charlotte's Mint Museum of Art if I want to see something artsy."  I'd recommend checking out the Young Affiliates of the Mint. It's a social group for young Mint supporters. They have fun parties and monthly happy hours on the roof of the Mint. It's a great venue because you're in the middle of Uptown's skylines and have a really unique view of the city." I'd say walking to age 10 would love it!" The only reason I rate Discovery Place a 4 out of 5 is that they discontinued the laser shows they used to hold years ago every Friday and Saturday nights.  Those were good clean fun for the college crowd." I do love the Imax theatre. We've taken the kids to see movies like Happy Feet and Undersea 3D. That's a blast." Convenient parking and great exhibit - Body Worlds. The IMAX is wonderful - beware lots of kids everywhere!  this was a great experience and I will definitely return to see the other great showings  which was amazing.  They have different shows centered on space and nature.  It is always a learning experience for kids and adults alike.  They also have Pink Floyd and Led Zepelin light shows on rare occasions."  Discovery Place is a great resource here in town. They always show the morbid  which is a definite plus for something located uptown."  pudding and salad boxes. Combo options for about $6 include fries and soda drinks. I'll go with the pizza and the yogurt." This place is full of great knowledge & hands on displays for kids to learn all things science. It's a great place for kids  so you should be able to get in without too much trouble. On top of their specific exhibits (which are great for kids and adults) We also chose to see ""Spider-Man 3"" on their IMAX screen on opening night.  It sounds much better than it actually is.  Specially created IMAX movies on IMAX screens = good.  Regular theater movies blown up on IMAX screens = bad.  The experience made me nauseous and I couldn't ""see"" all of the action because it was everywhere at once.  I'll stick to IMAX features like their ""Beavers"" showing next time. :)" BTW check out the MILF in the photos!" Only disappointment I ever had is I went to see Happy Feet on IMAX and the dude who's job was to roll the film up after it played jammed the damn thing and I never was able to see the show :("  consider a one year membership deal. We *might* get back there one more time in the next year  I almost gagged at the sight of both toilets covered in urine!!  I get that its also parents responsibility to make sure there kids don't pee all over the seats  I was left wanting a bit more.  I would prefer to go to an entire museum that specializes in *JUST* nature or architecture or microbiology because my attention span and interest level is just a little higher.  So come with the kids  maybe 5 - 11ish who would benefit from some of the more mature exhibits upstairs.  While we did enjoy our time there It was a bit pricey for what was being offered.  They do offer a year pass.  We didn't even go to the IMAX - that was extra.  We were only there for a few hours before we saw everything we wanted to and left.  Very educational though." My 13 year old nephew discovered his love of mechanics while at Discovery Place. That is seriously worth every penny. Someone working there spent extra time with my nephew- showing him how to take apart and put back together a robot. Very awesome."  waiting turns and being polite. There is also a cool water area and kids play area for the super young ones so you can bring your whole family! You could make creations from paper and fabric and email them to yourself. Or take pictures of something like a fossil through a magnifying glass and email it to yourself. So high-tech! One of the most fun things we did while we were there was match the poop to the animal - not as easy as you would think! The biggest poop does not necessarily go to the largest animal FYI!" ZBQWSsUXwixFmm3lpegMiA  Charlotte has free 3d movies and larger interactive exhibits.  They lean heavily on scientific method & practice.  Definitely a fun 4-6 hours.  The Cons: $8 to park "This is really amazing if you can afford it.  It was $22 for my boy and me to go.  BUT he had an incredible time.  Couldn't get him to leave and we must go back.  It has tons of science demonstrations that are hands on and they demonstrate physics in a  way that is really fun.  They have several shows per day that teach about animals  I seriously enjoyed coming here! It completely exceeded my expectations. This museum is a must when visiting Charlotte  get the membership!  Admission costs can add up for multiple people." This is also the first visit since they opened the aquarium and rain forest. I felt like I was back in South Florida seeing the ocean life and feeling the warm humidity of the rain forest."  but the parents seemed to keep things under control. I did enjoy the aquarium and some of the other exhibits. I wanted to see the 3d sea film Bottom line if you have kids from out of town visiting this is the place to go!"  Discovery Place is a great place for kids  I had an absolute blast at Discovery Place.  My boyfriend and I spent nearly 3 hours there on a Sunday afternoon - no children "Fantastic place. The exhibit was well done and they paced out the flow of people so the crowding around the mummies was minimal. Interactive area was fun and they made a lot of room for creativity. The ""live"" exhibits where great as well. Overall  is competely interesting for all ages. The exhibit essentially shows what life is like through animal eyes by attaching a camera to all different kinds of critters! The exhibit had something for everyone. Adults got to appreciate the technological and scientific elements Little smaller than one would expect for the admission.  Mind you there are a lot of stuff to do here but I can see when it is crowded that this place is not worth your money.  I can just envision waiting around to do things and your kid starting to get tired of waiting....if empty then you are golden.  We just stopped by since we were visiting Charlotte and needed a kid's thing to do in between the adult things.  Was worth every penny to satisfy our little one on our vacation.  The germ section they have now is a bit scary though for the youngest of them.  as an out of town visitor I found this place to be a very interesting way to spend an afternoon. Everyone in my group really enjoyed themselves and we were totally glad that we took the time to check it out."  not counting break for lunch in neighborhood.  I can't think of any kids place in my neck of the woods that is so much fun and such a great deal.  They got exhibits and tons of interactive stuff "I live an hour away from Charlotte and find that this place is worth the drive for an 8 year old kid.  My son had a blast and keeps asking when we can go back.  ""This museum is so much batter than the one we have at home!"" is what he said Wonderful place for kids and families.  Be sure to go back as some of the exhibits change.  Sue the T Rex and Kapla Buildings have been my favorites over the years. A great way to spend a day downtown." ZBQWSsUXwixFmm3lpegMiA  but I doubt we'd go again on a future Charlotte visit.  Unless we just did the IMAX when the kids are older." While on Spring Break we stayed up the road at Great Wolf Lodge and decided to ride up to Discovery Place. This museum is AWESOME! Our 2 year old loved it. It is a very hands on experience and she loved every minute of it. Her favorite part was using the building blocks in the exhibits on the 2nd floor. My favorite was the rain forest exhibit and her dad is a big kid at heart so he loved it all especially the petting stations in the aquarium where you got to touch the animals. She also saw her 1st 3D moving about lions in the jungle. This is definitely a must do for kids of all ages.  plenty of live animals....  But we really like the ""shows"" they do.  Theres one called sub zero right now where they show the effects of dry ice on things adn the kids get to play in the steam and watch rubber gloves get frozen and crack.... my kids are mesmerized.  Those shows are about every half hour on the weekends.  I think members should not have to pay so much for IMAX tho I can see myself taking my nephew here time and time again. Its definitely an inexpensive way to have some fun with the family." "Terrific interactive science museum for kids (and adults) of all ages. We took our kids along with some friends from out of town  and I hope they will bring it back sometime in the future. All around a great science and nature museum thst has something for everyone!" I would say this place is best for kids 7 and under." We will definitely visit next time we are in town."  but apparently each night is themed.  Tickets are $8-$10 and you get to experience all of the awesome exhibits that the science education center has to offer.  Things are just as fun as they were when you were a kid - just now but recently went this past saturday to take my five year old daughter.She enjoyed it alot but to me it seems alot has changed over the years.i was excited to check out the alien exhibit  the kid zone is downstairs next to the IMAX theater area.  I know my daughters eye's lit up when we finally found it."  so if you find yourself going there more than once a year I highly suggest buying the membership. Be wary of the hours "This is a great museum with fun exhibits. During a normal day there are too many kids running around and taking the run of the place. Our favorite night is every 3rd Friday of the month for ""Science on the Rocks."" They are themed nights for adults 21 and older. There are full bars  even the adults! The displays are all interactive and interesting full of basic and advanced information for all to enjoy. There were also stations where employees had different reptiles and sea creatures that the kids could touch and ask questions about. There was a small area of sea life on display as well as a really cool frog toad exhibit on the floor above. While were there they had a moving dinosaur display "Needed to burn a few hours & decided to check out Discovery Place. It seemed like my hubs & I were the only adults without children there. When in Rome.... We had a blast with all the kids. December is nutrition month. I really like the fat to muscle displays. There was a ton to do & I could have spent several more hours playing in all the exhibits. I loved how hands on the exhibits are for everyone. I also loved that some of the ""apprentices"" are kids. Fantastic learning experience for them. Because I am a biologist  that gives a great understanding of how things work. Lots for all ages  but that is a separate fee from the General Admission fee. Kids love this place.  Now my gripe. Admission for two adults and two kids is about $60. For 1.5 floors of exhibits I did not find much value. There was nothing for me as a parent other than enjoying the smiles on my children's faces. Really guys? I pay you to chaperone my own children. Either charge the adults and not the kids  whose parents were over in the corner on their assorted electronic devices.  This place is little more than a overhyped daycare now.  All the cool things I did and enjoyed as an adolescent were replaced with ""rooms"" that had microscopes that barely worked "Spent four hours here with my granddaughter and didn't see it all or exhaust her either. Wonderful Awesome in every sense of the word. We were there for hours. Kids loved it and it is very reasonably priced.  and they have bars set up as well as music and fun activities to be a part of!"  I was a little disappointed because there were a lot of things that we saw in pictures on their website that they didn't have there. There were a ton of kids there from a summer camp but there was a lot of stuff to do so it didn't really affect our visit. Overall My kids had a blast. So much to do and see. Prices were reasonable . I wish there was a more kid friendly restaurant though !! A great place to being kids.  Completely worth the money.  The only thing that prevented 5 stars is that my son got burned by a hot glue gun at the duct tape section.  While it says hot- not really meant for young children. Reasonable price. Military discount available (just ask). More for children older than 6 y o. We brought our 1 year old who loved the toddler area. The toddler area was small but perfect for the little ones to run around and get into everything without the bigger kids toppling over them. Loved the water table. Guitar exhibition was really cool for us adults. Was pretty bummed that none of the bathrooms had changing tables.  everything else is just ""vanilla"". Overall it's overpriced." It's a fun place for kid's and parents!" Great place for little little kids but I feel like all the good stuff are often closed off when we come. Just needs...MORE!  you could go to both floors - and the exhibits where you could touch the sea life was open too. I went on the 80's Back To The Future night Great place to go to spend a few hours.   Also theirs a private parking lot on site.  Park on the top of the parking garage.  Because there is a walkway from the parking garage to inside the museum. Go down the elevator to the first floor. That is the second entrance into the museum. The two stars is for the parking garage. We waited for over 30 minutes just to pay and exit the garage on a Saturday night. We should pay when we come in or there should be more lanes to leave! "We came here to see the body worlds exhibit. It was really interesting and cool. The whole place was fun. I came with my husband and baby. It's a fun place to learn and spend a few hours. Everyone here was very nice and friendly. I will be back once my daughter is older This is my daughter's favorite spot in CLT.  So many different exhibits to see.  She has spent 5 hours there just doing everything they have.  They have a wonderful summer comp for science loving kids.  Just sign up early.  They reach their limit quickly.  including hands on activities where my son was able to touch a snake and live sea creatures. I think it's great for the school aged kids or younger. Not appropriate for high school aged kids as there were plenty running around on field trips the same day I was there as well. It's nice that this place does ""cater"" to everyone but I believe it should be left to the youngins. There is an imax 3D theater as well and a small cafe on site."  don't be! It is absolutely fascinating. We did not pre-purchase tickets and had no issue getting in on a Sunday afternoon. It was packed with families and children and the vibe was great. While there were a lot of people we were able to take our time in the exhibit and were in and out in 1.5 hours. We parked in 7th Street Public Market and ate brunch ahead of time. Our parking for a total of 2.5 hours was $6 Took my gf to see the body world exhibit. Awesome experience and a lot of fun. It's nice to just roam around and do whatever you want. They had a nice aquarium area. Upstairs is also fun because you can do a lot of things and interact with stuff. We also attended a science show that blew stuff up. I think they offer something different every month so it's worth going every 6 months or so especially with kids. We went another time and they had a guitar exhibit that my husband loved." There are some really great things about the discovery place! I think it is a great place that you can take your kids and spend all day having fun and learning about science. I do want to say that they are busy on the weekends. Parking is $12 and is not validated when you go inside even though it is the Discovery Place's own parking garage. Prices are a little steep for the museum as well so I would recommend getting the Membership for your family. It was easy to get to even though it is uptown.  I did enjoy the gentleman with the ponytail who looked similar to a biker I knew once. All in all I think I prefer the natural science center in Greensboro and sciworks to this place. Not to mention when we walked in they had some huge line problems and had poorly laid out where people should go to wait in line. When we asked about it they blatantly ignored us. Thanks for the poor signage and dismissive staff."  but you can probably find street parking as well.  I rode the train into 7th Street Station and walked up 2 blocks."  project-based activities. You should take your kids and allow them to explore and even chat with them about what they think they're learning through free-play. There's something for everyone young and old to learn here."  it was an awesome place. Very interactive and hands on rather than staring through the glass or not being able to touch. Would highly recommend I really liked it here. The receptionist was a bit moody for my liking but I'll live. I'm an adult and I felt like there was so much for me to do. I recommend bringing kids 5 and up here. The rainforest was so cute. I was in here looking at their rental spaces for an event next year.  The downstairs gallery is beautiful!!  When I was there multiple art pieces and items were on display.  Just gorgeous.  They have a number of event spaces in case you are looking for your next corporate or private event.  Competitive pricing and they even have an Event PROFESSOR on staff!  Lol!  How do I get this job??  Very helpful folks and clean nice spaces.  I will definitely think about doing an event here.  Thanks guys!  but there was an outdoor section which was pretty neat and then an empty room where we sat to eat over look the city through the outside bar.  Five Stars! Ill be back."  but great if you enjoy the beauty in art or need to find somewhere to escape a hot day. The building itself has spaces on the top floor that artists rent out as well as conference rooms. The architecture is lovely  and the rooftop 'Living Wall' couldn't be a better place for pictures! This is a great way to kill an hour or two browsing We held my daughter's wedding reception here. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Great views of The Queen City. Highly recommend for your event. How's that for a midday snack?"  willing to give you the rundown or show you around in one of the three boardable planes. Even our guide who couldn't have been a day over 16 knew more about those planes than I think I know about most things. I think the spot would be grand for any amateur plane lover Great atmosphere having the museum in a hanger. Friendly staff who will answer questions. Cool variety of planes.  but you learn about the story behind the aircraft. The tour guides are very helpful at answering any question you may have and are very friendly and knowledgeable. The gift shop sells models of aircrafts as well military novelty items. Overall  which is unfortunate with how much it costs!"  but our little ones also enjoyed being able to climb into the cockpit of a Vietnam-era fighter jet and other cool planes. You can go through the whole place in about 90 minutes The staff is very friendly and open to answering all your questions."  you can just log on to your student account and show it to them to get the student discount." "The Carolina's Aviation Museum is located adjacent to the Charlotte Douglas International Airport. It is a rather small museum consisting of a variety of Military and Commercial Aircraft's housed in a single hanger. The centerpiece of the Museum is the US Airway Airbus A320 which was force to crash land in the Hudson River after striking a flock of birds which disabled both engines. Everyone on-board US Airways Flight 1549 survived what has been described as ""The Miracle on the Hudson.""   While at the ""Flight 1549"" display be sure to watch the documentary presentation Another really cool feature is that they have preserved personal items from the passengers and flight crew which is a really nice touch. If you're into history  but if you have never been and are in the area it is certainly worth stopping in to check it out."  maybe 20 planes or so.  the largest attraction is US Airways Flight 1549 (miracle on the hudson) ... the actual plane is here.  lots of neat footage coverage detail." We spent about 2 hours and really enjoyed ourselves. This is not an all day outing but it's well worth the time." So yea... worth visiting? Maybe if you are in the area and have time and $12 to spare. Otherwise I will be bringing future Charlotte guests of ours to this place for a long time to come." I really enjoyed my time here and the kids I brought song enjoyed it too! There are some planes that you can get inside of and volunteers to explain it all to you. The volunteers were so helpful! We were able to watch a plan take off from the airport. So cool! I really wish they had a restaurant for lunch. But other than that I really enjoyed the museum.  you get to see planes taking off and landing every minute. It's actually really neat. There's also a museum shop which is kind of overpriced but overall I would recommend this experience to anyone." I really enjoyed my time here and the kids I brought song enjoyed it too! There are some planes that you can get inside of and volunteers to explain it all to you. The volunteers were so helpful! We were able to watch a plan take off from the airport. So cool! I really wish they had a restaurant for lunch. But other than that I really enjoyed the museum.  it's only open during limited hours. However a staff member told me these are both being addressed and will be improved in the future. Additionally they have plans to open a second hangar focusing on helicopters. Overall Restroom facilities were immaculate Overall it was cool and I believe that the admission it's fairly priced. But I just expected more considering that North Carolina is known for aviation." I'd recommend checking it out. The Miracle on the Hudson is interesting to see."  the mystery of why there's a plane here in Delta livery is finally explained. I thought it was the longest possible repair or charter in history. Turns out that this was one of the last DC-9's in Delta's fleet and rather than send it to the boneyard in Arizona  and well lit.  All the planes have interesting histories.  Well worth a visit  the staff was very friendly." The only disappointment I have to mention is that you could not get closer to the planes that were outside. (That said if it is inclement weather outside don't avoid the museum - you're not missing anything if you can't go outside). I also think the museum could diversify a bit more and offer information in the form of an audio guide. There is one 30 minute video on the US flight  especially if they think planes are awesome.  5 and under are free. Children's admission is $8 and adults are $12. I think $12 for adults is a bit steep for the amount of exhibits but with the Groupon adults were $8 each. It's also a good excuse to come to Charlotte so you can eat (hehe - Le's Sandwiches is only a 15 minute drive from here)." "Awesome museum and I had no idea it was right here in Charlotte! The center of the museum is the landing on the Hudson which was amazing to see! I couldn't believe that the whole plane was there along with a lot of the wreckage and some paraphernalia from passengers and whatnot. It truly is amazing what the pilots did that day! They had a documentary running in the museum also that told all about what happen that day and it was crazy to see! Along with that there are many other planes throughout the museum  it takes you to the main airport terminal. It's easier to just call the museum - they give great directions!" I don't know what there is to say about this place other than they have the Miracle on the Hudson plane. That in and of itself makes for a memorable and indescribable museum experience. I've only been to a few aviation museums but this experience was by far a fantastical one. They have many more plane to see and experience as well. Hoping to go back sometime soon!  i just wish it was air conditioned. The heat became a little too much towards the end"  paying little attention. It can be a bit dry when one is not on an organized trip with a guide to point out the interesting parts which keep them entertained. There was such a group in the next room "This tiny museum is so cute and has a ton of artifacts!  Its free so thays a bonus and in walking distance from Union South. The dinosaurs  the UW Geology Museum includes great informational pieces to enhance your understanding of  particular displays.  I'm a rock hound and really enjoyed the multi-faceted collection that they've assembled from around the globe.  I particularly enjoyed the Wisconsin rocks and minerals display.  Be sure to check out the huge Earth rotating outside the museums doors.  Very cool place."  music and experimental visual art and sculpture all meant a welcomed stimulatory experience among the decidedly non-urban setting of the university." Favorite place on campus to see a performance! This place is decorated very nicely inside and they have great acoustics inside the auditorium. "Krannert Art Museum is lucky to have a Director that actually believes art should stimulate and provoke thought...and that's exactly what she does with the exhibitions I've seen there so far. This would be the local equivalent to the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco ... cool social events and openings for a cross-generational and cross-cultural crowd. What I love most about KAM is that I've had some great conversations standing around the lobby of a show and there's no snotty art culture where people blather on about ""high art"" and how it's so much better than anything and everyone. They don't play those games here  including some odd and creepy installments.  The space is gorgeous  guy?  The fact one of our party was a 60 year old librarian (who really looks like a librarian!) didn't tip you off that we weren't there to rob the place or splash mud on the older works?" Check it out next time you are in C-U.  It is a great way to recharge your batteries and let the power of art soothe your soul." I think it might be emanating from Laredo Taft's 'the blind' but I can't be sure; could be the Peruvian artifacts in the basement." The highlight of the visit was coming out the main doors to find metal working students exhibiting (and selling) their jewelry. They were wonderful to talk to  it is certainly worth a look if you have the time and inclination."  check out what used to be the movie theater inside. Houdini performed there back in the day!" "I took my children here while visiting my sister in Champaign.  I was expecting something along the lines of the Normal Children's Museum.  Wrong.  It was nothing like it.  The place was dark and dingy.  It needed a thorough cleaning.  I was afraid to let my children play with the toys there.  We could barely fill up 45 minutes here.  Most of it was spent playing with Thomas the Train...which they have at home.  The water interactive display had no water in it.  The sand exhibit was missing some sand.  The boat display was poorly built and dangerous for small children to climb up and down on.  It wasn't worth the time and effort for us to make the hour drive to just go to the museum We complained and were reluctantly given our money back.  This was a joke- do not take your kids here."  few play stations and fewer that actually worked. There was absolutely nothing to commend itself about this place.  What toys they had were either broken or of little entertainment value.  There were microscopes that didn't work or had nothing to look at through them.  There were computer screens around the place that showed nothing of interest or nothing at all.  There was a ship's wheelhouse with all sorts of switches and buttons and a giant TV screen but nothing worked.  I felt completely ripped off and was intent upon asking for my money back but felt that would be futile and only lead to a confrontation.  The Website makes it look interesting and the promos lead one to believe that they hold events of interest.  Don't be fooled.  This is not a place to take children unless you want to give them a lesson in failed enterprises i've gone to places that r free and are cleaner than this one!  So if you have children with any type of repiratory conditions I would definetly stay away!" "We had such a great morning at this children's museum! It's such a gorgeous space  and the architecture of this space is stunning! Our visit lasted about 2 hours and I recommend this as a family destination!" A joke. Not sure if it's a joke on us - or the kids. I've taken my kids here several times - mostly because it is one of the few things in town for them to do. I wouldn't recommend it. Dirty - everything is dirty and dusty. Broken - all the toys/exhibits(seriously - it's a BIG stretch to call them that) are almost always broken. And if your lucky - the dino exhibit outside will be open. I've been there 3 times - and have NEVER seen it open (all times were in the summer too). Plus - $7 to get in??? Seriously?? Save your money & take your kids to the pool - they'll enjoy it way more and you'll actually get your money's worth.... "We came as a family outing over the holidays. It's a great local place for a town this size but held surprisingly a lot. My three kids 9 Overall: The Orpheum Children's Science Museum is a good way to spend a few hours with the kids.  Children will benefit from the many science lessons found throughout the museum - and they'll have lots of fun doing it!  Admission is only $5 per person (as of January 2015 There is so much beautiful and famous artwork. Such a beautiful collection of Katsina/Kachina dolls. I loved making cornhusk dolls as a girl. I still have them to this day. It's a great place for kids and adults. I have such great childhood memories here. I haven't gone in years but checking out the website Been here 4 times in the past 6 months.  I love bringing out-of-towners here.  Excellent art and history exhibits specifically related to Native Americans from the southwestern United States.  Reasonably priced entrance fee.  Go on the tour - they will tell you really interesting things about each of the exhibits you otherwise wouldn't know - makes the visit much more enjoyable.  A must see for visitors to Phoenix!  which may be the only time I'll ever use the world ""beautiful"" to describe any building in Phoenix. It resembles images I've seen of Roman villas and its courtyard is very mellow  it packs a punch with razor sharp exhibitions and a physical plant that is both cutting edge and serene.  Well worth a stop for road-trippers driving between austin and los angeles  which I think speaks highly of the layout.  I definitely recommend the museum if you have an afternoon you are looking to fill and/or just want to learn more about Native Americans." To my yelpers: Please realize that each tribe has it's own ways and unique culture. Open your heart and mind and take in the colorful culture I grew up in!"  the gift shop:  Authentic stuff at hon estly reasonable prices -- that does not necessarily mean cheap:  It means *reasonable* for the authentic quality." Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz..." The gift shop too is a nice stop before we continue on our day." What an excellent excellent museum.  You leave much more informed and with a necessary touch of white guilt."  I really enjoyed my visit to the museum and learned a lot about the local Native American cultures. This is also a must visit when people visit you in Phoenix. What I especially love about this museum is that it presents the Native American cultures as living  but decided to go because the girlfriend wanted to. I'm an acrylic painter and all the art on display was beautiful and varied. The building itself was gorgeous. The only problem I had was the security guards. We were constantly followed by a heavyset black man and stared at regardless of where we went. I believe in no way did we look suspicious I felt a chill and many conflicting feelings at the exhibit. It portrayed as well as I can imagine the emotional realities of being a thoroughly conquered people."  you have to go to both the Heard and the PAM plus the Taliesin West (I always spell that wrong) building by Frank Lloyd Wright. It isn't all pools  and I would definitely recommend visiting if you're ever in Phoenix." "What a great place! I truly enjoyed just hanging out and looking at all the stuff. Cadie had a blast playing in the canoe and I geeked out taking pictures. A great place to spend the afternoon. Might I suggest hitting the light rail and checking out more stuff along the path. It's a great way to get out and about for not a lot of cash. If you don't already "I love going to the Heard especially for their Native + You event every 3rd Friday. The Heard honors the traditions of the past with exhibits such as 'Home' but still allows contemporary Native American artists display their works. It seems their mission is to educate the world of the Native peoples' history as well as their future.  You can not help but appreciate the Native culture That last part I found out because I was there 45 minutes early.  It opens at 11am on Sundays.  Ah well I had so much fun at NU last night! There was an live auction where you could bid on pieces created by the Crafty Chica (Kathy Murillo). Participation was free and you got a vial of Crafty Chica glitter and a glitterific auction paddle just for registering! My favorite part of the night was watching a lady outbid herself (3x) to win the Glitter Bull Dog..lol. Best of all proceeds went to benefit Valle del Sol. NU is by far my favorite event at the Heard!  I meant modern ""art""? A bunch of colors randomly thrown on a canvas is not art.  A bunch of cans or piece of metal welded together to symbolize anger or oppression  but I wouldn't say I was overwhelmed.  The exhibits were fairly interesting & informative and the building was very attractive  history of Native Americans. I love it. I was recently there to see the Indian Market and seen the Boarding School exhibit and Kachina exhibit. I love seeing all the Kachina dolls. When ever I am in town I know I will always go there to check out the new exhibits." I really enjoy this museum.  I have been several times since moving to the valley and always have a good time.  There are usually special exhibits as well as the permanent collection. Native American culture is so rich and the traditions so deep but they focus about 5 percent on this and 95 percent on being displaced and anger at reservation life and .. hold on.  dont bash.  i understand that they were wronged.  i am Japanese American and I KNOW what it is like to get land taken away and hearing stories about being a tax paying citizen and get taken to jail.  but ... i just wish the focus was on the beauty of the traditions and cultures.  i really wanted to take away more from it.  maybe i went in with expectations to high?  i live in hawaii so i see alot of ancient cultures and traditions and thought this place would be similiar.  and for 12 bucks a person to go there... at least parking was free! and there seems to be interactive things for kids too!" The regular exhibitions were also very informative - learned a lot about Indian people and their culture while here. Truly amazing and also very heartbreaking (the boarding school exhibit)." Now you've heard...and the word is Heard." So now that I've spread the good word on the Heard  full of energy and my 3 year old and I danced for almost an hour. My margaritas certainly didn't hurt! I had a great time and I am really looking forward to September's event  in fact got married there in 1999.  It is one of the most extensive collections of Native American artifacts and history that I know of.  Goregeous galleries.  My one suggestion would be to offer maps of the museum But if you are not much of a fan about old old art and culture...you may not enjoy it." If you are interested in Native American history and culture you need to visit.     I have been to the National Museum of Native Americans in Washington DC.      The Heard runs a close second in their exhibits.    You should put the Heard on your places to see when in Phoenix. We were lucky enough to see an Apache dance group and participated in the dance.  That was fun!"  stop in for a bit to eat after exploring the museum.  Don't forget to pop your head into the gift shops  so it may be tough to keep small children interested if they are not into art. There was a room with some interactive things but it was a relatively small portion of the museum. Overall it is a very cool place to visit and i would recommend it." Recently I visited this phenomenal Native American Indian museum for the second time in my life on a cold and rainy afternoon.  I think many others had the same idea because the place was crawling with visitors on a Monday.  There is so much to see and learn about that an afternoon permits only a taste of things.  I think I could easily spend a few days in a row here. Don't miss the Kachina display or the very sad and moving installation about the native American schools where young people were taken to be ""civilized""." Highly recommended if you are in the PHX area." "The BF and I went last weekend for the first time after hearing great things about it (and after buying a 2 for 1 Groupon a while back).  We were not disappointed.  My only regret is that we couldn't stay longer because there is so much to see.  I really enjoyed ""The Boarding School Experience"".  Very interesting...but very sad.  Can't wait to go back!" I highly recommend going to this museum at least once Excellent museum to explore native American culture. Very tastefully done and not so large that it can't be explored in an afternoon.   A bit pricey at $15 per adult Such a jewel here in Phoenix.    The Heard Museum has one of  the best Native American presentations.     It is well thought out and exhibits continue to change to wet your appetite for another visit.    It is a must visit whenever you are in Phoenix.   I highly recommend that you visit the Heard Museum.  the next time I am in town."  it's not my favorite museum in the city.  But everyone who lives here should visit at least once.  I think it would be a great place to take out of town guests as well."  and coffee shop too. Definitely a must to see if interested in Native American cultures They have museum store as well where a lot of the stuff made by Native Americans can be sold here. Although most items are pretty expensive."  you can easily spend two or three hours just taking in everything that is offered.  There is a wide range of items on display from dolls to paintings to glass work to clothing and jewelry.  Another cool thing is that this museum allows you to photograph anything that you want."  and just about anything else.  Went here with my Australian friend because he was interested in it.  A lot of the material will be familiar for anyone who's grown up with it as part of history class "This was a good experience for me.  I'm not a big museum guy but it was enjoyable.  I will say that it gets to be overload after a while.  I mean how many cradleboards can one look at and still feel the need to see more.  Beautiful blanket exhibits and the kachinas were interesting.  My only gripe was the poor coffee shop they had for a refreshment break. Seriously the worst coffee I've had in quite some time.  That aside Authentic Hopi piki bread sold here in the city of Phoenix... A must try for the adventurous foodie. As for Native Arts & Culture it is the next best place to be for art during the Heard Indian Art Market SG_gEmEXL4ID6RAEinC5Bg They have a nice shaded courtyard with a cafe and two shops"  this is a great place to visit and learn about the different tribes." The $15 dollar admission isn't too bad.  Free parking was an unexpected treat.  There are also discounts for seniors  and a vast collection of Hopi kachinas. One of the contemporary exhibits is a glass sculpture that is created to mimic a traditional Southwestern fence made of ocotillo branches. The museum grounds are beautiful and rather extensive. In the courtyard SG_gEmEXL4ID6RAEinC5Bg "Beautiful collection of Native American artifacts. New exhibit on Indian schools is heartbreaking. Gorgeous collection of Hopi pottery and katsina dolls. Very up to date on new tribal names If you have a military ID you should come here because it is free for you +1 guest. This museum was a lot bigger than I expected. I actually didn't finish looking at all the exhibits before they close so next time I need to go earlier. There was lots of information about native america here from what they used to their jewelry. There was also a free tour which I took advantage of and you might as well because it gives great insight into their life and culture. I believe the girl who gave the tour was a cherokee indian who was attending college nearby. There were also interactive exhibits for little kids so if you had little kids this would work well for them. "The Heard Museum has a unique menagerie of ancestral and contemporary Native American and Southwestern items in an approachable and interactive atmosphere. Most of my visits have been one of the seemingly innumerable museum sponsored events hosted for local artists or Southwestern festivals. I definitely recommend checking out the market festivals as they always draw interesting and unique local artists and products. As with any museum Beautiful place and beautiful grounds. The contemporary art pieces are not quite art museum worthy.  However the katina doll collection was awesome.  They have Barry Goldwater's personal collection of Katina dolls on display !    I highly suggest using the guided tours some costs are unavoidable  but I probably won't be back.  An attraction like this is usually a one-time thing for me."  when we got a chance to read the Fair booklet given museum visitors We don't have anything quite like this where I am from but Detroit has a museum or two of it's own that hold a bit of clout if I say so myself. :)"  the museum shop is just not affordable - was disappointed to see I couldn't get any souvenir." I love me some education! ;)" I definitely recommend stopping by at least once to visit. I can see myself coming back again."  there are people that are able to answer your questions. Their knowledge is vast about Native Americans. I would definitely revisit this place over and over again." I highly recommend going to the Heard Museum to get your culture fix."  paper thin bag that I have to carry on my back. There are numerous other women with purses significantly larger than my bag all around me. Nonetheless  as they've currently got an exhibit on American Indian Boarding Schools.  Not sure if I'm a huge fan of the whole Indian Art thing "Fantastic museum. The Indian exhibits are expansive and usually heart wrenching. It is worth going on one of the free guided tours (they run frequently). My guide was very knowledgeable and provided much insight to all exhibits If you're visiting the Phoenix area from a location that doesn't have something like the Heard and you want to go home with some knowledge of Native American and Southwest art I highly recommend a visit to Heard." There is also a small collection of other tribal artifacts from elsewhere in the world. These don't make sense- they should loan to other museums and expand their interactive exhibits." "If you want to learn about Native American art and history  tons of great art and history here if you're into this subject matter. I would probably choose some other attraction if I had the choice." First Native American museum I have been to. It was interesting to learn more about the Native Americans' history as I have only seen sections dedicated to their culture at NYC museums. "Pro:  Absolutely beautiful collection.  A great mix of ancient through modern items.  I especially enjoyed the kachina dolls.  Con:  it cost my family $84 admission (my husband paid before I noticed the price and could say ""NO!!!"").  $15 for a ten year old?  Exorbitant!" SG_gEmEXL4ID6RAEinC5Bg Good for only one visit.  Very overpriced  but kept the kids entertained.  The museum is pretty large and has a lot to look at.  It's a beautiful museum.  I just felt it was a bit overpriced." Had a lot of fun at the LEGO exhibit. I will definitely return. My favorite museum in the city. The biggest collection of Kachinas I have ever seen! Don't forget to hit the bookstore as well! Great reads! I'm curious who goes there to buy $40  what a great place to learn about Native Culture."  I didn't want the long line so went into the building to find a water fountain and then left If you can get a free admission at Phoenix Public Library The admission is $18 for adults and we spent a couple of hours wandering around reading and enjoying. I would definitely bring any visitors here and wouldn't be bothered that I have already seen it." Jam packed with artifacts and contemporary pieces representing every tribe from the southwest snd a smattering of other regions. Tables inside and out - it was too hot to sit outside but it was also too cold to sit inside and I wish I had a sweater - apart from the air con the staff were kind and the food excellent - it is more expensive than some of the other options locally but it is a great place to have a break from the fascinating Heard Museum. The crispy chicken tacos were fresh and delicious and I enjoyed the special lemonade. Popular with local business people. "One of the most well done museums I've ever attended. I had a chance to talk with some of the staff This was a very interesting museum. There is a lot to look at and learn. The people were very gracious and knowledgeable. I felt like I came out refreshed and my boyfriend learned some more as well. It's important to me that he understands my culture and the culture of all native nations." A great place to see the art and culture of the Native Americans.  The gift shop also has a great selection of jewelry and art for purchase. Great for info on the indigenous culture of the area  daily living and spirituality of the Native Americans whose lives were portrayed in this beautiful museum. Consider spending three or four hours in this informative and relaxing environment." We had a number of guests traveling to Phoenix for the first time for our wedding so I was thrilled to have a beautiful cultural landmark to show off my hometown. Its central location off the Metro Lightrail connected to all things hip and happening in the valley was also a huge bonus." "The free admission on Sundays during the summer time is one great way to spend the day.  Be sure to look up the schedule of performances and include it in your visit to the museum.  We saw a beautiful display of hoop dancing and other traditional dances accompanied with a brief narrative explaining the meaning/purpose.  This is a very family friendly museum all the while providing the opportunity to learn about the history of amazing people from not only Arizona but of the United States.  Also  I would highly recommend going to The Heard Museum for a different perspective on American history." It was a dinner using Fida's recipes. The food was good and some of it was interesting as well. It didn't begin at 5:30 like we were informed. We had assigned seats. There was Mariachis playing. The margaritas were too strong to enjoy. There was a booth to get your photo taken but no where to be seen. No one really instructed us on where to go or what the evening was going to be. So you ate and that was it. I was expecting more Admission for adults is $18 and free for Native Americans."  was very knowledgeable and patient with the many questions and interruptions from a few children in our group. They have a huge gift shop with authentic Native goods. We ate from a White Eyes fry bread food truck parked in the lot and it was fantastic. The Heard is definitely worth the price of admission and is one of the best museums I have visited."  in addition to poignantly highlighting many of the transgressions against Native Americans by European settlers. The boarding school exhibit was truly moving "I am so happy we went to the Heard museum. This was an excellent experience for both my husband and I. We truly appreciated the museums architectural style and their focus and dedication on the preservation and detailed representation indigenous/native lifestyle and customs.  There was quite a bit of information within this museum that we thought it was useful to go to split our time. We spent three hours and then came back in the afternoon and spent another hour or so.  There are cultural items such as clothing "Excellent collection of Native American art and culture. This is a definite not miss. Whether you are familiar or have no history "I thought the price was steep but within 15min Of entering I was SO pleased. It was so beautiful and the collections were amazing. I loved the videos too...I cried watching ""Home"" - a must if in town!"  she was awesome and it was very informative! Definitely recommend visiting this place." "I happened to walk in 5 min before a tour so i didn't have to wait long. Highly recommend to take a tour! It is very informative Wonderful opportunity to explore Arizona history and culture with air condition. Fabulous gift shop and cafe. Beautiful art and achingly sad stories of past treatment of native people.  etc.  The glass jars that held the medicine in the pharmacy were all uniquely designed by her and hand blown by a friend.  She even put inside the jars the actual scientific herb or remedy and had her pharmacist friend instruct her as to how much to put into each jar and what scientific name to use.  This is a very intriguing and extraordinary exhibit.  It is $3 for adults and they will validate your parking in a near-by lot."  my grandma said ""I'm bored."" So we gave up and went to Pizzeria Bianco for lunch. It was a good day out."  varied display...probably best for little girls (mine ""oooh""ed and ""aahhhh""ed the whole time) and doll collectors. Very nice staff  this is a delightful place to visit! My cousin took me here as an early birthday surprise and it was pure amazement! The admission was $5 and you walked around each room  the Body Worlds3 exhibit is an amazing collection of 200 authentic human specimens! Not for the faint (and probably not for younger children without a lot of explanation) "The Science Center has a lot of great things to offer.  I recently went for one of their ""Adult Night Out"" presentations -- this is a series of speakers and/or presentations tailored for a more mature crowd.   They hold them the first Friday of every month (which coincides nicely with the Artwalk).  Their normal displays need  to be updated or rotated a bit more often.  I've been there several times since last winter -- and they have not changed out the displays once.  They get additional points for the BodyWorld exhibition and planetarium (but these are extra charge).  I also wish they could offer validation for parking -- as it can get pretty expensive."  my parking was validated."  not worth going again unless something spectacular is happening." www.azscience.org/adults_night_out.php" Went to go see the Grand Canyon IMAX show.  It was so good!  3D and everything.  I keep telling all my friends to go check it out!  it describes how you would be stretched like spaghetti should you ever find yourself passing within a black hole's event horizon (not recommended). But I've been secretly brainstorming other uses for it all day." I checked out the science center at last nights first Friday of the month ""adults only night"".  Not only was admission free but they validated out parking making it free as well.  We were able to check out all of the exhibits with little or no wait and with adults only it was much less hectic than on a regular day."  their was not any ""ADULT"" type drinks. I wanted to see the Planetarium show but we missed it. Thats the only thing I would come back for period. The best thing was the ""Weather Demo"" it cooled me off and made me hot at the same time almost like an x love and the worst part is you will never get the time you spend here back. I'd say if you have a toddler they would enjoy the AZ Science Center that is all."  but I'm afraid of commitment."  and while I was not able to partake in the center's previous events due to the child-friendliness of said events  learn  about the position of stars in the night sky .It was very impressive.  They also have an Imax theater with several choices of movies.  And for you Trekkies out there  this place is seriously allot better with a beer in your hand. trust me." Note:  Until April 2010 you can get up to 4 free admissions with the Culture Pass There's a light rail stop a couple of blocks west of the Science Center if your riding t west if you don't want to drive here and look for parking."  but i always feel as if their can be more exhibits and better use of space. Maybe its the architecture but it just feels as if the place is bare. What they do have is interesting and really may depend on the specific exhibits that are showcased on how much you enjoy it."  but once is good enough for me." The Irene P Flinn Theater is  great. I went to see Sharks 3D here yesterday. I wasn't scared.  not fun and pointless.  You might as well take your kid to a Chuck E Cheese for fun and pointless.  At least they might walk away with a back scratcher or a kazoo "We took the kids yesterday. Taking the light rail was fun but once we got to the science center it was a 20 minute wait in line to get tickets even though there were ONLY three families in front of us. They really need to work on their admission process. We had been here before many times  full size Imax theater on site and they show movies like Under the Sea. I am a big fan of the Imax and have been swept away into different worlds many times here. Adults Night Out is just that  but I'm sure things don't change too drastically. But it is a fun place to get out of the sun for an afternoon if you've never been." "Disappointing. They spend all their money on the major travelling exhibits (Body Worlds  making a point to attend in any big city I travel to.  The exhibits seem lacking (even in simple terms) of the magic behind the science... hence probably why the feedback this place is so kids orientated." I felt like the other exhibits on the 3rd floor wasn't too interactive but the other floors had interesting stuff and I would bring my future kids here. They have exhibits on being green I believe they were under construction on the facade so maybe something better will come on the horizon." What makes the ASC so great in my opinion is what they do for continuing science education. Have you ever had the opportunity to take a course at the ASC? Or a summer camp? The Arizona Science Center goes out of its way to make it an incredible learning experience for you or your child. They have rooms in their basement packed full with science equipment  but it was still pretty cool. What I really enjoyed was the theater in the middle of the first floor that exhibited science lab experiments for kids. I've been to better science centers One of the things I like so much about the AZ Science Center is the interactivity. I've taken my son to the Children's Museum of Phoenix a number of times and that just feels like playing. Here Love body worlds! Can't wait to go back!  Puts a new spin on how you view the body.  I'm donating my body to science now. Took the family to Body Worlds today. All I can say is.... Get there early .... lots of attendees ... very crowded. Very educational ... wonderful displays. Highly recommend getting the audio tour. I have to say if I had children I would definitely take them to expose them to this amazing insight to our bodies.  A young Mom was there with a 4 year old & was explaining to her daughter what she was seeing "The Ultimate Yelp Party 2011 was a smash hit. Great Food....Great Drinks....Great Music....Great Exhibits...Great Entertainment....Great Activities.....Great Staff.....Did I say everything was great.....LOL....Well I have to say I had a GREAT time as well. There is nothing in the world quite like a Yelp party....and once again the staffers at Yelp did not disappoint. Now the only reason I gave it 4 stars had nothing to do with the establishment.....or any of the other GREAT things I mentioned earlier...I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because we had to pay for parking which we didn't have to do at the Botanical Gardens last year.....and Secondly because the Botanical Gardens Party last year was GREAT....GREAT....and REALLY GREAT. Now with all that being said Yelp done a great job as usual....and I am looking forward to Next year's Ultimate Yelp Party. Eat The special exhibits are what draws us back to the Arizona Science Center.  From the Titanic to Body Worlds What a fabulous place.  We had a blast last night and we can't wait to come back with the twins.  and this place was really sweet.  I think we had the most fun playing around in the Human Body area.  There were many great exhibits though.  I look forward to going back sometime when I have more time to fully experience this place!" It was very disappointing to wait in line for one hour to buy a ticket for Body Worlds and then to find out at the ticket counter we'd need to wait over 2 more hours to get into the exhibit. Why no sign or greeter at the door to let us know that it would be 3 hours total wait? Big miss on their part and more than a few irritated people.  but my wife and I are tired of seeing the same old same old time and time again. For what they charge for admission  the planetarium and staff pull my rating all the way up to 5 stars. You can see the prices online MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw Went to the Ultimate Science Fair held by Yelp. It was awesome. Tons of great people...walked out super toasty and full from yummy foods! Thanks Yelp! MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw  I am used to bigger and better museums.  I wish we had more here Wow... what a great time at he yelp event.!!! Very impressive night.  this place is expensive! and I do not know why cuz they've had the same exhibits for years and years and the exhibits seem to be more stripped down than they used to be. I mean really? an exhibit on building a house? How much more boring can an exhibit be? The Body world was cool  though not really a bit deal. Some exhibits I didn't have the opportunity to scrutinize as much as I would have liked. Most were fine though. My favorite part: seeing the suspended artery networks!"  Ill simply say GO!!.. thats all I feel I can say wthout rambing about how amazing this place is." At the end of the day my nephew even wanted to stay longer which was awesome.  It's fun for everyone :)"  so I will be back a second and possibly third time. I'm waiting for the next Groupon before I buy my ticket." "My classmate and I went to the arizona science center to do a group project. We found it to be quite interresting. We brought along our two little girls ages 4 and 6 and they enjoyed it a great deal. We also saw the body world exhibit that is currently on display. That exhibit was awesome. We learned so much from it. It was extremely interesting and an eye-opening experence for all of us. Even the little ones were askaing questions. The rest of the museum however is more for children MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw  nothing here will interest you. It seemed to all be for ignoramus or children. I was bored."  but luckily we were able to get in with the 3:30pm group. Body Worlds & The Brain was so interesting! We took our time & read every single description next to each display piece. Before we knew it we had gone through the entire exhibit in less than an hour. What bothered me though was the set up  it's not at the level of the Museum of Science and Industry (5 stars) This place is awesome.  So much fun for the kids! So $17 dollars i killed an hour and half at most. This place is really meant for kids....children....under 12...because I even think any kid above 12 would find this place a little boring. I can't believe they even have a membership program...who would want to come here more than once?"  minors and seniors get discounts to be admitted. Try and remember that as you go in." I always leave the Arizona Science Center feeling a little underwhelmed  there are some vegetarian options! They do not offer strollers or lockers at the center. They also have a fun little gift shop with everything science (of course) related called Awesome Atoms. If you hate learning in a fun manner  this was an awesome experience. The staff were super friendly and were willing to actually give you some personal attention. They demonstrated all of their gadgets and gizmos. Again super friendly. So even though this museum is designed for kids  but I can only handle so many middle schoolers at time before I want to scream."  they have tons of cool little sections with things to do.  It is not cheap but we got the annual pass for the exhibits this year since we did the maze and we wanted to come back for the pirate and the Van Gogh exhibit coming next.  Now back to the pirate exhibit "This place often has interesting exhibits. The one they showcased when I went was on the history of a pirate ship and crew Just came back from the Pirate Exhibit!  Loved it!  I had purchased a bogo free ticket from Groupon a month or so ago so wanted to wait for the crowds to die down before going.  So glad I purchased those.  The exhibit is truly amazing!  I really lived out my childhood fantasy since seeing the Goonies when I turned around the corner and saw a pirate chest full of coins just sitting there.  My eyes lit up as if I were five.  So cool!  Right by that show stopper they had an exhibit display where you could actually touch the coins.  They had many artifacts from this lost sunken pirate ship on display and gave a great overall view of life for the pirates spread throughout.  A++  sometimes it's filled with school groups. If you are not in the mood for crowds  my tip would be to make an afternoon of it. Hit Rose and crown for an app and a drink. then SC for a bit. then Bianco for pizza and wine. then get the hell out of my down town you freaking tourist driving the wrong way on a 1 way street (the other tip; READ THE STREET SIGNS or pay the price). Dueces." We didn't go to the IMAX theater/Planetarium  great place to spend the day!" Maybe if you have little kids this museum is fine but it truly was an incredible rip off and not very enjoyable in my opinion." "Went for the Van Gogh experience -- one screen wasn't working and those entering the area weren't told -- not good!  I enjoyed viewing/listening; it was interesting and a different experience MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw It's OK for teens but the younger children we saw there were bored to the point of being somewhat disruptive." p.s.  The exhibit's $25 fee includes admission to the rest of the exhibits within AZ Science Center.  Please note that the Van Gogh exhibit can only be entered and exited once  but that's really cool.  This is a warning.  If you are going in the morning during the school year "Van Gogh Alive...amazing!  This was such a great way to view Van Gogh's art and be immersed in the music of that time.  $25 is a lot for an art exhibit I went to see the Van Gogh exhibit.  It was fantastic!  My only complaint is that I could hear kids screaming pretty loudly out in the science center exhibits.  It took a little bit away from my experience.  there should have been an original painting or two for people to see.  This exhibit was not worth the $25 in my opinion.  Save your money for a museum that can exhibit his originals."  get an annual pass. They really make you feel special - they called me the day they mailed the passes to thank me for being a member and to let me know they were on the way. The admission you pay can be used to ""upgrade"" your pass to an annual if done on the same day."  at least. They validate parking which is free for the first hour."  and the entire science center in a relaxed setting. It was alot of fun as always!" I will have to go back and get in touch with my inner child."  for arranging this.  it was the 2nd Yelp event my wife and I attended and can't wait to see more." My children are girls and they are 10 & 6." We look forward to going back and buying the family membership!"  there are some great and interesting exhibits which makes spending the afternoon there worthwhile. Good place to check out at least once but their exhibits are ever-changing so return trips are more than possible."  it was a full day worth of fun and exploration.  Totally worth it just make sure to bring the hand sanitizer." "I went here for frys free weekend yay thanks frys and thanks to laura for telling me about it! I love this place best museum ever. I'm from San Francisco and I'd say this museum is a mix of the exploratorium and the academy of science. Place is amazing I'm for sure bringing my little brother here not so little brother that is he's 21! The place is soo boob.com!! I'm a nursing major and the found the anatomy and brain department amazing. I spent like 615644 hours there. The exhibits were so cool my favorites were this thing that slides over the body and does a scan over the body showing the parts letting you click on the screen while you glide the x-ray panel. Breath taking All and all a great place I do wish they had a older kid time as the little ones have a difficult time sharing which makes it hard for the older kids to actually get the 'science' out of an exhibit."  so it was a little more for younger ones.  We still had fun and learned a few things! I thought it was a little expensive  we couldn't get it all done in the time we got there.  We should have gotten there when it opened.  The kids didn't want to leave and we didn't even do the Planatarium.  They had games that could be played   and informative and the museum itself was clean.  We went yesterday and had a blast.  The food in the cafeteria was actually good and reasonably priced.  The only downside is that it is VERY EXPENSIVE.  Your admission fee doesn't cover an special exhibits or shows so be prepared to spend big bucks."  but this museum was so small.  The attractions the museum did have were cool and definitely elementary school aged kid friendly.  It just wasn't anything out of the ordinary."  to dial tone.  ARGHHH and frustration abound. They now make all teachers wanting a Title One field trip to go to a worthless class. No exceptions even by experienced educators.  I mean really???? A class on how to learn how to go on a field trip? ""ReallyTIMES2?"" This is is a slap in the face for educators. It would take too long to explain all the problems we had but rest assured it was the worse customer service in the world trying to book our field trip. It took us three months to finally close the deal. There is absolutely no excuse for this. You would think in this economy they would be happy for our business. One phone call had me hanging up on the woman because she was so horribly rude! I will update the review after the trip Mary Beth from the museum contacted me this morning after reading this review in an attempt to make my experience better. I was most impressed by the call. I will update my review after we take the trip. I appreciated the reach out. "The kids had a great time. Tons to do. if I could offer a suggestion they should have a worker at the Forces of Nature display at all times. Everywhere else is well staffed by nice "The Science Center provided a day of fun for my family. We ranged in age from 4-65 and all of us had a blast. If it hadn't been so chilly we would have played outside a lot longer. The Lego transportation room provided quite the challenge for all of us. Of course  we didn't get to see everything in the museum but could quickly tell it wasn't up to par what other cities offer." After this long complaint you may be wondering why I gave them two stars instead of just one.  The one saving grace was that the museum had at least some educational properties to it Great museum.  Great location.  Easy parking.  Fantastic for kids.  Amazing homeschool classes.  I highly recommend getting a membership if you find a good deal. The actual exhibit was interesting. The only way to get from the ticket counter to the exhibit was a small Great time! Lots to touch and play with and learn! Took our 5 year old daughter with the Summer Pass.  including the daily demonstrations usually doing a science experiment.  Stop by the dorance planetarium to watch a show or the IMAX. The IMAX is fun but an extra fee We were very impressed about how modern the Arizona Science Center is! The exhibitions were really interesting and seems to be a great place to visit as a family!  8 and 11 and they weren't that impressed with the place.  I sure wasn't." Tip: Look for a summer pass from Living Social for reduced membership. Maybe that's offered other times of the year as well."  a great night out!  Grab a Groupon and make it a date night.  ;)" We went to see Sesame Street Bodies this past weekend and 5 of the exhibits were broken in that area. Such a bummer when we paid extra to play there. We are members and usually loving going but I think we thought it would be more for what it was. Of course we will go back for the rest of the exhibits but be a bit weary of the Sesame Street one until they fix stuff up!  the nervous system display tags the spinal cord as the brachial plexus. Very disappointing rookie mistake." "We LOVE the AZ Science Center so much that we recently became members and plan to go often. We love the exhibits and the fact that they change out the special exhibits often. I do recommend packing a lunch as the cafe is a bit pricey  I thought the museum was okay.   There were some things that were different from other science museums.   But  especially when temp gets hot. Not as large or innovative as the Exploratorium in San Francisco but an excellent time. One day should be plenty for the kids to see everything. Season passes are worth the money. Wish they would change the main parts throughout the year besides just the special exhibits  it will probably stand as one of my fondest memories of 2013. A day spent learning  there were only 2 beer servers and 1 wine server for many many people. The line went painfully slow and it made it hard to use the drink tickets and visit the center. Many people were actually giving away their tickets because the line was too long. I would attend another ANO again but I hope that they make some changes in the future to the above mentioned things." The architecture was gorgeous. Building is quite pretty and modern. I can't help but feel that there isn't much to see inside though. There were nice exhibits but it could have been a lot better if they added more substance. We went on Veterans Day and the had a poster for the kids to sign for our Military services men and women." "I love the AZ Science Center. My son and I have been coming here for the last 7 years and we love it each time we are here. The center has their permanent exhibits but they always have something new and fun thru out the year so regardless of how many times you go Fun for everyone young and old ! Overall I would definitely do it again but would not pay for the  movie." If you have a toddler best time to come is when school is in session and after 1pm. This place gets packed with school groups in the mornings." AZ science center is great for kids and fun its good for ages 5-11 it has great activities and i have no problem with it I'm really looking forward to see what's next after Snow Week and now that I know how much fun Snow Week is from going this year This place has gone down hill. What used to be in the normal exhibits are now in a paid exhibit hall. It's sad that they have resorted to that to make money. I won't be renewing my membership. The museum is designed for kids. They run in front of you for all the activities. If you're there as a family I'm sure the experience is way better. My wife and I enjoyed it but if we were still waking up for Saturday morning cartoons I'm sure it would be more fun.  even with validation ($8).  There were four floors of exhibits for the children to explore.  Lots of hands-on fun.  My boys really enjoy building the dam to see if it can hold the 85-gallon tank of water.  The human body display was excellent and so was the water-balls display on the first floor." All and all I will surely be back again  this a wonderful and even fun place. Very interactive with lots to do. However  minus at lead one for the cost and many broken exhibits." The water play area was the highlight.  Though my four year old was entertained. . by 2.5 hours we had saw all we needed to see.  I couldn't imagine getting a membership here. . .there just isn't enough to come back to over-and-over again."  I am glad my trip there was free." KucBnMrhalzxnD9AWrxwYQ I do not see why the Arizona Science Center needs my name in order for me to visit."  2014. They did an EXCELLENT job from the first phone call  to the end of the party. Children and adults had a wonderful time and many of the guests took advantage of the free admission to the Center following the party. Five or six staff members were present throughout the party and assisted with activities  but I wouldn't waste money on a membership. It gets old fast."  this place is a bit better for kids than for adults - it's not quite extensive enough to draw me there on a special trip.  They seem to feature interesting exhibits failry often  so a weekday visit would probably be much easier on your nerves."  enough that I would say it is worth getting a membership. During really hot weekends it is a great place to bring the kids to run off energy. I do not recommend spending money on the extra exhibits. So far we have seen the Ripley's exhibit and a couple shows at the planetarium and were very disappointed Lots of fun stuff. Planitarium really neat. Great learning and hands on for kids and the kids at heart. "GREAT place for families with young and adolescent children. The science center has 4 floors of exhibits plus a lobby with a cafe and gift shop. They also have special birthday party packages and summer camps. Ask about the ""bundles"" and ""membership"" because the IMAX Overall I think the Arizona Science Center is a great way to spend the day. I have most certainly been to other science museums in other big cities which have been better but I still had a great time. I would reccommend going here to check it out  I always get entertained by all the cool stuff they offer. You can even get your parking validated for discounted rates. You can learn a lot of stuff by going there. I recommend going to the extra exhibits if you are wiling to shell out a little bit more money. They have a new 4th floor of eco friendly stuff you can explore now too!" "Cool for children... Not so much for adults. I came especially for the mummy exhibit and I was kind of disappointed. I liked the little computer stations that talked about Egypt and the actual mummy. Other than that "I bought a Groupon for 2 adults for the Arizona Science Center. It was my first visit and I was eager to see the Lost Egypt exhibit. We paid for our son separately. I was a little disappointed with the Lost Egypt exhibit but overall The Arizona Science Center is a pretty cool place for adults looking to break the mold  badder museum.  I guess this just goes to show why this State is ranked in the bottom 5 nationally in all things related to the education of children.  Too bad." "Best place for children and adults to go! Absolutely love this place  but had purchased tickets for the cosmic coasters show at the planetarium. So we went to the Lab Cafe and spent $10 on a sandwich and soda. I think that we would have had more fun if all the ""cool"" stuff wasn't extra. If you want to do all this be prepared to spend an extra $40 and that is with out getting anything to eat." It's a great museum for kids with lots of interactive learning. For two adults it was just ok. We probably would've liked the Egyptian display but didn't have enough time to make it worth another $20. The Ancient Ales that we had the privilege of tasting were fantastic but unfortunately only 1 or 2 of the breweries made it the whole 4 hours. We spent most of our night waiting in line for the breweries whose booths were open and didn't get a chance to see much of the Science Center  youths and young at heart. Worth the money. Go early as there are tons to see. So easy to spend the whole day there. ENJOY LEARNING!" "This is definitely a place for families with kids under 10. I've been to many science museums across the US and have walked out completely amazed by the exhibits and ""special exhibits"" that you pay extra for. After my first time to this particular museum My son gives it 3 stars and so do I." While at the science center you will encounter friendly's staff throughout the building.  The staff is willing and eager to assist  patrons learn and enjoy the exhibits. There are so many hands-on things to see and do All the kids around had lots of fun... The place was smaller than expected  but very informative for the little ones....  fun and informative. While visiting we decided to watch the 3D IMAX documentary on Great White Sharks. My 7 year old girl was fascinated and enjoyed the documentary very much (highly recommend). Fun place for both children and adults!" Amazing!!! Glad we bought a membership as after 2 hours still had lots to explore!!!! Can't wait to go back!!! This is such a great place to go over and over again.  The exhibits are always changing and interesting to both kids and those that are just kids at heart!  Ohio which is MUCH smaller than Phoenix and we have a wonderful science center/museum so I was really excited to see how great a huge city like Phoenix's science center was. But boy was I wrong. It's pretty small for what I was expecting There are some parts that you have to pay to get in though." I love this place and my kids love this place.  We have been members for years.  The best part is this membership gets us into other museums throughout the US for free or for a big discount. Does he like the Science Center better than the Children's museum? It's hard to say. But for a half off yearly pass We visited the Science Center for the first time today.. And my kids loved it! We're from the Midwest .. So I was excited to see what this science center had to offer since it was 4 floors. Our kids are 7 and 12 and they had tons of great learning activities for them. We also seen Galapagos IMAX 3D show which I was impressed with and also kept my kids attention for 40 minutes. My only complaint would be there were alof of really neat exhibits we would of loved to do that were broken or shut down.. That was disappointing. But we will definitely return again soon.. And I'm also thinking about getting a membership for the year. "We came here as part of our spring break staycation.  The kids had an absolute blast.  Plenty of activities for kids of all ages.  The only concern is you are nickled and dimed on all the extras like iMax and the Planetarium.  Other than that Groups on a Friday. Couldn't get near the exhibits. Really poor sound control. School groups treated the place as a playground throwing items "Completely unaccommodating if you have an infant. They apparently have no hot water or microwaves in the entire building to thaw frozen milk. I asked the cafe worker and the lady at the ticket desk  just ask for directions and people are more than happy to assist you."  or completely uninteresting. (What finish would you chose for your bathroom? Why does any child care about that?) For $42 for 2 adults and a 3 year old they should keep up the place. And any additional attractions are more money. Such a ripoff."  whether it is a 5 star or a 3 star depends on the exhibit at the time.  Parking can be a little bit of a pain downtown.  If I had a friend in town I don't think I would bring them here unless the exhibit was over the top.  Great for kids though." It was so much fun to explore the science center with not much of a crowd but yet a decent crowd. Everyone looked like they were having a great time relaxing & enjoying being a kid at heart. Definitely recommend going! It's a must experience for adults. A chance to be a kid with no kids around" The place has excess school groups of kids and you can't enjoy the experience. Went early and could not see the displays. Kids screaming and running with no discipline. lots of hands on exhibits that are lots of fun"  but they ran out of beer." Today was a good day." Con: You have to pay extra for planetarium and other special exhibits so it can add up. Food in the cafe was also very expensive and not very tasty at all." "Such a disappointment. After paying over $60 for myself and 2 young daughters (who could NOT wait to go here) just to enter....we spent 5 hours fighting Mesa public school children for our turn on anything. I feel tickets should be discounted to the public when there are this many children on a field trip or they should close one day a month for field trips only. My kids were pushed out of line "My family loves the Arizona Science Center.  We love it so much we have a 1-year membership that I recently activated so that we have somewhere to go to beat the Arizona summer heat!  I actually got the 1-year membership through Groupon (which saved us a lot of $$).  We'll be coming here more often thanks to that!  We came here last Saturday and it was packed!  Anyway  but the only exhibits I remember are the mirror panel that allows two people to ""Swap"" facial features  but maybe that's possibly because it can't handle adult weight. The sneezing display was very funny. The spinning pole display was questionable but maybe I have my mind in the gutter."  entertain & educate but man I would think the one variable exhibit would be included as a member instead of scamming you once you get in for a 30' room exhibit. See my pic for the *additional* costs." One of our favorite Sunday afternoon places to visit. Great visiting exhibits an fun interactive permanent features. Where else can you experience a monsoon and get pooped out of a digestive tract display?  it seems like some parents use it as a daycare center. Thats the impression I got. I did bring my 9 year old who is well behaved. Each room is as if someone let the monkeys loose in the banana cage. Its chaotic. If you plan to visit with your husband Skip it. Really. Take your child to a Sci-Fi movie or buy them a book." I have been a few times and they rotate some of the displays.  Some displays were not in operation (so hopefully they get those fixed regularly).  I would recommend 2-3 hours to see all the exhibits. If pressed for time Do not pay extra for grossology it was not worth it. The displays were really worn and eith too loud or not loud enough. The inside you exhibit is basically the same but waaaayyy better and included in the museum general admission.  3 stars because I felt a bit ripped off The science center in nyc - you can learn about the psychology behind vision and how your brain tricks you... there was the largest gingerbread cookie village for a while 1st Friday of the month is adult night and it was free! Was cool in the planetarium where they had a 3d art show. Very interesting and no kids which was a bonus.  I would. Drove the family downtown to see an imax feature that was posted on fandango only to discover that the Science Center doesn't update their times online. Turns out the feature wasn't playing. For a ""science"" center to be so far behind on tech updates is baffling and disappointing." "They should really change the name of this place to The Arizona Kids Place. It is by no means a Science Center. Awesome experience!! So much fun for the whole family!! So much stuff to do!! The planetarium is my favorite! The kids love the bicycle on the high wire.  so many people! I'm happy they had a kid free zone. So us big kids can get in on the fun stuff they have to offer." Overall it was a great place and my kids really enjoyed it! Definitely plan on coming back next time we are in Arizona!!" What a great place with great staff! We bought a living social deal and went this past Sunday. Our kids were having so much fun except for one who kept saying he wanted to go home. Eventually he threw up :( poor guy. The staff didn't make a big deal about it at all and re issued us tickets so we can come back when he was feeling better! This place truly cares! Thank you so much!  but my kiddo enjoyed the concrete water play area and the home builder exhibits. I wish there was seating in the water play area - only a concrete wall to lean against. Some tyrannical older children who are allowed to roam wild without parent supervision can ruin areas or a day here."  they are interactive.  Using diverse mechanics from kinetic springs and counterweights to complex servos and reclaimed wi-fi video game controllers.  And everything in between.  Take the time to study the plaques in each display the information and story behind his creations and inspiration help draw a connection to the art.  I have taken my kids to many past temporary exhibits  so I am assuming it was a school group) were just standing there looking at them.  The children continued to scream throughout the entire show to where we couldn't even hear it at all.  I know it's not the science center's fault but it was absolutely appalling that their parents let them do it and no one else was there to tell them to be quiet.  I am a mother of 3 young kids (but we homeschool) and I am capable of controlling them so that the museum is an enjoyable experience for all.  People Pretty cool to take the kids there for a day to have fun learning Kids have fun and learn a little something too...now that's a great day!!  Be careful "Snow during the holidays to play outside on the front yard is awesome! The four levels of exhibits are very nice quality and educational. The exhibits seem to be appealing for kids 3-13. I would definitely say admission price is a bit steep being that adults are there to chaperone kids and if 2 adults went with a child  I had a good time here. I can definitely see how kids would just have an absolute blast. All the interactive displays even taught me a thing or two that I forgot from the school days. Would be cool to see a larger electricity  we even learn and try new things!  I don't know about anyone else-but we were there almost 3 hours.  The boys b-days are coming up the end of the month and they've already requested to go to the Science Ctr again-they'll be 8 & 9."  played with all kinds of informative interactive games and enjoyed watching the enjoyment of children discovering and learning new things." Uberconsumer tips: check out the new Create Space and Maker's space on the side.  Sign up for a camp or workshop off the web sight and don't forget to get your parking stub validated. Buy the family year pass and save. Look for the Groupon deals and save more." "Love this place! It could use some more presentations from local scientists The science center is a great place for children and adults. Everything is hands on and educational. The staff at the Science Center and the Create Center were very friendly. While we were at the Creat Center we made cute toys to take home!  I think you'll definitely enjoy learning about random scientific phenomenons and won't realize where the time has gone!"  saves a bit of $$ so make sure to check for deals before heading that way!" "Fantastic and relatively inexpensive spot for the family. Along with IMAX 3D documentaries (constantly changing); the exhibits are great for kids of all ages.  Great outdoor areas around for hanging out. New CREATE section of the center allows you to print items on a 3D printer Fun place for kids and adults to learn and spend quality time together.  The bike attraction was not open but everything else was good.  I really enjoyed the IMAX theatre.  I like to support educational places like this and hope they will keep investing in new and better attractions - then I can add some stars to this review.  I bought a membership pass and plan on returning with guests and friends. "This was a really fun experience! I was in town visiting and this was something I wish I could of done all day long. The exhibits are incredible and extremely fascinating. My favorite part of the center was the forces of nature weather simulator which was a sight to see. I recommend spending the entire day here with friends and family. It's good for all ages! Even adults will find themselves interested in all the cool things in there! Also So great for the kids. The price is steep but the experience is definitely worth it. Try to check their schedules online before you go though for shows etc'  with new things coming and going all the time! I have attended corporate events here. Saw traveling exists. Had birthday parties for 5 year old little girls. Really will put together place." I had bought a membership here because at the time I was homeschooling my son so I figured it would be a great learning environment. Well the fact that you pay so much and still pay for parking I would think it would come with the membership it does give you a discount but still. It seems a lot of the exhibits are outdated or look old... The cafe is pricey and the food doesn't look so appetizing maybe I'm wrong cause we never ate there. I also think with a membership you should be able to get into the featured exhibits which is extra. We enjoyed the weather exhibit... Pretty much everything else was blah even for my kid. Just purchased the year season pass for this place for my son and he loves it! So much to do! Very educational awesome pass time for those long summer weeks. Definitely recommend this place.  but some of the displays were not working or not that responsive. I'd go there again if I was in the area." Fun for all ages. Two adults had a few hours before attending a Diamondbacks game. We wanted to be in air conditioning to avoid the 112 degree Phoenix afternoon. The time we spent in the Science Center was unexpectedly enjoyable. The exhibits were well thought out and participatory. The activities for children were either fun to do as an adult or fun to watch children do. We used a Groupon deal to buy our tickets. "Really a fun place for the kids to learn. Everything is interaction with the kids. Kids were willing to learn about science. Best thing about this place  but that makes for a rotten trip for everyone else. My 3 year old was actually PUSHED by another kid who kept following us exhibit to exhibit and trying to shove my boy out of the way. At this point I want to grab the brat and shove him out of the way but that's how the cops get called. In short  I haven't been their in some time and still they got some much going on and they keep it lively by channing it up and getting you to think and do as well as get ypu up of that couch and get movie They always have fun things for adults and children Fun place to bring young kids. My two nephews were busy the entire time we were here. Only feedback is to increase the employee's efficiency at the entrance. Time took way too long to pay to get in. "My husband and I are both visiting Phoenix and are science nerds. We thought great! The science center is super close to our hotel. It was very expensive. For two adults and two shows (4 tickets total) it was over $70! It was strongly advertised as ""for all ages"". It should be named the Phoenix CHILDREN'S Science Center. Pretty disappointing for the money. For children  i decided that I wouldn't be renewing our membership. Im glad this happened on the day I was going to renew and not tomorrow." "Intel sponsored a Family Week At the museum and we had a fantastic Regular membership exhibits still awesome!" "My husband and I have lived in Chandler 18 years now & this is my third time to the Arizona Science Museum. I brought my brother and nephew from Iowa here today. When I worked at the Motorola Computer Group in Tempe from 1998 - 2002 as an admin in engineering Great place for people of all ages!!!  I could easily spend my entire day on the third floor playing in the weather simulator. I love that they host different exhibits so there's always something new to try. My daughter loves the water area outside and the kid zone towards the back of the first floor. They have a great deal for season passes so this is an excellent air conditioned space to come and enjoy with the family."  you get out what you put into it. So stay off your phones and interact with your kids if you'd like them to actually learn something."  and it isn't very visible from any major streets. But the Hall of Flame is worth the trip -- for both kids and their grown-ups."  I try to think of it objectively. I think they have a lot of interesting stuff if you're into firefighting or have little kids at home. I think it's presented well and theoretically could be entertaining if historical firefighting antiques/artifacts interest you "I visited this place on a recent vacation to Tempe and it was the highlight of my trip. I am an ex firefighter and this place brought back many memories. My favorite was the Hall of Heros  started was a single fire engine.  It was given as a gift and from there it grew.  I'm not a fire fighter aficionado this place was cool. the exhibits were great the kids play area was awesome. we just wish the people greeting us and selling us our tickets were nice. they were down right rude. they seemed annoyed with us  before we even finished paying. maybe because we redeemed a groupon? not sure but it really made of upset. the kids had fun and we enjoyed all the old vintage fire truck "My husband is a Firefighter and my Son loves this place. Warning! People who work there are RUDE and real grouchy!! I do not refer people there strictly due to them. I would not want any of my friends to be treated so poorly. I do take my son just because he is so obsessed with anyting to do with Firefighting. I thought about having his birthday party there "My four year old begs constantly to go to the ""fire museum."" The collection of antique firefighting vehicles/equipment is AMAZING. The kids love being able to get onto a real engine fKwCjTBOmwcbl4XtYRZToQ "LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  We had my 4 year old son's birthday party at the fire museum and everything was fantastic!  The kids were all taken on a firetruck ride  my heart and head go back to the time I was transported as I crossed the threshold to a most intriguing museum of bravery and heroes - The Hall of Flame - Museum of Firefighting!"  8 and 11 year old kids and they had an absolute blast. So much to see and do for all ages. I really liked finding the fire dept patches from my hometown in Illinois in the patch exhibit. I would highly recommend this place for a couple hour getaway." The staff is amazing here. Really great people who are passionate about the trucks. Highly recommend visiting. fKwCjTBOmwcbl4XtYRZToQ  this is so old school.  They hand you a 3 ring binder to take you through the tour.  They do not have information cards at each fire truck.  You have to read this small print in the 3 ring binder while minding your children.  The old guy at the front desk was grouchy on top of it all.  Don't waste your money.  Make a donation to the fallen fire fighters instead." This museum is a must if you are interested in history. It is truly top notch. Dozens of perfectly restored wagons and engines from the last 3 centuries of fire fighting. The descriptions on the walls and in the binder they give you are well written and interesting. This museum is a labor of love and it shows in all the attention to detail. Quaint yet fascinating museum that explores the history of firefighting in the USA and abroad. Reasonable admission costs. Very fun place for kids and adults. fKwCjTBOmwcbl4XtYRZToQ  as a firefighter this museum acts as a window to the past. Every piece is original. There are no replicas. The staff was wonderful Went today and it was fun.  The volunteers were very knowledgable.  $6 for entry fee. "My son and I had an amazing time. It was perfect for my ""future"" firefighter. The gentleman working was great with my son and very informative. It was a lot more interesting than I had anticipated. We will definitely be back."  the museum itself is great and my 3 year old loves it but the woman working there is always RUDE and the toys in the kids area are FILTHY. The place is usually pretty empty other than a few toddler/preschool age kids and maybe one or two adults roaming around. I definitely think the kids are keeping this place open so maybe they should take that into consideration at the front desk and when it comes to cleanliness. (Seriously  my interest in fire trucks can only be stretched so far  it was super hot in the museum. I don't think they have a/c there. It made the trip less fun when it was about the same temp inside as outside in the middle of July." I highly recommend it for families." I took my 14 year old niece and my toddler.  This place really is for older children.  There is only one real fire engine that my toddler could play on "Such nice docents and the museum itself is first class - a really fun activity if you are visiting Phoenix  then this place is great. This is not a place to go if you have young children that want to climb on everything. You are not even allowed to touch the railings that surround the fire trucks. The children's exhibit and the one firetruck that you are allowed to climb on seem like an afterthought.  Beware of the old men at the front as well "Great for the whole family.  Incredibly restored fire engines.  Lot's of cool things to see!   Definitely worth the visit.  You won't have to fight crowds either  this is the place! It's the world's largest museum collection dedicated to fire fighting. Make sure you spend a few hours here. It's very interesting and informative." Wonderful experience!! The guides were helpful and informative! Very easy to walk through and you can take as many pictures and videos as you want. They even rang an old bell and turn style siren for my son. They also have a great kids area for experiential play and a guidebook companion that gives history on the rigs. Also very cheap!! - awesome exhibit but taking my 5 and 2 year old boys was a handful"  mostly exhibits so smaller kids might get bored easily. There is a small play area for children but it was dirty and not a lot to do. Lastly "My husband and I were visiting the area and I found this place when searching ""things to do"" on yelp. We enjoyed it." What a hidden gem! This fire museum is a must see for everyone. All will love it. Wonderfully put together. Has an interactive area for kids as well as a fire truck you can get up on! What a wonderful way to beat the heat in AZ ! Thanks to this wonderfully family for bringing it to all who want to experience fire trucks and history first hand. This place was soooo cool! My husband was a fire man at the time of the visit and when we walked in the gentleman greeted us and began blabbing to my husband and ended up paying my admission and my daughters because he said he wanted to thank my husband for his services to the community. Way unexpected and nice. My husband was let in for free. Very cool attractions here. All kinds of old fire trucks even new ones. They have a little play area for kids to dress up and play. Big place we spent a good 2-3 hours here. They have a little gift shop when u first walk in. Some very cool shirts. I would come back again if in the area. "DOUBLE CAUTION: this place is cool to check out but if you plan on bringing your kids beware of the elderly people who work/volunteer here. The woman especially was quite mean to my seven year old. They have plastic toy fire trucks for sale out on display in the gift shop and my boys were touching them. The lady yelled at them to stop touching them. My 7 year old promptly apologized which was ignored by her. She then proceeded to lock them up in a display case as she grumbled and sighed. Note "Lots of cool stuff to see for my fire truck and fire fighting obsessed kids to enjoy. Didn't appreciate rudeness from museum staff at a place that naturally attracts young children. Upon entry 