 and they do good work. It is an important thing to have a music hub like this in the community." "Every time I wander in here the staff is super friendly and helpful.  Just rented a PA  and it was in great shape "One star for the unpleasant experience I have had at this store. I was treated very poorly by a particular gentleman with an unjustified ego who was working the counter. He dismissed my honest inquiry in a very rude and unprofessional manner. It seems as though he would only care to cater to the experienced musicians who enter his shop. It's a shame he could not assist me with some grace and respect. Because of him excellent service.  really good with the kids.  the owner Joe always provides excellent service  especially for mid-line instruments.  You will do much better taking the drive down to Guitar Gallery in Canonsburg." Thank you Brad and Aaron" Great selection of Fender guitars and amps.  Lots of accessories.  Brad is friendly and helpful. jQbdeplrAxIl8nM-eDeiRw  especially Cymbals! Also the owner & staff were extremely helpful. Skins & Tin Drum Shop is probably the best Drum shop from St. Louis and Chicago! I'll definately be back!" Best drum shop between Chicago and Memphis! I stop by anytime I'm in town. Excellent selection and service. Amazing drum shop! I lucked out and found this while working in Champaign. Stacked from floor to ceiling and wall to wall with new and unique cymbals and a myriad of drum gear. If they don't have it (unlikely) they will get it. Pounce on their awesome cymbal sale in November! EDIT: Sale now is just all the time! So pounce on their awesome cymbal deals at all times!!" I arrived here and was told by the sales individual Sam that he would be right with me and to look around. 50 minutes later they had helped everyone in the line that was behind me originally and offered me poor advice about a product I knew nothing about. I don't know much about instruments but I do know that I am returning my item simply off principle and the way I was treated. "I purchased a viola here in February for 3 months same as cash.  I called them in March when they did not take my payment per the contract and was told that I did not have a balance due on my account.  The person argued with me and altimately refused my payment.  I then received a past due letter in the mail  I observed courtesy to all and prompt service despite a busy Saturday in December (Christmas shoppers). My wife was directed to the music she wanted and when we couldn't locate the piano accompaniment book  I stopped in to pick up a pair of Hearos as a parting gift for him before he went on tour. After visiting other music shops in CU where the staff had no clue what I was talking about (or even worse Check out the competition  for a low price. I had the guitar back within a couple of hours.  The guys who work there and run the place are way nicer than what you expect from most music store employees. They never hassle you or tell you not to touch guitars etc. This place is highly recommended." Customer service was horrible. They lost a $700 sale because the Guy behind the counter was a dick. It's not really close to me but anytime I'm around there I'm gonna be sure to stop in and check out what good they are carrying and hopefully find the gem I've been looking for." "Good selection of effects and used amps. They also have a lot of the 60s lawsuit era guitars and vox  ESPECIALLY if you are a lefty. We have purchased many instruments super cheap for my boyfriend here just because they are left handed and rarely anyone buys them so they want to get rid of it. If your lucky they throw in a free strap or something too. The guys here are very helpful and knowledgeable  I would rather come here than anyplace else because just walking in is a pleasant experience." "The best little music store in Phoenix.  Central Music has been a fixture on Central Avenue (just north of Camelback) for years.  The staff here is seasoned and will help you find whatever you need.  If they don't have it And if you're a light rail rider... you can walk up from the stop at Camelback/Central! :)" There's not a better selection of books anywhere in town that I know of.  We send our students there all the time to purchase common books as well as the hard to find ones. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  bright and organized...love the ceiling papered in sheet music.  Wasn't greeted upon entering and had to wait a few minutes for service which is why four stars.  But the guy who helped me was friendly and helpful.  They had several metronomes to choose from but the acrylic one which makes watching the mechanism half the fun caught my attention... perfect to keep my 13-yr. old on task for trumpet practice!  Great local shop!" sS0CSU89WwFtOiARbckgbQ They are super knowledgeable and make sure you have all the information you need related to your purchase. I was in there yesterday to get a choir performance binder and a piece of sheet music. While one clerk (who I think is the owner) was finding my music online "RUDE AND UNHELPFUL... where do all these great reviews come from... the staff? owner's friends??? I have tried to support this local business 3 times... and each time they have had no interest in making me feel welcome in the shop or answering my questions. I have come in to buy violin parts/accessories for my 8 year old The people at Central Music have sent me a replacement tuner free of charge.  This replacement is very gracious  but never rush or hover over you as you browse.   They can even transpose single songs out of their books for you.  Don't waste your time anywhere else- come straight here if you need a wide selection of sheet music  and they are always asking me if there's something I want that I don't see on the shelf.  They're always very nice in directing me to the music I need to look at.  Without them Very nice people.  Came in to talk about renting a cello for my boy.  Took time to get one out and tune it.  Allowed us to hold and pluck it.  Lots of sheet music!  Will be back! "The staff is friendly and made every effort to answer all my concerns. It's on a small strip mall and its a very small space but they offer most comprehensive music needs. Not a place to go to purchase instruments but all other needs like accessories "I got my first Violin at AZ Music when I was in about third grade. The staff and assortment of instruments and supplies were very impressive. I always came back to get sheet music and new strings and eventually a new violin. They have a huge selection of band and orchestra instruments as well as a few electric guitars. Don't let the small shop scare you away  and were exceptionally kind to him (since he felt so bad about dropping his other guitar).  We think this shop is great.  Don't let the location or the condition of the store fool you.  The guys all have been there for years SOMIalSJTUb2yGCe4mhg-A "We stopped in here the other night because my son's saxophone needed repairs. I expected to drop it off "I buy a lot of the small things I need here like springs and other hardware for my drums. The guys are all good and they like to work with you Skip the other place a couple blocks away and go here." SOMIalSJTUb2yGCe4mhg-A  but in no way did they offer to try to make it better or even apologize for the additional damage they did. A completely shameful way to do business. Customer beware." "I find Harmony House Music a great place to shop for almost all my music needs. The review before me I find to be a nervous shopper. The staff watches you to make sure they meet ALL your needs. I found the staff very friendly and helpful. I bought a New Fender Ultimate Chorus Amp This is hands down the best music store in the valley...service is outstanding and they are very ethical! They keep a nice stock at reasonable prices and are authorized Fender and Gretsch dealers. They also have a nice stock of pianos  and kindness. Recently bought my daughter a used flute. Great flute. Great deal. Happy kid. Thank you for promoting harmony in my home Harmony House."  no pressure store.  Jon the owner seems always available to answer questions.  Every repair issue was resolved no fuss fixed that same day in store or they provide us a loaner.  The musical instrument tutors at Harmony House were wonderful with my boy and reasonably priced.   The store encompasses several sections of an older strip mall.  There is a guitar/strings area My local music teacher girlfriend referred multiple students here and saw great results!" "Only a handful of times have I gone online purposed to leave kudos for an outstanding service/business and Harmony House's time is now. Brief and to the point: they are fully trustworthy. Over the 8+ years since I discovered them I have never been disappointed with their prices  etc it was going to be about the same as trading in the guitar and getting a much nicer one that was also used...  I always worry about trading in  but it is so refreshing to find a business that isn't trying to trick you into paying more than you have to. Jon was so honest about my daughter's violin repair and helped us purchase the needed items to get her broken instrument working again. Other music shops wanted me to just buy a new instrument 