"I've only been there a few times but it was a nice place - good staff Always good vibes at Shadow!" Among the best of the 'burgh.  Great live acts on a regular basis.  the sound system is a complete BANGER with crisp and clean sound.   The crowd is mad cool and always responsive to good music.  Shadow Lounge really holds it down for Pittsburgh's scenes no matter the genre.  Can't visit Pittsburgh without stopping by Shadow Lounge."  cafes are bountiful. Ever since the first time I stepped foot in Shadow Lounge a sense of familiarity and peace overwhelmed me. Gotta give it up to the owner There was also another room with couches and big TV and another club (?) linked to Shadow Lounge that looked more hip-hop and danceclubby. There was no dancing going on though and the room was rather empty."  it was impossible to get a drink at the bar. There were two bartenders trying to serve 300 people. In sum  and nice environs! Go here!" "Just relocated to Pittsburgh (2010) and heard about this place. Saw two concerts (Bilal and Tobbey Boney) for under $30 bucks each.  The drinks are yummy  plue DIRT CHEAP!   The owner ( dude with a fro think beard) is really nice.  Heck Great club bar lounge venue. Great mix of people and music with decent bartenders and good prices on beer.  and not just standing and staring on the side lines. Did I mention that it was a live 10 person salsa band? Yes I will be back every time I am in Pittsburgh!"  I went here to check off another life list item...SPOKEN WORD! I did it! The crowd was open & welcoming to all that performed. There are some awesome artists in Pittsburgh! Also for $5.00  but tasty. The key lime pie martini and the steak burrito are a great pairing! I continue to love this place ZDKi3qsO8lSSogrIdbLJKg "Absolutely amazing! Great staff and service! Best music in Pittsburgh  or mix up something special and surprise you if you would like. Again...I'm probably not cool enough to hang out with them I just went to their Titletown Soul & Funk Party and it was a really great time. Great music Best jazz open mic I've ever seen. Possibly the best in the U.S.  it's a great way to enjoy the band and still carry a conversation.  Definitely stop by and check it out- you won't be sorry!" Who wants to go with me on a Wednesday for ~experimental~craft~drink~ night? Oh  but the grilled cheeses moved this review from a three to four star rating. Fun night  AVA is one of the most underrated place in Pittsburgh for night out." There were zero other people here aside from my friend and I.  and not even a good view? not the best venue i've ever been to..." I hope to stop in again soon . It is worth the trip."  because I think it's a place we don't have anywhere else and I'm happy to have been finally!"  some places in Pittsburgh can not offer.  Ava offers that and then some.  The atmosphere is awesome and gives off a neo soul vibe.  All of the Bartenders are friendly and can mix a mean drink (especially Asante) This is the only place I will go for happy hour or just to chill and have a drink.  Justin and staff keep up the awesome job ...Ava is my favorite spot It's local music folks.  Come out and support it!"  which is fine for me. The covers are cheap and they get some great acts. I went to see State College's Miss Melanie and the Valley Rats  no food (you can bring in food from Starlite Lounge a couple doors down). The only reason im even giving this place two stars is because its a blues bar. I saw Savoy Brown here tonight and it was one of the best shows iv ever seen" "Love this place it's one of my favorites!!! Sure it's considered a dive!!! But that's moondogs!!! Wonderful acts! Bartenders bust their ass! Management and staff are friendly!!! Best part?....NO GRUSHECKY that I've ever seen!!! It's holds dear memories for me!! Have met some wonderful and dear people there!!! Give it a try if you aren't a pretentious "In my opinion the Visualite has the best shows in Charlotte.  This place isn't large but they consistenly book solid acts.  The inside is dark with a large wooden bar and there is tons of seating considering it is such a small space- there is open space in front of the stage for dancing Be sure to check out ""The Noises 10"" here. A great local band that seems to place here 6-8 times a year." I always meant to go back but it never happened." "If I could see a show at the Visulite Theater every time I come to Charlotte I would. I'm not sure how long the theater has been around - but I grew up here in Charlotte and never knew about it until about two years ago  you can hardly see anything.  Otherwise it's a cozy little theater and the bartenders are only slow because of the size of the crowd.  They definitely work hard."  I was a guest of a Spinal Tap tribute band (awesome!!!  I did the make-up for them) performing there recently  for a local music rag  and almost feels like you have stepped into a time warp....like some sort of dimly lit lounge from the '50's.  The first place I ever saw a concert in Charlotte and I was hooked.  The prices are standard bar  but that's the price you have to pay to see live music in Charlotte."  one you wouldn't think possible in the city of Charlotte. So get there early & remember to bring your cash for the Blue Cups!" I've also been impressed with the service at the bar each time I've gone. I guess I just expect to wait forever for a drink  which is always a plus.  I hate going to really mainstream venues where the security and bartenders just blankly stare at the guests.  These guys are nodding along to the tunes and thoroughly feeling the grooves.  Someone told me that this place used to be a porn studio back in the 70's Definitely  a fun place to party. That much is obvious." i would definitely like to see another show here."  it's really comfortable and the band is always in good view. The club is managed well and typically has a good show listing. Bartenders could be better eNIDbboNe7W_rAnNHoveEA I saw a Colour Academy and Public Radio concert at Visulite. It is a sweet spot with a tables and chairs option or a pit in front of the stage to stand or dance in. Wide selection of beers and other drinks for a decent price. My only complaint at Visulite was the smoke. I'm not a smoker myself and I hate leaving places smelling like stale cigarettes. I've been going to the Visulite since it opened.  It's my favorite live music venue in Charlotte.  So many great bands have hit this stage.  Most of the staff have worked here since the beginning.  Great atmosphere.  Many wonderful memories! eFxX1tSNLmVkAP9kNv2--Q Great place to see a band.  Just wish it was closer to my side of town.  so much so that the artist requested that people stop talking.  I couldn't hear the music due to all the people noise Definitely prefer Double Door and Neighborhood Theater to hear music...."  and we were able to watch a couple bands without having to stand on our tip-toes and press against the crowd.  All in all  but it seems like they have several drafts and lots of bottles that include microbrews. One thing I tend to take for granted but which I must commend - there are so many stalls in the women's bathroom that I've never had to wait in a line no matter how crowded the venue... a rarity at live shows! Back to the music - there are always a good variety of artists bands playing the Visulite during a given month I have been to many shows here - thanks to the Visualite for getting this small place right!"  cheap tickets to see great live music. All around a cool venue and a great time. I can't wait to go back!" What I love most is you can sit or stand and see the entire stage even being short like myself.  The drinks are priced right and the service is friendly." It's a win- win for all!" I have seen quite a few great shows here and I would say it's an all around fun time "I was at the Visulite Saturday night and it was a terrible experience. I bought tickets online 2 days prior to the show. It was listed as a headliner and that the doors opened at 8pm with 2 opening acts. We got there right on time and were denied entrance. Jam Base had listed it as one show and when I bought tickets on the Visulite website it was for 1 show. We were aggressively all told that we would have to pay for the first person on stage or we would have to come back later. What? Then we were told I have been to the Visualite many times. The venue is small with a nice setup for those that want to stand up close and for others who want to relax at the high top tables.  They have a pretty decent beer selection. The stage looks almost dreamy with a painted design framing the artist. Even though the venue is small the stage has enough room for a decent size band.  the layout of the place is why I like it so much.  The sound is great too.  You can't have a great music venue without great acoustics!  I always look forward to a show here."  but there are always some good shows to be seen throughout the months. Cheers!"  with a chill crowd and atmosphere that make this more than a worthy venue for any live show or concert." "Great small venue! I went here to see Holy Ghost Tent Revival and Brave Baby awhile back. This was my first trip to the Visulite and I loved it. The setup of the stage is unique. There is seating several feet back from the stage on an incline then a space right in front of the stage below the seating If you're going to see one of your favorite bands get there early. They have great seating at each level so you can sit comfortably about 30 feet from the stage if you're there early."  get there early!  There are several high top tables around the place that have great views of the stage but they are obviously first come first serve.  When those doors open and the people start flooding in  and it had the right amount of liquor... If another fave artist of mine comes there to perform This venue is one of my favorite places in Charlotte.  We've seen some awesome bands come through there through the years and look forward to many more! "Such an under appreciated venue in Charlotte. I would rather see a show here than that crap pavilion in University any day- what's its name now??? I have seen several shoes here over the years and it's a great place to get a drink  parking is easy & FREE. The acoustics are fantastic! I have been to 6-7 shows in the last 4-5 months there and I am never disappointed. The ONLY complaint I have is this: the bar tab closeout takes waaaay too long. The bartenders hand write your tab? They have to get a more modernized tab computer set up. Also  don't change a thing." Cool venue.  If you love live music then this place is for you.  Strange bands but cool seating if you arrive early. "I really like The Visulite. It's larger than I expected it to be from the outside but it still had an intimate feel to it. Went to see Brave Baby play here last winter and they put on a great show - check 'em out if they're playing near you. The acoustics in here are fantastic I fully believe that whatever you might find less than optimal about the people or the place "Favorite Charlotte musical venue! They give the option to have a high top table or standing room. They have a huge bar and live music has always sounded great here. I have been to shows for Brett Dennen Only good thing was Delta Rae."  but great for sitting and listening to some interesting bands. The sounds quality is better than I expected. Beer prices were a little high for the size of plastic cup you received. Overall we had a great night." Great Jazz and they even let people stand in.  Some high schooler was amazing on the harmonica.  As a big Slim Harpo fan I was very impressed.  The scene wasn't smoky at all.  Very nice although the crowd was small.  and Double Door Inn are a dying breed. It is your duty as a live music supporter to exercise your right to enjoy this craft in a setting that is up close and personal  it is hard to deny that you can't have a great time with Charlotte music. Decent beer selection and regular visits from the legendary Bill Hanna (at least legendary for Double Door Inn visitors) solidify the Inn as a location for musical bliss any night of the week." "My dad was a bouncer here in the 70's and my first visit was with the old man. I couldn't imagine any better venue in Charlotte. They even had a live band on Christmas night the last time I was in town. Can't say enough  so coming here often is a pre-requisite for us.  This venue has been around forever and you can really tell....it's oozing with history from the pictures on the walls to the original bar.  There is always something going on at the Double Door When I lived in Charlotte I was at the Double Door every Monday night for the Monday Night All-Star Band.  I have found love at the Double Door and I have found some of the best live performances I've ever seen.  To this day I tell anyone who is going to be in Charlotte to check it out.  From bikers to yuppies everyone fit's in.  The only way you can't fit in there is to just decide you're not going to.  Cold beer in cans and bottles.  Liquor.  Incredible music.  Dancing.  Mingling with the opposite sex.  Awesome bartenders.  History.  It's all there. Pretty much the spot for local blues.  Diverse music line-up so you may want to check the website.  Clapton played there!  the Production Manager Sound Engineer at the Double Door Inn.  Just happened across our venue here on Yelp! and was extremely honored to see so many people saying such nice things about our room!  Thanks so much to all of you for coming out and enjoying live music with us.  Its something we LOVE and we're lucky to be able to share it with you!  As Sabrina mentioned in her review  especially on a Monday night. Great music. NC's oldest Blue's Club. GO ON MONDAY NIGHT!" MZBF4LqZrT5yefELVbUhfg "No better place to listen to live music in Charlotte than the DDI...a historic and very intimate venue recognized as the ""Oldest Live Music Venue East of the Mississippi"" and holds the title ""Oldest Blues Club In The U.S. Under Original Ownership"".  Legendary performers like Eric Clapton Great place to go for both local and national acts. Everytime I've been it was a great experience. This building breeds history and I was proud to experience it my last night in Charlotte." "Nick's got a good thing going here.  DD's live music history is second to none in this part of the country.  Great lunch place "Only been here a couple of times but enjoyed it each time.  The only reason I'm not giving it more stars is due to the parking.  Unless something has changed since I was last there Come out and support live music!  Stop by the Double Door and give a band you've never heard of a chance." Q76FbDBBw4Mm3RZ34cpZfg We are lucky to have this venue in Charlotte. Every time I walk through the door. Amazing live music. Thank you Double D & Bill for gving the up and coming musicians an opportunity." "There is only ONE spot to go on a Monday night in Charlotte for live music!  It does not get better than the Double Door Inn!  There is a cover but it is worth it!  The bluesy music Due to the kinda sketchy area & the parking situation  great drinks specials and very casual.  They also have a pool table and old school pinball machine. They have a patio as well  I swear it was hotter than bikram yoga.  The smoking area outback is too small to be classified as a patio.  And fyi- if you value your hearing I recommend keeping a pair of earplugs in your back pocket.  All in all I look forward seeing more awesome shows at this historic southern gem."  and the shows will not disappoint!"  I'll probably come back for a good band but all 3 times it exceeded my expectations.love this place.a piece of history too.they have been around for quite a while :).the purple school bus-i think was one of the groups i heard-i loved them !!!!!!!" I really loved the atmosphere of this place. It reminded me of one of my favorite bars in Chicago so it really felt like home. The bartender was a great guy who was friendly and kept the drinks coming. I saw a few fun bands while I was there and the sound was great. Anyone looking for a friendly environment with good service and great sound should definately check this place out.  fun venue to catch a show." A great honor to perform on the same stage with some notable artists like Eric Clapton I never think of this place as having food but I have ordered a sandwich there before.  I am not sure if they still do that.  I do not normally see people eating there.  The sandwich was not bad but I would probably go for something else before I got there if I had the choice." My virgin experience at Double Door was good enough so that I would def return.  Don't go to Double Door expecting some sort of top-shelf Suffice is to say that I love this spot. Probably wouldn't come in to enjoy a Miller High Life on the regular  be sure to spend some quality time scoping out the wall decor. There's a lot of history and humor hung up there. There are tvs around the bar to keep you up to date on sports and news. In the back is a patio and a gameroom with a few arcade pinball games and a pool table. The key part of this intimate setting is that as soon as a band takes the small stage The drinks are well priced and they have specials on the regular. But I have to say the most disappointing thing is the cover charge. It's pretty high for Tuesday night and I wonder if it changes depending on who's playing. So I imagine if the casual atmosphere costs $12 plus whatever I want to drink  but they had some really good songs and were talented musicians. We spent about 4 hours there and it was a really fun time. Next time I visit  we had to purchase more tickets at the door. The band was great and we had good time anyway. Guess the best advice The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars- it is inconsistent with their band bookings. Sometimes it is really good and other times it is ""meh"". They definitely don't seem to pick up on traveling indy bands (they seem to go to other venues in Charlotte instead)" What a superb venue for a blues band or a rock show. Skinny building with Billiiards table in the back and a PacMan game. Bar with not fairly priced beers won't break the bank. We saw Steepwater and Heywire both excellent Blues bands. Catch them when they are back.  cheep drinks and great joke joint vibe!  Loved seeing Tony Joe White here!!!  I can't wait to go back sometime." The Double Door Inn is a great place to see live music. It's located essentially on CPCC's campus which gives it a much safer feel than some of the other venues in Charlotte. Came to see Hamilton Loomis play here on 2 different occasions. The parking lot is small but we found a parking space with relative ease. The sound in this place can be hit or miss but I'm willing to overlook that. The staff was friendly but they all seemed rather bored. The chairs are wood which can make for discomfort by the band's third set but that's my only real complaint here. Great bartenders. Cheap beer. Pool and foosball. This is a place where you'll see folks of all ages Great local place. Don't come here hungry though! No kitchen!" Parking lot is small and on the side of the bar. Get there early! There is extra parking across the street." "Just heard that this place is closing in a couple of months.   That's a damn shame.   I just moved to Charlotte last year and got to experience this place last  night.   It's great!   There's lots of history here  it's sort of the CBGB of Charlotte if you will.  The original graffitti on the walls dates back to the 70s (look for stuff written by bands like the dead kennedy's) and is the only thing used to decorate.  This place is a really small concrete hole  etc. all over the place.. giving it a personal touch.  The stage is pretty small and the venue is obviously very aged.  The sound was pretty good  which makes it the best place to catch some hardcore rock!  There are Playboy magazines scattered around the bar and obscenities and tagging all over the walls.  It is pretty intimate so don't come here unless you want to sweat and if you like this type of music that really shouldn't be a problem.  The place has been around for decades and it is really like the CBGB's of Charlotte." Warning: There is a makeshift ATM-like machine at the bar. My friend had trouble with the machine and it's a bit sketchy It doesn't get any better than this. My heart overfloweth. Make sure you bring cash unless you care to deal with their less than comforting ATM behind the bar set up." J7XRfg3ScS5K7UyM5Te-ng  but it's lovely.  There is always something to be said for a divey music bar (every town should have one) I will warn you that the ATM looks like it was created my Macgyver (you punch your card # into a phone and get cash from the doorguy) so come with greenbacks."  I've never gotten sick from a place but the amount of ciggarette smoke is so excessive that I need to take the next two days to mourn the clothing I may have lost Walls are covered with historical and new graffiti and stickers which is great to gawk at. I wish they'd work on their sound though... pretty horrible J7XRfg3ScS5K7UyM5Te-ng I enjoyed 3 hours of ear-splitting punk rock with a much younger and infinitely cooler clientele of the Milestone.  Fortunately I came with a hipster friend who lent me some cool points. Most of the bands were not signed and some were clearly novices If you are looking for a punk show in Charlotte this or the Snug are your best bet." Don't get me wrong folks. If you go there with good friends to hear a good band you'll have a fun time. It's just that now that I'm 41 years old I'm a bit less tolerant of subpar facilities than I used to be  be awesome and park in the mud and make it a story! Cheers to the Milestone and many years to come of kicking some serious rock ass!" I don't know about nirvana but I'm pretty sure I saw black flag their it looked like a small house the stage was just a raised board so called punks slam danced one dressed like a doctor afterwards the band just walked off the stage and drank with the crowd.  and I already mentioned great music. Go to the Milestone."  don't be scared - there's a pretty nice beer selection as well.  For only 4 refrigerators they fit a lot of options inside." My favorite aspect though has to be the almost monthly wine dinners that the shop puts on in conjunction with some of the best restaurants in the Charlotte area. They are always extremely reasonable in price "Surprising find by some good friends. This wine bar had a great patio to hang out and drink wine. They also had a pretty great selection. The selection was more randomly broad  outdoor patio(where you can bring you dog).  All of this right by the lake.  These guys also schedule tastings and pairings at some local restaurants.  Ranging from (25-80)ish per person It's worth a drive from anywhere in the Charlotte area to see what the UCB has been keeping to itself. This place is equally impressive for the intimate conversation of a first date  take your dog and enjoy an adult beverage next to the lake." "Great place for a pre-dinner or post-dinner glass of wine.  Nice relaxing patio right by the lake.  Wine and beer. A few snacks I'll definitely give it another chance sometime. Hopefully they'll work on their snacks and cheeses! It wouldn't be too hard!" I have to admit that this place doesn't come to mind too much during the winter; but every summer the Wine Vault manages to stay on my ever-changing list of places that I want to be."  but even without a kitchen they need to put together some kind of nosh plates and simple edibles to go with their wine and beer selection.  Duh." Great wine list price not to bad either... Come during the evening enjoy a nice brezze off the pond while you sit outside and people watch... **Something I'd like to see wine vault do:  set up easy recycling" DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE... DRINK then DRIVE.. (SOBER)" "I've been going here for years (college and after) ! i love the atmosphere and the location.  Most of the staff I've encounter are overall friendly expect for the manager-a RACIST! I think here name is Lisa (unless they have more than 1 manager) Other than that...great place for conversations We'll be regulars after moving to Charlotte!"  food options and the selection is over priced. I've experienced rude workers from time to time. If there staff was a little bit more kind and their prices weren't so high  I bought some crackers and cheese from inside. After about 30 minutes they asked us to leave the tables and sit elsewhere because ALL of their tables were reserved for people drinking. They were very rude about it. This will not drive me away from coming here The staff is friendly and seem to know their stuff. I am a little disappointed in the by-the-glass menu. I visited in May and again in September and nothing had changed. Pretty disappointing in that regard."  went here earlier in the summer and tried it again a few weeks ago . They have a wide selection of wines and the employees are happy to assist in helping you chose a wine. There isn't a ton of seating that's the only drawback at least inside there isn't but other than that a nice chill spot to hang out." "Hands down the best way to improve mental health:  a glass of wine at the Wine Vault.  They are always pouring something tasty by the glass so you don't have to be ready to commit to a bottle.  Sometimes it can get pretty crowded on the patio especially at the end of the week in summer  and patio in Charlotte!!!" A nice and friendly place to sit outside and drink. Always a good time. Excellent set up for any weather situation. They tend to have live music on Fridays and Saturdays. The Wine Vault sells local beers an wine ice cold available for purchase by the glass and bottle. Very knowledgeable staff and chill atmosphere. Dog and kid friendly as well.  fellowship and live music. I don't venture too far away from my living area due to the great ambience and experience of the Wine Vault. Having great & late night food options a few steps away is a added benefit as well." Tip: wed 7pm tastings.." Love this place! Huge beer and wine selection and well priced. Location is great by a cute pond and live music is regularly there during warmer weather. My favorite thing here by far is that they are dog friendly inside and out Great selection of beers and wines.  Fridays and Saturdays with live music.  Wonderful atmosphere! The inside (especially the furniture and bathrooms) could use an update upgrade. But maybe the little bit of ""grunge"" is part of the appeal for some!" I love finding places that will be added to your rotation of favorite spots. Tucked away in a shopping center near UNCC is the Wine Vault. Sit outside and people watch or brig your pup (there were some inside when I visited) and split a bottle of wine (responsibly of course) with some friends. The glasses we sampled were $7-8 and were a proper pour. If you are in the University area this is the best spot to grab a glass or two of wine  in a non-chain hotel bar.  fantastic prices. You can easily get 3 great craft beers for less than $10. Go on the weekends  I almost didn't want to talk! Bring your laptop and a book to read over a glass of wine and you will have a great afternoon." "Great place and awesome ambience. My mom and I loved the wine. Only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the female employee was rude to my family after we bought a bottle of wine. Let's be clear... If you work at a place "Stopped into The Wine Vault this past weekend for a ""Pictures w Santa"" pet-charity event and had a really good time.  The ambiance was cool and the wine shop was just precious! With lots of fine wines and a dining area + patio set up  as I do not live close at all. But it is worth coming down here in the spring and summer. Great wine selection. You will find any wine here. You can purchase a wine per glass that they have on the menu or you can pick a bottle Nice place with outdoor and indoor seating. Glasses of wine are priced well. But someone needs to talk to the wine tasting bartender. We go wine tasting frequently and their pour barely allows you to taste each offering. $5 for a few drops and you don't even get to keep the glass.  and these are perfect for a weekend afternoon.  I would probably return to the Hody more if it weren't for the small inconsistencies in the food and the slight hostile feeling that I sometimes pick up from the regulars Overall it an ok place to go to get a few drinks. Sadly its one of the better bars in Middleton. Not as much of a dive as the Club Tavern or Bristled Boar and not as Towny as Pauls grill ....And if your into older trashy women this place is for you."  but I think you can customize. Otherwise a decent bar with average prices and service. Good TVs and a very local crowd. I think they have small bands on the weekends." Anytime I've gone at night the crowd is a little rough looking and the music is too loud. But going in the early evening or for lunch usually works pretty well." SO CHEAP! Out bill was around $20 for 4 people!?"  partly cuz they advertise half price apps during the game and partly cuz of their presence in 'Madison Cocktail' book.Service was sketchy at best.Waited 10-15 minutes for a beer and then was advised only 'select' apps were half price [2-3 of 16 on menu]?! Hmmm.Also use of the cocktail book was viewed as a nuisance. I say if you sell them readily accept them ...In summary  the beer was not very cold but the prices were ok for the area.  This place needs to place more emphasis on bartenders that are courteous and clean in appearance.   Probably the longest wait for a drink in an unpopulated establishment!!  Tip accordingly"  or some place my mom would hang out. Little disappointed with my beer too. My Spotted Cow tingled as soon as it hit my tongue Went to the Hody bar with some co-workers.  Was having a nice time and the all of the sudden the bar tender came unglued....it was 1:45 and she started screaming at us to leave the bar.  She said she was going to have a nervous breakdown and didn't want to deal with us.  She was screaming.  I didn't want to leave her a tip but my boss was with me and said I should in case she shares tips with the others.  We won't ever go back after being treated so poorly....no wonder we were practically the only customers in the place.  and they always have ""the game"" on. The beer is cheap. In the summer time its always cold from the AC. On weekends it can be hard to attract a bartender as this place always seems to be packed by said locals watching the band. So take it for what is worth."  or maybe we were overdressed or underdressed (unlikely) or maybe we had the wrong haircut. Maybe they only serve locals. There weren't remotely interested in us or our business. It was uncomfortably weird. Wednesday night  but no one even brought us water. After over 5 minutes we left. Their bloodies didn't look that good anyways. Was so perplexing. Wasn't even busy "In my opinion service here has always been sketchy at best.. Stopped in on Christmas Eve [it was the only area place open].. but this time service was outstanding  and Leather and Lace is good if you like dancing around a lot of people.  Sabbat de Sade is fun for public BDSM. Sometimes there are cool live bands."  so there is a dance floor with not-so-fancy lighting. 3 bars in the back and a little lounge area. Smoking is allowed PS - watch out for the steps when heading towards the back.  I've seen so many people fall face-first over that thing!  =)"  really hate that I reek like an ashtray after going dancing here. I would come here much more frequently if it weren't for the smoke. I hate that in the winter I have to freeze my ass off walking into the place because I don't want to have to get my coat dry-cleaned to get the smoke smell out of it if I brought it in with me." XTGb5b3LBuhWHhJS1xPnQQ Happy to live in a city with a club like this. We came on a tame Sunday night for Naked Girls Reading. It was really fun to do something different from the usual Capitol bar scene. A friend of mine goes to Inferno's many theme nights I love the fact there is a club like this in Madison.  a really quant sitting lounge area and 2 bars. The place is very stylish with great color scheme. The bartenders are very knowledgeable on drinks and friendly and quick. The prices are moderate for drinks. Easy to get to. Easy parking. It seemed very friendly and inviting both times. To bad the inferno isnt in my neighborhood! :)" XTGb5b3LBuhWHhJS1xPnQQ  but the place is great! It has a really nice atmosphere and looks a lot nicer than the clubs I've been to before. The floors weren't sticky and overall the place was actually really clean. I really wasn't expecting that especially since I went to one of the fetish nights. It's a lot smaller than I was expecting. I guess that's probably the difference between clubs in smaller cities and big cities. It's not that big of a deal to me 1j7xdgHkm-zU036o9EOUDw  and the highdive does not have its own lot.  there are no un-metered spots for miles.  the public transportation in champaign is not world class (and i really didn't want to find far away parking and hop on a bus after the long drive to get here)  actually.  It's a very tolerable and enjoyable venue.  I'd easily recomend this for anyone in Central Illinois to check out."  be sure to clear your schedule and hit it up. You won't regret it (and you might not remember it)." It's been years...but I loved going to shows here while I attended ISU.  Very intimate venue to see your fave bands play with good food and libations.  a great place to grab a cheap drink and listen to some live music." All towns would be so lucky to have a music venue like The Highdive.  I have to agree with Jess S. on her review; there are not many places like this in the Midwest Worst bar I've ever been too. Would never recommend to anyone. Pay $15 dollars for cover and expect a complete waste of your money. Never will come back. Ever.  my friend and I stood in the middle. The crowd is mixed according to the band; I saw some people get into the music while some just stood and swayed to the music. The High Dive would be a great experience if you were into the band. I know CHVRCHES came to the High Dive and I would have loved to go  premium seats are definitely hard to get and you have to stake out your spot early. There's almost always a special - even on the weekends so it never hurts to ask. There is a bartender here with impressive mixology skils! Like  at the end if the night it was left out to tender. Disgraceful! Anyone could have taken it!"  which provided for excellent seating looking up at the stage.  The bar stools as well as table and booths along the wall were all fantastic for watching the show.  They serve drinks in real glasses and the prices weren't horrible.  The sound was nearly perfect.  I would love to come back.  It's a great location in downtown Champaign.  There is a parking lot nearby  (like Rogue Dead Guy and Bell's Oberon) and a shuffle puck table/new Golden Tee. Pre-Yelping the place in my head I was resigned to give them 2 stars as a recognition of such efforts Overall it was a nice place to sit outside and visit with friends.  It was not crowded at all.  In fact I went for the dollar beer again and met a friend for dinner.  I had the grilled chicken buffalo wrap.  The flavor was good but I think they use canned chicken for the grilled chicken and the bacon was rubbery but other than that it was not too bad.  The homemade potato chips that they served with the wrap were excellent. Always a fun time.  A place that should at least be given a try * * for awesome outdoor seating" Misses the 5th star for lack of indoor seating and no real food selection for a place you would imagine would have a great full kitchen." UPDATE: Forgot to mention this place deserves 1/2 more star because they replaced overrated PBR with HIGH LIFE for their ultra-cheap draft beer!  Yum!" * The beer tastes watered-down and the food is ridiculously bland and over-priced."  the decent beers and the average but very cheap food... I HATED that as a gay couple we felt really weird with all the drunk 30-40 somethings disapproving and some strange looks from staff... however things seem to have changed in that regard and we haven't had any adverse experiences in the last 6 months. Yeay." Cowboy Monkey tries a bit too hard.  And on Friday nights is absolutely infested with frat bros.  WTF.  That said The outdoor seating is nice as long as there's no one puffing around you." $2 PBR bottles all night long.  Attentive and nice barkeeps.  Mix of 40somethings and college kids.  Decent sound.  Class organization all around." "Decent music spot and great in nice weather to sit outside and have a beer.  But do not go there hungry  but if you have never been to a really cool place then I guess Cowboy Monkey will do. I saw a lot of older people and not many young people  I ordered the gazpacho. It was bad. It was really just pico de gallo with more cucumbers. Not a soup but more of a raw salsa with large chunks."  Cowboy Monkey does not serve their tasty Tex-Mex fare during winter or early spring. They open just in time for EbertFest at the end of April. If you like Americanized Mexican food  to sum it up I got punched in the face by an enthusiastic dancer and got WAY overcharged.  So "Definitely a solid place to go for some Mexican style pub food and a brew during the summer. This place is nice and intimate for venues as well  and wrote NO TIP on the tip line. Later my cleared bank statement says the jerk gave himself a $5 tip! That is not ok!" if you are looking for a dj who cranks out the frat favorites of 2007 and does it loud and proud... you will love this bar.  if you are looking for a chill place to hang out with your friends and have a couple decent beers Great patio. Odd bathroom set up. A nice little cocktail menu for a slightly more upscale dancy bar.  Would go again...mostly for convenience.  :)  if you are not a fan of sweet drinks do not get the flavored margaritas  it is totally out of place in the downtown area.  And let's not talk about food  we got a gift certificate to the bar and bought rounds of shots. Cannot think of a better way to spend a sunday." Love the salsa dancing here! This is a great place to sit outside and enjoy a cocktail and the weather."  don't sweat it; just walk to one of the many other good bars in downtown Champaign. We started going to the Tuesday-night trivia at Jupiter's at the Crossing Great during the spring/summer/early fall because of outdoor seating!  Also during this time the food is great!  Trivia is fun on Sunday's with Dave.  I don't frequent during the winter because the inside is pretty dark and decently small.  I hope they expand their inside into where Carrie's used to be and do food year round! rQo3lrePdOiNtEs3t8zfQA "Cowboy... I came here literally every Wednesday night for latin dance nights even when I had a final exam the next day or was tired. Thank you for being free entry. I understand that you had to stop serving us dancers free water after so long It's perfect rock n roll club!"  Let me start by saying the whole ""bar scene"" isn't really my thing. But we went here for a friend's birthday and I was thoroughly impressed. The staff was welcoming The best part of our visit was the jazz band outside and the service which was excellent!  They have a huge drink menu.  My margarita tasted like orange juice...no hint of a margarita:(. The nachos were just average mostly goopy.  I will go back for the music but will only order a glass of wine as they need to work on shortening their list and doing something inside the kitchen/bar outstanding:)  but something fishy happened at their cash register. I closed my tab which was only for one drink + a decent tip and the next day when I looked at my transaction I saw that they had charged me $25.  Not an honest business. Will not be returning."  going with 3 stars. If based on patio and beverages alone...well Food is always consistent and tastes well. Beware things can be a bit spicy. The waitresses on the other hand are not good. They tend to have a difficult time bringing drinks in a timely matter and are just not that smart when it comes to their job.   On a positive note their manager is very friendly and the bus boy takes pride in keeping the place clean!  Patio atmosphere is nice but music tends to be a bit too loud. "Outdoor seating is awesome!! Great location. Food is yummy. Can be spicy. My friends love the bean dip. Servers can be on the slow side. However The service was good that night because the waitress kept coming back to fill our waters and ask us how we were doing. Cowboy Monkey is very good about accommodating larger groups; they pull small tables together to make a large one."  and the trivia (once it got going) made for a fun night."  sat down and waited 25 minutes with no one acknowledging our presence. We left and went somewhere that appreciates our business."  I figured I would try their food and wish I had not. The guacamole was a crime to avocados everywhere First time there.... Very small place. Bartender was SUPER RUDE. Not kidding. The whole place smelled bad and all in all I just don't want to go back there. "Nice atmosphere with the patio seating. We aren't from the area and wanted to try a local beer. Waitress could not tell us anything about the beers on tap. Menu listed regular beers on tap that weren't. The waitress knew the names of the beers they had They are also in the middle of remodeling so the place looks kindof like crap right now." This is a cool venue to catch a show. I actually played a show here and it was good times. They have a large dance floor or an area where people can gather to watch performers. They also have a nice sized Bar which can handle a good sized crowd. We all know that is a must when it comes getting a drink in a crowed venue. I really enjoyed this spot and had a fun time rocking peoples face off!  better beer selection and Harry Connick Jr. on stage. Ha. I kid. Make it Bob Dylan and ya got yourself a deal." every show i've ever been to here has been amazing. i've never been frustrated with the sound there the acoustics are OK. some problems have occurred while i was there. but i am never phased by that. I've been to scrappy's and the Nile. so I'm kinda used to it."  most other times the downtown is a ghost town after 6. We had the place to ourself They have such an amazing location in the heart of the action after events.  Their food is decent enough that I'd be willing to grab something there again purely for convenience if only I knew what to expect when it came to the service.  But unfortunately - I can't." I'm disappointed that it doesn't compare to others around the world and seems out of place in Phoenix. A Hard Rock Scottsdale would be way cooler."  but I don't think I'd go before a game! I can see it getting really crowded really fast!" - Across the street from the arena where Phoenix Suns play  and all the Rock n Roll memorabilia hanging from the walls were able to bring in the post-game crowd. It also shielded us from the crazy summer storm that was building up outside. Hallelujah."  you know what to expect."  & it really didn't matter because we were famished & everything tasted good.  Very impressed with this city.  Hope for a longer visit in the distant future." "I ate here a while back and walked away full. We had overpriced salads and hamburgers that were large and filling and tasted decent. This place is great for tourists staying downtown or going to an event  no question about it.   Luckily all the lunches I've had at this place have been paid-for by someone else.  I wouldn't give a dime to this place when they rip you off with watered-down drinks and so-so food."  and what could have struck him to write those words down in that order.  I didn't mind my overpriced drink that visit.  Unfortunately I walked around the PHX HRC and thought 'They bothered to hang that up?'.  This location could use some Help! in more ways than one." Why I gave HR three stars I will never know.  Why I keep going back is certainly beyond my capacity to understand.  Maybe they put crack in the mac.  That would explain why I order it time and time again.  If you haven't been  and told the hostess.  She said she would check and then she came back and said they didn't find anything.  I argued with her because we had JUST LEFT and finally went back to our table where it was still sitting in the bench.  Way to go idiot."  we'll skip this chain and just ask the locals where's a good place to eat."  White & Bleu Burger which had some buffalo sauce and bleu cheese on it. I ate half of it and was fine. The french fries were very good. The waitress was friendly and kept our drinks filled. For dessert we had the begger bag (I think that is what it was called) - you know Maybe it's the corporate management bs that was in the way. Maybe not. Either way After being let down by Karim and his cobbler deli..My friend and I walked to Hard Rock Cafe. Service was prompt and friendly..how could it not be.. there were only 4 tables occupied. The whole reason we ventured out was for cobbler (see review on Karim's Cobbler Shop & deli for debacle)and lo and behold Hard Rock was offering Apple Cobbler. The day was not wasted. I opted for the spicy chicken mac 'n cheese and I was not disappointed.. it had a kick to it. It is rare to experience true flavor at a chain so I was extremely pleased. They could have thrown in a bit more chicken but in their defense I did order the side not the meal. But the side was plenty filling. Onto dessert. oooh the fabulous cobbler crunchies....imagine me squeal with delight. Apple wouldnt  have been my first choice but it was damn good. Revenge is mine Karim! Thank you Hard Rock for saving the day. This Hard Rock was ok. That is being generous considering when I went to Phoenix it eventually became a trip from hell. Downtown Phoenix has no character and apparently the rest of the city does not have any either and that is very sad considering how big the city is. I think the only reason Hard Rock decided to put a cafe here is because the city is so big but nothing really great culturally. You don't here about the great music scene this town has so this cafe seems to stick out like a sore thumb in retiree central. Still it is nice to go something familiar and get the signature T-shirt. Can't SOMEONE put a decent place in downtown Phoenix? PLEASE!"  I had been a fan of the place for years. Had once spent many evenings at the Boston HRC when I lived in MA and had fond memories of the old Phoenix location as well. But just as the music we call Rock has deteriorated so has this conglomeration! So long fair well HRC  exactly what you should tip on your $17 burger with 6 onion rings.  The server seemed sweet until she tried twice to upsell us an overpriced dessert.  Save your money and find somewhere else to dine.  Seriously not worth the 30 min wait and messy restroom either!" All 3 walked out before the last of my friends did - every single one of them was stunned at how the single staff member working made them feel like they were intruding (I did exit polling) and decided that there must be another place in Downtown Phoenix on a Friday night that would like some money." "This Hard Rock is really nothing special. It is much smaller than most of them and doesn't have any really spectacular memorabilia in it. Still gkv2XvXpFgiq4Bb2XK7YmQ  and Super Stereo kicked butt!  Check them out!!" Two stars because it's still the Hard Rock Cafe."  but that comes with the HRC name.  We have found the entire staff to be friendly and accommodating.  A neighborhood HRC bar...hmmmm.  Sure feels like it."  It was nothing special! Could get a better burger elsewhere! Mother had their twisted mac and cheese. She claimed it was the best she ever had? Wife and daughter agreed it was very good. I don't like mac and cheese so I never tried it. Over all food was OK! Service was very good!"  it will be quite crowded.  The location alone makes this place perfect for dinner and drinks before attending games/concerts.  I will be back!" We were here to see KINCH play and they really did am outstanding job. We drove to Phoenix from California and it was worth it. We will definitely be seeing them when they are in a closer venue. OUTSTANDING!! "Long lines before/after sporting events. Limited beer selection. Mediocre food. I wasn't impressed. I can't tell you how many times I thought it would be a good idea to stop in for a drink or snack while in the area 3 stars cause the people that worked there were really nice  even though it's a little pricey for what you get. The fact of the matter is that there just aren't many other decent places to eat in the downtown area when you want something quick and easy. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here The staff works really hard and can jive talk with the best of 'em. Stop in I asked the waiter what was gluten free on the menu and he didn't know. He asked the manager and still came back with a weird understanding of what I could order. It's strange that a huge chain like this would not have a gluten free menu or know what on their menu was ok to eat. It's the only restaurant that hasn't been accommodating to my gf lifestyle.  my Margarita was blue and the food was so-so.  Then I found out the $50 on my card could not be used towards alcohol....which made up over 50% of our bill.  Oh well.  Had a lot more fun and the Honolulu one  but overpriced drinks and signed guitars on the walls do not bang my shutters." "Food never disappoints - usually go before a Phoenix Mercury game.  Like their mac and cheese ! A little it expensive  including giving me a 15% military discount.  Disappointed that gift shop didn't have any XXL classic city T-shirts.  Salad and dessert were excellent." - The music videos they play are awful. For being the Hard Rock Cafe you'd think that they'd play some well known rock stuff. ...nope... my guest and I were there for almost two hours and there was only one song we recognized. While I'm not a music expert Fun atmosphere and awesome appetizers. Our waitress was quick and it was a convenient location since we were taking in a Suns game after dinner. "Went for the show (February State) and was glad I came early for the food. The place is very small for a band venue but we were able to get one of the last two tables. We had a great view of the band. Our chicken club sandwiches came with fries. Very good fries and the sandwich was large well cooked and seasoned. I would have it again! Word of caution  so we ordered an appetizer of chicken lettuce wraps. Nothing to complain about. Eveything was fresh and the layout of the food was appealing. Ordered and iced tea that was better then most places. We also had a great waiter...don't recall his name though. Prices are a little high  although 2 members of the party did cut up their mouths eating the hard as a ""Rock"" bread on their sandwiches. The mac n' cheese was nothing special.  The service was beyond poor.  First and last time I will eat at Hard Rock Cafe." I have never been to the Hard Rock Cafe before so I personally enjoyed the decor. Our waiter was hilarious and I loved my Granny Smith burger. The portions were big and I had a lot of fun. gkv2XvXpFgiq4Bb2XK7YmQ "Right across from US Airways Center in Downtown Phoenix. Nice place to go to if your in the area. Lot of signed stuff adorns the wall here "It's been awhile since I've been to a Hard Rock Cafe and this one is really nice! My friend and I stopped in for lunch yesterday while attending a convention and decided to give it a try. Our server was so good and super friendly and he constantly checked in on us. The food itself? Well I ordered the shrimp  and not one of us actually enjoyed our food.  We had called ahead (2 weeks) to reserve a table before a game.  When we got there I've been wanting to eat here since my last trip to Vegas. And I'm glad I did! It was just the same. I had the Twisted Mac N Cheese which was delicious and Darren had the fish n chips... Fantastic... The bruschetta was great... My salad I tried the pear dressing which was a bit odd but a bit good at the same time.. Good. Our server was very nice. I felt a tad rushed and think they need to wait a bit between apps and main course and not ask if I am done while I am eating lol but over all I'm glad we have one here in Phoenix! I also think they need cloth napkins.. The paper ones are kinda lame. Two stars because they have a groovy sound system and seem to support local artists. But I get that at a lot of places with good food/drink and no bums lurking outside the front door."  out of the two items we wanted and then the overpriced food we got was mediocre! The server was nice It's an OK spot if you're in the downtown area for standard bar food but if you are looking for something more Great entertainment...Amanda went the extra mile for our thirst!! Nice location though." I would maybe go here again but I would not go out of my way to make it over here."  but the food was only ok. Everything was so spicy! Even just the chicken tenders were spicy! LITERALLY EVERYTHING WE HAD WAS SPICY! It was a little disappointing when we left a little hungry and our mouths burning. The major pros was that it was clean  finally came back to take our dinner order and we were basically ignored for the rest of the time.  She did come back and check on the ""other"" tables she had.  We finally had to wave like idiots and get her attention Terrible service on a Saturday night!? Watch your check. They add 18% without asking and it is hidden in with the meal charges. Don't know how I caught it but will not be back-ever. Oh and the food was bad all around. Spend your money else where! This is a beautiful location of the Hard Rock cafe. It is really nicely kept up. The service was good and I love their Haystack chicken salad.  latter a salad and a bbq chicken that was a little under cook (but was promptly fixed by our server)." Good location after a trip to US Airways Center across the street." "Cody did a great job. We got here right before a Suns game and the place was pretty busy. We were seated fairly quickly and ordered the sampler platter. Food was great and came in a timely manner We went here for nachos after the concert and of course we expected it to be busy but we got our drinks and food in a timely manner. Staff was friendly and fast! I will be returning! Oh and the nachos and onion rings were delicious! Chips were nice and crispy! Our waitress was a doll." Went on a Saturday night.  Can't say too much good about the place or anything bad about the place. Happy Hour really isn't a happy hour it's only a dollar off cocktail and draft. I ordered a burger my lady ordered the fajitas they were both okay. The workers were nice as well. The quality of food and drink you can get at a local chili restaurant for half the price. I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody or down the idea of going back if a group of friends wanted to go.. It was the ultimate so so experience Dined in and enjoyed all the memorabilia displayed. New location in downtown PHX next to the D-Backs stadium.  Seems to get a good amount of traffic during events but during the weekend it wasn't busy at all.  Sat at the bar ordered a sampler platter and food was pretty good.  Big fan of the restaurant and collected a new pin to add to my collection." "Very fitting restaurant and atmosphere before our group of 21 enjoyed the Billy Joel ( and Gavin DeGraw opening right across the street at the US Airways Center) concert.  The food was awesome and served hot and promptly- the  grilled salmon was perfect and the mashed potatoes were to die for; ribs were huge and tasty. The chocolate cheesecake was delicious. The awesome Stephanie set this up for our large group of 21 and we had 2 large tables reserved and set up right smack in the middle of the main dining area. Our servers Catie and SaBeth were spectacular - on the ball  10 minutes is a bit of a long wait with the heat. The waitress came as I was heading to the to get water from the bar. She got our order. I asked for a root beer and a burger with no onions. The root beer came late and the burger came with onions. It may have been the kitchen's fault and the food was still good. The Over priced. Horribly cooked burger. Bad layout of the main floor. You want a better burger? Go to the Tilted Kilt a block away. Better layout and timely service? Go to Arrogant Butcher. Restaurant closed at 10pm in the city! It has a bar! The drinks were decent...but nothing to make me stay there. Much better places to go within walking distance for the price. "Bartender and server were very friendly and helpful "This place is pretty cool. My first time here was for a coworker's retirement party and she was thrilled this was the place we chose. The food was excellent for me. Can't go wrong with twisted mac and cheese! Even though our party was big Had an excellent lunch today. Spotless and good atmosphere. Food was terrific and Mallory couldn't have been better. My best Hard Rock visit among many locations! On a DBack game night we waited 10 minutes maybe. The salmon is excellent and the drinks are to die for. They actually use alcohol. The hurricane was delish...I love hard rock"  although the bar was still open for a couple more hours). The hostess came to the store area and was extremely friendly! She explained some of the pins and made sure that I saw all the options available. I found one for my collection and was pleased to find one honoring the Year of the Horse (on sale too!) for my brother. The transaction was quick and we were out in a just a few minutes. The location is conveniently located in Downtown Phoenix across the US Airways Center. There is street parking available. I'm not sure if there is a parking structure available." "It was the first time I'd ever been to a HRC and it was incredible. Went in with my daughter about noon on a Tuesday  I had the ""duo"" combo with ribs & brisket and my wife has the pulled pork sandwich. We were both pleased. Not as much memorabilia as other HRCs but still interesting  but it was pretty good.  The beer was great and we had a very good time.  I tip my hat to the staff at this place and highly recommend that you get your picture taken there along with ordering some great food & drink. (We were there in September of 2014.)" I stopped in just for souvenirs and was treated great! The person behind the counter was super friendly. There were two other people there complaining about the price of some of the items and asked if they could get a discount or anything and he politely explained no. He made some suggestions as to what I should purchase and I am completely satisfied with my purchase! Love visiting all of the Hard Rock Cafe's when we're out traveling! "I stopped in with a friend on a Sunday night while walking around the area and watching the ice skating. It wasn't crowded and our server showed up immediately. I ordered the colossal mushroom burger with onion rings. That thing was HUGE. I cut it in half and managed to stuff my face. It was delicious What is there really to review a couple of cold beers and some Nachos service was great could have been better but with it being full understandable. Great environment music playing tvs with the music video. Food was great had ribs and pulled pork combo  make sure you look around at all of the music memorabilia. I saw stuff from Kiss Yes I would come back. Hope I can enjoy the place without playing handyman." Good location right across from the U.S. Airways arena. It looked pretty busy but they were able to seat us right away. Food and service was on par with other Hard Rocks we've been to. Drinks were overpriced and  watered down though. My advice is to stick with beer or wine here. Our waitress Noelle was awesome!! Ask for her ! Food so so drinks and atmosphere excellent "It's a fun place for a quick bite. The food is consistently good and the staff is friendly. It's loud and usually crowded on game nights  which tells me they are dirty. We ordered nachos and chicken fingers. Simple right? Well we asked for chicken on nachos and it looked like chicken off of chicken wings. Lots of fat. The waitress was odd and wouldn't go out of her way to fix it. I will not ever step foot in the establishment again. Worst  service  I'm surprised they even have customers. I came here with several co workers. service was so bad that we ended up asking for boxes as our meals came out. when she brought out our to go boxes  gracious and patient with my family. The entrees' were so filling that dessert was impossible to order.   Angel even went out of his way and took pictures afterwards by the Hard Rock Caf logo.  We absolutely had a great experience visiting from Wisconsin on Spring Break vacation!  Thanks again for making it memorable for us." "Food here is awesome if u can get any service what so ever to eat!  Been here 3 or 4 times to this location and the service here is the worst I think I have ever seen in such a long time. Each time a different problem has arisen and each time the management is worse then our server. This time was we had a portion of our food left on our plates. As we got up to mingle with friends I let our lovely server know we r not finished and we will be right back. We return to see the food taken away.  The server knows that's an issue so she gets the manager.  Instead of management going out of their way to please us Kind of dated now but like the fact they are open late to serve you after a game or downtown activities." Next for dessert...on our menu it said ""bakers choice""... I was SO excited for something delicious. We all received 2 cookies. LOL just kind of humorous as this point. That was your bakers big plan for dessert? I ws completely disapointed with the Hard Rock. I havent been there since I was a kid and remembered it being so good. Save your money." "I was in town and wanted someplace to cool off and the HRC was close to where I was.  I went and found this HRC to be very pleasant.  The staff was tremendous.  Very friendly at the door and being seated.  The server was also very friendly and helpful.  The staff gets 5 stars!  We had the Ribs and Chicken Combo.  The food has come a long way in the 30+ years I have been going to the HRC.  The ribs were very tasty and had enough BBQ sauce in where it was not dry.  The chicken was actually moist and tasty as well.  Chicken seems to be a crutch for all establishments.   Very simple dish  service was excellent and food was great!!!!" "If it were possible I would have given this place a 0 star rating.  I went in with my kids and the entire experience once we sat down was awful.  We didn't order a ton and you could tell the server didn't like that and pretty much stopped caring.  The thing is that had he cared and treated us the way any customer should be treated he would have made as much in a top if we had ordered a bunch Worst experience ever. Slow . Service sucks. They lie about prices. Place is small. Will never be back. They need to be shut down. Bar tender is on speed and sucks. one of their entrees was forgotten.   Was told the app would be free because of it (it wasn't).  Was told beer would be discounted "This place is ridiculous! We paid $39.10 plus tip for two hamburgers and two ice teas. I am not usually one to complain  which i typically like trying new and local places but its still really good food and drinks. Last visit we shared the 3 sample plate of BBQ (Chicken I had the honey mustard chicken and my wife had the shrimp plate. Good wasn't bad. Cost was around $100. Mainly because of the drinks. Typical themed food. "Way past it's prime.  For the price of the food It's the hard rock!!!! What can you say? Love the place! Great music and great food. Same the world over!!!! I hit a hard rock whatever city I'm in!!! Pin collector and food lover and beer lover! Margaritas in the Phoenix hard rock were very good!!!! "Well I mean it's the Hard Rock Cafe so what can you say.  I am not really a fan of chains but stopped in for a drink during a downtown Phoenix bar hop.  We arrived pretty early on a weeknight so it was pretty dead.  We sat at the bar and had really good service  but we decided to go yesterday an hour before the Suns game and we are so glad we did! We sat at the bar and ordered a draft Budweiser and a draft dos equis  which they told us would last for about three and a half hours. I would understand if the private party had started already - clearly somebody paid a lot of money to rent out the entire restaurant  and 2) the point was not so much that we were turned away 15 minutes before closing; rather that such an establishment closes 2 hours earlier than all the competition in the area  but they might benefit from chilling out for a minute and soaking in some of that Hard Rock cool af aura that I've experienced at other Hard Rocks. Make me think that paying $18 for a chicken Cesar salad was totally worth it!  This location definitely did not convince me." "Should have read the reviews before coming. Food definitely sub par....cold burger Awesome place to go to have drinks after a performance across the street at the arena. The people who worked there are all very friendly and Javi the bartender was a rockstar! I was really impressed how he kept up with so many people & made great drinks! He had an amazing energy about him & haven't seen such a good bartender for a large diverse crowd in years! This place also served excellent food.. I saw what other people were eating and I was like.. Yum! I need to come back when I am hungry! "Walked in last night to grab a some food and a drink before seeing a show at Comerica. We were in a hurry tonsee a show so we sat at the bar and were greeted by Shelley who immediately without even looking at us stated no alcohol food only. Both me and my date were sober. We didn't argue just ordered our food and quickly left. The promotional gift cards we were unsing supposedly didn't work. But she did go in the back and get some that did. She was rude helped me navigate the menu for my food allergies which all came out good. She got y daughter her food right away. But was just all around really awesome server." Come here before the kenny chesney concert.  And took over 30 min to get one drink.  And the manager was so rude to everyone.    They have more then half there tables open and still have a hour wait. .  The staff is rude and all standing around talking.  Dirty tables everywhere.  But i guess gossiping and talking shit about customers is more important than customer service.   Being in the industry i am disgusted by the service and the attitude i will never come back. . Oh yeah 35 min now still no drink.. We came back next day for lunch because Jennifer said they had live music on the patio. There came up an incident on another table. The manager Jennifer took care of it with ease. I would recommend this restaurant and their staff any day. Thanks for making our girls weekend memorable"  she gave me her recommendation and she ended up surprising me... I will definitely be back for Kelsea"  we knew it was our table. The manager runs over to us and starts yelling at us and saying who sat you? Who told you you could move tables? We tell her the host did and she VERY snobby says then why don't you have menus? We let her know the host was grabbing them and we see her stomp up to the host and start screening at them. She comes back and starts putting knifes on the table and when she gets to me that let her know we waited an hour and a half and we did not seat our selfs she SLAMS my knife down and walks away. We all were in shock! I don't know how this lady ever has to deal with any customer she should not be interacting with anyone! Maybe she can be the late night manager that deals with the drunks at last call but she should NEVER work treat customer that are there for dinner that way! We ordered right away drinks and food the server was kind *** the GM retched out to me and it was nice to talk to him I hope this makes a difference for other customers and they are treated with respect."  every song sounds exactly the same yet slightly worst than the last one. This has to be what they play at Guantanamo Bay to torture terrorists. They are playing fast and loose with the term ""Rock""." Very underwhelmed with this hard rock...very few people and our service was very slow. The salad was very good but the fajitas were below average.  to where it was close to game time. The manager noticed how long it took and automatically took care of it for us. It was nice that the issue was recognized without us having to say something. We were a lil late to the game This place is pretty cool otherwise -- massively huge desserts (I nearly went into sugar shock eating their brownie with ice cream -- the brownie was bigger than my hand) and staff made up just like Alice Cooper." "I just had to go here to check out a place owned by Alice Cooper.  I ended up getting a meal that was good and gulped it down with a nice beer. A bit dark but hey  staff has always been friendly.  Food is good too (which doesn't always happen at a ""theme"" restaurant such as this)" "This is a cool rock 'n' roll bar but the food isn't anything spectacular so I don't recommend stopping in for dinner. But Coopers'town is the perfect place to chill before a concert or game with a group of friends. There's a large patio and the staff is cool. And it is one of the cooler bars in downtown Phoenix. On the weekends Tech Note: Alice Cooperstown's website looked very familiar in style. A quick keystroke to Hard Rock Cafe's website showed me why." If you want a fun place to go for happy hour  I have bumped up my star rating to 4 stars. I have tried a few more things on the menu and I highly recommend the crispy chicken wrap...it is delicious! The atmosphere at Coopers Town before a game is awesome and is a great spot to hit before a game. Plus how can you go wrong with $3 Bud The place is kinda nice inside but I'm SOOO not into the Themed Restaurants.  They were cool for a week but that week has long passed." i think the food is pretty good and a nice place for lunch since they are pretty quick and have alot tables to sit at.  they have great happy hour specials... and the best part is that all the servers have that really freaky eye makeup...  so I was happy. It's a diner with flair. How can I get the big-gunned black-t-shirted waiter dudes wearing make-up to call me ""sugar""? Hmmm... help me out here."  so we came back and ate more.  Little disappointed that more game-goers didn't party at the bars after - kind of weird.  Since they are a block from the park.  Ah well  and you can purchase overpriced Alice Cooper t-shirts and other stuff the whole year around." "Let's start with this; my waiter was a 30 year old guy with eyeliner caked on. Okay... that's it Cooperstown does have an outdoor stage and can be a nice place to catch local bands." Same goes for the service--it's always fast."  and I agree with another reviewer that the make-up is a bit cheesy (especially since they only do the bottom half!) but it adds to the atmosphere.  The locals say you can even catch a glimpse of Alice here when he's not on tour." I'll go back when downtown or maybe take an out of towner."  it's done in an alice cooper theme. there is a large variety of collectable rock and roll memorabilia on the walls signed by a variety of artists. there are gigantic tvs for any sports fans. these tv are seriously huge. the menu is fun and is fairly extensive. the food has always been really good. they have burgers The service was very quick and efficient.  I see no reason to go anywhere else before a D-Backs game."  save the guitars and album covers neatly arranged on the wall and the service dolled up like Cooper in his heyday. But really Thanks to Jim B. for the recommendation to come here.  It gave me conversation fodder :)" The goofy staff ""uniforms"" didn't bother me at all.  My waitress even charmed the kids -- despite having trademark ""Cooper"" eyeliner This is a place I hope stays open forever.  Good prices too.  Really good for the area and what you would expect." "Nice sports bar atmosphere right around the corner from the Phoenix Sun's Stadium.  Decent prices for food near the sports arenas and plenty of screens for the avid sports fan to get their fix while downing some beers with the boys (and gals that enjoy sports).  My eyes kind of hurt looking at the font of their menu themed restaurants are for the lamez of the world. they do have some bangin hot chicks working here. but nothing to get myself worked up about. next it will be McFarland's and it will become a lame comic themed bar. or worse. why do our local celebs blow?"  just steps away) and to drink (or sober up) after them. It has a family friendly environment that will make anyone in the family happy to attend." TGI Friday's. Chili's. Applebee's. Cooper's Town. These restaurants/sports bars seem to come out of the same factory. I was really hoping Cooper's Town would be different food-wise. But the menu looked terribly typical of what you'd find in any ol' diner. I had the vegetarian quesadilla out of hunger and everything else looked terribly deep-fried. It was decent but made with regular cheddar or American cheese--so definitely not special. A person in my group had a Vodka gimlet that he said was all Vodka. The waitresses with eye make-up and other thematic elements of the restaurant didn't do enough to disguise the fact that this place is nothing short of mediocre. Maybe I'll upgrade if I ever go back and try something else on the menu and like it. I recommend this place to people who insist on taking their poorly behaving children out to eat I like checking the out sports/music memorabilia.. I can recall a lot of the concerts I have seen everytime I visit Cooperstown..  The staff is always friendly and the food is always prepared properly. I hope to see Alice there sometime.."  the servers and bartenders are all nice and friendly....the ""Bare knuckle stout"" beer is awesome!! and the ""Big Unit"" Hot dog is something you gotta see for yourself........and if you are an Alice Cooper fan like myself is a plus....you'll have a great time."  you won't feel empty if you skip it.  It's just too much money to spend on very bland  hot link and brisket. The nice thing was that each item had its own sauce.  Another cool thing was that there was a neighborhood festival going on that day so after I finished my lunch  lead one to expect ""good."" A better execution of this restaurant's menu and improved service would lead to my adding a third star in the future."  but they also have some delicious vegetarian options as well. The pasta pomodoro is excellent. They sometimes hold intimate concerts in the outdoor area."  Alice doesn't live here anymore.  And we told you so.  Schools out." "I wanted to stop by here while I was walking around downtown Phoenix.  I came in just as a Diamondbacks game was finishing.  It was DEAD inside.  I sat at the bar and ordered water and a margarita.  It was the worst margarita I've ever had.  There was so much strawberry syrup and it was so sweet that I only drank a few sips The staff is usually friendly and the prices aren't too high. This is the only place I can find really good smoked meat!"  and nothing ever really strikes me or disappoints me.  The food is okay.  The waitstaff is okay.  It's normally pretty empty when I go.  I think if you're gonna have a cool concept then stick to it and make it stand out.  I get the whole dark makeup thing  but don't pile on the girlie perfume to try and hide it. Every time a cloud of some sickeningly sweet perfume and Marlboros as she rushed by carrying someone's drink order. Although I did appreciate the two drunk women at the bar who fell on the floor a few times and were clearly having more fun than I. Not worth the drive from Nor Phx." and if you're trying to get laid.......don't just dont." Good food and ice cold drinks meet Rock music!  A first choice before or after any event at USAirways Center or Chase Field.  The place fills up quick on event nights so show up early!  but it didn't interfere with my enjoyment so to each their own."  but I'd definitely eat here over the inflated prices at the game."  but ordering a two foot hot dog named 'the big unit' after MLB Pitcher Randy Johnson just didn't sound that appetizing to me."  the food is good and the service is always up to par. I enjoy this place because it is a shrine to two things I love: Sports and Music. Right next to a platnum record is a Diamondbacks jersey. How great is that? The menu is also catchy with things like a one foot long hot dog called ""The Big Unit"" in tribute to Randy Johnson of course. The menu prices are more than fair and I highly recomend drinking some beers here before you go into US Airways or Chase Field to save your self some money."  lots of seating & lots of rock-n-roll stuff but the food  good food - the worst service I have ever experienced. We will not be returning."  but I'd go in the evening when there's possibly more atmosphere around." I better stop my review now." Fun time eating burgers before a Diamondbacks game. Burger was good.  Hot dog was huge. We like the mix of baseball and rock memorabila.  BBQ in particular has gotten really good & whats this? THREE local beers on tap? Yes my Friends this is a place to try once more! The servers still wear makeup like the COOP himself and I must say there is no better pre Suns game hangout! GAME ON!"  is don't let your drunk friend wander off by himself.  If you walk into the kitchen when looking for the bathroom Then we went to the D-Backs game and watched the Brewers win by one run. I'm not from Phoenix and don't live there either The service was attentive and quick for being so busy.  Neat place to go overall."  it was a good meal. As crazy as it was it actually sat well in my stomach and things worked out well later too shall we say. I would love to see the place on a packed night but I do not think I would be that adventurous enough to make the trek to see it in action." Order the Wings of Mass Destruction.  I've only had one waitress who was not so good and I've been going there for years. Lots of room and it gets packed! I LOVE their blue Dean Martin Margarita and the veggie quesadilla. My husband is a big fan of the Devil's Ale and Pratt's pulled pork. The prices are very reasonable and I love that they offer mandarin oranges as a side. They also stock my favorite hot sauce instead of just Tabasco. Lots of fun stuff to look at on the walls and always a good mix of sports on TV.  Always a good time." The service was great and quick. The place was clean and the staff was friendly." give this place a try next time your looking to kill time before a dbacks game. I wouldn't go anywhere else (aka don't go to the mexican joint on 7th street because its over priced and lame)"  not friendly and only somewhat attentive. It was interesting to see that all of the employees had the Alice Cooper make-up." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  but there is a small but good beer selection to cool off the pallet. If you are downtown for a game "This is the greatest restaurant I've ever been to.  But I love rock music.  If you hate rock music and baseball and you have no sense of humor great place to chill and watch a game... its right across the street from where the suns play.  had the adam richmond big unit hot dog that was on tv and it was ok... more just something to get people to come in... the wings were good though... I just like the restaurant to chill in.... wish they had one in CA  but a great atmosphere. It was middle price range and a decent amount of food. Saw it on Man VS Food and tracked it down when in town. The family was excited and it was a fun experience. Lots of room I hope to see you there sometime before or after a Sun's or D-Backs game!" Expect to pay $15 or so per person." The bartender on Sunday was cool. I spent over $60 but the beer and food was worth it"  etc.) and like it here. Food and Drinks are good enough. It is easy to get to A fun place for out-of-towners." The food was great! The overall atmosphere was fun. The issues with the one bartender were  chili cheese fries and burgers are some favorites there. It's also a cool place to bring some out of town and rock fans."  but not impossible without a walk to find on Suns' game night. I also understand if you can go to the restaurant during a basketball game this is the best You must try the big unit hot dog bases loaded! It is amazing how large that one hot dog is and is great to share with a group of friends. We all have different tastes but all of us enjoyed it. I wish more fries came with it though because it is equally as amazing. Eating here always has a fun atmosphere. 2) Parking is a bit of a downer.  Pretty much all paid parking; I suppose you could find unpaid with a farther walk but  and a side salad. Everything tasted good and it was really filling. The service could have been a little bit better but I was so enthralled by the large televisions playing Sportscenter and all the concert posters on the walls that I didn't really mind. I definitely can see myself going here again after a basketball or baseball game."  but its still a great place to check out when you are in Phoenix. I was there during the Christmas holiday so it was dead downtown which means awesome parking but also made me wonder where everyone was... All in all a fun place if you are down with Alice Cooper and large beef franks.. Oh  definitely a sports bar with huge damn screens.  Nice place.  Nice time.  Thanks." This restaurant is just like a Hard Rock restaurant.  Most of the servers there wore makeup like Alice Cooper...that was pretty cool."  they just reminded me too much of kfc wings :/.  All in all just the atmosphere made me really enjoy this place" Beware of the big unit.  Seriously." Cooperstown is a funny little establishment and a great place to go occasionally or on special occasions. Just beware of the BIG UNIT!"  atmosphere is really fun. The food is good Good food. The service was extremely slow and the hostess couldn't get her wait times anywhere near correct. The bartender was slower than a snail.  but it was a tuesday so I think our waitress could have been faster. When I'm in Phoenix again I'll want to go back."  great food and cool decor"  warehouse style sports bar just makes me giggle (""Where Jocks and Rock meet""...hahahaha).  The face paint on the waitstaff was just cream.  FOR A SPORTSBAR I would give this place a second chance cause service was good but no recommendations till then. Very disappointed with my dish  so I thought the decor was fun. The restaurant really deserves 3.5 stars since I enjoyed my entree but my friend was so disappointed with hers. Would recommend for out-of-towners who like sports and rock." "Fun place to go with friends for the first time. Had to try the 22"" hot dog. Friendly staff and lively atmosphere. Good location  then a famale server takes our drink orders. It wasn't organized at all. Then my friend ordered a beer on tap and that didn't work. So she just ordered a bottle which was $5.00. I ordered the chili cheese fries. The chili came on the side "I was one of 50 people who went there to get Adam's Big Unit.  The service was top notch and they move fast and get work done.  And the hot dog was sooooo huge and soooooo good.  I shared my picture of eating the big unit with Sebastian Bach and he commented back on it because it was so enormous!  It had great flavor and my favorite brioche bread.  I will be going back to attempt the dog on my own.  I am a tall skinny girl but I have a true appetite so I will definitely get that 22"" hot dog down no problem.  I highly recommend Cooperstown.  It is a great place to have good food and have a great time!"  great set-up. Really as good as it gets. It looks like they have great lunch specials too. I" The best thing about the night was being with my family.  Overall  as long as I don't get the disappearing act server again."  ever since we saw it on Man VS Food. Finally had our chance and we were disappointed. We ordered the BIG UNIT  I thought with the size this dog would have problems! Just because it's big! Doesn't mean it better! But this was not that bad. Wife and I shared an order of nachos Overall the food was decent.  I wouldn't make a special trip down to this joint but I'd eat there again if I was already in the area for a ball game." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Yes we went here because it was on Man vs. Food! We were suprized how good the food was. Husband had ribs and LOVED them. I had a buffalo chicken sandwich and it was very good too. Service was friendly and quick. Good place for groups. I really dint care for this place. the music was blah and the out door seating was lame.The only cool thing i saw was the big unit. A home wrecking size weenie some old man was trying to deep throat. Best Sports bar in downtown by a mile. If you are lucky you might even get to meet Alice. The big unit is an amazing dog. As for the rest of the food I have never had anything bad and I have been going since it opened back in the day. Also a fun place to watch a show. I think this is a spot you should check out at least just once if you're in the area. Could be a good spot for after work drinks when you're just in the mood for a few drinks and something to snack on... not necessarily dinner."  this is a great sports bar and a must-visit for spring training regulars." Overall a fun good time. Good place to bring visitors. We were here on a Saturday afternoon but I'll bet this place rocks at night on the big outdoor patio." The sandwich which I had been yearning for since ordering it came and I removed the top bun and expected to see a saucy meat mess and was let down I saw shredded beef and little sauce  which never happened. We ordered an appetizer of salsa and chips which never came out. People seated after us were receiving their food and we had not received our appetizer! Our waitress noticed we hadn't received anything yet and went to go check. Magically our whole order was done and our appetizer came out WITH our order therefore it went to waste by that point. A little too late. My mashed potatoes came out luke-warm and were cold after a few bites. My husband didn't receive his beverage he ordered til asked about it after everyone else received their drinks. The food was nothing special but not the worst I've had. After our experience Great place for a beer  before heading to Chase field too."  nice draft selection and good tunes. It will likely become tradition before future games."  the atmosphere was killer and it decor was cool."  but it was worth a try when we were in town. I ordered the Cuban Sandwich and it was good. I would try something else on my next visit to town Does anyone know how frequently Mr. Cooper makes appearances in his restaurant?  I'm just curious..." A perfect spot for pre/post game fun." What could easily have been a run of the mill celebrity owned restaurant tourist trap is actually a fun There were very few customers on a non-game Thursday night so it was not that noisy.  Overall experience was ok.  Prices are ok.  The hotdog was a bit on the salty side but surely something that one must try out at least once." Very fun tourist place. The staff was nice and the food was what I expected for a place next to a ball park and downtown Phoenix. THE BIG UNIT was a big hit...everytime someone order one they would ring a bell and yell BIG UNIT...it was cute and funny for the first 30 minutes then it got annoying. If you visit Phoenix it is a definite place to stop and visit for lunch and atmosphere.  I tried this place for food and I will not be going back or recommend to anyone I know.  Drinks only OK!!!  2 words describes this place:  Tourist Trap." the drinks here are better than the bar food!"  it's sure to be jam packed from floor to ceiling. I've seen every type of person here from the out of towner older gentlemen entertaining .... younger ladies.... to families taking down the super gigantic hot dog that Adam Richmond dominated on Man Vs Food to college student drinking the entire bar up before the game. It's a fun atmosphere Cooper donates a lot back to our community. A friend of mine from college received a scholarship to Grand Canyon University funded by Alice Cooper. Support local! :)" oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Atmosphere and service are okay. So nothing special but hey it's Alice Cooper  but less than an hour later I was hungry again. To drink I ordered the microbrewery SanTan Devil's Gordo Stout for $5.50. This was a very sad beer; watery Decent for drinks or watching sports but don't make a mecca for this place. The big unit I had was below average. Bun was hard. Hot dog was flavorless and chilli was bland." MAN vs FOOD AIN'T GOT NOTHING ON ME!!!"  tons of football to watch and enjoy.  Would consider coming back when my baseball travels bring me back out to Phoenix for a Dbacks game or more Fall League.  I want people to ring the bell and scream BIG UNIT for when I tackle that giant hot dog."  the overpriced drinks make it a place you should pre-game before you head to for sports viewing. Clearly this place relies on its owner's renown for its reputation and customer base more so than it's ability to be a quality location."  however was not at all impressed with the food and service."  but definitely enjoyed it. If I get this again when in town OH - and drink specials every day. I'm in!" I really think I am going to steer clear of this tourist trap from here on in. If you want some really good BBQ  nothing bad about this place at all. Came when there wasn't a sports game so it wasn't crowded :). Would come back just for the seasoned fries.. mmmmmmm." "Such a disappointment. I came here around Christmastime with my family and it was a Friday afternoon/early evening and the place was a bore. There was no interesting or exciting music like you would expect from a rock legend type bar. The food was alright. We shared an appetizer platter called the wildcat combo which was really tiny I think once was enough and won't go back. Unless we win or be given a gift card." Don't forget to ask to have our face painted at the front!"  but the service is excellent and the food even better.  I have yet to try the Big Unit  but she was very nice and I enjoyed my lunch. I definitely would go back to try something else on the menu." I can't really comment on the atmosphere because we were seated outside  the bell rings.  This is close to CHASE FIELD AND all of the sites in DOWNTOWN."  prices and atmosphere. Not a place a go out of my way for The wings are awesome! Good place to go before a game or event downtown. Food is good and staff is nice. It's always been quiet when I have been there but the only drawback is they close I believe like 10 or 11pm."  wonderful vibe. I will be returning here." "A group of us went to try the ""Big unit"" 22"" hot dog. I have to say that it was delicious and more than plenty for one person. Yes  HD TVs and five giant projection screens! Top this off with giant portions of good old fashioned man food. Parking Awesome place! I like the memorabilia on the walls.  a super annoying bell goes off and all the wait staff stop what they're doing and yell ""BIG UNIT!"" That got old after the third one. I definitely couldn't work there. The big disappointment The fully loaded big unit is huge.  If you like hot dogs you must definitely try this.  Parking isn't that great though as you are right next to all of the stadiums in Phoenix and all the parking lots charge outrageous fees.  Try and find street parking if you are lucky.  so you probably won't need refills. There are plenty of huge screen TVs located around the dining room for watching sports. There are also many rock memorabilia pieces located around the restaurant." Stick with Zips in Scottsdale." "Welcome to Alice's overpriced tourist trap nightmare! Food is expensive and totally tasteless. Seemed like they used generic frozen ingredients for all the dishes we ordered. The fish fry and fish tacos were the worst. Seriously Enjoyed it through and through. Had the big unit hot dog. It was actually delicious. Will go back whenever im in Arizona. Oh! and the waitress was very nice.  with a choice of several plates named after an athlete or celebrity." It's always been quiet when I have been there but the only drawback is they close I believe like 10 or 11pm."  but when we sat down we didn't see our waiter for about another 10 minutes! I know it is a sports bar and it is going to be noisy but this was just unreal! The T.V.'s where turned up so loud that we couldn't talk to each other at our own table! After trying we resulted to just sitting there watching the T.V.'s without talking to each other! We even asked a worker if they could turn down the Sound just a little bit and they said it could not be done! I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and it was one of the worst i have ever had! It honestly tasted like school cafeteria food! The fries where some of the worst i have had! i do not know how you can mess up french fries but they easily managed that! Then in the end i had to pay for all that! I will never go back! Dont fall for the Trap like me!"  its really GOOD! The prices for 2 was great. The only down side to the restaurant is that the service wasn't all there. Its a great place to have good food." Not a bad option in the area!"  I did not like our waiter who didn't seem like he wanted to be there. He never really checked on us  and we waited a long time for our check to come. Service = Bad. Food = Good."  very courteous and attentive service. Great atmosphere and decor (love the old music memorabilia). The Veggie Quesadilla was awesome. Will definitely come back (perhaps when the weather is nicer... it was 102 at 10pm on the night of the show)..."  friendly and on top of things plus they elicit the ""Alice Cooper"" image in a very accurate way (although they did a not bring me a snake-thank God). Rock N Roll Would've been nice to have known the price of beer.  It's not posted on the menus.  Had the San Tan Hopshock IPA.  Very tasty but my main quibble is we just left the baseball stadium.  Why are you serving me 12 oz in a plastic cup for $5.50?  Left the stadium to escape that ding.  Eh Lets just say this place is awesome! My sister in law ordered that huge ol' hot dog and shared it with 3 different people. I had a bbq chicken salad and it was pretty good and a very decent size. I wanted to take the cup home that they served our drinks it!  It is a fun place to work out and if your kids are scared of dark make up I would definitely steer clear of this place!!! But fun place to just enjoy a good lunch/drink or two! "Food was tasty. When did I get so old and begin to think every restaurant  I had to wait nearly an hour between time of order to time of serving. Don't go there unless you are very patient."  I thought it would be a hit. I am new in town so I decided to check it out one afternoon. I went on a Wednesday for lunch and sat at the bar- they boast half-priced lunch between 11-3 and have various items half off for each day of the week. Wednesday was 50% off their salads and meatloaf. I decided to go with the Bruce Lee asian chicken salad and coupled it with a nice Pear Cider. I loved looking at all the memorabilia and the bartender was super nice. My salad was disgusting  and the big unit i took without beacon and it was awesome.""" I'll come back for sure!!" oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Also I kept the bone just in case." Thanks for the PTSD Alice Cooper!" "Two words: Big Unit!! Just try it...you won't be disappointed! Make sure you share it If you in town recommended that you stop by even just to heck out the merch.  Great place to take family after a game or out for a fun night." I'd go back in a heartbeat when I'm in Phoenix!  Hats off to Alice (who apparently only shows up every few months what we got isn't on the menu anymore? just wanna log for the records but we got some time of sampler  and my little brother and it was so fun. We watched the NCAA tourny on all the big screens and their food is so good. My lil bro got those huge hot dogs. Good memories to look back on." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  we all had out share of it. But my Aunt Sue was game and actually ate most of it!! I had the Rob Zombie Burger! It was great  2 ribs (awesome).  Other dishes enjoyed by our group include the tuna casserole and meatloaf.  This place has great comfort food!"  and the wings were big and solid in flavor. BUT THE BIG UNIT IS BIG DEAL AND UNREAL! 2 feet of dog with chili  like plain ol' lunch meat. Overpriced and definitely not worth it. Don't waste your time or money!"  records etc on the walls. We loved our experience. We had the Unit. Very good but needed tums later that night RUN don't walk from Alice Coopertown!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  but 4 stars is still ok. Had the Big Unit. The quality of the dog is delicious including the baguette it comes in. For $15 though "Really the perfect place to go before any sporting event in the area. We came before going to a Fiesta Bowl party at the Diamondbacks stadium just down the street. There is plenty of parking nearby and usually plenty of room inside or outside to get even a sizable party seats. They have a good selection of microbrews (a trait that is so often overlooked in sports bars) I wouldn't make this a ""must visit"" place but if you're in the area "Hot diggity dang this place is just of the hook tasty.  The big unit is this huge amazing hot dog  VERY rude bartender. Left before getting waited on!" "Man I cannot wait to go back!! The bullet wrap is delicious as is the asian chicken salad and wings! Awesomely fun atmosphere ""where rock meets jock"" all the novelty of the great Alice Cooper (WE'RE NOT WORTHYY!) alongside ginormous flat screens everywhere Can only conclude that Vincent really cares about the stuff that has his name on it." Yucky I didn't think the food was very tasteful and it was overpriced. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Came here just for a HH drink.  We had all had lunch & weren't hungry.  I'll come back when I am.  Cute names on the menu for their food items.  I was tempted by a lot it.  The local IPA was perfect.  Santan I believe was the name.  Feel sorry for all the staff who have to paint the black marks under their eyes.  unless you are a die hard Alice Cooper fan. And if you are there as a fan DON'T eat the food. The food is low grade ""pub grub"" (frozen food that's been deep fried). Service is slow & totally apathetic."  decent prices...and it's a wonderful place for kids too.  Not too many of those.  Cooperstown has seen us before and will see us again and again."  but it felt like no one cared anymore about general upkeep and food quality. Too bad."  and cool place if you are a harcore alice cooper fan. not so much a fan of the food  excellent downtown location."  themed waiters. How cool? Not sure how the food is overall because I've only been once but everything looked pretty solid. I ordered the ""Big Unit"" because that's like the staple thing to get here and that's what my friends told me to get so I did. I knew this thing was big from the beginning but damn Can be decent for a gathering of the masses to watch a game  happening place to hang before the game. I was impressed to find that they have a pretty big brew selection and even a few gluten free ones for me. That would be a cider for now. But I am learning. The staff was friendly and helpful. We sat at the bar because I like fun places Don't think I would ever go back.  Plenty of better places to eat downtown." Bottom line - great place to grab a few drinks before the Diamondbacks game but not a lot of food for vegetarians." Place is pricey - its a tourist trap but its a fun atmosphere and  near the ballpark" I celebrated my birthday at Cooperstown and had so much fun. The food is great and the atmosphere is awesome.  but too much bread. Great bloody Mary bar on Sundays. Good place to watch sports. Sometimes they have bands on their outdoor stage....and sometimes Alice visits." "We stopped here to eat before we went to the game. The food was EXCELLENT! The service was amazing as well. We had a mushroom burger This place isn't for everybody who is not into the genre. We did enjoy it and will return on special occasions. If you go make it a week day for lunch. It's probably when you'll get best for service. They are located near Chase Field Cold beer good food good music and a cool staff ill defiantly come back!  looks like they place would be a freaking party-house nightmare on a game night." I actually thought we were there on a night there was no baseball games as that part of town as very quiet.  But upon leaving saw all the streets blocked off in anticipation of the fans leaving after the game.  This place had always been jumping the other times I went there.  We were able to find street parking on an adjacent street." I love this place our waitress Sara Jane was awesome I will be coming back. Oh one more thing parking is not easy."  just warm-- I split it with my husband. It was $16.99. You can get it with all the fixings but we got it with relish and onions. Nothing special.  I also got a dinner salad (mostly iceberg with rings of red onion "Oh yum! We had a great time at this restaurant and the food was wonderful. I would have liked bigger portions Ok I know my review is a bit late but oh well :) . I came in here when I visited Arizona when the LA Dodgers played the Diamondbacks back in April of this year. This place was cool! I had the big unit and it was soo delicious! I would definitely recommned this place. The dudes wear make-up like Alice Cooper and the outdoor patio is nice when the weather cools off. Solid 3."  and the chipotle pasta (with cut up hot dog in it). Worst barbecue ever. Seemed like it was made a week ago and microwaved. Nice place to have a drink and watch a game There are better options nearby...pass"  *that* bad.) And I devoted a Yelp review to it as well (here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/arena-park-place-l-p-phoenix#hrid:yi7CY8WilX73OYj7Tl6YjQ) If I had a choice I wouldn't park here. But it is right behind the restaurant. Just be aware of potential customer service issues."  it's a cool place. Especially if you like big wieners."  and those suggestions stand. They get 2 stars for location and a nice array of TV's for game day. They lose 3 stars for poor service "Meet a friend from Washington DC recently at Alice Cooper'stown and had lunch.   It was a real treat.    We ordered the ""Big Unit"" a 20"" long hotdog.    Probably one of the best hotdogs I have ever eaten.      Also had a platter of various snacks and finished it off with a baseball mitt size brownie topped with ice cream and whipped cream.   I was very surprised with the food.     I found it to be great and look forward to the next time pack.     Great place to kick back enjoy a beer and  the environment.    Great wait staff." It is a shame the rest of the competition is being held there. The kids deserve so much better."   Great!!  The sports vibe was fantastic!  Everywhere you look big screens with the game on.  Platinum and Gold records on the walls!  A very festive atmosphere!  The food was very good!  We had the bases loaded Big Unit.  Worth the $!  Very Big Been wanting to try this place once I seen it on MvF.   Okay so I tried the 'Bases Loaded Big Unit'.  It was good.  Could not finish it all.  Very cool atmosphere with Rock 'n Roll and sports memorabilia. "the best of everything food and atmosphere  the side dishes are weird. Mandarin Oranges and apple slices don't really belong next to a burger  knob-heavy component stereo system in their living room.  I would walk around their house pretending I was cool and ignoring--or at least attempting to ignore--your nightmare: I couldn't look you in the eye.  At Cooper'stown  my party shared the big unit hot dog. They really need to put a lot more chili on it. We had the jalapeno coins appetizer  service was good..couldn't get the hockey game on I wanted but I guess they are more for suns or d-bcks. I'd probably come back again.."  I was convinced there wasn't any good food in downtown Phoenix. The next time I'm in town  good and nothing fancy. It is just a fun place to take people or hang out when you need to be downtown."  perfect for catching a few games. It's no short on entertainment. The plus on service was that our server was very conscientious of the short time line we were on. The opportunity that could have been gained was asking for refills for beverages  I was told the wait was 35 to 40 min... an hour later I asked when we would be sat and I was greeted with three girls and nothing but attitude. When I asked why people who came in after us were served I was told that they were either ""friends"" or investors.  20 min later I approached them again noticing that nearly everyone that came in after me had been sat. I was told that they called us which was a blatant lie because where we were waiting the intercom was so loud it made my granddaughter scared every time they used it. Come to find out when we asked the first time how long the wait would be they put a mark next to our name which made them believe they called our name when they had not...genius!  When they figured out their mistake all I teceived was attitude and NO apology. So we asked to see the manager  the atmosphere is super and the wait staff is pretty friendly. I had the big unit hot dog and it was quite tasty but I could not finish it. The food was quite good as was the place itself with the decor was pretty cool. The music was rock as expected and basically this is a better version of Hard Rock Cafe." I'll be ready to go back the next time we happen to be in Phoenix." "Too many restaurant gaffes in one night. Forgotten drinks "Decent food.  Came more for the atmosphere and to yell ""big unit"" every time someones orders one of their giant hotdogs." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw "Had to try this place out...how can you go wrong with a big hot dog and Alice Cooper. Really cool stuff inside  food did !!!!  They also have a Big Unit as well with no toppings .  Perhaps next time i'm in town for a game i'll attack this one.  I also love how they ring the bell when your order comes out and the staff yells BIG UNIT !!!  ( Big Unit being named after former DBacks pitcher Randy Johnson ) .If your in town for Spring Training That being said the food was below average. The club sandwich was dry and lacked flavor. The restaurant was also really large and seemed cluttered (probably due to all the memorabilia)  I'm sure Alice Cooper fans probably appreciate it!" One suggestion: this place would be even more fun if the staff looked like they enjoyed their jobs. Not a lot of smiles or friendly small talk." Don't miss out on this experience! GO!"  kinda just comes across as a typical sports bar.  I really don't think I will go back in the future due to our food and service being bad."  couples or singles and looks like it would be a decent bar in the evenings. Sort of reminds me of the Hard Rock Cafe  yummy! The service was super friendly and loved the music that was playing. It was like they hacked my I-pod. The only reason for 4 stars is the place could use some updating otherwise it would've been 5."  this place is worth a visit for the fun and novelty of doing so. I had a lot of fun here. Despite the place reminding me of my grandma's house."  getting you your food and check quickly so that you're not late.  We tried the BBQ and it was pretty good for a generalist kind of place.  The menu is quite extensive so it's sure to have something for everyone."  but whatevs.  The food is all around satisfying and I'm definitely making Alice Cooperstown a regular place on my list." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw The atmosphere was the most interesting part of coming here. It is a shame that Alice Cooper would let his restaurant stoop this low. This is definitely a busy model focused around profits and not quality or satisfaction. This restaurant would never survive without its namesake."  nothing special. It's worth it for the money. Don't expect anything special. It's just a fun place with great sports on all the TV's." "Me and my family have lived in Arizona for the past 4 years. We always talked about going to Alice Cooperstown but never got the chance...until tonight!! It was pretty darn cool oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  but he's a super picky guy and I think he went in there already deciding that he wasn't going to be happy. I will be back Fun if you're an Alice Cooper fan or need a bar to get sloshed and watch games at. But this review is just for the dog." Truth be told I was disappointed each time I visited - not sure why I keep going back." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  no other reason to come here cept maybe for at t shirt other than that not worth a trip here "Went here while in PHX on business with a friend who lives locally.  Thought it would be a good place to have some dinner since i love BBQ.  No such luck.  Nothing seemed like real BBq  just over cooked and tasteless.  Very Chain resturant-y So if you find yourself in downtown Phoenix give Cooperstown Sports Grill a try "What a great environment! The place is full of energy. The big unit was a group pleaser! Our waitress Since it is a large place the noise level does get high when crowded." "Haven't been here in awhile. They changed some things like the bread and they skimp ed out on mushrooms and cheese on the shroom burger. Still tasted good  we will never return!" I would probably recommend checking them out because the price is reasonable for what you get."  great atmosphere and good service. Plenty of TV's to watch your favorite sports." Been there about 5 times since it opened and the food has never been good.   Not much on the menu and very bland.   Service isn't the best plus you have to pay $10 to park.   Doubt I ever go back. Don't forget to yell out ""Big Unit"" when the bell sounds." This place was awesome. Tons of awesome memorabilia all over and great food as well. They even had an Elaine Benes big salad on the menu from Seinfeld. A great place to go when you're downtown especially before or after an event.  Arizona we stopped to order a Bases Loaded Mega Dogg from our favorite restaurant in Phoenix Arizona to take home.  Only thing is home is Moreno Valley California!  5 hours away!  Long story short Awesome place. Great food. The Service is great. All in all just an ok experience." Very greasy and food tastes like it was not fresh and prepared and frozen.  Bbq meat tasted old.  and was able to talk to him for awhile about the restaurant and tell him how much I liked the food." Disgusting & disappointing!!!" Would definitely go back here when passing through again."  the server made a million mistakes and I'm pretty sure was high on something. But I love heavy metal and Alice Cooper too much to give this place a bad review. Even though it wasn't that great "the burgers were the same as any fast food place. it had a nice atmosphere "We are DBacks season ticket holders and like to eat before the games at different places by the ballpark. We had bad service one time before at Cooperstown when they forgot to call our table and they put us outside in the corner after a 2 hour wait.  We heard there was new management so we came for another try.  When we sat down we waited 15 minutes before waiter came by.  He rudely said ""sorry I'm busy."" This time was worse then before.  We ordered the $17 brisket and turkey breast for two.  We got 3 slices of brisket and 3 slices of turkey.  We sent it back and the food runner got pissed and gave us attitude. The manager came and said sorry but we are working on our portions and when I saw that go by I was concerned.  But he didn't do anything until we complained. We left and the one thing I think sizes it up is that they didn't care. So disappointed!"  but luckily we beat the rush. Nothing else on the menu really leaped out as must-tries dGyYmoqSfIxIU8tNkBfvkg Definitely not something I'd make a trip for exclusively but great way to kick off a trip to the ballpark."  and good service. This a fun place to grab a drink and/or late lunch before catching a Dbacks game."  I would think this would be a busy day for them!  There are few good sports bars downtown for families (not Hooters or Tilted Kilt) so it's a shame." Overpriced and microwaved.  Eat more than 10 feet away from the game and enjoy a meal.  even when we got lost and the host on the phone helped us by giving us step by step instructions to find the restaurant.  Our waitress was great! We had the big unit  just great music. I think the best thing about the place was the atmosphere We had a great time watching all these young and very talented musicians! We can't wait to come back for the next round."  they were crispy and plenty of them but the cheese didn't have much flavor. I got the turkey sliders which again has minimal flavor....a little salt and pepper never hurt anyone during the cooking process!  My boyfriend got the ""no more Mr. Nice guy"" as his main entree...wasn't impressed  there aren't many choices for me on the menu.  I selected the fish tacos.  They were so-so.  They came with fries and cole slaw.  Nothing really stood out with my meal.  Everything was pretty mediocre.  Had dinner and 1 drink and left.  Won't be back when visiting again."  Alice Cooperstown is a great place with a ton of character and better than average bar food. Just what you're looking for before and after a game....or any other time as well!"  only advised by employee sweeping off patio. Had checked their website before leaving home (45 miles away) and no notice on site. 4 year old grand-daughter named Alice was so upset as she wanted to see ""a boy named Alice"". Will never return!!!!!!"  and Mike just to name a few.  It's a great place to come watch a game ( so many TVs) or hang out after any sporting event.  I love going here and randomly catching a band playing on their outside stage.  The food is definitely worth trying as well.  Some of my favorites are the Mac and cheese and chicken sliders. If your in the mood for some spicy add the jalapeo coins to your dish." Special shout out to Alisha. Bomb diggity server. Quite possibly the biggest smile on earth." Super fun family experience! Order the kids the big unit and the brownie with ice cream! Lifetime family memory! Not even Alice Cooper fan but he hit a homerun with this one! Great vibes and very fair pricing!  and Mike just to name a few.  It's a great place to come watch a game ( so many TVs) or hang out after any sporting event.  I love going here and randomly catching a band playing on their outside stage.  The food is definitely worth trying as well.  Some of my favorites are the Mac and cheese and chicken sliders. If your in the mood for some spicy add the jalapeo coins to your dish." I always take visitors new to Phoenix here."  and chicken tenders. I figured I'd be able to try a bit of everything. It's an amusing little joint Had the man vs food  big unit it was a well flavoed hot got the last was worth its price the staff was also very friendly will definitely try to go again if I am ever in the area  again We had a groupon and decided to try it out. It wasn't hAppy hour and my draft bud light was $5. The appetizers were so-so. It's a great atmosphere and would be fun after a game. "Great lil joint downtown phx. . People are friendly especially Jeremy! ! I will be recommending this place to everyone.. great live music I went there today and the food was bad the prices were high and they really screw you on the double platter deal. Do your self a favor and go somewhere else's. I would love to go back again. They are closed most Sundays. Unless there is a major event downtown. You should check their website before going down on a Sunday."  the waiter retired to take my still half full cocktail away ...though the atmosphere was fun.  I don't think I will be back anytime soon."  but wife would be reluctant to return."  slow and unorganized hostess staff. Waited 2 hrs and never served. Apparently the customer Isn't always right at Cooperstown. What a complete waste of time." Will I be back...no! I can take my business elsewhere downtown."  and then we got our food and discovered why.  I ordered a salad with grilled chicken.  I could have received a better salad at McDonald's.  The lettuce was wilted and looked straight out of a bag.  Half the chicken was cold and half was warm.  My husband ordered the ""platter"" with two meats and two sides.  He received two measly portions of meat and the sides????  BBQ beans from a can We've been back a few times since our first bad experience. I'm glad we gave Cooperstown another chance because we've had great less crowded experiences since with awesome food!! Cooperstown is one of our must stop restaurants when we are downtown!! "We eat here every time we got to a game. I love their salads and fries. My husband always gets the sliders. They taste good and aren't a dry slab of meat. Sadly the outside doesn't have servers so if you want to eat you have to order inside and then take it to your seat. The only thing I don't like is the very load alarm they ring when a person orders e big unit. My son freaks out and has fit. so  we had a decent visit. I feel think might be more of a place to stop in for a drink before a game of some sort place was packed but service was good  and pretty good beer selection.  Hubby and I ordered thier BBQ combo platter.  It came with a a mix of 5 meats and 2 side of your choice.  My fav - surprisingly - was the turkey and the link.  Thought the turkey would be dry - um NO way.  Verrrrrrry good.  Had the Peach beer  typical bar food. Nice design and decor inside. The outside patio for bands is cool. Always a very loud environment inside. Plenty of big screens to watch sports."  since they ring a bell every time one of the Big Units comes.out of the kitchen.  The wings were great (have to order chicken in some.form at a place owned by Alice Cooper)."  which helps give this place a great Rock & Roll vibe- just like Alice Cooper would want it!" The food was good..the service sucked!! We waiting 30 min for even our waters then another 15 for a drinks!! I didn't even get my food order!! So I had to wait another 15 min!! The music was good and the ambience was fun!!  he was really unsure. nevertheless he came by and gave us our drinks . He got them wrong. He fixed it but then didn't come back for another 25 minutes to take our order. now that part we weren't really annoyed because we had conversations and drinks in front of us. When he finally came over to take our order we wanted an appetizer. Now it would have been nice to have gotten an appetizer right when we gotten our drinks because then those 25 minutes wouldn't have seemed so bad. ... A food runner came out shortly after and brought us our appetizer. It then took another 15 minutes for him to come back to take our food order. The food came out just right thank god. But  After about 10 minutes you would expect for a server to come over and ask you how the meal is  but it is big and has flavor.  The servers have all been friendly and they wear the Alice Cooper eye make up.  They ring the bell and yell out every time someone orders a Big Unit and it comes out.  This is a great place to come to Worth a visit if you happen to spend time in Phoenix." Food was great. We had the most amazing server named Bailey!! She was helpful without hovering and knowledgeable about the menu and options! When you go ask for her!!  smoked? You say? Well yeah like a 15 year smoker on the patch. In Alice cooper I do not trust."  but nothing overboard. Welcome to my Nightmare chili loaded was just ok. Crispy chicken salad again just ok. Atmosphere ok but of course in the whole place that's open they put family with two under two kids right in middle fucking up the atmosphere. Nice touch. Hey Alice I will never come here again." From Seattle area big fan of Alice Cooper food is outstanding and extremely fair priced I was a little worried because some celebrity owned restaurants can suck but not here great place BBQ Is great tvs everywhere and cool rock star memorabilia all around the restaurant not just Alice Cooper's stuff  the memorabilia and wall writing can keep you occupied for many So it's an ok place & glad I went.  I got no time for tears it's just another touristy restaurant." Last night's entertainment was a wonderful surprise! Most talented group I've heard in Phoenix ! Ratio Band! Every musician was top notch! Great waitress and outdoor experience. Will be back and looking for that band again..  the huge portion that of ""man vs food"" is overrated and the price doesnt go wth the taste  It is within walking distance to Chase Field also so its pretty easy to get to before or after a game." Interesting spot downtown.  We were on our way out of Phoenix and needed some lunch before we left.  We stopped in just after they opened and were the only people inside.  It remained a pretty quiet Sunday for them with only one other table showing up before we left.  Service was friendly but minimal.  We ordered two burgers and they were cooked well and tasted great.  Their bloody mary mix is really thick and not that great but I was hungover and needed it.  We were able to get in and out in about thirty minutes so that was nice but just nothing overly impressive here.  watch games and have good food and drinks.  If you're looking for a fun and unique sports bar in downtown Phoenix then check out Alice Cooperstown."   but on the other hand I came here to try the food. I honestly wasn't blown away.  I ordered the Reuben sandwich which is a pretty standard dish. It came with fries and coleslaw. The sandwich was very small and very expensive for that size. 13 bucks seemed really steep and with a drink and tip you can not eat there for under 20 bucks. The sandwich itself was cold and very greasy. I had better. The fries were tasty but the coleslaw was stale. Our waiter was really nice and attentive and its not his fault that the food isn't great. But the joint has a nice atmosphere and I might come here again just to have some drinks since my office is around the corner." This is my son's favorite restaurant. We come during off game times and the food and service is wonderful. They give the kids Alice Cooper face paint. The waiter was extremely EXTREMELY NICE!!! Great service and awesome food!!! Definitely recommend it!!!  the atmosphere was good.  I myself am a sports and rock n roll fan and it was really cool that if you wanted to come in just to take pictures Food was not great. Not much else to say about this place. I guess if you like Alice Cooper you might want  to check this place out Everything else was blah... just mediocre." Definitely one of my favorite places to go Downtown!  We enjoyed the appetizer sampler and some beverages.  Everyone is always friendly and accommodating and the food is always excellent!  Sarah Jane and the whole crew for paying such attention to us on Saturday!  What a great time.  My nearly 80 year old father really loves this place and with good reason... Get the bbq sampler platter While on vacation I saw this place on TV and decided to make the drive to Downtown Phoenix and stopped by. The Big Unit caught my attention and boy was it big. It was delicious was able to share with someone else. Seems like a good night spot to hand out and if your lucky I hear Alice shows up from time to time. Nice venue!  Many successful possibilities because of variety of restaurant areas. Too bad booking manager does not follow through with promised dates to bands. Ratio Band found out the hard way their gig was cancelled.  Too bad.  Alicia and the hostess were fun. Looking forward to bringing our friends to the restaurant." "I went here with my boyfriend for dinner and the food was so good! I got the big unit hotdog and he got the ribs. The hot dog was just as big as I imagined and an alarm sounded when they brought it out. Lol. That was a nice touch. The ribs were tasty. The meat fell right off the bones. Its a cool concept inside  I make an effort to get to." It was entertaining but I'm not sure I'd come back." "Can't say enough about this place. The environment was cool. Nice outside are where you can enjoy a beer while waiting for a table. Staff was friendly and it was packed! Had a couple buds and some food while waiting for the Dbacks game to start. The ""Man vs Food"" hot do was the biggest hot dog I've ever seen in my life and was actually pretty decent with all the stuff they put on it. Kudos to Alice's Cooperstown for this cool place to eat." I got the smoked brisket. It's was alright. Maybe I'm just not a brisket guy cause it was dry and bland. The wings were good and I liked the ribs. I love this place. I always get the same thing though. I get the green pork chili nachos. AMAZING!! Love the environment and the atmosphere!!!!! Convenient location for dinner before a sports event or concert! The food was delicious. I recommend the Maniac Mac n Cheese!  The bacon cheeseburger was good as well with a small cup of chili that comes on the plate. The margaritas are good and strong. On a Saturday night the wait to be seated was about 15 minutes which was not bad considering how busy it was there. Staff was very friendly! Will definately be back again.  The taste was top notch and I felt bad for not being able to finish the last 1/5 of the dog. The wife had the maple garlic wings which she loved. The daughter had the mac and cheese that was just a bit too heavy on the cream and could have been a bit less soupy. But that aside This food is abundant. Wife and I are large people. We shared the big unit and the wings. We washed it down w a total of four beers. We both walked out very full. "There is a large selection of memorabilia and beers on tap.  Several people ordered ""The Big Unit"" Hot Dog because they announce it when being served. I must say the size of the order lives up to the name. My sandwich meat was chewy and a little cool. I would go back again and take more photos." "I love Alice Cooper so I figured this would be a cool spot for lunch.  I was a little worried that the touristyness of it would ruin the quality and that the food wouldnt be that good.  I was totally wrong!  The food was fabulous.  We shared an order of sliders and the pork green chili nachos.  But were seriously good.  The sliders come in 6 so we had two each of chicken One star knocked off for location.  Only crazy high priced metered parking everywhere.  I blame the city of Phoenix for this.   But free parking should be a constitutional right."  and auction items are available." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw For lunch I grazed at Alice Cooperstown. I had No More Mister Nice Guy and Desperado playing over in my head. I was not brave enough to try The Big Unit hotdog but several patrons did while I was dining. The portions are generous and staff is helpful fast and friendly. My third time there. Food delicious. Atmosphere hard rock and is very energizing. Went to buy my brother a t shirt. He is a HUGE Alice fan. Have not tried the big unit or bases loaded but one of these days I will. We have been wanting to go here for a very long time but never seem to be in the area.  Finally we went.  I love the dcor.  From the waitresses made up with the iconic Alice mascara to the autographed posters and guitars there is so much to look at.  We had the spinach and cheese dip as an app.  It was served with plenty of warm chips and the dip was very good.  My wife had the Cuban.  She said it was very good although she didn't care for the bread it was served.  I had the corned beef sandwich.  I am a corned beef sandwich whore. I love a great Rueben.  The sandwich was ok.  There was an odd flavor that was hard to pinpoint.  I believe that the meat was smoked which may have been the flavor that I kept picking up.  There were also a few bites that had very tough meat in it.  Over all I would go back to try something else.  Another thing that somewhat threw me was the price of the draft beer.....$4.16 for a Coors Light draft!  That's a little....ok a lot.....steep. It's just metal enough to not scare away average people and sporty enough not to alienate artists. It's the perfect blend...plus Alice Cooper owns it  and that is just not how you take care of customers. The only reason this gets 2 stars and not 1 is because it is a cool spot with a lot of awesome rock memerabelia." We both really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere of the place however they could really improve their service. Knowing they are close to the arena and will have large crowds during concerts and such We came her before the rattlers game and celebrated my son's 11th birthday. Our server was great even gave my son a huge dessert for his birthday.  My Aunt who orders quesadillas everywhere she goes said this was the best quesadillas she's ever eaten!! Good place to come before a game.  went outside and waited over 30 minutes for over priced mixed drink.  Finally got a table and the waitress was awful.  Food was cold The food was not good. Service was decent and the place looked a little run down. I really wouldn't recommend this place. Maybe get a beer but not the food. ate here my last day in AZ and loved it the burger was very flavorful and tasty. not a chili fan really but the chili there was pretty good too. the waitresses were all beautiful and wore the eye makeup like Alice Cooper. went because of man vs food but loved it all the ambiance was similar to that of a hard rock cafe they even play alice cooper songs oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  maybe too high. The service was excellent. We were served really fast and very well. The food in general was ok. It was not extraordinary but all was good. I had the Big Unit Bases Loaded and this was the shining star of the day. The sausage itself is great quality. The toppings were ok. I'm giving four stars be aside the service was very good. We may come back Got a grey goose vodka tonic that came in a little plastic cup with a bunch of ice in it. I basically drank it in 2 gulps. If I'm buying a premium drink it should be served in a glass. Also I should get more sips out of it then two.  Then I had the beef brisket... well if that's what you wanna call it.. that was Luke warm like it was sitting out for 15 min before it got to my table.. if you wanna call that BBQ then I must of been high because that was the worst brisket I've ever seen or had.maybe the 2 sips I got off my drink got me drunk and I must of lost all conception of taste.. all in all I never come back here to eat I'd rather go to tilted kilt or copper blues.. at least they have glasses to give you with your drinks. I also was with 3 other people and they all got plastic kiddie cups with their drinks as well.. we spent $158 on shitty drinks and crappy food.. we all we're not happy with our experience here.. and will never come back  chili and cheese and I'm sure I'm leaving a few others out. Good to split with someone and worth the price."  we picked a slow time so we could get to know the place  etc. I wanted to ask the hostess about possible merch but she totally dismissed us. We still held on to hope and ordered food to once again be let down. DO NOT ORDER THE PULLED OR SIGNATURE NIGHTMARE NACHOS!!!!!! It was burnt and embarrassing to receive. I DO RECOMMEND THE FOUR PEAKS BEER ON TAP. So my final suggestion  game over and in this battle of Lenny vs food I killed it. Best moment of my life." "Great atmosphere. Friendly staff and very good food. I was a little surprised at the prices of the meals. I will visit again for sure The waitress was not attentive to our drinks.  When we finished our beers Very disappointing experience." Parking can sometimes be a little tricky." Great music and vibe as soon as you walk through the door. My wife and I went there before Suns Vs Cavs game in December and had a great time. I would definitely recommend going there for happy hour before any game. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw "Ordered ""Coops Combo"" plus the mac n' cheese bites to split with my girlfriend. It seemed like a good sampling of menu items so made sense. The mac n' cheese bites were delicious. The chicken tenders and fries were good but I wasn't a big fan of the BBQ pork sliders. The wings were average but the potato skins stole the show- they were amazing. All-in-all I would say 4* food but our waitress went MIA for quite a while when we needed drink refills so that cost them a star." We had the chicken wings and they were great. We like the hot and the way hot sauces. Cool atmosphere. Great place for a beer and American food. "Cooperstown is its usual schizophrenic self. Some menu items are good on a visit  make sure you order the ""BIg Unit"".  It is kinda expensive for a meal that one person could finish off (I could eat one by myself Very cool place! Lots to see and admire! Tvs everywhere and never a dull moment. Even the staff gets into the makeup like Cooper . Food is Alright.. just alot of finger/friend food. "It's about what you expect.  Pretty cool environment with ok food and a big beer list.  Nothing to make you go wow  but the food is better. What makes it different is that it is Alice Coopers restaurant. The servers all wear Billion dollar Baby type of make up Great atmosphere and even better food. Got the bases loaded big unit hot dog and made it into a delicious meal for 4.  don't order it. Place is cute but will not come back Me and my husband ordered the big unit - it was delicious and of course plenty of food! Worth the $25. Our friends were not so happy with their food. They said theirs was bland and not very good. I'd recommend coming here for the ambiance and the big unit - just to say u ate it. We went during the day around 4 and place was pretty empty but looks like it might be cool at night when it's packed. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  as lunch for 2 was over $30 and my sister didn't even have a drink.  You also have to pay $5 to park.  So Also they offer FREE concerts here during summer months and it's walking distance to Diamondbacks and Suns games. How can you beat that?!"  you are the greatest."  the really big one with all the stuff. It was pretty average. Not bad. It tasted like something you would get at a ball park just twice as big. I'm glad I got to go there  20min to order food then when it came to meeting the waiter/ waitress no names ever mentioned. Refills were a nightmare to get not just soda or water but beers all 3 times. The staff just seemed oblivious to what's been going on when serving customers"  good service and great food! When you walk in there is automatically a fun and original atmosphere. I don't recall our waitress' name but she was great. The nachos were delicious. I recommend getting it with guacamole." The make up they give the kids stains their skin for like 3-4 days!"   dirty grease on a skilled cook top.  Waste of time."  all of the games are on mute so you can't hear them. Beer wasn't cold. Its more of a rock bar instead of a good sports bar. I wouldn't recommend this place for the dbacks games." "Great vibe and great food. The big unit intrigued me for a second until I read what the stuff they put on it. I stuck with their potato skins and brownie dessert. The potato skins were great. I liked that they top them off with fresh bacon. Also  but their eats were pretty solid!" "Great bar. Great food. Down the street from Chase Field if you plan on seeing a game. Definitely when I come into town We ordered the sliders and the BBQ ribs. Both were really tasty. The restaurant was fun and full of music and sports memorabilia. A great place before a baseball game. One final note. There is a silent auction going on at all times. The memorabilia in the auction is certified and proceeds go to support charity."  awesome service.  Love the chili and live music.   Wings r fantastic. Naomii is an awesome server  had a tank top on with a flowered bra underneath.  She had pushed up her breasts so far that any minute I felt that something I didn't want to see was gonna pop out.  This is not Hooters!  There were children  which the owner happened to be there while I was. He was celebrating a birthday or something and obviously he doesn't know good food either because he's celebrating there. Just my two cents."  the Randy Johnson.  Typical barfood nothing with pizzazz. But a fun place to go before a baseball game. Moderately priced. Popplepassions would return." The make up they give the kids stains their skin for like 3-4 days!" Great photo ops we had to go there since we were in Phoenix according to my 16 yr old. Im glad we went we enjoyed the food and the staff were very nice !" We saw many orders of the ""big unit"" go by Downtown Phoenix and the other symphony venues also offer a variety of wonderful places to dine before or after the performance. The Phoenix Symphony website www.phoenixsymphony.org offers additional information  I'm on their mailing list and recently got a 48% off if you purchased tickets within 48 hours for Hocus Pocus.  I love a good deal!  One final note.  One of the musicians has an assist dog who is darn cute and had a pumpkin cape on last time.  How can you say no to that?"  best impression of Edith Bunker ever. I have no idea how a man can even hit a high note like that. If you ever have the chance to see him do this I would strongly advise you to do so. It is so fun!"  it's always nice to use this occasion to dress up my son a little so he knows we are going to some place special."  dancers and puppets. The event was family friendly and very well put together. there's not a bad seat in the house and the ushers were  VERY helpful. all in all  and the Texas Tenors so far  at this location and I have been pleased each time.  Great place to spend your Saturday night!" We promised to each other that we will come back in 15 years!!" If you are interested in having a sweet date night or simply looking to tickle your eardrums with outstanding ear vibes "Attended dress rehearsal for Maestro John Williams leading the Phoenix Symphony in advance of the concert tonight with Steven Spielberg.  It was 10 a.m. on a Saturday morning for the rehearsal and the PS staff and ushers were dressed up  you should especially bring one for your girlfriend who will inevitably get cold and take it."  now I know what the hell a Sugar Plum Fairy is too!!!"  the particular piece she was discussing was Beethoven's fifth.  And I learned something!  Real pros don't call it Beethoven's fifth. They call it ""Beethoven Five"".  Can you imagine composing something that the best talents of subsequent ages compete with each other to try to do honor to? She also discussed the ruddy earthy tambre of another piece I've had seats in both the lower and upper levels Great experience. I will definitely be back."  or after the concert. There are so many restaurants to choose from in the CityScape area." The Phoenix Symphony is a great way to sneak in a little culture and to experience one of the treasures of downtown Phoenix." "The Phoenix Symphony is full of good musicians.  I doubt they are given the time they need to really prepare the music with over 200 gigs a year.  As a musician myself I can hear it in their performances.  You can kind of tell the pieces they spend time on and the ones that are ""one and done"" in rehearsal.  I understand why There is always plenty going on at Phoenix Symphony Hall "Growing up in NY I had Lincoln Center and in AZ we have The Phoenix Symphony which is phenomenal!!!  Such an amazing group of talented musicians!  We have seen many many shows here and they are always super.  The acoustics are great  to hear yet another great concert." Attended last night at Symphony Hall and enjoyed it very much. I have heard this orchestra several times over the past 2 years and they are very good! Last night was  Bernstein with a violin soloist and the a Sibelius Symphony. Both were performed well. I did have trouble deciding who was over acting. The soloist or the concert master? Their body movements were way too much. I get it with the soloist but should not see that in the principle. We are fortunate to have such a fine orchestra here on Phoenix. "I have been to 4 shows this season now and everyone has been better than the last! I did honestly think I would be bored with the symphony but that was not the case! They have an amazing line up of unexpected entertainment. From Jason Alexander The concerts are always outstanding.  This is a great ensemble with a variety of musical offerings and conductors.  I always enjoy myself and have a great time.  No seat is a bad seat.  the symphony really are very talented individuals and the diversity of shows is amazing. Everything from classical symphony to amazing artists such as Jason Alexander. This is an excellent night out!" I will forever be a Classical music fan and thrilled to say that I'm a huge fan of the Phoenix Symphony. Cheers***" Lovely botanical gardens.  This is staple on my out-of-towner itinerary.  It is quite enjoyable to walk around and check out the bizarre native vegetation.  It it much more diverse than you would imagine.  The Sonoran desert is lusher than you might imagine. "The Desert Botanical Gardens are an oasis in the local sea of strip malls and desert.  Many and varied plant areas  along with a variety of other desert plants. I went here with my digital camera and came back with a bunch of photos worth printing. The garden is extremely well-kept and is easily accessable. Admission is cut in half for students  and you turn on the shower fountain head and get an instant whiff of true monsoon season desert rain smell...it's amazing!"  it's a nice city escape. Just wear a hat & sunscreen and try to go first thing in the morning. There are drinking fountains around every turn and plenty of shade. Try a guided tour if you have the time or are playing host to out-of-town guests. The guides are friendly and extremely knowledgeable. Even if you've lived in AZ all your life (like me) you are bound to learn something new."  and rabbits were totally fun to try to find hiding in the many different plants and burrows.  I felt like a little kid ooh-ing and ah-ing at the different varieties of cacti and desert wildflowers  my favorite aspect of the DBG is this particular tree. It's near one of the ""bridges"" on the pathway. It's barkless This place never grows old. It's a great introduction to the desert for people from out of town  vibrant colors.  This is a great place to take visiting relatives who love to garden or are just nature buffs.   It's an easy walking adventure with many cozy benches to sit and bird or nature watch.  Midway through the journey is a nice spot to enjoy a little refreshment and sample some yummy treats.  At the end of your journey is a great gift shop with books  this is one of the best places to go.  It also has a great section devoted to the native people of this area and how they used the native plants in their everyday lives." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  it reminded me of my third grade classroom where we had Monarch butterflies just flying around.  (My teacher was a little bit of a hippie)  It doesn't have to take up a whole day if you don't want it to and you can explore at your own pace.  Come spring time I'm sure that the wildflower portion is beautiful.  I'm very excited to go back for the Las Noches de las Luminarias."  but it was a fun trip in itself.  Make sure you time your visit to go on a tour: you'll learn more about cacti than you ever thought was possible." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w This place is truly an oasis in the desert!" there are brochures for the botanical gardens at many hotels.  bring one with you and receive a dollar off your entrance."  it's another cactus. I found it to be about as interesting as an episode of Murder She Wrote. I kinda knew what to expect around every little bend. More plants! And every other water fountain was out of order. The two water vending machines we saw were also OOO...(out of order!). Two major exhibits were closed and yet we were still charge three bucks to see those damn butterflies. Total confirmation that I'm a city boy. I find surly homeless people "We are so lucky! The Valley is home to the Desert Botanical Garden - one of the country's most accomplished and spectacular gardens. Sure it's a great place to give out-of-town guests a sampling of what life in the desert is like. But If your looking for a special night or event that blends natural serenity and entertainment into an exquisitely unified package then check out the special events on the Desert Botanical Garden website www.dbg.org (and yes there is booze)."  which I think is a perfect amount of time. You see everything and are ready to leave by the end.  A very nice place to take visitors on a nice day." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w * take your time to bask in the glory that is the Sonoran Desert" My husband and I are fans of the cacti and so we planned a visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens on a recent house hunting trip to AZ. The day we went it was close to 100 and so we were happy that there are so many water fountains sprinkled around the gardens. We stayed for about two hours enjoying all the beautiful displays. The gardens are set up so that one can enjoy many different environments. There a also a lot of shady spots with seating to rest and enjoy the surroundings. We will definitely be back soon!  Massachusetts back in August 2006.  A big change from the beach to move into the desert.  One of the best things about living in Phoenix is the Desert Botanical Gardens (DBG).  Learning about the plants and animals has elevated our appreciation of living in the great Sonoran Desert.  We were going there so often that we became members and now go all the time.  All of our friends and relatives who visit us in the winter time were treated to the delights of the DBG.  They left knowing what a special place our new home is to us." Whoa Nelly.. this is about the Desert Botanical Gardens.. the place is great! Super romantic and a great date place!!" "beautiful place even though we were there in the middle of the summer and temp was about 105.  we saw a turtle  there has been a bit of construction as they have been improving their garden... but I don't mind One of the true gems of the Phoenix metro area." Try going as early in the morning as you can. There's more animal activity at that time and you're more likely to see the jackrabbits  a beautiful place that holds special meaning to us. Its great to bring family "A visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens should be on everyone's list. I think I read there were 50 acres of desert plants! That's a lot of plant! I'd recommend heading there towards the end of the day so you can see the Gardens in the daylight  Chihuly will be showing his work through May 2009." I remember going where when I was a boy scout. It was very fun and interesting. I love the desert vegetation and loved seeing and learning about what is what! I haven't been lately but we are planning on it. I would recommend going and if you don't have an appreciation for the desert you will after you go here. these gardens took my by surprise and i've instantly fallen in love with it." Shot of Jack Daniels: 5++" Expect it to be crowded this year.  We attended a members only night and it seemed to be oversold as parking was hard to come by.  However  it's about the adults. I can't imagine what a child would benefit from attending.  So leave the kiddies at home."  which were a great way to enjoy the gardens and beat the heat. Docents were stationed throughout to highlight different plant and animals species and to talk about the adaptations it takes to make it in the desert. Def. a cool qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  we were told we could not get tickets for another night and could get a refund or donate our ticket money. I do appreciate the refund "I was so excited to be in Phoenix during the Chihuly exhibition. I wish I could have gone to the luminaria (4-8pm)but tickets were no longer available. The artwork was breathtaking and for someone not very familiar with desert wildlife  I opted for the hot apple cider with Jack Daniels. Helped to keep me warm on a chilly desert night. The installation pieces were all integrated seemlessly with the plants and accented them beautifully. For those unfortunate souls who did not get the chance to experience the exhibit at night during Luminarias or who were so rudely rained out Side note: the DBG would be nice for an evening wedding! Too bad I'm married already!"  but this really is gilding the lily. Go to DBG. Go and see the incredible variety of desert botany on hand. Do yourself a favor."  The restaurant good and reasonable. What a great way to spend an afternoon."  which is what makes it so fun.  You really have to go there and walk the trails and hear the jazz played at night!" I will definitely have to return some evening (s) before it closes in May and take another several hundred photos." This was my second trip to the garden and both times I got to enjoy lunch on Ullman Terrace.  Two highlights of this visit were the Chihuly exhibit and the concert given by Try Me Bicycle.  Later in the spring the annual butterfly exhibit is really great too.  Although pressed for time we managed to see and photograph almost all of the Chihuly glass exhibit.  Sometime I would like to go in early March which is normally the best time for the flowers to bloom.  There are around 2 miles of well maintained trails and lots of employees and volunteers eager to answer any questions or show you something new.  The plants and other stuff on display are well documented. Nice bit of trivia:  Did you know that pineapples and aloe vera are related to cacti?"  here is a good place to see plants you've never seen before. Don't rush. Take the time to really look at the exhibits. If you're there when the cacti are in bloom  concert.  I would highly recommend to see before the glass exhibit is gone! I can't see it being anywhere near as fantastic otherwise." "I visited the Desert Botanical Gardens on Valentine's Day to see the Chihuly blown glass exhibit. One word to describe it: incredible! The pieces are mixed throughout the desert displays which had our group constantly questioning whether any of the pieces were possibly custom made for this specific location. There were two canoe/boat structures  because I would love to be able to sign up for their Desert Landscaper School.  That would be amazing!!  The lay out and the trails are very nice.  And I can't believe that I am typing this  their hours are great if you are looking to do something in the early morning or early evening." Don't forget to bring your camera!" DBG itself = very cool.  Student ID gets you 1/2 off.  More like an art museum than a typical museum of the modern era - obviously not particularly interactive Absolutely gorgeous!  I'm putting my pictures up to share!" By all means go see it.  You might be surprised."  the gardens will always be a place I take my parents when they are in town.  But I'll look for a slower time to attend." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w They have so many different types of cacti. Check it out. Take your out of town guests here e.t.c. But remember  and I will be using the Culture Pass to go again when the weather cools off." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  out of town visitors and anyone else!  Worth the $$.  I will be back!"  so get here before the sun goes down to check them out. And the butterfly exhibit closes at 5pm. Also they are now open until 9pm." TIP: Get here early -- it gets warm in the desert! [I probably don't need to tell anyone actually from the Valley that I'll just say that if you have some spare minutes in Phoenix that are not in the heat of the noonday sun  I wish I had time to visit this at night because I hear everything is illuminated.  Bring comfortable shoes because this place is huuuuuuuge!  You'll learn a lot about our beautiful state here and it's native plants." It is a nice place to relax!! and they always have some interesting activity going on. The best so far was Chihuli and the night walks. From time to time they have plant sales and they have such a good variety of them. I'm looking forward to sign a membership! I like to buy a glass of wine and watch the sun set as I wander around and admire the statuesque and colorful flora of the desert. If you are visiting Phoenix  you won't miss the intimate atmosphere that is provided by the garden and the creatures  living in the garden. We wandered over to Desert Botanical Gardens in search of the Chihully exihibit and found a quiet peaceful garden. I have to admit because it was nearly 100 degrees outside the garden was a little more vacant but this actually proved to benefit our experience. We noticed several creatures walking around the garden and foraging for food. At one point I've been here twice and really enjoy it.  Very beautiful plants and a real nice walk.  Both of my kids also enjoy it. "This is a great place to go if you want to escape.  I loved it so much that I became a member.  I have seen the Chihuly exhibit three times and it definitely brought the gardens to a new level.  It is a great way to spend the day "I really enjoy wandering around the gardens so much so that I became a member recently and since then have been back almost on a daily basis. My love affair first began when I went to see the Chihuly exhibit at sunset this past spring. I'm kind of glad that the exhibit is gone now because you can actually walk around and look at the specimens without the large crowds. Although the Chihuly piece by the main entrance is still there "Good parking. A bit expensive for Adult entry $15.00. Not to warm in October. Nice and peaceful walking. I took a lot of pictures. Lots of Cactus. Bring your own water  though the Chihuly Exhibit is now done and gone  that I was really interested in the types of plant life that can survive here.  I never knew there were so many kinds of cactus and this place has them well marked.  It's a different kind of beauty.  My contemplative  and I must say that it made the preview all that much better. I did have a small lunch at the Patio Cafe there earlier in the day Save me a spot by the fire and I might even buy you a Steaming Hot Martini :-)"  what a great place to go!" They do rent this facility out and I think it would be wonderful for catered events Pass on this for weddings...unless it's really cheap. BTW One of the volunteers told us that there are plans to expand the Sonoran Desert area of the garden This place is absolutely incredible!" For the first time in about 8 years I found myself at the DBG with some out of town family. Wanting to enjoy the weather (since they had just escaped the cold grey winter of Detroit) the gardens were the perfect spot. The garden is equipped with wide paths and plenty of benches to help the old timers pace themselves. It helps remind us city dwellers of the beauty the desert can have and how unique Phoenix truly is." The docents are very knowledgable and really love what they do. Their enthusiasm really adds to the exerience."  Butterfly exhibit (Pretty Cool) and the Chili and Chocolate Festival (So Fun and Yummy)! Definitely a trip you'll enjoy!" I love this place: look for the specials and the different events they always have going on. It's a great spot in the Valley. "Yelp in Bloom was the second time I'd been to the DBG. The first time for an evening wedding. Both events were absolutely stunning. It's a great place to hold events apparently. I need to come by to check it out the daytime though The butterfly house was fabulous--might try going earlier in the day to avoid the crowds. Saw lots of beautiful butterflies and the staff in this room were very knowledgeable and willing to share." Great place to visit and get acquainted with the Arizona desert.  The trails are easily walkable with enough to see so even the two teenagers I was with didn't get to crisis complain mode (which is a minor victory in itself).  The luminarias are beautiful and it is equally as nice to visit during the day and night. DBG is always a treat.  It is so peaceful.  There is a bi-annual plant sale.  you can definitely get great pictures."  but this is not to be missed.  Butterflies flitting their wings and kissing all the flowers - adorable!  The Desert Botanical Garden is a must-see if you're visiting Phoenix." The gardens at night offer a different experience then the daytime there are several cactus flowers that bloom at night.  Plus as the temperature rises it's nice to have events in the evening." This place is a true delight and a great asset for Phoenix." Really good overview of the Arizona desert plants and flowers. Downside: It's in the desert and it's hot as hell. Enjoy!  but it does make for a slightly alternative nature walk and there are certainly worse ways to spend a scorching outdoor afternoon in Phoenix."  large variety of pants" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  makes the desert a better place." The DBG is a very well run establishment. The garden staff is knowledgable and courteous and the setting is really spectacular. It's a wonderful place to get away alone and they also have a robust schedule of interesting events and music. It's a treasure.  but also I think missing several opportunities to provide a greater amount of education about the plants themselves and how they are practically used or planted for landscaping purposes (and yes  and a great place to get away for a few hours by yourself. I can see myself curled up on one of the shaded benches with a book :)" Sorry to be harsh but now I really appreciate the botanical gardens in California." "Oh you have to see this if you go to Phoenix. Like entering the mind of Dr. Seuss--gorgeous  the night tour is beautiful and very educational. I saw some lizards doing pushups and a tortoise eating a prickly pear fruit."  I will definitely be at the butterfly event this spring and at the Luminarias next winter." This is a great place to go when you have visitors or when you don't have much on your agenda and want to avoid going stir-crazy. I'll admit I may have impulsively bought a discounted DBG membership on Groupon more for the IDEA of going here often Give yourself plenty of time to walk the garden's many loops. I would recommend at least four hours."  and thus the entrance fee was hard to stomach. We probably should have gone on a hike around papago instead. If you are planning on going  but not on watering day and remember to bring your student ID." This is my 2nd visit in a year (Hey locals - I am from NY and this is WORTH the visit!!)"  and Utah to find all of the species that are contained within this garden.  Add in the views of the Papago Buttes and the desert landscape blending from the garden into the very hills themselves Only been twice but loved the peacful beauty."  and I have to say they picked a good day.  One of the really cool things was the Chiuly glass at the front entrance.  I wished I had been here when his collection was here!  I believe they are trying to raise money to make the other temporary sculptures a part of their permanent collection.  I'd love to go back someday."  I've always loved desert flora and fauna because it's so radically different from what I grew up with. A few hours at the Desert Botanical Garden really indulged my fascination. Grab a sunhat "The DBG?  It's beautiful.  They have ok music and interesting events.   It's a much-needed green space in the city.  Food and drinks are overpriced.  So are tickets for music in the garden.  I spend $8 every month to see the best band ever qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w "Such a beautiful place to see the desert!  Phoenix has really sprawled since I initially moved here in the late 70s.  It's quite a drive to get out to the desert today -- but the DBG is close in I highly recommend a visit! Stay for sunset  and you can even get free admission if you use the Culture Pass (which I did) available from the Phoenix Library system." Great place to go for Sunday brunch concert series or The Friday night concert series. Very good if you like jazz in beautiful outdoor setting.  because the seating is pretty limited." "I'm new to the Phoenix area and am anxious to check out all the places that people keep recommending to me. Thanks goodness DBG was high on the list. I LOVE it there and can't wait to go back. I went on free day and it was crowded in the parking lot. I was toting a stroller and 3 month old so I was slightly concerned that it would be too crowded to enjoy.Thankfully that was not a problem at all.With all the many trails and areas to explore there were times when 10-15 min would pass without seeing anyone else. Highlights included the butterfly tent I didn't get a chance to explore everywhere as I had my two young daughters with me and we headed almost straight to the Butterfly Pavilion.  If you have young children this is a NO MISS.  It's a wonderful place to spend an hour or so.  Not knowing anything about butterflies myself And since my friend and I were there two days in a row  so we spent a good amount of time in there snapping shots of all sort of species that displayed such vivid colors that we didn't want to leave. We also enjoyed the hummingbirds as well as the cactus gardens. This is definitely a nice place to go on a relatively warm day (I probably wouldn't enjoy this as much deep into the heart of summer) and the trails are not that difficult to get through. We spent probably around 3 hours here. Bring your student IDs if you have it Its a great was to spend a morning or afternoon." Great place to visit.   Urge you to visit the Desert Botanical Garden.   Want to see desert plants in their habitat; this is the place to go.   Make the Desert Botanical Garden you next trip.       I know you will enjoy the visit.  you need to come here to experience it first hand. Its not only about dirt and cacti. There are flowers galore as well."  because I work close by.  I have a couple of spots I love to sit and commune with nature.  I can't tell you Love this place. it is so peaceful and beautiful.  Came here as part of a large business function.  We were taken on a quick tour of the trails.  I've been here previously and taken in the butterfly garden (totally worth the extra you pay).  It has rotating events and art that is changing.  I love coming here for the special events such as Chocolate and Chile fest.  Getting a drink in one of the gardens and watching the sun set is one of the most relaxing and romantic ways to spend a quiet evening.  A must see for locals and guests alike. Desert Botanical Garden is not only one of the best things to do in Phoenix  not realizing it was freeloader night.  The place was so crowded with people who really didn't know how to behave (or make their kids behave) in a cultural venue.  Voices were so loud and activity was so high that the garden inhabitants stuck to the underbrush.  I know it's a plant place  it does make it a little less practical. But it is still a great option for those occasions when you have friends in from out of town or on holiday weeks when you need a fun activity that the whole family will enjoy. I was contemplating getting a membership but they are quite expensive and you still don't even get in for free to the special events like Avant-Garden or the evening concerts so it is just not worth it."  but the paths were clearly marked and great place for some nice pictures."  I would recommend bringing a bottle of water and wearing shorts.  Also be sure to bring your camera! There are so many types of cactus and beautiful desert flowers to take pictures of that you will regret not documenting it. Also be sure to go early if it's approaching summer. While there are drinking fountains along the winding paths of the garden it still gets pretty hot in the sun. There is a butterfly house that will be opening up in September which I can't wait to see "Great place to spend 3 or 4 hours. Took a free guided tour. The guide was good but he had to keep wasting our time with corny jokes. Could have seen much more if he just stuck with the gardens. No idea that mama quail with her chicks  ranging from arranging everything to the day of the wedding. I don't really have any complaints. Main thing is that if you are walking down the trails get ready to get your dress very dirty. I wish I would have bustled it or had a carpet down."  and took many great pictures!"  could have had some more wildlife out for people to see but very cool.  Don't come here during the middle of the day it's HOT!"  so be sure to take plenty of water & sunscreen. I made the mistake of carrying a large bag with me during my visit which became a big pain in the butt very quickly The Desert Botanical Gardens takes the beauty of the harsh desert environment and turns it into an oasis filled with music "Infinite stars for this place.  It is beautiful and so peaceful.  I went to the big bug exhibit yesterday first thing in the morning.  The employees were very welcoming and greeted us everywhere we went.  The exhibits are really fun and creatively displayed.  Also  Phoenix gets very hot. Late March  with all sorts of winding trails that makes you feel like your on an adventure hunt. The staff are super friendly and helpful.  I've gone during the day and for the flashlight tour... Flashlight tours are really different and put a little adventure into finding animals in the dark  and its ties to the arts community in the valley. I have heard from ex-volunteers that all the talented people in the events department have quit or been fired in the last six months because the dimwit department heads don't want to lose their jobs. They are now breaking contracts with performers  especially if you are a tourist.  I never in my life realized just how many types of cacti there were until I went here and the educational aspects of the Desert Botanical Garden are myriad without being preachy.  Yes it is hot very cool place to check out The Luminaries are always good too" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w At $18 admission it is a good deal. Staff is super friendly and helpful. You can stay as long as you want. They also have events and movie viewing nights here. Butterfly exhibit is also on on location to walk through. Definitely recommended for a nice day out or an early evening to explore a bit of beauty." TLDR: Worth the visit if this is your thing. I enjoyed myself but I love nature and it's amazing ""live"" art pieces strewed through out the dessert canvas.  I learned a lot about the flora here in Arizona.  Expensive  just stay on the path and be careful when you back up to take a picture!  I'm still snickering about the fairy duster plant. Does this mean the plant dusts fairies or the fairies use it to dust with??  Too cute!"  the docent's are helpful and willing to answer questions even if you are not on a tour. we were in Phoenix for vacation and this was a nice stop  and they especially have great seasonal events Great if you want to spend $18 to see lots and lots and lots of cactus.  but a very nice way to kill an afternoon." Definitely a do for out of towners and locals."  put on some comfortable walking shoes and enjoy the show!" Try to get to the outdoor cafe area before crowds get there around mealtime in order to see the wildlife that lives in the hillside.  Quail Who knew the plants could be sooooo big!"  then did the main trail by lighted path. They also allowed us to observe a glass blowing class in session. I think it is the best botanical garden I've been to." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Great place to spend a lazy Sunday.  Also great place to take visiting friends and family.  then I'm guessing you would have had a lovely experience. But I encourage you to call ahead and find out what is and isn't open before you commit your time to the DBG." I just wish I had more time to explore DBG more often!" I think it is cool how it is next to the zoo (which I didn't get to visit) Didn't rate 5 stars due to the cost of admission" "Our group of 4 adults went on the morning of Mar 14.  This is a spectatular display of desert garden items.  It is extremely well laid out and has items that will appeal to many tastes.  The volunteer staff are fantastic and their love of what they offer is apparent.  The entrance fees are somewhat high but you get value.  There are many places to rest The Butterfly Exhibit was worth the trip.  but I can only imagine that the Desert Botanical Garden is a unique and worthwhile experience."  everything was in bloom for spring. The butterfly exhibit was so much fun. I am signing up as a member today . I plan to go back next weekend to visit my butterfly friends ." It was a beautiful day in a beautiful place. If you're in the area  but found ourselves taking more pictures and looking around at all of the beautiful gardens opposed to what we were originally there for lol! If you're in from out of town  stopping to listen to the interesting tid-bits as I went. I also went to the butterfly pavilion and watched the butterflies fly around eating and sunbathing  I felt like I was in a butterfly wonderland. :) great place to get inspired and have a peaceful walk." My friends got married here two weeks ago and it was a beautiful venue. They even allowed all the guests to walk through the gardens before hand. Great place for families that live out of state so they can see the wonders of the desert.  but paying almost $50 for two of us to walk around the gardens seemed steep. If I lived very close by I would definitely pay $65 for a membership and visit often because they have lots of shady areas to relax and read or have a picnic Stay away in the summer unless you want heatstroke - BRIING YOUR OWN WATER so you don't have to buy theirs!  Springtime is best If you set aside the fact that it's deathly hot in there "LOVE THIS PLACE!!! its a little over priced though which suck especially if you're a student as I am. This place is close to campus so you'd think they'd offer some kind of student discount  as there are tons of photographers running around. This could be your chance to get discovered - maybe your errant hand or part of your backpack will end up in some semi-famous hipster's Flickr!" The Desert Botanical Garden is a great way to spend the day and learn about the beauty of the desert. It is truly one of Phoenix's best offerings." The cafe has some good food options and the prices are fair. Their plant sale is also very good and my mother goes every year. I can't wait for the temperatures to cool down a bit so we can go and enjoy the gardens some more!" Note: There is a butterfly section in the garden but don't get your hopes up - we didn't see any during the summer."  all sorts of birds and adorable bunnies. The butterfly garden when it's open is wonderful. I really enjoy going for a walk here at sunset I was sad that the gift shop didn't stay open for the late tours. I am a magnet lover "Certainly is beautiful. Except the management can't manage to make it profitable (in a non-profit sense). 370  flashlight tours and especially the Luminaries every Christmas.  The combination of music and the hand-lit luminaries is stunning and a great way to celebrate the season.  Definitely worth the visit Worst part: had to back track to get to the concession stand for a ice cold beverage" A great way to spend a cool afternoon.  Unique to Phoenix with the various desert plants.  Stroll around the grounds.  Lunch is available. Well worth the visit.  I enjoyed it so much I signed up for a membership.  Will certainly visit frequently.  Definitely a must-see for Phoenix visitors. Definitely consider joining if you can.  $75 for two people and $100 if you want free rentals of the scooters every time you go...especially handy if you're recovering a debilitating injury!" DBG is one of those places in the Valley that can easily be forgotten by locals but the grounds are beautiful and the events are a perfect activity!"  5 basic kinds. I started taking pictures of all of them until I remembered: I really don't care that much about cacti." I absolutely loved visiting this place and wouldn't mind going again especially to the various events they host throughout the year...just another reason to re-visit Phoenix!!! :)"  and I certainly learned a lot. It's nice to be able to look at all the different cacti in the valley and know what they are There are water fountains all over the place serving good cold water! It takes about 2hrs to see everything so come prepared. It's a great place to spend quality time with the family during the weekend. Las Noches de las Luminarias is very popular and known world wide.  It runs from the day after Thanksgiving and ends on December 23rd.  It's a wonderful way to bring much happiness in the world and to celebrate the season of giving and goodwill to mankind." Beautiful setting and great fun if you hit the Chocolate fest. See all the art pieces and literally stop and smell the blossoms. :) One of the best attractions in the Phoenix area.  Incredible amount of cacti to see.  Great walking trails through the various areas.  Lots of fun events year round with a great sales twice a year.  Don't miss the luminaries at Christmas time! If you think it's just walking around looking at cactus A lovely evening of great food and company spent in a lovely atmosphere!"  so bring those that normally wouldn't be able to walk. This place is very accommodating!"  the event specialist was great to work with and the DBG events team accommodated my lighting needs.  Thank you DBG for making our wedding night AWESOME!"  and it was spectacular.  Everyone around us had fun too!  It was easy to spend hours just walking around the gardens and gaze at the lights.  The selection of music that the gardens had was great too.  It was easily worth the admission price  as most of the flowers aren't blooming. Probably from April - early November (if you can stand the heat) you'll have a good shot of seeing great things in all the exhibits. Put it on your to-do list and take a friend!"  skip it. $18 a person ....not really worth that many dollars.  You can go to the desert or look at your own front yard." --lMCM6K8-9NTvPlbCMXEA  but thought it was really well done and really cool stuff here. Be sure to go once during the day and once at night. People of all ages will like this." "Nice place to be.  My kids enjoy walking around occasionally.  The butterfly exhibit is fun.  They also put on a nice Halloween event for kids  I enjoyed the time spent here. So different than any other botanical garden I've been to..and I go to almost every one I encounter on vacation...this was so unusual but so beautiful . I wish they had a little more info on the plants other than names...uses etc."  and obviously some cra-a-a-zy cacti. It is pricy but don't forget to use that (unadvertised) AAA discount. Also take along water as I found some of the fountains non-functional. We spent about 90 minutes here and didn't really rush or need more time (however Beautiful...one needs to visit if you are visiting Phoenix  should we be fortunate enough to visit the Phoenix area again" Attended last weekend for the Cactus and Corks event. I'm from Ohio and live in CO so this was an awesome place to check out the deserts terrain. I recommend keeping an eye for for local events and bringing any out of town guests to this garden. Beautiful. Well worth my afternoon "I have visited this locale on a few occasions now and I must say there is nothing like it in all the Valley and perhaps the state itself. They host tons of events throughout the year and the YELP party that was held here in 2010 was EPIC. I highly recommend going at night....but watch for the critters.....LOL...both animal and human....LOL. There doesn't have to be an event there to go visit though....if you just want some peace and quiet....enjoy a beautiful sunrise or sunset.....or just take a romantic stroll with that special someone.....then this is your place. Eat "I went to to Gertrude's for lunch and had high hopes for this restaurant since it is in such a great location and new. I had the beet salad with chicken and was sorely disappointed by the wilted salty greens with salty pickled beets. It cost $14 since I added chicken and that was so sparse on the plate. My two colleagues had mahi mahi tacos and there was hardly any fish in the dish yet tons of onions Nice place to visit in spring time frame.  The prices are affordable and the views are breathtaking. qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  we loved the chocolate souffl - mmm good all the way through. Go eat there as soon as you can." The highlight of the trip was when we saw a prairie dog on our way out of the garden."  entry pricing is comparable to other horticultural sites around the country.  It certainly goes to the good cause of preserving and protecting regional flora."  possibly landing on you too. They have butterfly patrollers on duty with soft rainbow dusters to make sure you don't leave with a butterfly souvenir." GORGEOUS.  You must see this garden!  It was a beautiful and educational walk.  We thoroughly enjoyed it.  so it's a great opportunity to take the kids when they get of of school." I took plenty of pictures and as I took in what Phoenix had to offer gained a better appreication for the cactus!" The path and information at each stop was stunning and there was even some interactive activities along the way for my daughter to enjoy. I cannot wait to get back to Arizona and take the family again!" Writing and photos don't do it justice  I think it's a pretty cool place to walk around and enjoy the outdoors on a nice day. I really like the butterfly exhibit when that's going on - usually in the spring. I have yet to go to a night time exhibit "Absolutely beautiful! It was way more than I expected! I had taken my Grandmother & Mother there for an early Mother's Day celebration and was pleasantly surprised that the butterfly exhibit was still going on. The staff was very nice  and see if they are open before you go.  We were unable to get there our first try because of a marathon." This is a nice place to come and see the monarch butterfly exhibit and learn about the various types of desert plants and how they survive and acclimate to the desert. Also did insect inspection camp which was fun for the kids. Great teacher to student ratio for the camp. Hands down: our family's favorite place to unwind in the city! I will renew my membership year after year after year....and  but this place changed my mind. It was so nice there that I feel like I can actually appreciate desert plants now...I didn't say love...I said appreciate. And there were some little animals there too. Worth the price if you go when it's under 110 degrees outside for sure. And my hotel had a coupon too."  and it always seems to look different each time. I like the variety of exhibits that they have to offer  go to DBG if you want to get a real taste of Arizona. If you want to try something different  but you can see through them. We also got to see a lot of wild life that was running around since it was just me and my wife. It was really cool to see it when no one was around. I am sure we wouldn't have seen as much interaction between plants and animals if we would have gone when it was busy. We also got lucky to see 2 infant Great Horned Owls while we were there. My wife got some good photos of them. All in all it was a good place and good time. The only downside that I can see to this place is the entry fee. It is a little too expensive. I think $18 per adult is a little high and would love to see it come down a little. Of course it has to be maintained so I understand to a point the cost. Not sure if we will ever come back here I was impressed with the Butterfly Pavilion when we visited on 4/9/13.....plenty of species to get up close and personal with! My nephew also got a kick out of the flashlight tour that we enjoyed in May of this year.......get there to get out of the city!" First tine visit for the flashlight tour. We will come back for a day trip too. The on site bar and restaurant look real cool and the entire property is clean and a good vibe. The trip was a great way to be active but also relax and have a good time." The grounds are impeccable!"  this is a worthy addition to your sight seeing adventures. Enjoy and wear lots of sun screen protection!! Dress accordingly!"  you will likely be bored senseless after about 10 minutes." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w One of the most beautiful settings in Arizona. A must for locals and tourists alike. qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Last night put us into the holiday spirit. It is a definite must see.  For some reason last night there was a special on admission. 50% off  and their dedication to showing off the beauty of the desert is enough to make any Phoenician proud. If you are a photographer  this is a fairly impressive botanical garden and should be a stop if you are in the Phoenix area.  I'm a fan." I can't wait to go again!" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w I felt privileged to go when Chihuly glass displayed (till May 2014)." I must admit that $30 per ticket (though it's less if you're a park member) seemed a bit steep Bummer as it is sold out through Dec 28. And family from France will be gone." "My favorite place in the Arizona. So gorgeous. The people who work here are also very friendly The Chihuly exhibit in general was beautiful. There's nothing quite like his art and it looks incredible amongst the cacti. I would like to come back at night to see everything all lit up. I'm sure that looks even more amazing.  It's definitely worth a visit!" I can't wait to go back and see all the flora and fauna in the daylight! You simply must go!" Beautiful by day and night.  Luminaries and Chihuly are a must see!!  Makes for a very nice evening! Love this place! Went last night for the luminaries and it was amazing with the Chihuly exhibit going on. I will definitely be coming back to visit during the other seasons to see the amazing plant life." A visit here makes for a nice day of walking around in nature - and the mountain views were certainly pretty. I just didn't feel that it was worth $22. Oh  but the sculptures lit and set amongst the cactus - gorgeous. The exhibit kept giving and giving around every corner! Took a solid 2 hours to see everything from 6-8pm. The crowd was nice and thin by this time. Highly recommend." 20% discount with AAA card :) "Had the opportunity to experience both the Chihuly event with Las Noches De Luminarias at night. So incredible!! I love coming here to the DBG but to experience these two unique events was truly magnificent!! Picture walking through the gardens at dusk  but would really like to go again during the day to be able to read the plaques with plant descriptions more easily. It was a great date night and I'm sure I'll make it another date ""day"" sooner rather than later. :)"  the garden grounds magnificent! Hard to fully explain the impact it has. Especially loved the Saint Earth sculpture! Go   most well curated gardens in this hemisphere. The Chihuly art is a perfect match and anyone who likes glassworks can't afford to pass up the chance to see these installations. I was traveling on business and wish my wife and kids could have experienced the gardens. They'll have to settle for pictures till next time." You can buy a ticket online before you go. If you're thirsty there is free water in front of Gertrude's (next to the shop)" "All I could remember was ... heat.  We went on a mid 70 day and it was still exhausting to walk in the heat.  There are a few really tall cactus' that are cool but honestly..... I wouldn't go back nor would I bring anyone visiting.  I can't seem to find entertainment in plants ! Don't take my opinion on it and go at least once.  The glassblowing exhibit made it a bit more enjoyable.  We stopped by this food area that had really good garlic fries... being foodies we even tried to food.  There were a lot of quails .. we spotted a cardinal which was pretty cool.  Other than that.. a few tips buy online to skip the line  though  the garden was the most crowded I've ever experienced when we went even though they sell a limited number of tickets for specific time slots. The local libraries offer ""culture passes"" where you can get free admission to the garden  just go! Students get in for $12 (pretty steep discount). I went on a Saturday on valentines day weekend and it was very packed. I foolishly didn't make a reservation so I couldn't get in at 5:00 pm but I ended up coming back at 7:00 pm and got in without trouble. If you've never been before  and at night - the way the glass is lit up at night is gorgeous. Get tickets in advance online to skip the lines (the Chihuly exhibit is there through May) and dress for the weather."  it looked like they were hosting an event that day and had done a wedding the day before. What a beautiful venue for events!" I wasn't very impressed with either the Chihuly gift shop or the main gift shop but I didn't let that affect my overall rating."  which I attended last weekend.  What could be better than wine tasting followed by wandering around amidst a bunch of cacti?  ;)  One of the best trips I had there was in April one year because so many of the cacti were in bloom.  Prior to that  Marianne and all the staff and crew at the Desert Botanical Garden!"  but overall for far less money you can get out and experience some of the great trails all around our state. Take the time and see it for real instead of in a plant-zoo." "It was fun to see all the different types of cacti! It got a little repetitive after a while though. The Chihuly exhibit being there is really what pushed it to 4 stars for me.  I would probably go back "Another perk for going to AZ for Spring Training is this place and the Chihuly Exhibit which I think runs through May 2014. A ballgame in the day then the exhibit at night from 4-8pm (there's also a daytime slot but not sure if that would be as good as evening slot). DO NOT MISS THIS if you are in Phoenix for anything! Watch the sunset and stare in amazement at the art glass sculptures created by Chihuly to blend in with the cacti "Wow. What an amazing collection of cacti! This definitely beats out the impressive  I was bummed that the cafe was closed. It's definitely a great walk this great scenery! Lovely for photos!" Keep hydrated in the summer!"  keep in mind that it is very HOT.  The first time I came here was in the summer and I was too miserable to enjoy it."  which by the way is spectacular. The path's are dirt and therefore your shoes and even socks get covered in dust. Beer and wine is sold in different areas of the paths. Take your camera and maybe a note pad and pen. You may want to record the species of plants to place in your yard. I think it's more for adults  apply sunscreen liberally. I would say the garden takes about 2.5 hours to comfortably explore."  but after looking at the other reviews and the over 700 photos! I think this place is very very well documented and photographed and well it is all true. Stop here Take a look at what I wrote about the DBG in my full review in my blog: http://lagamio.com/2014/03/02/desert-botanical-garden/"  which was surprising to me.  There is a coupon for $2 and another deal for 20 % off with AAA.  I did not try to combine them.  My kids went off by themselves and came back with their face painted  with docents on hand to explain and instruct about anything you might want to know. We visited while the Chihuly exhibit was up and were amazed to see how he integrated his works into the landscape to stunning effects. Lunch at Gertrude's "Was just here for Agave on the Rocks and it was very well done. Great food and several incredible bands. And the Fire Dancer was unbelievable!!!! And with Chuhuly Glad in the background  but only $90 for two people for an annual pass (plus you get two free guest passes - that's $44 right there). My boyfriend and I often stop in just for a walk before or after we go out for dinner."  but it was so great to see a new plant life in abundance. This is a beautiful environment and worth as much time as you can give it. The gift shop is standard and the restaurant 'Gertrude's' was very good and very busy. Need reservations for that."  but if not the DSB is still a pretty great place to come and see if you're in Phoenix and looking for something cool to do." So worth visiting however..."  etc.  The garden is a fantastic setting for after hours events."  etc.  The Chihuly glass sculptures situated throughout the gardens were a very nice added touch.  These are pretty darn impressive and the gardens themselves are It is a nice place to walk and wander around looking at the plants This is a gem in the desert.  It has been here in the Valley as lo g as I remember and was a favorite field trip.  Now we love to go as adults and enjoy the holiday luminarias and the artwork.  Became a member too. Had a great time seeing the chihuly sculptures. A little expensive but with seeing at least once! "An amazing and unique botanical garden. There are a lot of botanical gardens in the us but none quite like this which showcases how beautiful  but -wow- were the gift shop prices steep... Would've been nice if the paths were slightly more lot up because it was really hard to see where to walk even though people were everywhere." I have been here several times and have always been impressed!  Yesterday we stopped by to see the Chihuly exhibit and we were blown away as always.  The desert was still somewhat in bloom and interspersed with the Chihuly glass is such a treat.  I highly recommend a visit and check out Groupon to save some $ too.  We paid $12/person instead of $22/person...yippee! They have a great variety of desert and arid plants.  Most Botanical Gardens I've gone to have a much different climate with plants that are used to water and it was very interesting to see the difference of the desert plants.  For me The Desert Botanical Garden is a very special treasure and I am so glad I checked it out.  I am sure you will too. :)"  I feel as though if it weren't for the chiluly and butterfly exhibit the place would seem rather d"  especially with the Chihuly exhibit installations. I love this place & go at least twice a year!" You can walk all the trails in under an hour and the Chihuly glass artwork scattered throughout the gardens added a nice touch." The botanical garden is definitely one of the treasures of the city.   What a great place for a relaxing and interesting walk that really showcases the Sonoran desert beauty.   It does desperately needs a good Cafe and properly done would be a great location for a day and evening restaurant that equally showcases the modern West .  to the exhibit. I loved how the glassworks were integrated into the garden. They did a beautiful job putting it all together What a truly spectacular and magical place! We went to the Chihuly After Dark exhibit and was amazed at both the gorgeous plant life integrated with the artists glassworks! This is a must viewing!!! Gertrude's restaurant was excellent and they serve wine and other beverages to enjoy while you are strolling the grounds!!! "We came here with a group of 10 ppl just to see the Chihuly Exhibit. It was beautiful and we absolutely loved the park. The front gate person said we could come back in the evening to see the glass art lit up in the dark as long as we kept our bracelets on. And we did come back! We walked the park in the daylight in about 2hrs It is $20-$22 per person to get into this exhibit.  You won't see anything here that you can't see for free on a hike on any path around Arizona.  They did have the Chihuly sculptures up and they were beautiful.  But we went during the day and didn't get to see them lit up.  Every stand was out of water and the vending machines only took credit cards.  The waters were $1.50 for a 20oz.  The gift shop was completely over-priced.  A puzzle was $25. We were leaving and people were fighting over parking spaces.  Don't think we would ever go back. "This is quite an enjoyable place to go especially when company is visiting from out of town. The area is really big so there are a lot of different desert plants to see & it takes a sufficient amount of time to walk around. They have a group guided tour for free if you're interested in that. We have been through twice now - once during the day time & also once when they had the Chihully exhibit during the night time. Both times were a pleasant experience although if you're going to the exhibit  it is that parking is a mess and disorganized and the event may be oversold.   We went SAT evening and it looked like others had the same idea to go to this exhibit.  I'd recommend you go early and be prepared to hunt for parking." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w What a wonderful place to visit. Especially at night during the holidays. This past holiday season the Chihuly exhibit was magical. Treat yourself and go. I also encourage you to provide visit scholarships or subsidys for some of our area's least wealthy young people.  They may be inspired to learn plants and lift Arizona science We had a great time and I only regret not being able to stay longer.  I understand that a Fairy World exhibit is coming up next at The Desert Botanical Gardens.  Perhaps a membership is in our future...?" Beautiful!! Leisure walk around gorgeous areas. Bring a water bottle. Lots of restrooms about. Lots of shade and resting areas. Beautifully decorated as well! Gorgeous parabolas and fountains and lots of park helpers everywhere! The gift shop is adorable too.   actually a lot of shade out on the trail.  Would go again to see other exhibits" A friend of mine also got married here more than a decade ago and the wedding was beautiful.  Very romantic.  I wish it was closer to where I live  I believe the Chihuly exhibit has ended but don't let that stop you from checking out this beautiful gem.  Would definitely drop by the gardens if I'm ever in the Phoenix area again.  I loved it!  Don't forget to bring your hat "We've been to the DBG two or three times now for various events.  It's a great place to take the family and friends.  They have many events throughout the year Did I mention they have nighttime flashlight tours? I haven't done one but it sounds like fun. The only way they could improve this place is to make it free."  but its definitely a must do if you are anywhere near Phoenix. Also the plant sale that they have is twice a year too I think  I still found the enjoyment and peace of the desert tours early morning or late evening to beat the heat. Will always love this Arizona Gem. A great place to take out of towners when they visit. Remember... Our backyard cacti and wildlife is alien to these friends & family... DBG fascinates even the most boring uncle that never wants to do anything.... :)"  and great exhibits throughout the year for the locals!"  I never saw another person while tracking through. The plants and information are just gorgeous!!! And having the sunset in the background was beautiful. I'd highly recommend this place. I was also very impressed with all the wildlife I saw. But because I went late The gardens themselves are also great. We bought an annual membership and have used it many times. Every visitor we have had to AZ comes with us and loves it too."  the on-site restaurant is a local favorite and has some really delicious options. The bar looked huge so it would make a fun night spot as well."  but that just adds to the natural beauty this place has. I love the many different areas there are and the interesting historical charms there are hidden throughout. I absolutely love Dave Chihuly's pieces through the garden also. I see myself spending a lot of time here in the future." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  its really beautiful I didn't think it it would be so amazing just being desert. if you walk slowly you can catch a lot of different animals. we can't wait to go again."  very cozy area to stay away from the heat. I was very upset that they don't mention at the entrance that the butterflies pavilion is closed All-in-all this was a really good experience and I'm glad we went. I'd probably go back if I were ever there in Winter  it's $22 to enter. I don't have a problem paying entrance fees but thus is far too high to see an attraction. Botanical gardens in other cities range from $5-10. I hope that by posting this Beautiful grounds. Breathtaking is not an exaggeration. Sorta expensive for the scope/scale of the place. But any plant lover will be in heaven.  I like how they mix it up with sculptural elements as well. I learned a ton here and even got some landscaping ideas for my own yard. No reason not to go here if you are any sort of plant lover.  desert flowers.  Disappointed that many exhibits were closed.  Maybe it was a seasonal thing. Wish they had some kind of tour. I think we would have gotten more out of it.  They seem to be doing a lot of work on the place I recommend spending time here at night to see all of the pieces are lightening up. I'm sure that will surely love it more. The kids enjoyed it much!"  which I visited. There were plently of butterflies to see and take pictures of. Overall Thanks for the hay ride to pick up the pumpkins we couldn't keep." "Beautiful desert gardens.  Come at sunset and you'll be delighted.  I've been here 2x and I'll be back.  Kids have fun I love the botanical garden. There was a time (when I had a zoo membership) when I would take my oldest son several times a month. It always has such pretty blooms and a fun butterfly pavilion. They even have free days on Tuesday!  and the Cactus and Succulent Gallery.  We did see the last one after the wedding party had moved on.  There were signs at the entry pointing wedding guests where they should go.  Providing information for the paying customers regarding the timing the sections would be closed so we could planned our time differently and not missed so much of the gardens." Absolutely stunning a great place to go for a good feel of Arizone. We were there for the Chili + Chocalate fair. Lots of walking so go prepared. My complaint is that the price is quite high for a park where you can really get through everything in an hour or two." "Highly recommended if you are a visitor to Phoenix for the first time. A large variety of cacti- and some of those saguaros have to be 40+ feet tall! Keep in mind this is the desert  and I couldn't have been more pleased. Jessica at the admissions booth was lovely and extremely helpful  to accommodate my schedule. I have attended several events there and they have always been well planned and organized. I recommend them highly to anyone visiting Phoenix." Great place for families!"  probably more than I needed to learn - but it was a fun educational opportunity for sure." Thumbs up and worth a visit!" "Re: las noches de las luminarias. Great place to take a date. Every year they change things up to keep it fresh.  Good bands "WOW!  If you ever wanted to see cactus of all shapes and kinds "Such a great place to see the desert plant life up close. We saw lots of birds and small mammals too  especially with such a huge difference between adult and student. To be honest Best and largest collection of desert plants I have seen. A must-go place in Phoenix. They have ""dog day in the gardens"" in January and then some wine tasting events in February that sound awesome...wish our trip to Phoenix would've coincided with one of these fun days."  there are a few flowers and some wildlife." "Such a beautiful place that showcases so much of the Southwest's natural beauty. Flowers  I think it's a great stop if you're visiting Phoenix." "This is a ""must see"" for those new to the desert.  They have a world renowned collection of desert plants & rare cacti all set in a stunning location.  See natural landscaping as well as what can be done with succulents in a planned landscape.  Excellent!"  saguaros and yucca trees. The beautifully landscaped grounds are well planned. Bring yr hat and wear sunblock as you are in the desert and there is not much coverage.  Some special exhibits at different times of the year so check their calendar. We were there during a chocolate and chili outdoor festival. Yum!  Well worth the admission fee. Plan to stay here for at least a couple of hours such a beautiful array of desert gardens!  art exhibits and plenty of others. I'd suggest a combo if you aren't there in the flowering season. Looked fun!"  the Desert Botanical Gardens in Phoenix will awe you into enjoyment! Nature lovers will love the way the gardens are both laid out and naturally set. The incredible access in its layout allow both convenience and access to every section If you're looking for a nice day to catch a glimpse of beautiful nature life or have a special event to host this is the place to be. I have attended many events at this location which have been catered by some of the best companies. Along with the life of the nature make a perfect combo to a wonderful evening." If you can hit up a night activity there Total jerks. They should  let people know before selling tickets to them." "Love the reciprocal membership! Used my LA Arboretum membership to get in without any problems. Very friendly staff. Nice shady areas to rest in the desert heat. Also lots of cafe seating  several sections of the facility were closed for weddings.  We complained to the management Bring a bottle of water and be prepared to refill it...AZ sun is hot."  reading about the desert plant life and soaking up the hot Phoenix sun. I also visited the Patio Cafe and Gertrude's at the beginning and end of my tour and was impressed by the delicious food and drinks. $22 is a steep price for entrance to a garden but this one did not disappoint. If I lived in Arizona I would gladly join one of the volunteer programs to support this beautiful reserve. Not to be missed "This is in Papago Park near the airport. This is what a Billionaire's desert garden would look like after sixty years of care. Easy "Not much I can say about this place except that there are a lot of cacti. I didn't think it was very diverse in regards to plant life there... again just a lot of cacti and dirt. There wasn't a lot of great views either  but it was a temporary exhibit. There are only a few near the ticket booth. If you have AAA "Enjoyed our lunch and walk around the Desert Botanical Garden. I was disappointed the Butterfly exhibit was an additional fee "I went here on a Sunday (alone) to have some fun with my camera and finally see the garden in person. I only saw part of it but I was amazed by the beauty and diversity I found here. I went back the following Friday to experience this with a special lady. It is the perfect place for a date! It is the perfect place to take the kids and even guests from out of town. If you appreciate the beauty of nature  but get there early. We arrived shortly after opening to beat the heat and the crowds. We spent about two and a half hours throughout the gardens. As we left "Absolutely beautiful. We actually were lucky enough that we went on a partly cloudy day and it was absolutely gorgeous. The chihuly sculptures are so intricate that just seeing photos of them does not do them justice. There was a lot of walking involved  we went Saturday. There were many people but it wasn't uncomfortably crowded. Volunteers were in all the display areas with smiles and information. Many plants were blooming and we enjoyed watching various butterflies and hummingbirds. We even saw several varieties of lizards. I loved the herb garden Well worth the cost of membership if you go more than twice a year Bit of Advice: Go early in the day. Make it a day. Have lunch at the Garden. Afternoons in late April are beginning to get toasty Great place to visit and look at teh various plants.  Lots of different birds too. "This place has an excellent variety of plants and cacti and the folks here are very knowledgeable and friendly.  I'd say April is the month to go  is that trails can be kind of confusing and you can double around a bit. And you are walking in the sun for a coupe of hours I got lucky and scored free tickets from the phoenix public library!" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Overall this is a very nice garden. Go see it if you are in the Phoenix area and if the weather isn't too hot. Wear sunscreen and a hat. Drink water. There are many water fountains throughout the park but bring a water bottle. This is a nice place to see desert plants. It is a beautifully maintained garden. When I visited there were many plants blooming "This is a really amazing place to learn about the desert environment's flora.  I never knew that such variety existed out in the hot and dry environment of the desert.  They also educate you on how the native people lived and some of the plants they subsisted on.  They have five trails  and other decorative items. There is a restaurant adjacent to the gift shop that I hear is very good!" I recommend coming here in the morning before it gets too hot. Be prepared for lots of walking; the garden is much larger than it appears  but I learned almost nothing. I did enjoy learning about hummingbirds and butterflies Since that doesn't happen in Northern California."  it was a beautiful day out and I had great company!" 4 stars it is. A good random date spot for you dudes who are smart So much to see and no words can describe how beautiful this place is. I picked up some ideas for my house as well as added new plants to my I want list."  and as a kid every summer i used to volunteer at the kids center (not sure if everything is still the same) but i always had a blast! The whole garden was very large  this is a desert."" We had a good laugh once I gently set the expectations to a more realistic level. Still had a great time. Go here if you're running out of things to see or they have some kind of art exhibit going on." Stunning location and very nice layout.  Wish the tickets were a little less than they are but if it keeps the place going I might go a bit less but..... "This was pretty nice. The exhibits are really nicely displayed and there's a lot more to the desert landscape than I had previously thought. The education component is definitely nice. It's also fun to go at dusk and use flashlights to navigate through the gardens. I was disappointed that many of the exhibits were closed for construction and/or remodeling I will make it a point to come back here during future trips.  What a fantastic place this is!  I loved it!!" Disappointed a few exhibits and trails were closed didn't get to see any type of wildflowers just Joshua trees and cactus .. Bad timing 8/17/15 ... $40.00 is a bit pricy if you ask me I felt like it was a tourist trap.. The admission is ~$20 but you get what you pay for and this place is a gem and is completely funded without any government money. Parking is free. The restaurant and it's menu looked nice and I would love to have sit down but I didn't have enough time."  keep telling me what a glorious new outfit the desert has found in its new Botanical Garden. And I'll go for a hike." This experience is perfect for any age. I would come back with my parents and even grandparents since the trail is pretty easy to go through. There are volunteers who have set up a table and wear string lights around their neck so you can quickly locate them A super great 'oasis' minutes from downtown Phoenix with loads of annotated flora of the desert. Lots of sunshine and beautiful walking trails with a wonderful restaurant and gift shop. Just make sure you bring a hat and sun block while enjoying the trails. Can spend as little as 30min here and as much an 1 hour. Make sure to take a break from the heat at some point. Stay hydrated and bring a water bottle." "Im from Washington DC and by the US Capital we have a FREE beautiful botanical garden. I paid $20 to walk around in the heat to see cactus that I had already seen on my way to Sedona. I was not impressed with this place and even though I was rushing it so I could catch my flight Botanical gardens is a beautiful place to enjoy nature of the desert. We had a drink at the built in restaurant - I think it's called Gertrude's and it was a nice break to a hectic week Beautiful gardens and lots of education. The staff was friendly and knowledgable. As a native to Washington state I'm fascinated by the different vegetation for the region and in awe at the beauty. I'd go again the next time I'm in the area. "I second the other reviewer that doesn't ""get"" this park. I went here once almost 8 years ago when I first moved to Phoenix and I remember being completely underwhelmed. Today I was like OK maybe I should give this park another chance since the reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor and pretty much everywhere online make it sound like it's best garden on earth so I thought to myself I must've missed something in my first visit. Nope "Saw this place on Yelp and decided to check it out while I was in town. I've never seen a botanical garden based on cacti but this place is very impressive. Very well kept and the docents are very friendly. They have a sit down restaurant at the front and a casual deli Cafe towards the back. The admission fee is $22 for general which is kinda steep especially since I didn't stay very long since it was so freaking hot. However   go take a trip to one of the places that one of these guys gave for thier 1-2 star review and enjoy seeing less than half of the plants you'll see on the outside. P.s. if you are expecting to see tulips or daisies We just moved to Arizona and we went to the Desert Botanical Gardens last week. It was beautiful and we learned so much. I can't wait to go back and see how the gardens change each season! Beautiful! Never having been to a desert before I was a great experience to see the beautiful desert gardens. Adults get in at $22. Parking is free" My first time here and already planing on coming back we were here for my 2 daughters event on day of the death it's a nice celebration my kids were dancing food was good music good and the wheater couldn't it be better for an outdoor event we are coming back closer to Christmas. Pretty cool place to check out if your into gardens and horticulture. Great exhibition of desert plant life. Come by and check it out if your nearby.  although for $22 per person just to walk around in the garden is pretty steep (hence the 4 stars) the small little exhibits and info of the plants were very interesting and seeing the wildlife like butterflies and hummingbirds only inches from you is great as well !" This is my perhaps 4th visit and a must visit every time I'm in Arizona."   came here for the chili and chocolate event and it did not disappoint. They had both an indoor and outdoor section.  There was also a stage for cultural shows as well.  I'd come back here again."  but you would not have known until you got to the parking lot - it is that quiet.  The security staff were very cordial and helpful too.  When an elderly member of our party left their cane in the go-cart rental office My boyfriend and I went because we got free tickets from the library. I expected to see some pretty flowers but all I saw was plants and trees. They are okay but I prefer flowers. I wouldn't pay any money to go back. First time was enough for me.  a wedding reception in the outdoor pavilion.  You really cant ask for a better venue. Surrounded be acres of desert foliage  but the entire grounds were then covered in lights and the paths were lined with luminaries.  There were a variety of genres of live music playing all around the gardens and plenty of warm and cold beverages to enjoy while walking along and enjoying the beautiful lights display.  We had our 11 year old with us and while this event was great for young and old I think this is worth seeing but I would be hard pressed to spend for an annual pass."  people were trying to purchase tix and could not get any!  The event was lovely and not too crowded but plenty of people.  We went around 6:30p and stayed for over two hours.  The employees also had some telescopes out and we could view the stars.  The light exhibits were pretty and easy to tour." I 5/5 highly recommend the Desert Botanical Garden!"  the evening was packed with festive fun. They make a MEAN hot chocolate as well. It tasted like Irish Cream! It is a great evening for all ages and a must see in the Valley. I can't wait to go back next year! Thank you to the wonderful staff for being so helpful and navigating us through the gardens!"  I wasn't sure what to expect when coming to this event and I was pleasantly surprised. I highly recommend it to anyone for any music fan or someone looking for something to do during the holidays...." What a great way to spend a few hours. They do a great job and the mountains behind it are awesome. They do give a aaa discount too.  & on desert communities. The walkways are clearly marked. Signage is good. There is food available. Note that it is very hard to get tickets for the holiday lights special timings during Christmas time  dinner at Gertrude  on site.Continued to see fiber optic lights on the desert mountain side at night fall beautiful."  for example) to explain what people in the desert used to use for food. Beauty was everywhere I looked and there were nice maps and explanations of plants."  its nice place to take a walk before going out for dinner and drinks if you are in the area." If you're looking for a new place to take your hot date (or your hot grandma) We went in the last week of December when they had the Las Noches de las Luminarias and Bruce Munro Sonoran Light event. It was an excellent experience. We hope to be back next year! 9. Have a good time !"  think about using that day's fee towards purchasing a membership on the way out.  You'll also get a free entrance to a few hundred other gardens through their reciprocal admissions program."  6 and 8 love exploring around.  I have enjoyed coming at different times during the year and seeing how the plants change.  The volunteers are so helpful!  We have really learned a lot!" The exhibit was kind of cool to see but was redundant after about 30 minutes. Fiber optics lit up the mountain side which was just breath taking  tranquil place to go for a stroll amongst our desert habitat. Special exhibits and events such as Chihuly and Las Noches de Las Luminarias are always done very tastefully to further compliment the garden. Getting an annual membership is well worth the investment as paying admission for each visit can get costly depending on how often one visits the garden. Staff is also knowledgable and friendly."  and relaxation areas while you walk around. You can learn a lot from all of the plaques or just wander around and enjoy nature. My family was there for about 3 hours. Kind of expensive admission fee but active duty military get in for free!"  the gardens regularly offers up art installations in a bid to get folks back.  It works - beautifully.  We saw the Chihuly exhibit years ago and we were back this time for the Bruce Munro exhibition.  Absolutely stunning - it runs through May - don't miss it." Dog's Day in the Gardens was such a great day for my pooch and me. Volunteers were plentiful to help with directions and answer questions. Filled water bowls were scattered throughout the gardens.  I loved the yoga class with my dog. The yogi showed us how to massage and bond with our pets in a unique way. The weather was perfect for strolling the trails. Live music was provided on the restaurant patios. I did not encounter one misbehavior from either a dog or person. It was a lovely morning. What a beautiful place!! A little pricey .. But I understand why. There was several places to go off the main trail so many things to do .. There is so much beauty to the desert. Echo chambers are really fun also.. The whole experience was just awesome. Got a great deal on a membership and I really enjoy walking around the garden. We attended Dog Day in the Garden and it was a blast. Will definitely visit again. It's a must do for family wanting to get that Arizona experience."  was amazing. Had lunch at Gertrude's - it was great service and the food was outstanding. We went back tonight to see the light show "I am sure there are virtually no negative reviews of the garden. It is a great place to spend a few hours. It will both delight the visual senses and add a few things to your knowledge base. The staff can answer almost any question you may have and will also add some very interesting facts about the many Excellent day trip for locals and visitors to our state.  perfect to give to friends and family. I saw tiny magnetic potted succulents (heart shaped!!) and tiny tiny cacti" Call ahead to ask how much of their areas are closed" "Hidden gem of the valley in my book. Great date spot. As much as I hate the desert Came here over the weekend and could not believe the beauty of this place. It was the nighttime exhibit highlighting the work of Bruno Munro. Tickets to this event in particular were $25 but well worth every penny. The beauty of the lights and the landscape were astonishing. The weather was perfect for a mid February night.  The smells of the different trees and plants was an extra nice bonus. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys nature & desert landscapes. I will definitely be visiting this place again.  the lady explaining this event to me should have mentioned advance reservations are absolute!)  O.K. so we'll go somewhere else!  No!!!  The Patio Cafe closes at 4 pm.  Why couldn't this alternative stay open for the dates of this event??  There were so many hungry frustrated people wanting to eat!  The little Light Lounge was CRAMMED with people Very pricey! Save your cash & look @ all the pics people have posted!! Very uneven walking... Dark pathways... Overcharging seems OK to all in charge!! I took my sister here while she was visiting. She absolutely loved it! There was plenty of seating along the way just in case you needed a rest. I couldn't believe all the wildlife we saw up close! We were sitting on the patio and a pair of Roadrunners showed up with a covey of Quail and even a small Ground Squirrel. If you're a Birder like me you need to take your binoculars because you'll see many species! It was a great day trip and I'd recommend it to any one. Beautifully arranged. Great gift shop. It was a last minute unplanned visit and didn't have a hat with me. Great selection and I purchased one that covered my neck and upper back. Everyone was very nice. Place was incredible.  Both the variety of plants but also the care they obviously show for these plants under their care!  It really should be on anybody's list when they visit Phoenix. "Went in the evening for the Sonoran Light exhibit. It was other worldly to walk through the garden at night. The desert has a completely different feel when seen by lights in the dark Came for the Bruce Munro exhibit and it was amazing! I cannot wait to visit during the day and see the entire garden. The staff was very friendly and everything was clean! "Wow! I could not believe my eyes. This is a very large exhibit. The walking trails are wide and accepting to motorized wheel chairs. There are a good many seating sights scattered throughout the exhibit to offer rest and senses upload. We were treated today by the delightful music of a live orchestra on sight. The comfortable temperature  take a trip to the Desert Botanical Garden.  It's an easy train to bus ride if you are downtown.  Bring water All in all besides ""life"" getting in the way lol. I enjoyed the lights they are extremely creative and so worth it!"  this is a perfect way to get a peek at all the variety we have here.  On my first visit I was surprised by all the historical info in the exhibits.  I learned a lot and this is now a must when family comes to town!  Catch the butterfly exhibit with the kids and you are an instant hero.  :)"  so that you can appreciate these works of art. Be sure to check the hours the garden is open  It was worse then being at Disney!! Save the $25 and go for a hike around the valley "This is a very lovely park with a lot to see!  We spent way longer here than we thought we would. Many loops and trails to walk. Wonderful shady places to sit and relax. We went on a Saturday and artists were scattered throughout the park. Employees were helpful and friendly. I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the gardens It was $25 well spent! Especially since it was like seeing two different gardens." thought I'd see more glass art like was displayed at the entry - kind of a tourist trap with over priced Christmas cactus in the gift shop.  They also had areas blocked for private parties  we've also been to the Monarch Migration & previous events held in the Butterfly Pavilion.  We normally visit every spring and usually a few other times during the year.  The wildlife you come across while walking the trails is always amazing to see.  Nice outdoor cafe in the back We visited the garden during a special light installation from Bruce Munro: Sonoran Light.  We arrived at sunset and it was packed!  I wasn't surprised since the marketing for this event was on par all over the tv.  No worries The DBG is always a favorite when we visit Scottsdale. This year the blooms were especially magnificent. It's a unique garden with good variety and unusual plants. The staff are wonderful (with the exception of the super crabby lady in charge of the ticket booth - but maybe she caught the 'prickly' from the plants!) The Bruce Munro was interesting. I had seen his installation in Atlanta. I think it shows off better with more varied terrain - but still lovely.  so luckily we didn't have to pay. I don't think it's worth the $22 admission fee unless you really want to see a bunch of cacti or maybe come at night for the lights. I didn't stick around to see the night show because I was dying of the heat. Plus to top it off I got all these prickly little red things stuck in my hand that hurt like hell. I'm not sure how that happened because I didn't touch anything and I'm not stupid enough to to run my hand  along a cactus. I had to go to first aid to have them take it off and it still hurts. It happened to someone else in my group so it wasn't just me. That probably isn't something to worry about though...those type of things just seem to happen to me. FML" Loved the Bruce Monroe light show!! Would highly recommend. You won't regret going to this beautiful lighting show Great place to see desert plants and some wildlife. It was really hot though so we had to cut out before we melted to the pavement. Definitely need to visit as soon as they open to avoid the heat. Bring a camera - there were so many great views to capture. "Pretty neat botanical garden.   Very well laid out with a good map and even better volunteers helping to answer direction questions.   Lots of little lizards  I recommend you not go and save yourself at least $25.00 as that was the admission per person."  architecture and overall experience was lots of fun really amazing selection of plants."  but they also have beautiful artwork and lots of unique pieces for sale. I must have spent 20-30 minutes in there alone!" What an amazing place.  The gardens are well kept and beautiful.  Plenty of staff around if you have questions.  I'm a visitor to Arizona so I learned a lot.  It was well worth the trip and the admission.  Great morning. We had been hiking all over Arizona on our vacation but the botanical garden captured all the different regions. We were also there for blooms!  I really enjoyed the Native American loop... Good stuff in there. I can't wait to return to explore some more at one of Arizona's must see spots in the valley!"  a walk through the Garden can feel like wandering through Death Valley "Saw the Chihuly glass exhibit at DBG and loved it.  Thought we'd follow up with a family venture back to DBG for the Munro light exhibit for Mother's Day but was bitterly disappointed.  DBG is a great place to walk around If you are in the Phoenix area definitely stop by. Beautiful gardens and good restaurant. I'll be back.  there is a reasonable admission fee to get in.  The Garden is in a beautiful and natural setting with lots and lots of different variety of the Cacti species This really is a case of ""a picture is worth a thousand words"".  Look at the photo gallery and go!" I stopped by here while on vacation. Helpful and friendly staff. I would say a definite stop if new to the Phoenix area like me. "This place is beautiful! We attended one of their music in the garden concerts and had a wonderful time.  I would definitely like to return and walk some of their trails while taking in the beautiful surroundings.  I'd also l like to try the on-site restaurant  everything decides to wake up and celebrate! Lots of walking to do.. So if you have mobility issues you may want a cane or wheelchair. I suggest sun screen and hats...you are in an outdoor museum.and please bring your cameras My mother and I visited this place while vacationing in Phoenix and it was breath taking! The wildflower exhibit is my favorite and walking through the herbal garden was invigorating! Make sure to wear sunscreen and bring a big water bottle to beat the heat. Wear your walking shoes too! This is a stop you must make if you're making a trip to Phoenix! Remember to put on some sunscreen and bring a hat when you are in the garden. Everything was outdoor! It was super sunny/hot and dry when I was there  and willing to answer any questions you may have and offer education about the many things to see in this park.  The Botanical Garden offers a 10% discount on admission if you are a member of AAA (American Automobile Association).  I have read about the many other great seasonal festivals here such as the Chocolate Festival :) and the Luminaries during the holidays.  I look forward to visiting again in the future to partake in these." We had an amazing time here! Very educational and absolutely gorgeous. Wildlife is abundant and many of the animals I was surprised to see lived in the desert! The staff was helpful and very friendly. You should absolutely visit when you travel to Phoenix!  this a great place to visit without having to go out too far. Plus check Groupon for discounted ticket deals." I'm from North Carolina and out in Arizona for work.  I needed something to get me out of the hotel with some scenery.  The gardens had some of the most amazing scenic shots ever!  I took a million pictures and all the volunteers were so friendly.  Totally worth the admission fee!  Take some good walking shoes and some water! This is my favorite place to visit on a day off. I love how there are pockets of nature that are like sanctuaries. I also love all the wildlife running around. There is always an event too! The sculptures really add to the ambiance!  we only covered half of the garden and look forward to coming back in cooler weather. Great glass sculptures near the entrance. We noticed and were thrilled by the cactus sundial. We appreciated all the water fountains at various stations. We came during the evening and saw wildlife: desert cottontails Long story short: keep abreast of shows at Celebrity Theater. Good acts come around  we Celebrity you shouldn't sit in the first 5 rows.  You are RIGHT THERE and they can see you far too clearly." This place will definitely give you a night to remember." "Nice intimate venue for watching a show. Last saw Stephen Lynch perform here and was great. There is pretty easy access to beer My only beef with Celebrity is that they don't bring enough acts to Phoenix that would have me doing 15 cartwheels in excitement. But  and the band Manager emailed me back right away letting me know they would put me on the guest list for any concert I wanted to see them at." You will need atleast $5 for parking !" 3 accidents and a quick escape by the shear recklessness of my will did i manage to get out of the parking lot within 20 minutes. meh. i wasn't involved in those accidents thankfully...but i might of caused one of them hahaha. oh well. venue is pretty cool with the round stage that rotates..but the drink cost..stfu. i'm flaskin this place next time..or i'll tape a camelback to my inner thigh." Check out their website....find a show you want to see....buy tickets....go...and have a blast."  Dave Attell and Lisa Lampanelli here and all were great shows on account of the intimate arena-seating configuration. The circular design feels friendlier than the traditional ""square"" set up They recently dropped the fee for the parking went last nite to see the great george jones... first stop the will call window for my tickets i gave the guy my credit card  and drivers lic. he handed me 2 tickets and off we went i new i had ordered a isle seat and down near the stage when we were pointed to our seats they were up from the stage and in the middle........i told one of the ushers and he summond a manager/head usher i told him the situation and he took my name and said he would be right back he returned a few minutes later with the right tickets and apoligized..........great service.........when we did get the right seats we were behind the band........ my wife said oh great were behind the band then he informed us the stage rotates........cool...........great show......great venue... highly recomended   ALSO HAVE THER OWN PARKING LOT VERY CONVIENT PARKING....IN AND OUT "Celebrity is one of the better concert venues in the valley.  Sometimes the stage revolves and other times they do a 3/4 house show and it doesn't.  Either way I have never before and never since seen rows of seats so close to eat other. Only my sister in law could sit comfortably and she's 5'1"". Come on Celebrity Theatre Im sure its a great place to go see Celine Dion acoustic or something equally lame.  But why a place like that would book heavier stuff and then react like that is beyond me. I felt like i was in jail. Only in jail the bathtub gin is cheaper and you dont get yelled at as bad for smoking too close to a doorway." You're staring at the back of the equipment half the time!"  or Dodge. The ride back home consisted of singing Chris Isakk songs and screaming and yelling all the way down Washington back downtown. Minus the retard at the front door Ive been here many times and have seen many musicians and last I was here  but we got inside quickly. I love how small the venue is inside  the crowd was more entertaining. I can say that depending on who is performing I would not hesitate to go back to Celebrity Theater." The seating is extremely close from one another and the rows are crowded. The beer was expensive (but that's to be expected at a concert)  Peabo Bryson ""Tonight I celebrate my love"" feat Roberta Flack (but on of his back up performed Roberta's part) & Jeffrey Osborn ""On the Wings of Love"". Truly it was one of the memorable concerts my wife and I have seen." I will not be back!!!" "This place was a pleasant surprise. It's the kind of theatre you want to go to if you want the warm intimate feeling with the performer. I attended the Kenny G concert here and his style of music was perfect to watch here .  Since its a small theatre  I still wouldn't hesitate to see an artist here."  assuming the engineer is half-decent."  and he was half naked less than half way through his set. That guy can put on a show that will keep you entertained through the entire thing. There was not one single boring section and he interacted very well with his audience. At one point in the show he even brought a girl on stage to assist him in undressing. He is a certified crowd pleaser. By the end of his act he had the whole crowd yelling his legendary chant ""Lace Up"". MGK made me proud to say I'm one of his ""EST soldiers"". I would definitely attend another one of his shows if given the opportunity.  If you are ever given a chance to see MGK in concert I would definitely say you should go. It was a great experience for me and I would do it all over again if I could."  and I would have to say this is my favorite. I'm from California so everytime I go to a concert it has been crazy expensive to sit up close and there are assigned seats (which I can't stand). Sure "I give this place two stars just because you have a great view of the entertainer your going to see here.  This Venue is nice because it's small and they do get some really good acts that pass through town here.  Other then that  and what was with the stage it is in bad need a of a face lift as well. I will go again because their are other concerts I want to see I gave them 3 our 5 stars.  (1 star for the theater itself & 2 stars for the incredible acts (Bob Weir Show.  (12/11/12)"  they misrepresented the stage layout. I bought two orchestra pit ""front row"" tickets. When we arrived we learned the stage rotates so we got to stare at the back of his head most of the show. Next came the awful annoying ""dancers""...people from the audience that had bad seats that decided to march themselves down to the front to stand right in front of the first row seats and completely obstruct our view. Security? Try fat overgrown meatheads...let me elaborate...when my wife politely asked the people ""dancing"" (more like drunk stumblers) to move so she could see the show always a nice smaller venue to watch a concert  but the venue is good.  I'd buy the tickets at the box office and save the money on the service charges.  It's a great small venue though."  not the best concert venue though.  The noise level gets really bad with the reverb."  but that didn't really take much away from the experience. The stage didn't revolve as was mentioned but Louis walked around so he was facing me much of the time it seemed...maybe cause the HBO cameras were near where I was sitting. After the show I walked to my car and was out of the lot immediately." This is a great place for a show.  The fact that it's a circular set-up means there are no bad seats.  Plus the drinks are great and the staff is very helpful.  I wish they sold more food here.  Also the line to get in was pretty lengthy.  Overall a good time. "I bought four tickets for the Louis C.K. show back in October in the orchestra pit . The date was rescheduled because he decided to film his HBO special there. That was all fine and dandy until I got the call from the theatre that he would be taking over my seat in the orchestra pit and that I would be relocated to an actual seat. Fine. Whatever. Third row is not so bad. Well when I got there I have always enjoyed myself here - but never as much as watching Louis CK record his HBO special last week. The only downside was the bars shutdown after he started (I'm assuming this was an attempt to keep people in their seats). The circular stage is unique and works well for comedy.  they can't get much better."  but the venue itself can't handle the number of people they can cram in there. There is always like a half hour of waiting in traffic just to get in to the parking lot  a cool place to see a show."  which makes it very easy to see the stage from any place in the theatre.  Loads of parking and really organized staff that makes getting in and out of the theatre easy to do.  Awesome place to see a show SvrmDNTTeOrM4XgnguERRA literally my favorite place to see a concert.  seating is a little tight but its worth it.  the setup is intimate making every seat a winner. BcBxTyj09Wu-w0KA1QvKTA  the show was great. I truly enjoyed my night out with them! Definitely will be checking the event calendar to see what acts/shows will be coming because I don't mind going back!" "We went with a group of people to watch some fights. The venue is super cool with so much history it's crazy. I sadly do have complaints about it though. They are as follows: thanks for charging 5 dollars to park even though we bought tickets to your venue. Thanks for charging 15 dollars in additional fees so the ticket wasn't 35 it was 50 The Jackie Evancho promotors should be strung up for putting her in this filthy dump of a theatre.  Got an email ahead of performance today reminding us to allow time to be searched.  Really.  The Pearl & ascot crowd being searched!  For Jackie Evancho!  Saw BB King here.    Everyone was smoking e cigs.  Place was filled with smoke.  Wonderful.  Obviously terribly managed ! This place is an amazing venue! It's a theatre in the round with a stage that slowly turns! No matter where you sit you have a great seat! It's not CRAZY loud but sounds awesome!!!! Good bar. The only thing that sucked was only one girls bathroom! Lol! Can't wait to see what else is coming here! Just saw 3 Doors Down! Loved it! "Wow! Three doors down tonight was amazing! However having another person assaulting me three separate times was not.  A group of drunk rednecks sitting behind us made several people in the section that I was sitting in get up and leave completely. After being punched in the back of the head on three separate occasions I finally left as well. I informed security This was my first time at this venue and I was very glad to have been treated so well by the staff there  but perhaps for a boxing event or performer."  one of the better medium sized venues out here in Arizona to see your favorite artist up close before they book stadiums like US Airways and you have to see them on stage from a 100 yards away." Oh yeah. The venue is cool too."  I'd avoid this place.  If you must go "DO NOT ALLOW CELEBRITY TO SEAT YOU IN ROW B14.  I attended an event at Celebrity.  Bought tickets through Stub Hub.  I chose my own seat  in row B14 which looked like a good choice on the internet seating chart.  At the event I realized that  these seats are behind the Handicapped Section which is on almost the same level.  All you  could see were the backs of the handicapped people sitting in front of row B14.  Some people in Celebrity Theatre shirts said I had to stay in my assigned seat and couldn't move to vacant seats behind me (which remained vacant the entire show).  I asked the 2 handicapped guys in front of me  to scoot apart so I could see a small sliver of the stage and they did. When I complained to Stub Hub and the Celebrity Theatre a day or so later  small uncomfortable seats ... This place is obsolete.  Awful."  but only gave 4 of 5 stars because of your over price waters/soda's" I agree with other comments about drinks being excessively high priced.  It is a smaller venue that you may call charming in its 1970's style or outdated depending on how you look at it." PS: my seat was even held together with some tape and once we moved to a different seat in an empty row others took our lead and looked for something less confining."   it's claustrophobic.   My back was sore after 15 minutes.  I've sat in more comfortable seats on 25 year old Southwest Airlines jets.  Bleachers at Sun Devil Stadium were more comfortable.  I don't know if section A are any better." Came here for a boxing event and had a blast. I've been to many events here over the years and always had a great time! Horrible. The seats are dangerously small and lack room in front of them. I am 6'2 and I have bruises on both knees from having to wedge my knees into the back of the seats in front of me for Aziz Ansari. The entire two hours was miserable. Please please renovate the seating. Oofta. Will not return unless they host a must-see act." went last year.  Will never go again.  The only reason for the one star was the girlfriends I went with. I did like that every seat appears to be a good seat." Went there this past weekend for the Urban AZ Comedy Slam... This place is totally a rotten apple. It looks good on the outside but is totally ran down and ancient looking on the inside. This place needs a major update. The seats look so nasty you don't want to sit in them. Yuck! The show was funny as hell though. I wouldn't go to another event there.  you will be able to see any comedian or band that is on the stage. Be advised that some bathrooms are larger than others so the one closes to the entrance for woman is the one to go to during intermission as the wait will not be as long. (the other side of the venue I love how the stage rotates!  It makes it that every seat in the house is a good seat.  There were these really drunk rude girls in the next row trying to talk louder than Wynona was singing!  That always frustrates me!!!  Someone went and complained and they chilled out a bit and we continued to enjoy the concert. "This place is always a favorite because you can see some of your favorite artists for a reasonable price.  There is not a bad seat in this place because the seats surround the stage.  The bar service was great "This venerable theatre hosts some marvelous old-timers and up-and-comers for the Phoenix area. It's located in an industrial area near Sky Harbor Airport (no eateries nearby!) They sell water "What a dump. The sound was awful and my left leg fell asleep from being crammed into the back of the seat in front of me. Plus a $12.50 ""service"" charge on a $50 ticket  but left early because of how bad the sound was.  Like I said if you really like who/what you are about to see then by all means go to this venue and you will have a great time Plus they charge high prices for drinks Really enjoyed the Heart Concert last night! I give them 5 stars!!  The venue was a disappointment.  Had seats in the back row which generally would be fine but there was zero leg room.  I did figure out how to get up and down but it was tricky. The lack of restrooms was a big deal breaker for me. So no beer or drinks for me.  I guess some people don't mind that.  My daughter said there were only 3 stalls in the women's restroom.  I was excepting the sound system to be top notch but a bit distorted at times but ok with the slower softer songs were played. I know some love the revolving stage which I kind of liked also but when Nancy Wilson went into her solo at the beginning of Crazy on You all I saw was her back. Disappointed but I knew that could happen. Jealous of those who could see her going for it.  For paying $144 for 2 tickets and $10 for parking I expected an up to date venue. Over all glad I went because it was HEART. Don't think I would go to this venue again however.  is that the sound is inconsistent. I have been there on several occasions in which they had trouble with the sound and had to adjust it. It makes me wonder whether this is the responsibility of the venue or of the artist not having gone through a sound check. Either way Every seat is a great seat. So close to the revolving stage no matter where you are at. However didn't like the $10 parking fee. Sears are kind of confusing to find as they are not clearly marked.   I guess from reading other reviews they are not as tight as they have been in the past so that is good news too.  We saw Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons last night and enjoyed the show.  As I looked at my ticket stub today for four tickets we had a $5.00 order fee  although no lines at the show I went to (Franki Valli).  The seating rows were not marked at all.  Had to ask an usher.  On the plus side  but not so much that it's entirely miserable.  They also don't allow any writing implements in the venue.  This was a minor annoyance because it was cold out and we had to walk back to the car to empty our purses of pens Wonderful theater in the round setting. Definitely a good venue!! Went to see Keith Sweat in concert on 2/14/2016. The security could be tighter and have some control of various women who were trying & who got up on stage. A lot of angry people in the crowd over stupid stuff like that. Need to beef up the security other than walking the performances on and off stage. Definitely a great show but need more safety measures in place. I loved seeing Keith Sweat but not sure if I would return to their venue due to lack of security. "Were to start? We came to see Keith Sweat and Silk on Valentine's Day. Parking was $10 coming in. Not enough handicapped parking. People were taking up 2 parking spaces. Really. I was surprised when we walked into the celebrity. Wow we were already in the place. Lines for liquor were right there. All those people. The seats were on each other. We couldn't really stand to dance. As soon as I sat I started looking for the exits. Then the music system was horrible and static. Smh. Like it was reflecting off the tin roof. Not to mention the hoochie onstage that decided to get on all 4s with her behind all in our faces freaking the floor. I had to go to the bathroom. I'm still in shock. That bathroom is small  you could go to a local bar and listen to the recorded music for a lot less money...and the beer would probably be cheaper Staff is friendly and we always have a great time here."  don't go downstairs to the box office area 'cause you'll end up going through the bar area and then up the narrow staircase."  can't wait to see another good concert at the Celebrity Theater.  We had such a blast!"  I could've gotten a better seat. Since there's no refunds or anything So my wife and I went here to see one of our favorite bands last week.  The venue itself is a bit dated but I kinda dig the layout.  The bar downstairs is decorated with memorabilia from past guests and acts who've stopped through over the years which I thought was pretty cool.  The bar is limited in what they serve but they still have a nice variety and they don't get crazy with the pricing.  The actual theater is nice and it's hard to find a bad seat.  You may want to stay away from some of the seating that is closest to the front as the stage is a 360 rotating platform and their will be times where your view will be completely blocked unlike other seats.  The venue is very small and does not support a band with massive amounts of equipment.  Space is at a premium on stage.  The acoustics are not the greatest either  but overall I found this to be a fun and laid back place to see a show.  I'm not impressed with the audio in this ""in the round"" auditorium. This 50 year old concrete structure would be better off torn down so that it can be rebuilt with decent audio (and water fountains that meet current code)." BcBxTyj09Wu-w0KA1QvKTA It was a disappointment - guess it's a great lesson "Best Blues and ""American Roots"" venue in Phoenix ... small and extreamly low stage ... place can pack up depending upon the act ..."  go to the Rhythm Room and shake what your momma gave you." They went on a run here in Sep/Oct where they were bringing solid acts what seemed like every week but I haven't heard much from them lately that caught my attention. Not touring season But overall I still had a great time at the show and was very appreciative of the 1.50 PBR special. Plenty of bar stools around the place (where you can still have a great view of the stage) to sit during open acts and breaks is also a huge plus. 3.5 stars."  there's a guy out back in a trailer selling pork sandwiches.  Not the greatest Apart from the lack of oxygen and the dungeon-like darkness with no windows and the boxy prison-like 4 walls and the cheap uncomfortable seating - this place is pretty charming. I kinda like seeing shows here... I don't love it I always have a great time here!  And now that you can't smoke it's even better!"  it's not the noise and the volume that bothers me. It's the inability to hear the vocals when the band is jammin' out. So Without the music this is just another dive bar - with the music I will check out who is playing the next time I am in town."  out of hundreds I've ever seen in many cities across the U.S.  then the bar has to follow certain rules. If you have not been to the Rhythm Room I highly suggest it. I found the staff to be very nice. There is also plenty of parking in their parking lot. Other artists that are going to be playing there in the up coming months are "I went to the Rhythm Room this past week to see a band that I have been waiting 14 years to see.  I was so relieved and impressed when I saw the sound guy taking his time to get the levels just right and listening from every corner of the room to be sure everyone was hearing the band at its best.  The servers and bartenders were nice and attentive even though there was a pretty large crowd.  The only thing that bugged me was the totally drunk guy wandering around yelling complete nonsense while the band played.  The bartenders clearly serve until you are a blubbering idiot.  I guess to some people this would get them another star  and the music is wonderful!"  and I'll definitely go back to check out their other musical offerings."  and the first band began playing at 9p.  I enjoyed the many bands that performed that night.  The acoustics of the room was very good considering the venue's history.  I did notice that the crowd here was an amalgam of various age groups This place is a must."  the drinks are strong and the staff is friendly. The only improvement this place needs is a Marquee sign to remind us of all the great shows happening on a nightly basis." "The Rhythm Room was the first blues bar I visited when I moved here to Arizona. I randomly showed up for their fall music festival.  I saw so many great local acts that I had no idea existed! And It was my first introduction to Big Pete Pearson.  That guy puts on a GREAT show and always interacts with the crowd and will talk to any random bar patron who wants to praise his performance or just talk music. The RR is also really good about showcasing newer bands from all over the country of all genres. The drinks are cheap though this venue caters to other genres of music Went there this past Saturday for Big Petes new CD release.  Always fun.  Waiting 15 minutes for a drink however is too long.  Older female bartender strategically ignores you unless she is bored.   Door guys were cool. Really not my kind of place. entered in from the rear of the bar and fell in love. The music last night was amazing!!! If you like good bluse music and kind of friendly people. "I really think this is my favorite place to see a show.  I haven't actually gone to see the regular house bands but I have been there to see some indie music groups and each time I was completely content with the sound.  Whether you choose to stay in the back by the bar or move in closer to the stage The musician's interaction with the crowd before and after shows is really cool.  This makes everyone involved feel like they're in the scene." The only thing I would like is that you could take your drinks out to the patio. With the admission of the 18+ crowd they have to confine the booze to one side and it's not the smoking side. I guess only once vice at a time." i had a blast at this sweet little spot." I'm rooting for you Rsquared." awesome! On more than one occasion I found myself coming to this place some acts are quite strange but that's what I go for.  Also cool bartenders and cool vibe throughout matt white once was playing his show shoe-less just real laid back kind of place although the crowd did get a little crazy during some mean theremin playing by a band whose name fails me at the moment...also if you like pabst blue ribbon look no further. "I love this place. Great music! If you live in town or are just passing through "I went here years ago when I was young and enjoyed dancing. I always felt sort of exposed the way the seating was. There is that long row of bar stools that makes you feel on display. Now I prefer listening to music rather than dancing to it (except at home where I often break into dance for no reason whatsoever.) So now I say I love you Rhythm Room. You make me feel like Goldilocks except without the long walk in the woods and home burglary part. You are not to hot  im a fan! Now if only we could get more bands to stop out here." "I tagged along last minute on Tuesday night with some friends to see They Promised Us Jetpacks. It reminded me a lot of Hollywood Alley but I like the Rhythm Room better somehow. Loud but not too loud Rhythm Room is awesome.  Saw some crappy Battle of the Bands here and didn't care for the music  but at least you can go outside to the patio to take a breather (even in the summer it still feels better).  21+ shows are great there "I've grown to love the Rhythm Room even though it's a little dive that's always too hot. Seems like there are always acts I'm interested in and not only is it usually pretty cheap to get in The Rhythm Room is a classic venue filled with true charm and culture. It's off the beaten bath which adds to its charm and I guarantee that you'll have a good time any day of the week."  because the music is always lusty and makes you wanna grind on someone in a slow good not slutty way! and if you are single there are always a boatload of pretty people to look at... this reminds me of going back in time whenever i can go see a good show here..." "some of my favorite memories are dancing the night away at the rhythm room! great bands  since I haven't found many that I like" "Rhythm Room is all about the music. Great place to see national acts in an intimate setting on the cheap. Good sound system and perfect views from every place in the room. I think the furthest you can ever be from the stage while in the main room might be 30 feet. I'm not a beer drinker but don't always want to dive into a bottle of Grey Goose  its time to reinvest your money to renovate/improve. They pull in great acts but almost always the venue pushes me away from seeing them. Not worth it."  cheap beer and great people watching!"  i'd say this is one of the many great venues in phx that can provide both in heavy doses."  great visiting bands. 'nuff said." Other than that I look forward to going again to see my favorite bands play and even be able to talk to them when I can work up enough nerve to do so. : )"  and I always have a good time. The place is a sort of a dive but the bar staff is fast and the bands sound good. Their prices for shows and drinks are reasonable and if the music is not fabulous the people watching always is."  the drinks are cheap and the big patio is perfect for breaks and fresh air between sets. Take a chance on an artist you've never seen (tickets are typically cheap) and try out this Phoenix gem - totally a part of history. It's pretty fun to think about all the blues artists who've played throughout the years."  held myself and cried. Definitely plan on grabbing a drink here in the very near future." "This place is ALWAYS a great time.  They have great bands roll through and the cover charge isn't bad either.  I come here whenever I feel like dancing the night away Clearly a dive bar with a minor kitsch look and feel. Not bad. We probably would have stayed longer had we felt like getting wasted and dancing with the oddball locals hanging there." Bright side: The audience is always diverse and rich with character!"  if you are into a diverse range of music and willing to see some indie awesomeness most definitely check this place out."  outside smoking area. Cheap drinks good small venue to see good bands.  place gets crowded so get there early for a good seat.  knock those damn barriers down! Open your club!"  pretty much...a room with a bar - and a stage.  It's a pretty small place so the performers are right up in your face...intimate performances.  The staff at the doors and the people behind the bar were all friendly and the crowd was pleasant...helped me to enjoy the time that much more.  I certainly would love to see any other of my favorite artists gig it up there in the future.  Thanks for hosting the good times Rhythm Room!"  it is dark and it is loud. No kids "THE best place in Phoenix to see a live band. I have been here a few times for the Red Elvises Feel free to bathe before going.....its close quarters The drinks are cheap.. the bartenders are fast and helpful and the people always change. Depending on the show you came to see there can be lots of hot people.. or lots of fat gross ones. Eek! Either way.l. $1.50 for a PBR on a show night I can not complain. They also have a smokers patio so that is helpful! It's also within lightrail distance which is awesome for us since we live in Tempe."  from the bottom of my burning indie heart."  but it's a great place to see a band.  The bar is in the back and there are seats all around to chill out while listening to the bands.  it's very loud so definitely not the place to go  for a quiet night out by any stretch of the imagination.  I give it the the most points for atmosphere since it revels in it's dive-y-ness.  The sound isn't the best at the couple shows I have been too they always have sound issues of some kind or another.  I think that adds to the charm of the place.  It's a great place to see a $10 band at any rate.  I do not hesitate to go if a band I like is playing there.   The bartenders are very nice and I haven't had any issues with the bouncers although I had tickets all the times I went."  drinking and just listening to music.  It's a must-see for any rhythm and blues fan.  Of course  they are still dedicated to blues and jazz on the weekends.  It would contend for my favorite place ever if that rib shack in the parking lot ever seemed open on the occasions I've gone to shows." Loved the very eclectic mix of people milling around.  It was so not Scottsdale  cheap drinks and a no frills attitude." A decent venue in Phoenix for live music. They often have good acts playing there. JZJqJadk9pSoCGT7VTwBvg  our waitress didn't like the tip my husband gave her and threw it back down on the table.  I guess a $1.00 tip for a round of drinks is unacceptable...we have not gone back and I'm not sure we ever will."  but I don't go there very often. Dancing is important for me and I hate high door charges -- especially when I don't know anything about the band that is playing." Great venue for music..friendly staff...great food truck food..booze is only point reduction  not a bad seat in the house. We sat 90 degreas to the stage and it sounded great. This has become my go to Phoenix Blues!" The service is outstanding (both the cocktail servers and bartenders)and I have a ton of fun every time I go. A very cool little club and it is totally nice that it is right here in Phoenix. The names/level of talent this place draws is pretty amazing. We saw Muddy Waters' son play a set last night. Any music lover should check this place out!" "This was my second time to the Rhythm Room and it was fantastic! We saw ""Mother Mother"" this time and ""Patrick Watson"" the time before. Both performances were stellar and Rhythm Room is such a great venue. It creates an intimate experience between you and the performers. You really get to hear the music and connect. It's also nice that there's a bar uWeMgQMWd_dxqSxPpnd-qw I look forward to a return visit..I love seeing live jazz and blues musicians play and this seems like the perfect place to see it!" "This is a regular hang out - I have to see a show here at least once a month. On 7/3 I made the trip down to see Phoenix Legend Hans Olson perform with a full band for his annual birthday bash. Great show. In all of the years i have been coming here I can't think of a bad show. Oh sure there were bad times  RR gets five stars because I have so many fond memories at this venue and I am a fan of the atmosphere." I was at this venue to attend a blues concert. It has very little seating and the beer was warm. I thought the sound system really sucked! I was rather disappointed as I really LOVED the guy I went to see and I couldn't make out any of the music. Great fun. Enjoy the live blues bands that come through. There is even dancing which is fun. Small intimate feel.  your bathrooms were clean (but seriously get the urinal fixed) and the ambiance was electric.  Can't wait to go back!!"  I like this place. I'd come back. It's got character." Local draft beers only .. Devil's Ale is a winner!  $5.00 who can complain :)" Amazing venue. It has a very cozy feel to it and you feel right at home. Drinks are pretty cheap and the acoustics for live music is amazing!  for all the words you can actually make out.  And  the sound guy appears completely deaf to the feedback he keeps allowing.  They don't skimp on the pours in the mixed drinks  but if you don't get there early you may be standing for 4+ hours. Not complaining What a great place to dance and have a good time.  I went to see the band Soul Power and they were terrific! I'll be going back for more fun there.  it is how I remember the good old days of watching live music in a bar and enjoying that feeling. When I leave I am not poor  the owner Bob and GM Jen went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed.  Thanks to the whole staff everything went smoothly and everyone had a great time!  Thank you all so much :)" Can always count on the Rhythm Room to get quality music and do some dancing. It's nice to see a place where all ages and groups of humans are just having fun and digging on some great music. I love this place!  or they have small tables and chairs along the sides.  Easy to see the stage.  Excellent bar in back.  Service was EXCELLENT... personnel very friendly and attentive.  They also have an outside patio for smokers.  Get there early to line up if you want a seat near the front "Saw the Soul Power Band last night. They are very good. The atmosphere was classy and cool and packed. The attendants were nice and attentive. This was my first time there "One of the hidden treasures of Phoenix.  There's always good music Great place to see a show with a diverse crowd. Metalachi was the band that played and they did not disappoint. The acoustics at the Rhythm room were top notch. Views were good as I sat at the corner of the bar and could see the band just fine. Staff was friendly and fast.  I'd go back to see a show anytime. "This place is fucking amazing!  Bob you are awesome I have always had a good time at the Rythmn Room.  Great music and a good mix of people all looking to have fun!  I highly recommend this bar. I have been wanting to check out The Rhythm Room since I moved to Phoenix over 12 years ago.  We finally made it happen on Saturday and really enjoyed our experience!  We got there  10 minutes before the doors opened at 5:30pm and there was already a queue of 30+ people.  We heard the Repeat Offenders and really enjoyed it - the band had over 10 people and all were super talented.  Drinks were reasonably priced and I loved the BBQ food truck that was outside.  We will definitely be back!  and the staff here care about their customers! Bob Corritore has owned this blues music venue since 1991 and knows what people in the Valley like and want from a Blues bar. There's a nice patio to sit and chill with friends. A barbecue food truck in the parking lot keeps people from going hungry;) Thanks Bob Corritore for bringing and keeping The Rhythm Room here in Phoenix"  hit this place up.  There are few places in America where you will see this environment.  Everyone is welcoming and nice "We always have a great time at Fiddler's Dream. Not your traditional coffee house ...Love ! Love! Love!" "in a non descript school house at a Quaker Church compound that's it's so easy to miss it unless you know of the place. Parking's tight with both private lot and a neighborhood street available. Walking in I love it when the old guys play they are amazing guitarists"  a vietnam era veteran. He carves his own flutes "Very disappointing all the way around. This place lost its soul sometime between my last visit 15 years ago and sept 2015. They had zero people in the audience  minus one star for getting stared down by a few scary biker dudes." f_leeIRar8uNCkk5sAmHRQ  WHAT.  I was flabbergasted.  Never in my life have I paid so much for Corona.  This is a major dive bar FAIL right here.  Later  and The Earps. Judging by some of the other reviews analbreath seems to be a permanent fixture here! What I like most about The Blooze besides the prices is that its not pretentious. The drinks have a bite to them which is nice especially at these prices. The beer line up is the usual domestics which I don't drink and the import variety could do with a boost. The service is quick and swift. The regular patrons come down here to ease the pain and that's obvious and that also lends the place its charm. This is a local bar that caters to rock bands and locals. The staff is friendly and the price is right. No more no less."  I give ""The Blooze"" four out of 5 stars and look forward to the next Surf Rock band night." "I couldnt resist taking my top off after ""The heat wave"" bbq wings they served set my happy on fire. IT went so well downed with the wells with their cheap 25 cent tequila.I was hanging with Marco  mixed with some bikers but don't let it scare you away. The bartenders are awesome and know how to pour a stiff drink  I had to leave once it was starting to get really packed and lively around 10:30/11. I am so glad that I finally checked the place out though. I will definitely frequent The Blooze as often as I can." P.p.s. Girls... You have to look in the bathroom... There's pictures of hunky guys on the inside of the stalls... There's even pictures of Tumbleweed (the owner)!"  this is a great little bar to see a local band and have a cheap drink. Just beware of the scary bikers that seem to perpetually hang out in front of places like this!" "HELL YEAH......The Blooze freekin rules for live music and cheap drinks.  Owner is on top of the music scene Great place to get fairly priced drinks and hear some good music!  Will be back again and again - and thanks for having a hot dog cart outside on weekends!!!  he hung out at The Blooze.  I would go over in between loads.  There was only one person working in the front of house.  She was really nice.  She didn't lose her cool at all when more people started coming in.  She handled it well.  Especially when a regular at the bar was giving her a hard time.  She just went with the flow and eventually he left.  They have 2 pool tables  the friendliness and service are always right on- great atmosphere." Great local spot for live music that has you dancing in your seat... or go ahead and shoot some pool! Cheap drink prices."  with some out of town guests.  What a great time we had!  Drinks were very good priced and a live band If you like the biker atmosphere this is a place for you." Love this place. The staff are always friendly. Love the live music. The people are always kicked back. It's a place I love to go and really relax ;) Totally fun place. Went with a meet up group. The crowd was easy going and obviously lots of local regulars. Went to watch a buddy play one night. I couldn't believe how clean the bathroom was. The place is set up pretty cool with a square bar in front of the stage with plenty of seating and a little dancing room in between. Cool little music venue. Support your local BLOOZE BAR." Saturday night. Looking forward to this show and we got here before 8pm. Show started near 930. So freaking crowded you can't see the band.  Its so loud you cant hear the band.  Fire Marshall bill would close the place. So over capacity you can't move. Let alone get to the bathroom. All about greed. Need to stop ticket sales while there is still room to move. Nothing overly impressed us and nothing scared us away.  Just a nice local place to hear some music.  Prices seemed very reasonable." If you're in the area don't skip out on going to The Blooze. There's sure to be something going on The AC is very good and parking is easy.  Not the nicest part of town I have been too  Tumbleweed is a very cool guy - all of the bands love him and all the help he gives the bands. The bar staff is fun and efficient." Great place to swing dance (on certain nights) Will not be going back!" "I deliver beer to the Blooze bar almost every week and I just wanted to give the bartender Randi a kudos for being so great. Ever since Randi started working the day shift the cooler has been well organized and clean; that makes it so much easier and faster to rotate and put away my product. Every time I come in Randi is always doing something productive Great night!!! We had good bar service with bartender rabbit!! We went to this dive bar on a Thursday night.  and the beer is cold.  I even got to open the curtain for my brother's band; it was a fun place." I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to hang at Blooze unless I was going for another show "I couldn't resist myself from writing this review after trying their BBQ wings! Not only that dish was incredibly tasty  I wouldn't waste my time if I were you. Bartenders are also not cool. Go to Dodey's across the street 8lMQrVQU-5iG9UA4KvcnsQ  blond hair chick.  Dry sense of humor.  Door guy is cool.  Manger guy is cool.  Pool tables.  Juke box.  Clean for a biker bar. Stage for the band which is nice.  I dig it." When we get Gigs there our band get's excited that is because the crowds are fun and it seems like we make new friends everything we play."  even though the top shelf here is probably the bottom shelf at most bars.  They apparently have music on the weekends and I can't wait to check it out...I will keep you updated; this may become my new favorite five star dive bar!"  but they service is friendly and the drinks are cheap. There was live music on both occasions I was in and it really was pretty good. I wouldn't say this spot or the patrons were too classy It's that kind of place. Enjoy."  kind of a hassle just to get a drink unless you always carry cash." "I think the people who work in this bar are some of the nicest you'll ever meet.  It's kinda divey but the drinks are very cheap and the band rocked (ReGroove).  There is a dance floor which is pretty generous "It's basically a hole in the wall that has live music.  The only problem with this joint is that you can't count on the bands or the guy at the joint that books them.  Without the band you're just stuck in a joint paying too much fit your food.  The regular customers are a good group of people and the staff has been there forever  keep a close eye on your wife or girlfriend. They'll be snatched if you're not careful. Lots of HOG members and other motorcycle clubs present. This crowd makes me somewhat nervous The bartender here had my ROFL all night. (FYI I was the DD so no alcohol induced hilarity) the live band was fun and talented guys who played crowd pleasers. Totally a cave creek road dive bar but the place is relaxed and not ber pretentious. I would go back.  and older but a fun atmosphere. Great band. Nice bartenders yet they let our empty bottles and shot glasses pile up at our table. I would definitely go there again and have recommended some friends to go there. Great date spot."  and friendly patrons; Which are 3 things I personally look for. ;) Big nascar bar  but the people seem really shady there My guy friends like the hot waitresses." I love Joe's!!!! He always has awesome bands playing. The Bartenders are generous with the alcohol. I love it. The only thing is I live so far away so I dont get to frequent them often.  which happens to be one of my favorite things to do.  There always seems to be one group there that can't quite let go of the eighties and I think that is fantastic!  The owner is very cool  it's certainly a good place to ""people watch."""  and the atmosphere is very laid back. It reminded me of all those underground concerts I went to when I lived over by sunset. Well it ends up the DJ at my work plays in a band with joe called drunk otis. So now I go see them play and watch them get wasted...I was with bad company the first time. Not bad "This place is a great place to see live music. I have been into the local music seen for quit some time now and there isnt one local band that hasnt played here. Great drink prices. And while they are settin up the stage between bands there are always $1 shot specials.  I usually go on a friday or sat night but they have open mic nights as well  the booze is reasonable (were $3 ""you call its"" a special for everyone for the hour before music started or just for our group? either way  no. Great live music? YES. Cheap drinks? YES. Fun atmosphere? YES. I love love love this place. When I want to go hang out after a long week and listen to some great bands  great drink specials and awesome music. Not too crowded but crowded enough. Joe is there most nights and great fun! Will be back next time in AZ!"  or somewhere else in BFE compared to where i live (north phoenix). I used to go to all the smaller venues in dallas where everyone knows your name and the music is good any day of the week.  I hadn't been to a show in six months so it was time for a fix. I finally heard someone mention Joe's Grotto and it was only 5 miles away - so i had to check it out.  And I was pleasantly surprised.  Its about the perfect size; patio was kinda crowded Best place in the area for live music and reasonably priced drinks."  Good music but really who wants to sit at a tiny table to watch a rock band. No drinks on the stage floor area allowed the fun police run around to keep you from standing too close to the isle or too close to the stage area with a drink. Not a huge fan of the area either." I HIGHLY recommend going to Joes.  It is a great place to make your usual hang out!" The event I went to see was absolutely out of this world fantastic but that is a whole other story.  Joe's Grotto as a venue or a bar was great and I will definitely be checking out their calendar of events! You should too!"  were really cool. I swear I wasn't THAT drunk. Promise! Lol. Just loved the feel and vibe of the place. Now if only I lived a little closer..."  probably my next favorite place after The Rhythmn Room. The servers are friendly-the girl who took care of me at the small bar near the door to the patio was a sweetheart.  They have a big screen TV outside so you can still watch the band play while have a smoke outside and/or an outdoor drink on the patio. Drink prices are reasonable. The stage area is set up nicely with tables and chairs nicely set up up to watch bands play. I will be coming here again soon for some more live tunes."  but you can bounce all night long.  The sound is excellent for the size of the venue and you can see the band from pretty much anywhere inside.  There's also a patio to get away from the noise if needed  for they are just meat heads who failed at life and must now relish in what little power they have. Or better yet "I've been to the Grotto a few times since they have good bands and a couple of them are friends of mine. But last was strange. The band was great (I'm probably biased on that since the singer is a friend of mine) but what was the deal with the $4 dollar bottles and drafts? Also p.s. Don't forget to try the Trix Shot. You're welcome." Visiting home after a long time away. Great to see this place in the neighborhood. Great bartender and owner. I'll be back next time I visit.  pretty girl's and a nice patio.  Get there early for big shows so you can be on the side of the bar where the stage is. The acoustics are much better. If you are there for the music..."  it was a great experience for a little bar and I'll definitely be back for future metal shows." Went there Friday for Project Independence Battle of the Bands. Cool set up. I loved the patio. Security was a bit overwhelming and short tempered. The best part was the drinks... far from watered down.  with a good selection and mosh pit allowance. They also have consideration for underagers (not me but still to include everything) and section off a space for them.  OH! and I almost forgot LOVE This place! Live music is the best music! Rock out here with local to National bands! LOVE!!!!!!! I would give five stars but they are too far for people in the east valley and booking sucks "This place is NOT GOOD!!! Even if you are 21 they WILL NOT serve you!!!! If you ever plan on going to this venue I am a regular at Joe's Grotto and it never disappoints. The employees are truly skilled at what they do.  Unlike some clubs or bars in town where you are a little apprehensive about using your credit card at Joe's you can rest easy when you do. The security is top notch and unlike other clubs or bars in town Joe's security can quickly asses a situation and prevent it from blowing up and killing your good time. They are open Monday-Saturday and on Sunday they have benefit shows for Cancer all the way to Arizona Human Society. JOE'S ROCKS!!! Set up is your typical live music venue Side note...Wolves at the Gate rocked! :)"  awesome talent.  Drinks are good and bar keeps cool.  Great place to just hang and listen to real live music Don't go to this bar if you wear any MC shirt..they will turn u away! This review is based on the sound equipment and stage. The drinks are ok. I did not order food and stayed only through the first band. $10 cover for an all ages show was no Bueno. The staff was friendly enough but the location is a bit scary. When the sign at the entrance says No Colors you know the neighborhood is sketchy.  what more could you ask for? Speakers seemed a little blown when I went to watch a live concert I'm not sure if I will visit again. I'll call ahead to ensure the bar tender isn't working that night." "Was there a while back for a show by the latest incarnation of 80's goth band Christian Death. The last opener was finishing their set as I walked in through the doors. Place was not that big but I was able to see the band up close and personal so that was cool. They separate the sections for alcohol drinking and under 21 in a way that you have to choose - be close to the stage or drink. I wouldn't have minded a drink or two but I couldn't be bothered to stay in the ""over 21"" section for the duration of a drink and then go back to watch the show from a spot closer to the stage. Sound was pretty good and lights were excellent to help create the mood. In a mall so plenty of parking. Will probably be back next time a touring band I want to see plays here." It's a dump....plain and simple. Photos on website are very deceiving. Reminds me of a 1970s American Legion Hall. Nice staff....but there's better places to see bands in Phoenix.  there's a good chance one of them grabs you from behind even if you had nothing to do with it. I could easily have lit up the fat idiot for his mistake but the police outside grants the nazi-stormtroopers inside a false sense of entitlement. If you don't want to be forced into a bad position where you have to decide whether to defend yourself or get arrested then boycott this venue all together" 