 Pianos N' Stuff glad returned each of them. I am now a satisfied owner of a Digitech processor which would not have been possible with out the knowledge and consideration of store staff. Highly recommend this store to all area musicians. It's worth the drive!" If you're a guitar fanatic you'll definitely love it here. The service was very helpful and really friendly as well."  but also for 5 years of drum lessons. They have great staff who are all very knowledgeable about the gear they sell and I have yet to find better prices in any other music store. They treat customers like friends but they don't try to ""sell"" you things the way the big corporate stores do. If you need any kind of music gear "Best place in town for all your keys synths needs. Ask for Tony or anyone really   it's in great condition again.  Worth the hour+ drive one-way to have the work done.  Will never go to another shop as long as I'm in driving distance for anything more than strings ever again." "I love visiting this store! Lots of gear in every part of the store as well as friendly www.myspace.com/slideroolz"  I personally am a lot more comfortable in mom-and-pop outfits than in sparking white showrooms.  A lot of people go to mega-stores because they think they're anonymous there and won't be hassled -- they're doing it wrong.  They hate you.  This place loves their customers  I have visited just about every music store/pawn shop in Phoenix. While Ziggy's may not have the largest most current inventory the folks who run the place are the kindest most knowledgeable people I have ever met in the business. I recently took a bass in to them to have it rewired (I was ready to throw it out) and they fixed it like new for only $15! Ziggy's music is the quintessential mom and pop shop and they clearly love what they do. Huge Thanks Ziggy's Music!!"  and knowledgeable. He assured me that it probably wasn't the new tubes I had installed (woo!) and that there was probably some short inside the circuitry of the amp. He had the amp for a three whole weeks (I had other options for live gigs luckily) and when I got it back I highly recommend these guys if you need a repair!" Ziggie's has an interesting selection of gear at reasonable prices. They lack the selection of big music superstores  helpful staff and I really like that they are not refurbishing the exterior but leaving in it's historic state.  The staff is definitely devoted to the music business and are extremely knowledgeable about their inventory.  An institution in Phoenix and one of those places we natives would all be very disappointed if they were to ever leave.  Just a cool funky place devoted to the love of music and musicians." 4 stars instead of five because my whole review is based on just a feeling I got about the store.  if I was a guitar person  he moved for the first time to point to some hanging on the wall behind him and as my husband approached to take a closer look and as the guy reached to take the package of screws down he said very rudely to my husband 