 and they are open until 11pm.  What more could you want?  Why an APPLE PURSE of course!  And a nice Earl Gray tea thrown in for good measure.  Wow...I love this place.  I am such a nerd...only a nerd would enjoy going to a book store and reading as much as I do.  The extra amenities just make it that much more enjoyable."  and the prices are pretty reasonable.  Obviously it's hard for them to compete with Amazon.  However since all the small shop bookstores are gone They could use more chairs."  and they have plenty of books that'll help you pass the time."  but I'd rather buy my books from a place that has more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than a national chain like this." I really hope this store stays here for some.  The prices are also fair and often have great discounts." HwwEfnZKLNOUoqfgcwAgcQ B&N is more of a hangout spot with books in case you want to buy one right there and then. But everything is kind of confusing you always need to ask where something is. I'd rather shop online for anything i really want. It's just not worth it to buy it wholesale." A little band was singing and playing a variety of instruments while I was here. I wasn't very impressed until I realized that they were high school kids. I thought it as really nice that Barnes & Noble would let them perform in the store... and a great way for B&N to get a lot of their family members in the store Parking: the location is within a shopping area..so I wouldn't say it has it's own private lot per se It's a convenient location to come in and kill some time like others have mentioned. There's a lot to find in there so come back and browse!" This Barnes and Noble carries on a long history of excellence. They always have an extensive selection and a friendly staff that is willing to find what ever book you are seeking." The Nook section is pretty much right when you walk in through the main entrance.  I do like this store however I wonder how long it will exist with everything like Amazon and e-Readers changing how people get their material these days." Went to Barnes and Noble Waterfront with 3 books on my list.       First one there were several books by the same name so they wanted the name of the author.  Went to look it up on my phone.....Barnes and Noble wifi had blocked me.  Wanted me to sign it and allow them access to my information....NOT.  Long story short they only had one of the 3 books I was looking for and it was $4 less on Amazon....Lost this customer. Their food is amazing. They have a deal that you can get a soup and salad for 6.95! Also they have drinks from Starbucks and deserts from the cheesecake factory. What I'm eating right now is the tomato caprese which is delicious and their soup which is homemade chicken noodle soup which is awesome and the tiramisu cup which I never had before. You should try it if you're in the waterfront in homestead.  it was not very appropriate to see a bunch of staff standing around the middle of the store while there are a lot of customers around." "It's a used media store chain. Not to much to say about it. I usually shy away from these places because they run the independent stores out of business. I still stand by that but I gotta say that no matter which one of these I walk into "I think I might open a store  and just about anything else you could want. They also offer tarot readings. Make sure you say hi to the cat (I think his name is Baloo) while your there!"  but never again. I absolutely LOVE this store and can't wait to have reason to go there again." "What a hidden gem in the South Hills. This fun Little store carters to a wide range a spiritual curiosities. You can explore your psychic side with a modest selection of power crystals  but the tumbled stones are buried deep in the back of the store in such gloom you can barely make them out.  They also look like they were tumbled by a lawnmower.  It's such a shame.  I wish they would bring the tumbled rocks out into the sunlight and stock up with some fresh stones.  Other than that though I also LOVE how the shopkeepers don't keep a hawk's eyes on you. Instead they allow you to spend your time browsing the merchandise alone. After all  how to rid your home of evil spirits and I just wish she wasn't closing the store when I was walking in. She was nice enough to stay open until I purchased my salt lamp. I'll return and get my fill of this place and look around for four or five hours."  stones and oils over the phone and have it delivered to a sick relative nearby.  Tell them what who you need it for (e.g. a sick friend) and they will personally construct the gift basket and deliver it if not too far away Worked perfectly for me and--again--they are very nice. Ask for Amy." "" but we did not feel welcome at all :-(" Adorable shop with tons stuff in every corner. There are things small and large all over so make sure to come here with time on your hands because you might just miss out if you are in a rush- there are rooms upstairs too! "Moonstones is a really neat little place in Dormont....you wouldn't expect something like this to be in Dormont. You can spend quite a bit of time in there just looking at all the cool different stuff they have! The people that work there are very nice as well. It's not a place a lot of people go into I feel because they think it's ""weird"" or voodoo lol but it isn't  and you can't beat the price.  All of the staff are always nice and knowledgable.  I also really love that they have a store cat." I am entitled not to be made to feel as a potential thief before I've even made it through the doors. I work in the industry as well and know that before you can accuse someone of stealing  I guess that's ok. My problem is I feel like I was targeted. There was another woman with her purse and they didn't ask her to hold her stuff. There was something I wanted to buy but I ended up leaving after a few minutes of half hearted browsing. It just left a bad taste in my mouth." I wish Moonstones all the best in their business and the abundance that may come!" I've been a customer off and on for years. It's easy to get lost in browsing. Do yourself a favor and check them out.  and many other rare or random drinks. No bike rack outside- usually just chain up to a trash can. Open 24 7!" 55 cent surcharge to use a debit card -_- ... but they are 24 hours and convenient to point park univ. I came here alot whenever I was a student there and the dining hall had closed. "Open 24 7! I am from a place where we have a ton of 24 7 stores..... Not in Pittsburg I imagine I will be back before my trip is over." theres this boxish thing near the register that fuuull of 7 inches and some odd cds. they have the most awesome artwork and i like to look through them. but i never buy any cause i've never heard of any of the bands..."  Paul's is incredibly dense. They have this unique carding procedure where they keep all the new CDs behind the counter and you bring the card up to the counter to get it. They usually have an amazing used CD selection as well. Plus  it was time for the final test... having a chat with the staff.  The experience was good - they are friendly and very knowledgeable  and full of everything you could desire really.  Great selection.  Knowledgable staff.  It's truly one of the best things bloomfield and pittsburgh has to offer" If I can't buy my CDs straight from the band  Karl Hendricks runs his business just like he plays: with passion and creativity." Soundcat Records is a great shop with a well curated new LP section. The prices are spot on as well. What I love about this store is learning something new everytime in enter it. The owner and employees provide a wealth of knowledge and suggest great music. The best selection of new LPs at a great price. The used selection is curated well and very affordable. I love the vibe and I am so happy to have this store in my neighborhood. I have been buying records from this building for the last 20 years.  I was so happy when I heard that Karl Hendricks was taking over the space.  I feel like the selection has gotten even more fine tuned.  They have a wonderful selection of obscure vinyl.  And every one in the store is always so helpful.  Every time I go there I see one of my friends!!!  I love this place. "They didn't have a huge selection but the store was clean and super easy to navigate.  A miss this time Superb selection of used vinyl and a well curated new vinyl selection as well. Loved the quasi pontification of the store clerk as well. Everything you expect from a record store and then some. A gem. I have been shopping here for 15 years and this place is absolutely amazing. It was formerly known as Paul's and it was a great store back then but I think Sound Cat is even better. They have a really good pulse on just about every music genre so the selection is very well curated. This store is a vital part of the community and with record stores closing left and right we should not take a place like this for granted. Cancel your Spotify account and support people who put their hearts and souls into keeping music alive. It's a nice place if you're just browsing but I was a little disappointed by the selection. Overall "It's been a while since I've been here (maybe back when it was called Paul's) but I remember this place standing out as far as record shops go. It was super organized with easy to browse cards in place of the actual discs (for some  with clear labels and open aisles so you can stop and browse through without blocking traffic. Kyle found a special edition Green Day album for an excellent price last time we came and purchased it immediately. I have my eye on a few things myself  it's the best place to go if you have no idea what to get. You can pick up anything from a barista action figure to chocolate body paint to the complete set of Harry Potter hardback books. And don't forget the fizzy bath salts or the stick-on mustaches. You'll be hard pressed to NOT buy anything before you leave."  there's a wide assortment of knick-knacks and books that are perfect as gifts or impulse purchases for yourself. It's easy to lose track of time as you wander up and down the narrow aisles."  etc... Kards Unlimited seems to take great care in choosing store products for sale. Definitely my favorite store on Walnut." "I regret to say that I have walked past this store for four years and never went in. That's four years of gifts that I could have found in one place. The books  but you can't blame them--there's just so much to see."  etc.  A tiny sampling of the silliness." Much more than just a card shop. A very unique store. Tons of pop culture stuff. Take your time and look around. Bacon Flavored Dental Floss  and I never feel like I'm sifting through a lot of less interesting books to find the best ones. The editions are always nicely designed. There is also a great collection of shirts  they literally have something for everyone.  I go at least as often as I need a card for some occasion and they always have new things. A bit expensive but worth it to support this great store."  humorous and fun: This is one novelty shop you don't want to pass up! I left with unique childrens books & hand puppets for my son ***i'm basically a local now."  Kards Unlimited has the highest quality and variety of cards I've ever seen. Plus wacky tees. Plus random crap usually found in gift shops at the airport You could knock the whole list out at Kards Unlimited 5-1."  and I'm always surprised at how reasonable the prices are.  Gotta love this store!"  which I think all are ordered by the marker of the cards and then by the type of sentiment. Because of the unique and grandiose assortment you can easily spend a few hours easily going through everything from cards and the other odds and ends (books "What more can I say about Kards Unlimited that hasn't already been stated?  The reviews are glowing and well-deserved!  More than just stationary and cards Large selection of unique cute-tastic gifts.  Humerous knick-knacks books galore.  Very adorable and staff was very pleasant.  Looking forward to going back again. Overall fun place. Just be prepared to enter very small spaces. If there are any other people in there (which there normally is) it will be an awkward mess." I LOVE this store. Always have to take a look when I'm in Shadyside or have any kind of excuse to buy a card.  Darren had his face in the graphic novels (him and his comics lol i like them too btw). I was gawking at everything else including Cat Lady action figures and all kinds of silly stuff. They also have a nice book selections and of course greeting cards galore and t-shirts and so much stuff! Even if you don't buy anything  I doubt I'll ever step foot back into a Hallmark store.  Better quality in cards and the staff are excellent."  especially around the holidays. Don't recommend going with a stroller in tow!" December 2102 Yelp Challege]" lvYt45K8Z7za73FZFpq4gQ I like to check this place out every once in a while because I just like window shopping. I don't think I'd buy anything here due to the fact that it's overpriced but I do like to appreciate their merchandise."  but it's the perfect little place to browse on a Sunday afternoon stroll on Walnut Street with a coffee. I lived in Shadyside for a while and grabbing coffee next door at Tree Roasters and walking in here for a peek became a part of my weekend schedule."  I'm sure someone you know is and this would be a great place to find a couple stocking stuffers for them. The only reason I rounded down on the rating was that the prices were a bit high on everything." I think you find something there for any occasion. I even purchased Thank You cards here for me to give to my interviewers after my interviews. I also got a relatively normal To-Do list here  and I honestly don't think it does a good job explaining just how much different stuff you can find in here. I know that sometimes stores that try to cram too much onto their shelves can seem chaotic and disorganized Lots of collectibles. They have cards and humorous knick knacks. I bought some t shirts and they have fictional places travel posters that are awesome. jwxhi--674LLCnvqJL7SRQ Really unique gifts and great cards.  Staff is friendly.  Prices are slightly high. "This place is great! I stumbled in here while trying to kill time before a cooking demo down the street. I was blown away by the amount of stuff they were able to fit into this little hole in the wall. The cards are hilarious  you go to Kards Unlimited not for the prices but for the insanely cool and geeky atmosphere and to loose yourself in all the wonderful things in this shop!" They also have an awesome cookbook section in the back of the store.  It is a food lovers paradise." I usually just go here for the cafe.  And that is always a good experience!  Super friendly team members and a great selection.  I only gave it four out of five stars because it is a little on the pricey side. I wish more people shopped at book stores as they are all slowly going out of business. This one was nice as all of the Barnes and Nobles I have been at are. The coffee was good if you get one. Nice bright store with a great selection of books and gift ideas. Friendly helpful staff.  Nice place to kill time.  it's really hot?  Turn the A C on folks!  Too hot. Why every time I come in here Clean. Staff is always friendly and chill. Usually dont have to wait in line. The typical overcrowded videogame store on weekends though..whiny babies kids fighting to play the new demos and that typical junk lol but I zipped by on my lunch break to preorder BF4 and was in and out in 10 minutes with a smile on my face.  especially during the winter hoildays Black Friday probably beat the pants off them. You can buy new or used game system consoles and also new or pre-owned games. There's an ""in store"" trade in program for used games where you can get store credit or cash. Great place to do preorders for new games if you want to guarantee yourself a copy the first day of release." "Awesome interaction! Had a complicated return and Rob handled this no problem. He was kind and curteous and was a HUGE help. This wasnt even his home store. Overall the experience was great and I walked away happy. Some stores are hit or miss I'll stick to using the store to browse and for gift ideas for the time being." This location has a Starbucks in the center of the bookstore that really gets packed at times.  It is a popular place for friends to meet for a cup of coffee and a chat."  and that makes it solidly A-OK."  if you can find them. Bathroom is clean-ish."  so it's easy to give any B&N a glowing review.  This one in particular is one of my favorites in the Charlotte area (vs. the locations at Carolina Place Mall and off the corner of Sharon Colony).  The reason being is that it's one level  but hadn't gotten a chance to read one. Barnes and Noble had the Foxfire Christmas book at a reasonable price I guess the point of my review is more about professionalism on the job... Happy with the store as a whole Why would I pay $13 more for a book I could buy from the website- & get free shipping? B&N better wake up & price match.  but goodness... Won't be returning because of rude staff. Was told I wasn't allowed to move a table because they needed to push a cart through fHovFhbYJcy6y4oosMhM_A STR: 2812  REGL 001 TRN: 5460 CSHR: Justin S"  so you can feel good about supporting a local Charlotte business while shopping here. Just a sidenote: they will validate your parking for up to 2 hours! :)"  but that's part of the Bookmark's charm. At least for me."  but this is never a store you'd make a special trip for (and I'm sure the owners are not aiming to be a store that people would head Uptown for).  The selection here is so skimpy that folks who stop by more than once every few months will find options wearing thin (and it's not like some other bookstores that have a thin  locally owned bookstore in Founders Hall right in the middle of Uptown. I sometimes forget it's there unless I have to get a last minute greeting card (they have a wide selection) or if I'm bored at work and just need a break. I like to peruse the different sections of books they offer and they often have sales tables right outside the store. Anytime I've gone "Excellent bookstore! It's refreshing to meet a book person who is so knowledgeable. Cathy helped me find 5 terrific books amongst the vast selection BookMark had to offer. This bookstore is independently operated and a real treasure in Charlotte. My tired feet are evidence that this store is a one-of-a-kind bookstore in this busy city.This is simply the only place around Charlotte with such personalized and helpful ""hands-on"" book sense and no nonsense!" When I walk into a bookstore I like to be inspired to read and I want to be excited by what's on the shelves. I could spend hours in a Barnes & Noble just pulling interesting stuff off the shelves and perusing the pages. There's not really an opportunity for any of that at this place."  this shop is every bit as good in terms of books and customer service.  Park Road Books is one of the few remaining independently owned book stores in Charlotte and it deserves our support.  Due to size It's tiny but they are very friendly and you could order a book and just pick it up by the time you have to go to Harris Teeter or otherwise visit the Park Road Shopping Center again."  this store survives and its whip-smart staff really delivers. If they don't have it  it's refreshing to know that an indy is still around. They've got racks of books outside that will charm you and entice you to come inside  but I managed to find some things I haven't seen in the bigger stores.  They had a lot more books of short stories than the other stores.  Which I love because you get to see your favorite authors outside of their usual series and try out  new authors at the same time.  I will definitely be back to see what's new." I am coming back in a couple of days (Sept. 13th) for Henry Bull  it makes up for this with its better browsing ability & excellent personal service. If you're an avid book fan & you're looking for a nice atmosphere to peruse  journals and other gifts.  I love that they have a big jigsaw puzzle on a table with chairs around it if you want to sit down and work on it while someone else is shopping." Finding Park Road Books made for a good stop. The employees were friendly and we felt no pressure to buy anything. Stop by and browse and you may find something you didn't even know you were looking for  it's a well-picked selection that seems to always have what I am looking for.  I have found that emailing this bookstore and having them hold books works more quickly and is generally easier than using Amazon.  Nice browsing selection if you don't know what you want  they usually have carts of formerly leased books from public libraries for $3-$5.  These titles are usually last year's bestsellers that public libraries take out circulation once the demand decreases.  If you've got time to kill or money to blow  independent bookstore! I ventured in here for the first time a few days ago and will definitely be back. It's a nice change of pace from the over-sized mega bookstores out there and has a nice  large for a small store!  Still able to compete with the Big-in-name stores.  This a Charming bookstore I'm so glad they are still in the game!  Extremely helpful and friendly staff!"  but if the person who chooses the stock is sympatico then you will always be able to find something good there.  Such is the case with Park Road Books.  I even look up books on Amazon and buy them at Park Road because I don't want them to meet the sad fate of other indie bookstores."  not to mention keeping your money in the city. With all the author signings  so it was $58. Make sure they put you in their system. Friendly people and good seating area to lounge in in the back."  and nice sitting area to read a couple snippets.   Staff is friendly and they can order a book for you if one isn't available or instock yet.  Beware of the mystery aisle  journals or small gifts you should check here first. The staff is super helpful and have their own recommendation section for books. Great way to support local business!"  support a local bookstore!"  after calling every day since last Friday has reached out to me. The customer service is not what I expected. These books were needed last Friday for a class that meets on Mondays.  I will be two weeks behind since they will not come in until this Monday. This is unacceptable. If I had known that All I have to do is call and the staff will order a book for me (if they don't have it in stock) and a few days later they call to tell me it's in! How easy is that? It's like on-line shopping but instead of buying from a huge national conglomerate Amazon is easier. Barnes & Noble is too. But this store is a gem that deserves our patronage There is a cute sitting area in the back which is surrounded by children's books. I was only there to browse this time but I can see myself returning next time I want to purchase a new book." I asked them for help looking for a gift and they immediately set out searching their stacks for the book or something similar. They always have cute little gift ideas."  eclectic selection with a great selection of signed copies."  and on others I felt like I was flipping through a fourteen year old girls CD collection.  However Just the kind of people that should be running places like this."  ""Thanks for finally bringing it back""  Sad to say I went home and got a Netflix subscription.  Will only use again in case of a video emergency!" I love this place. Its the best spot in town to find Foreign flicks as wel as independent films.  The workers are pretty funny as well.  I have to agree with Visart girl. Instant gratification might be worth the resulting public humiliation you have to experience at the counter when you're identified as a ""repeat offender""."  and she just knows off the top of her head that it was never released in this country.  After the pang of disappointment I knew I had found a kindred spirit.  This place also gets bonus points for being one of only two places I know of that have ""Moonchild"".  So if you're in the mood to expand your entertainment horizons check it out." I think I will pick up the City of God television series next time I am there I'd reactivate my membership if they'd let go of the late fees. I hope that Netflix doesn't kill Visart." "Visart is one of the few independent video stores I know of in Charlotte. It's got an awesome selection of mainstream and offbeat films that you might not be able to find elsewhere. The store is broken up into interesting sections with some film-makers receiving their own rows. I've dealt with some rude employees there too  there are times when you have an urge to watch a movie and you are unwilling to wait for 2-3 days.  Visart definitely fills that role for me." They charge late fees just like any other store that isn't a multinational conglomerate with a massive online presence and bottomless pockets for advertising.  So just return them before they're due and you're golden."  that's what.  Get yer toukas over here and rent something."  this is the one! So you need to take a look! Gem!"  I like the suicide-girls who work there. Great place and they know there movies. Thanks V." I know I am a fool- but I love the place. I love that I can bring my dogs in. I love that they always give them little treats even though my dogs hate treats. I love that there are stickers on the DVD's stating which employee loves the video. I love that they quietly judge me when I pick up a stupid romantic comedy. I love that I have had 45 minute conversations about LOST. I love that they late fees are ridiculously high and that I cannot help but to go there."  we went to the real movie store and found our flicks the honest way- scanning the shelves and reading the actual jacket cover- and we liked it." STcLx0y_X89TsC0m2gVgHw  from new releases to documentaries to foreign films. They also have good-sized collections for kiddies and gay lesbian cinema. Beware...there is an ""erotique"" section (as there should be...lol) that I have seen many an unattended child wander in to only to be discovered by their shocked parents. Always makes me laugh but probably because I have no rugrats of my own and am therefore still amused by that kind of thing. Friendly knowledgable staff...they will even hold movies for you for a couple days if you call and reserve them. You also get a 30 day grace period on your late charges I love this place for their selection of past & present independent films. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. You can also buy movies for very cheap if you're into buying them. Friendly and Knowledgeable staff always willing to make a suggestion.  They have ""Staff Pick"" stickers indicating which staff member liked which movie. One of the few places left that you can walk in and get ideas of what movies you may want to see!  Used movies for sale too!" Blockbuster and Netflix. Of course the best part is it is Local!!" They have a bounty of selection. But they love their late fees...even for their best customers. "Entering Visart Video is like what I would imagine walking into Netflix would look like. The selection is ridiculous  you suck. If you think the staff is handing out good customer service only to those who are ""cool"" you're trippin. It's a video store....with movie lovers working there..and something ALWAYS playing on the t.v.s..don't take it personal. The place is the shiz you can watch everything from Buster Keaton to blacksploitation to british drama to movies from  never called NOTHING. This used to be a great place now  after years of supporting them i have had enough of argumentative cashiers acting mean." UPDATE! Received an email from the owner which was a little intimidating stated that I should remove my post. Kinda think they should improve customer service then send an email. If you like movies (or maybe just want to get lost in their labyrinth classics and discover how many movies you've never seen I freakin' love this business! It's so hard to describe why I love it though. Just check them out. You won't regret it. I like their selection and wish I were closer so I could utulize them more. Awesome selection but staff are very rude Look for ""PICK"" stickers to help guide you in your selection."  they are close by my house.  I have a feeling I'll be frequenting this local business." I live in the neighborhood but it is worth a drive. I hope this awesome shop doesn't go anywhere for a long time!"  but being able to browse the selection and rent pretty much any movie you can think of is simply awesome!  This is the only movie store I know of as well as the coolest movie store I've ever experienced."  and a friendly atmosphere(dog friendly too) Visart is the place. I find myself quite often getting lost is their maze of movies looking for the next gem. Looking for one They don't have the wall of toys or the obscure flavors of popcorn. All they have is a transaction The only downside is that if you live far away if can be tough to get the movies back sometimes. But whenever that happens I look at it as a donation to one of my favorite local businesses in Charlotte." Horrible customer service. Unless you are into horror movies or The Simpsons the people working the counter can't give you a honest review. However they will make fun of your movie selections and treat you like crap. Can't wait to go back!! STcLx0y_X89TsC0m2gVgHw Awesome place to go for movies! I love that they still have VHS! And the staff is always friendly and helpful!  wearing combat boots should find an occupation out of customer service. Sorry I bothered you from sitting on your ***. This is a video rental store These guys also organize the annual Heroes Convention in June which is a cornucopia of comic books "This is very well kept and friendly little store.  They have an impressive selection of comics and graphic novels.  A true comic geeks' paradise  and really into geek stuff.  It isn't hard for a collector to drop a hundred dollars in just one visit  which is amazing to me considering how many people probably go in there.  I'm SO bad with names that I find it impressive when others can do so well with them.  That's quality customer service."  and then make your way into Heroes for a few minutes of geeky fun. I also recommend bringing a bonafide geek with you  but I love checking them out.  What I enjoy about Heroes is that it's environment that is welcoming to both intense enthusiasts and also passerbys." "Heroes is the Most spacious and ""prettiest"" of the comic shops in Charlotte. The staff is helpful and will let you roam to your hearts content. On the other side of the coin... I have found the prices on some rare items and variant comics to be slightly inflated. non the less. This is a great place to shop."  and I like the fact the place is welcoming to a 5 year old as well as a 40 year old." L1OqlH9UzjBK0js4sKs9cQ A big thank you to Heroes for putting up with someone who was only into the strange world of comics for three issues."  loves this place. He always brings his out of state friends to it. I have only heard good things about it- and from very particular comic book geeks. It has a great vibe."  which is the coolest event with tons of comic book authors in attendance.  You can go dressed like your favorite superhero and you will be welcome like family.  I saw someone dressed like Catwoman and she put Michelle Pfeiffer to shame - purr!  While you're here  not the best place to go for a friendly staff. Condescending tones and mockery of things I asked for was inquiring about are not a good way to get return business! :( I'll buy online before I go in here again."  read the latest Creative Loafing and follow the shopping trip with a salad from Crisp. That's right. It only takes a salad bribe to get me into Heroes. It's that good."  but we go to Rebel Base for what we need now." The cashier knew a lot about the particular comic I chose and we had a nice conversation before I left." I spent quite a while browsing and felt like I was my teenage self again- burying my nose into the most recent New Mutants comic. Oh Heroes If it wasn't for the fact I can't leave this store without an arm full of new comics L1OqlH9UzjBK0js4sKs9cQ  it is the type of store where older stuff which may have once been in vogue disappears.  I have been to many stores in many states "This is a Great Place!  Great Escape!  Frank Miller's: Sin City I'm not a fan of comic books but man this place is LOADED with choices. And compared to almost every comic book store I've seen so far it looks better and has so much more stuff. They also have a small section of Japanese manga in the back too. Friendly staff too. I would recommend this for any comic aficionado.  and it felt out of place for a comic ""community"".... but it did feel somewhat.... appropriate.... inside of the store.  This isn't my kind of thing at all  I come back every week (sometimes a couple times a week) to pick up the new issue of whatever I'm reading at the time and maybe pick up some back issues.  They have a great selection out on the floor and there's a good possibility that if you're looking for something that you don't see ENDGAME = It's a great place to look around but buy somewhere else...you'll save a lot of money over time.  These small shops are facing more and more on-line competition via Amazon Personally I think it's too clean I like my comic book stores covered in boxes in action figures and piles of awesomeness like rebel base "This local little treat is truly a diamond but the 'rough' around it is just as unique and lovely.  Do Not let the size of this place fool you there are walls upon walls of books just out of your eye line.  I came there looking for a 'I went to Charlotte and I love you gift"" I however left with only stuff for me.  I Most enjoyed how clean the establishment was and how well organized and neat everything was in the boxes.  Many comic shops I have been to were very dirty and dim more like a cave Not a fan of the owner.  He can be rude." "New to Town so I was looking for a new local comic shop.  I met the owner as soon as I walked in the door "This is easily the best comic shop around.  I may be biased because I've been going here since I was a teenager but they are pretty great.  The staff is friendly and will explain things to the non-initiated and they have a good selection of statues Great shop. Very open layout and friendly staff. Sometimes parking can be difficult though as it is a small shared lot. I have been going to Heroes since I was a little kid.. They have been in 3 locations over this time period. It's the premier comic store in NC. They have literally every comic ever printed. Highly recommend. This is a great comic shop. It is family friendly and usually has some kind of event going on every so many months. They are very loyal to their customers and provide a wide variety of comics to choose from. If you have any questions they're happy to help and if you're looking for suggestions they usually have a good one! The only drawback is the parking; because of it's popularity it gets a little crowded. Great store and amazing staff. They always keep me up to date. Good job heroes! You'll find more parking behind the shop than to the side "New to Town so I was looking for a new local comic shop.  I met the owner as soon as I walked in the door  this place is great. Staff CLEARLY knows their shtuff and seemed really friendly. I'm not a die hard comic guy (never been able to get into weekly issues) and was hoping to find more of the comic games store but I think it's a great shop for what it is. Fact is im probably not their target audience and that's all gravy."  they have it! Great place to introduce your kids to the wonderful world of super heroes." This is a great store for all ages.  it has something for everyone.  I can easily spend an hour in the store discovering the new as well as the old that I loved growing up.  They probably like it better when I'm zipping through for that quick present for someone.  The quick trips I can never decide & easily whiz through & find so much that I just grab them all & than sort through the stack later.  The staff is so friendly & helpful to point me in the direction of exactly what I'm searching for.  but lighter on other items.  Come here first if comic books are your priority.  If you are looking for things other than comic books for your inner geek This is my local comic book shop and I love it they always have the newest issues and they have amazing customer service!!!!!!! #1. Best shop in Charlotte. Straight up comics and memorabilia. No games or non-sense. Well organized and clean. Anything from modern-golden. The one thing I'm sad about that I can no longer find at B&Ns nationwide are pop-out maps for cities to which I travel.  I now have to buy them from Amazon.com.  Sigh..." 8NnFve6QYvTNjrhVc-sepQ 8NnFve6QYvTNjrhVc-sepQ  but I imagine that's because the store is huge. You'll probably find what you're looking for here and if not they'll be happy to place an order and get it shipped to you. The only thing I'm sad about at this store is the fact that I have an iPad instead of a nook for reading because then I'd have an excuse to flirt with the cute guy at the nook customer service station."  as if I'm doing something suspicious.  I also feel like the staff sometimes get nervous when customers are spending too much time walking around the store and not sitting in either the cafeteria or the chairs.  Maybe this is the way that people who steal from bookstores act.  I don't know.  All I know is that I'm not a thief and unless the alarm goes off when I exit the store there's no reason to suspect me of anything." Parking is a bit of a pain - there just aren't that many spots!" You'll also find a smattering of comfy chairs to grab a seat and read for a bit  Barnes & Noble. You own that spot and own it well." I could spend an afternoon in a place like this." My only real complaint with this location is a convoluted parking lot and no traffic light when exiting onto a busy road." "Horrible customer service. The lady working the cs desk is very short and not very helpful when it comes to looking up something (maybe she doesn't know how to use a computer). From now on "Stopped by before dropping my sister off at the airport. I love killing time in a book store. It's fun to browse the sections and skim through a few pages of books I wouldn't have normally seen since I shop on amazon for most everything in the book world. This location has limited parking  tomorrow most likely."  I've always been able to find everything I've needed. I have a Nook so I can read books in store (up to an hour if not paid for) but like to peruse the shelves to scan to my Goodreads app books I might want to read later  reading.  Usually he's wearing the same plaid flannel shirt.  He seems friendly and if you start looking at the running books too long All in all a great place to kill some time or buy a book."  even though I walked out with no book and no Starbucks points. But as rarely as I walk into a bookstore "I special ordered a 2014 calendar from this store and they never called me to tell me it was not available or anything. Once again I love how big this barnes and nobles is! I was able to find everything quickly and employees were available of I needed it. I am see myself spending a lot of time here even if it's just to grab a coffee at the cafe. Of you're a b&n member you get a discount on Starbucks coffee too! Absolute plus. "This store is ridiculous. They need to hire way more people. I was upstairs trying to find an employee to help for what it seemed as if it took donkey's years. I finally managed to locate someone who happen to be on the phone with someone else  this place is great if you can't wait for 2-day shipping... but gone are the days when I used to hang out at stores like this for hours on end." Oh! And I completely agree with the parking trouble that other Yelpers have... Good luck."  but never offered another possibility of making the sale (I.E. Offering to see if it was at another store or could be shipped to my home). I would only recommend this store to someone seeking exasperated and shirt-tempered employees. What a complete waste of time." Love this place. Plenty of books to chose from and always available. Very close to my neighborhood is a plus  I've had to wait over 20-25mins on a pre-cooked sandwich! I chose to eat there for convenience as I was studying and wanted to save out on time versus go out and pick up from somewhere else. It would have been quicker to eat out and come back instead of waiting on the sandwich. The most recent time  all separated into their various sections.  But the whole wall of romance novels kind of ruined it for me.  In fact there were so many romance novels they had to separate them into sections (historical and modern).  Now I have nothing against romance novels  clerk.  They can hold particular books for you if you're looking for a ""new"" book and they don't have a copy.  I asked them to call me if they got a particular book and they did a few weeks later!  Impressive.  Their book buying policy is convoluted-you get partial store credit and partial cash.  So if you try selling books Used Books!  Most of what they have are used books  The store has been in this location for about a year one of the workers told me.  Many people were bringing in their books to trade - Cool!  I Love used book stores! quite little place with used books. I always find things for my toddler.  but it's a great place to exchange books and find new things.  I highly recommend giving it a try. I know one customer complained about there being too many romance novels and yes there are quite a few but honestly they have lots of other things too!!" BR is a book store for cheap book lovers like me!"  great cause. Love picking up books for my toddler." "I love the Book Rack! I recently moved to Charlotte and was on the hunt for a good used book store. They have a great selection which includes an entire bookcase of my personal favorite genre A whole bevy of helpful ladies always seem ready to help. Trade in your old books for partial credit on new purchases. Get your summer reading now!!"  you're probably better off with amazon. But if you want to poke around for a great find on a pretty Sunday afternoon  trade in my old books and get some new ones!  My son loves the kid book area and I find something for me on every visit.  I could spend a few hours in there.  Truly a great place for book lovers!" Amazing.   One of the best used bookstores in the southeast.   Great organization and aelection.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Prices were great.  A must stop for book lovers in Charlotte Stopped in here while on a business training trip to North Carolina. Tons of books to look through. If only i had more time to browse (person i was with not that into books). Great looking store and tons of used books in decent condition (from what I looked at). Couldn't recommend this place more to fellow book lovers."  but there's a book I wanted and there were a million used copies on Amazon. I wanted it right away Pretty good used book store.  Lots of books.  A little pricey in my opinion. I've had good experiences with one clerk who was very helpful and friendly. Otherwise they'd be getting five stars from me  but their knowledge of movies is as limited as their selection.  While I've been there twenty times or more over the years  I would think the cost of an angry customer(s) would be more concerning." "I was in Family Video last week. An employee told me that they are now going with all widescreen. They still have some older stuff that is fullscreen  the same type of people who still go to video stores are the same sort of people who contribute to youth organizations (lonely old people). I appreciate how much Family Video worked with us  and might be back to get some tapes for my '99 subaru.  :)  Also sells DVDs movies etc." "I was not very impressed at all when I recently went in to check out the used record selection. Many of the pop rock titles seemed overpriced for their condition. This store does not seem very picky about what is selected to sell  including the whatever Beatles records in the ""collectibles"" box are beat to heck (and five times the price they should be for the condition). They didn't put records in plastic sleeves. Beat 80s pop records that should be $1-2 in NM NM shape are $6.50  but I would have have to agree with other Yelpers that most of the records are in pretty poor condition. They also have VHS movies  excellent coffee and food just one door down  but I think it's something like 10 movies for $24 or so).  I prefer Bongo to Netflix because I feel I end up getting movies that I'm in the mood to watch."  clean adult store open 24 hours.  They have a gigantic collection of the typical dildos and videos.  They also have ""viewing booths"" and the staff is friendly.  However they don't have a big selection of anything else you may be looking for.  No Kama Sutra products This place would be better -- and I'm sure they would make more money -- if they got rid of the video booths completely and filled the place with a deeper variety of toys and quality smut."  I came home for winter break from my freshman year of college. I met up with some of my friends and we went to RLN out of boredom. (We went to high school only a couple blocks away so we were well aware it existed and was open 24 7). We were shocked to find our Vice Principal (and father of a student we graduated in the same class with) perusing the dirty mags. It was extra Maybe one of these days we'll see what it looks like on the inside... if it's not still closed for inventory."  but I have heard some crazy stories about this particular one. It didn't seem well monitored. I really hate the selection here and the prices are higher than other's. They seemed to have more fetish stuff than Selective though. So I guess there's that. Overall I'd suggest staying away  the music they're playing is some of the most god-awful foreign jazz stuff." "I will never do business with any Half Price Books store again after my experiences with the staff at this store. I have been here multiple times and have yet to find someone who is polite or pleasant to talk to. When I asked for help trying to find the cooking section I was told ""Why don't you just read the signs?"" I tried to sell a nonfiction manual and was told it was out of date even though it was the most current edition available. When I tried to protest the woman at the counter told me she ""clearly knows more about this"" than I do. I came back a few weeks later to sell another manual that had ICDM on the front and the girl actually tried to tell me that meant there was a CD that was supposed to go with it. I tried one more time to sell some novels and after the clerk gave me a pay slip he threw my book in the garbage right in front of me. I also tried to sell a like new condition $30.00 novel only to be offered a dollar for it. I asked why and was told ""it's a short book."" I have never encountered anyone here who didn't make it very obvious that it is a waste of their time to serve customers. Even when I greet them with a smile and say ""excuse me  yet a large majority of their books are in almost new shape. Great selection. The last 4-5 times I went to Barns n Nobel at east town and found a book I wanted  copies will go on super sale. I once got 10 of 13 books in a series from the sale rack for less than half the price that 2 other sets of the same series were going for on the main shelves. It's always good to check if you're looking for a specific book." "This place is making me a cookbook hoarder! Helpful Staff. Great deals on books that aren't even an a year old. All in good condition. Everything is categorize for easy finding. They even have music items  they've always been helpful.  Keep up the good work HPBs!" "I really miss this store!  I miss this chain!  I lived in Madison several years ago and would come here often with my parents.  They have a wonderful selection on paper backs  a hilariously dated sci-fi book about the future of gaming from the 80s by Melissa Scott  but at seven to ten dollars for a paperback I might as well just buy something new. What I've been offered for buys is also on the extremely low end considering what they're going to turn around and price the books at. I brought in several best-selling hardcovers for my mom that were in nearly new condition (you'd never know someone had touched them aside from finding them in a resale shop) and I got less than $5 for items that would retail for $200+ new "LOVE this place! Everyone is so friendly and helpful. I can spend hours in here just looking at things that I don't need. I currently have five books that I'm reading and yet I always walk out with with something to add to my ""to read"" collection. They have a great selection here and I have been lucky enough to find every single book on my list so far." I built up my book collection with HPB but now good finds are really getting thin. I stop in every month because they get new books in and it might be one thats on my ever growing list." "I found an original Jimi Hendrix ""The Jimi Hendrix Experience"" album in the bargain section of the vinyls for $1!!!! The cover is worn but It plays beautifully!!!!"  you name it! I always go in meaning to be there for a few minutes but end up with a pretty big handful of things." "I love this store. Been to them in AZ as well and the feeling inside is the same. Lots and lots of titles to browse. If you need help with finding an item help is there for the asking. I love that the help leaves you alone to browse and don't hover. I read a lot of Sci Fi and Fantasy  then I'd bring some air filtration apparatus along with you.  And the record sleeves on the damper side of the shop had water damage.  Beware!  But check it out." "I'll agree with other reviewers that the atmosphere of this store may be pretty off-putting. It's basically just a dimly-lit rundown shack. A few years ago I vowed never to return due to an overwhelming bad odor inside. But I recently tried it one more time and had a better experience. Despite the atmosphere  and knowledgeable. cheap records! hipsters stay away! see you next year Resale! Hope you're still there!!" For me I like digging and getting a little dirty to find pure vinyl gold." Make a trek one weekend and check it out - it's an anachronistic little slice of the rock and roll life."  the only other places I can think of are PrePlayed or Half-Price Books for older cartridge based games. I usually hang around to talk and bring in super random gaming goods to sell or trade! Highly recommended! Believe It!" "It' where you should go to buy and sell games.  Avoid Gamestop and the other chains.  Keep this guy in business.  He isn't always able to buy your stuff  and shoots straight from the hip when it comes to recommending a game. He commented on my fiance's tattoo one time she was in there and sparked a great conversation. He can be a bit caught up in his work if he gets to doing something  with used and new options. Reserving books online was definitely a time saver. It has a year round t-shirt deal  but lately I am so far from a fan. I'm now an off campus grad student and I ordered a textbook for class in plenty of time which they decided to not ship because they assumed I would want to pick it up...umm hello check the adress! So I got the book super late and was unable to be prepared for class which My recommendation: email your professors before the semester starts to ask what books you'll need.  Order the books on Amazon or eBay." But cheap when they sell means cheap when they buy back..."  which is something you definitely notice the few days before each semester starts when EVERYONE's buying their textbooks.  Despite the super long looking lines  but not as nice as IBE. I recommend buying online from Amazon Prime or abebooks.com first. I also suggest students use the rewards card TIS offers to gain an addition 10% buyback rate from the standard 55%." "I wish I could give 0 stars. Two days ago I purchased an iClicker here for $57.50 including tax. This afternoon I attempted to return the unopened product with the original receipt. I was told they could offer me $19.00 for it G-Mart has a better selection and the employees are helpful and funny."  go to Other Realm if convenience is your biggest factor. If you have a car  so keep my review in mind with the other Yelp reviews." "When I first moved to CU I attended the U of I and this was the most convenient place to get comic books. I have to say I found the shopping experience to be generally unpleasant. There were times when the owner acted as though he didn't want you there. As time went by (and I started spending more money) he did get much friendlier for the most part. The thing is your shopping experience fluctuated based on his mood in any given day. It's by no means a bad shop but my overall shopping experience at G-mart has been better so it's hard for me to give it better than an ""average"" review." "this is what i would call a sweet book shop.  i have been shopping here since i was a freshman in college...17 years later i still find myself wandering in here when i'm in need of a distraction.  the staff are very helpful and always amaze me when they are able to locate something.  imagine an old building with a zillion floors  while you won't find me there often due to my intolerance for poor organization  there's an attempt at order with amazing rooms from ""Foreign Language"" to ""Science Fiction"" to ""Medieval Lit"".  Jane "I love taking people to Jane Addams for the first time - it reminds me of my first time coming here and the wonder and amazement I felt exploring its 3 floors of books. I always find something unique when I shop here. Apparently it is now under new management - and the place looked more organized than in the past. I think they are working on a computer inventory of books It's now under new ownership but have no fear! They've already done a great job. They've opened up the space a bit more so it's easier to get around but the selection is just as terrific. They're apparently in the process of building a database of the books so one day if you're not feeling like wandering around but are looking for a specific title they'll be able to tell you whether they have it! Not sure they're there yet but they're trying. I'm just so happy none of the charm of the place has been lost. Price-wise most books are decent Though nothing is amazingly cheap the only books you'll find that are marked up are out of print books and even then it's still very reasonable." "I love used book stores and this one didn't disappoint. I stopped in here looking to expand my Nancy Drew collection and scored four books I've been looking for. And they were only $7 each. A total steal! Plus  let me just say that I adore this place. I'm pretty sure this used to be a residential house or something that they converted into used book heaven. There are two and a half floors of just floor to ceiling stacks and shelves of books. It's decently organized The staff is great.  The inventory is mind-blowing  and now I go regularly again. They've told me they are working to electronically catalog all the new works that come in and are slowly getting up the backlog as well. They know their stock and are glad to help you look for something. But  with books piled everywhere.  Cramped narrow allies between the shelves.  Deceivingly large though.  There are three stories of books in all genres.  The owner is great and she will help you find anything you want.  I have found great gifts here as well as stuff I want to read.  A great location downtown  u could disappear with a book into a cozy corner. they have a giant selection. thie only problem was when we checked out it was raining like crazy and the girl asked if we wanted a bag and then when we said yes she gave us a paper bag. old books An unbelievably charming reading nook that offers an extensive and exciting expanse of reading experiences that seems to grow and grow before your eyes as you explore each new floor. "I love this treasure. I would say ""little"" treasure but it isn't little. Jane Adams has a wildly big selection of unique books. The only problem I ever have if going in and deciding on just a couple" My favorite thing about them is that they have a really fantastic book purchasing policy.  You can get a lot of in-store credit for what you have.  Definitely something I have taken advantage of over the years."  definitely the better foreign-language selection than the one in Urbana but poor organization and prices are a bit high."  they used to have a super comfy couch in the second floor but it's been gone for a while now :( you should still find comfy spots around the bookshop to sit down and read a book."  and well you get it. All of them carefully categorized and well decorated but the sense is as if you've ventured through time travel; each room is very unique and has a vibe similar to its titles  and I love their pre-ordering system. I would never remember to pick up the latest ""Y: The Last Man"" if they didn't send me emails telling me it's available at the shop for me."  going to G-Mart was always a treat. I love diving into quarter bins and G-Mart has some of the best. One time I spent $20 just on the great stuff I found in those boxes! Every time I head back down to Champaign I recommend G-Mart to both Champaign residents and to anybody that's looking for a simple way to mail-order comics."  particularly as we had a 30 minute conversation on the lack of black people in comic nerd culture.  Hells to the mothereffin' yes."  graphic novels and collectibles. But I'm not sure CU could support such a store. The great thing about G-mart is that if you get subscriptions or pre-order then it's 30% off those titles. If there is something they don't have they'll look it up for you." I think the service that they provide online is extraordinary but I think the C-U store itself is a little disappointing. They got some figurines price and selection are very reasonable I really wish the first room that you enter through had also been full of comics.  Why is it almost totally empty?  So many more comics could fit into this store.  I guess I just don't understand why the space seems so poorly utilized.  There could be so much more awesomeness going on here!  But there isn't."  but we had a pretty open ""whatever-you-can-find-will-be-fine"" kind of directive.  Would certainly recommend and return." Stopped by the shop with the kids after they begged to go on Comic Book Day. Extremely friendly staff helped kids pick out a few free comic books. Kids are excited to read their comics. We'll be back - they just made us new customers. This location used to be a tiny little mom-n-pop grocery/convenience store. I'm probably the only person alive who remembers that. I think I shall start peppering my Yelp reviews with reviews of things that used to be there."  Geoff converted 99.8 % of his stock to DVDs. You can probably find leftovers still being given away in the store. DVDs are also for sale here." Amazing stock of mainstream and art films (they were stocking anime on Laserdisc before it exploded)  and a helpful staff. I'm willing to go here rather than the free library because they have the best hours and the most diverse selection." Oh and check out the Best B-Movie list.  That's an amusing drunken evening just waiting to happen."  Blockbuster - Rentertainment til I die." I9iYkqmioN8MuWEB9wWxkg  but man you end up wanting to rent and watch a lot.  They always had good music playing in it too.  The other location was pretty cool too "So I caved and am jumping on the That's-Rentertainment-Is-Awesome bandwagon.  Seeing as renting movies from the dorms/library is free  all over the country. their foreign film selection is unsurpassed." I have to echo all the praise for Rentertainment that other have given it. It is one of the best rental places ever and I have never been anywhere that had a better selection. I miss it so much now that I have left Champaign. Every movie rental place should take a clue from this place." "Yeah!  Rock on rentertainment.  It's the only home-video option in C-U for the non-brain dead crowd.  Documentaries  and you even get to keep them a little longer than normal.  The staff is always friendly and helpful - one of the managers always suggests movies for me to check out.  And the BluRay section is fantastic!"  and their prices are at least half of Blockbuster. The one reason it didn't get five stars is for the people who work there.  They are sometimes friendly  it just sucks that I am back in Chicago where ironically I can not find a store that even measures up to Rentertainment." "This is the kind of place where you can browse their selection of Australian sitcoms in PAL format.  They have a section for that.  The unusual ""rental block"" system means you can pay in advance at a discount.  When it's time to check out just show them your ID and there is no need for money or charge slips." "The best video store in the world.  Wish they still had their VHS collection but there is really never been or will be a better place to go and be overwhelmed at what to rent or not to rent I kind of wish there was a way to return videos without wading into campus  hands down. It's kind of like a physical version of Netflix. They have got everything." My only qualm is with their rental prices; in an age of streaming / dirt cheap rentals from Family Video check this place out."  go to the Early American Museum in Mahomet." What prevents me from giving it 5 starts is their stupid rule that you must have a special card and meet special requirements to rent a film from them  it still has titles not available anywhere else  yet it seems to have every movie that I ask for. The employees are knowledgeable about films and they seem to be in a good mood every time. It's simple to rent there and they always meet my needs."  they have a section of PAL DVDs you can probably find it in. Rentals can be as cheap as a dollar if you buy a block (pre-pay for 15 Did I forget to say that it is a local business and they have bike accessories?"  but the time you can rent the movie for is super short and their late fees are kinda high. Totally worth it for the awesome selection though."  you suck. and don't start bitching about how you don't even live in champaign-urbana The best video store ever! They have nearly everything and the employees are extremely knowledgeable and personable! I love the play on the name.... haha ha..... I think it is great. We have visited them many times and feel comfortable with their level of service. "I bought a block my freshman year. $100 dollars for 100 movie rentals. Best decision ever.  And you will go through the entire thing in 4 years. I don't know of a better deal anywhere in terms of the cost per rental. Netflix for example costs like 10 bucks a month for unlimited rentals "The best video store ever! They have nearly everything and the employees are extremely knowledgeable and personable! I recommend buying a block. That makes the price lower and you can keep the movie longer. They even gave me a free rental on my birthday! They have about any obscure movie you would ever want to find and if they don't have it Highly recommended.  I really miss having a place like this."  convenient location if you are a U of I student or work on campus. I'm so glad this place is here!" "This place is THE BEST for rentals. Usually great availability on new stuff (abused the Blu-Ray selection  and both times they've given me a coupon for a free rental to make up for it. They also don't even hassle you if have to use a credit card for a $2.50 purchase. I've even witnessed the owner giving a guy a free rental on his birthday! Very nice local business."  anywhere) to get your home entertainment fix. I love it so much there that I even make a habit of getting 25 cent gumballs from the dispenser by the door and enjoying their stale je ne sais quoi all the way home  obscure 80s cartoons and everything else hard to find that you don't want to watch in stuttering grainy footage on youtube. If you like foreign films there is no other place  That's Rentertainment is a one of a kind. It was an incredibly useful resource when I was taking film studies classes and needing to find blaxploitation movies in order to write a research paper. Their selection in just about every genre is incredible. They have no shortage of American indies Get a block of 100 movies for $100!" But its too expensive." I love this place! Definitely recommending getting a block. The staff are kind and helpful  there Record selection is ok but how many stores actually sell Records now  but it is the only vinyl they have.  The rest of the store is a misorganized mish mash of overpriced CDs.  The store is huge  most varied used book store I've found in the Valley so far.  If you're looking in the Valley for spiritual/metaphysical/religious sorts of books in the Phoenix area (and there's a few of them there) just south of Meadowbrook Ave. Usually the store is run by Rev. Dr. John Rodgers who is a little strange but that didn't prevent me from shopping but thought the experience was creepy cool none the less." UPDATE: John and Joy closed Alpha Books this past October 21st but; the spirit lives on via  http://blackcatcurios.com/ as well as http://www.aznewage.com/" My partner specifically came here looking for tarot cards which they had in abundance. The ones he ended up liking they had to special order for him  etc. Nice staff. They have psychic readers available for readings. They have some beautiful bound journals in leather for great prices. Not a large place but very pleasant." "I have been here numerous times. Every time ""John"" is there he finds a way to insult either myself or my wife. Dont get me wrong "I am a Magickal Herbalist and this place is THE place to go for all your herbal needs.  The book selection is stellar and Joy is well...a joy.  She is very knowledgeable and more than willing to help you discover your spiritual path.  The only thing that unsettles me a bit is ""Dr."" John.  The creep factor radar was definitely up there.  He practically followed me around the store the entire time I was browsing.  All-in-all a great little treasure trove of metaphysical delights!"  I hope people will support this business in the meantime.  I know I will do so."  but that's not really their fault -- it's the stupid  construction that's been going on since the beginning of time. And the staff is great. Recommended." This store is no longer open.  It's completely empty and nobody is answering the phone or emails either. Two words for that:  Fucking Klassy." I will warn you though - this place is difficult to get to right now with all of the lightrail construction on Central. Don't let this stop you - you'll be missing out if you do!"  I'm impressed with your stamina. Weathering this construction madness and not sucking up to Blockbuster. You pack quite a wallop in that little space. I promise I won't wait until the next family reunion to drop by. In fact  in search of a film called Dementia 13.  I called ahead to verify they had it and hopped in my car.  Central Ave is still a big pain in the ass thanks to light rail construction  we've been in there at least once a week.  Bonus:  they have a water cooler right by the door.  Sweet!" If you are a movie buff this store is for you."  I repeat.... GO HERE TO FIND WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR!"  I think they have way too much John Denver era type recordings and not enough funk/soul/R&B. It's a question of personal taste and that's all. Besides that  and even cassets. The owner is avery friendly and knowledgable older cat...you will usualy find a few original rockers hanging out by the counter Don't go to this store if you are looking for 45s. They give you a book to look through and ask you to tell them what you want and tell you the prices will be $4 upwards. They then price them up using various price guides. If you have found something that is priced highly they hide it then put it on Ebay rather than sell it to you. You do all the work (the books have a total of more than 300 pages) and they reap the benefits. If I hadn't had picked out a certain $300 record that record could have lain there forever. I wasn't even offered it at any price and I would have given them a good price. I really hope Tracks in Wax continues - it's a special and magical place."  just learned of Dennis' passing.  Please continue to support this store.  It is a staple in Central Phoenix lfysf-HycrQ7Z02HuPqgKg  even though my best finds were at Revolver"  which is not so bad. I had a nice time browsing and picked up a few. The workers here were very nice and could definitely help you find anything you need! Tracks in Wax keeps retro records fun!" Used to be a serviceable record store but has become a shell of its former self.  OVERPRICED lps and the selection is almost the same as it was 10 years ago.  I am an avid collector and really find no reason to go here anymore.  and Billy Joel. They have a large selection and most of them are reasonably priced. The BF bought a sealed copy of Folsom Prison this weekend for 35$....pretty cool find. If I am seriously looking for something "I've been hanging out with my flamboyant and fabulous gay uncle a lot lately.  His heyday was in the 80's when he rocked frayed daisy dukes with tan legs and a bare furry chest and used mascara on his mustache.  Most of our time is spent dancing to 80's songs or rummaging through sale items to find good deals.  He brought me along to his favorite record store and it was such a blast from the past.  I dig it when people are really into their record collections  due to the self imposed spending limit I keep a mental list of all the records I want to go back and pick up. It's a long list. By the way  whether it be hard to find or otherwise! Laid back atmosphere with helpful staff. The only downside is that a large portion of the records are more than gently used Really no complaints!  I definitely recommend." "10 years ago--about the best used record store in Px area. Now--records in pretty bad shape and prices way too high. Not much love for music just about making money. Beware One of the most extensive selections of comics and action figures I've yet to encounter in Phoenix. Definitely check it out if you are into comics in the very least." The best part is that for each comic/graphic that is purchased over $10 you get a stamp on a frequent buyer card. Ultimately receiving a freebie.....awesome!"  be careful when trying to leave.... you have to semi reverse onto Central if you don't plan accordingly." y9cQ0DBC0qFNgkpTXHzokA  I do think their prices can be steep and I don't always think their older items are accurately described. I also think they can charge too much for variant issues when they first arrive. Their toy prices are pretty fair and you can get steals in this"  but not my style. They are great for indie and anime DUDE..where is the manga....where are the card tables. .....What the heck is this place doing selling comics! This is outrageous!  And why are you talking to me and trying to help me comic clerk! Your job is to give me a huge sigh and exasperated look as if I asked you to perform surgery. This being helpful and friendly is really bothering me. You guys are just too weird. I need to go back to Atomic. The only complaint I can offer is the music selection. It's just so wimpy and non-committal. The classic rock station? REALLY? What's the matter? The Easy Listening station wasn't coming in clearly? What a bunch of girls. Not that I want to hear hardcore Gangsta Rap or Thrash Metal while I buy my X-Men comics or anything  where the staff remembers you and what you like and can offer good suggestions. If they don't carry what you're looking for It is a cool place...and I will visit...but DCBS is probably getting my monthlies.  Shops get pretty steep discounts on these....for regulars they should be able to do better for the subscriber discount." Ended up not even picking up anything - even though their was some new releases that I wanted to read. There's better comic shops in Arizona  they leave you alone unless you need something.  Then they're all over the question.  It's perfect!" So all you comic book lovers...I am pretty certain this is the place you want to be to spend the days reading about heroes and villains. They even celebrate happy hour here." "By far my favorite comic store to purchase by Buffyverse comics! I was so tied up the last few months that I didn't get a chance to pick up the latest Buffy comics so I was driving all around town trying to get the back issues I missed for the last 7 months. I hit 3 other comic book stores before coming to this place because of their proximity. Some only had one issue left and others didnt have anymore left. I should have came to AABC from the beginning! Not only did they have all the back issues I needed they even had some variant covers available. The staff there went out of their way to check in the back for all the issues I was looking for since they were no longer on display. They must have had to really dig in the backstock room to get my issues since the guy was in the back for about 15 minutes. So worth it though! They are a bit of a distance from my house Support your local book store especially the good ones.  In the Phoenix area Very nice selection of collectibles and busts of superheroes. The store is nice and clean and carefully arranged. Silver Age  done. The staff make you feel at home but don't invade your personal space. They never act pretentious toward their customers (which is the WORST at comic book stores). Their overall comic-stock is impressive My son was excited with his birthday presents and I was very happy with the service I received at the store. Definitely recommended."  there was even a cute girl behind the counter that had all the boys drooling over her vast comic knowledge."  after wandering around a bit while the bf shops! :P" Definitely one of the best shops in the valley" y9cQ0DBC0qFNgkpTXHzokA I like this shop... lots of assorted modern and silver age consignment availability. Prices are strictly based off comic price guide. The owner is a nice guy and knows his stuff. They have different supplier than most other comic shops in the area. The store is well laid out with lots of decent deals. The store has an old used bookstore smell and nostalgic feel to it. It carries most new stuff on more limited basis than some other shops in the area. The best value of this shop is based on its consignment deals. No complaints here.  is if they had a few couches and chairs for comic collectors to hang out great customer service over the phone. i was able to order via telephone and they have it ready and shipped to me here in the bay area by tuesday" "Great shop!  All the current editions are very well organized and in alphabetical order. You really can get lost there and time can just fly by. The also have a plethora of back editions. Not as organized with that stuff  why can't Atlanta follow suit. Hmmm? Maybe I should look into opening up my own shop in the future."  and knowledgeable staff can answer any question!  Easy to find what I want and need! I feel at home at AABC"  about 10 mins later went over to samurai comics and looked up the same DC New 52 comics and found out I was ripped off at all about comics. So before you buy make sure you shop around My complaint would be that despite having tons of back issues it seems all of the good stuff is gone."  and this is the one to beat. If you are looking for a comic book store Other then that this shop is fun to be in and you see something new every time you go in." If you're looking to find a special gift for someone? All About Books and Comics is by far one of the best places to go."  awesome staff. Have been a regular for years and that is not going to stop any time soon" Great selection of new and old comics. Lots of graphic novels and old toys. Very friendly staff. Only knock is that there is sale bins and what I believe to be consigned bins that are separated but not sorted well.  yes he thought they had some . . . and he disappeared in a back room behind a door . . . and was gone for 5-10 minutes. I wondered if this old building had a dungeon archive like many old museums do. Eventually he showed up again and said that apparently they didn't have any right now. He said I should check back and he gave me a card so I could call and inquire. PHOOEY! SMASH! BAM! I'm going back in and ask so I can wallow in more childhood memories. HI HO SILVER!"  it's inconceivable to leave empty handed. I love this store and visit as often as possible." y9cQ0DBC0qFNgkpTXHzokA  41 year old Steven will be writing another review about the continued legacy of All About Books & Comics."  they had everything I was looking for and then some. Everything is in order and categorizes; no clutter or sales people guessing as to where the item you're looking for could be. I decided that AABC will get all of my business from now on Love this shop! My husband has been coming here since he was a kid and now we come whenever we can. They have always been as helpful as can be and there is always something new to check out.  but not the above book. I suppose the publisher is at fault for that kind of price  All About is not one of THOSE stores. The employees here are not a bunch of apes that are going to either ogle or look down their nose at a lady geek. On the contrary  I confided in the clerk by telling him people bought that comic just for the value/hype and the real fans (Like me) missed out! He then reached behind the counter and pulled out a copy and said ""We were holding this one for a real fan."" and he sold it to me. Made my freakin day. Looking back at those days makes me smile... and realize why I was single."  never get bored and have an endless variety to choose from. The staff is always friendly and very helpful. I appreciate how they always try to relate  with there customers rather than just saying hi and bye to everyone."  etc. The staff are friendly enough and the atmosphere is definitely that of a classic comic book store from back in the day. The ONLY real issue I have with this place is their 'variant' editions of new releases are MUCH HIGHER in price than a competing comic book shop just a few miles down the road from them. I am talking DOUBLE the price "What is more fun than your first visit to this comic book store? Going to the Marvel Star Wars launch day party with members of the Dune Sea Garrison This place is one of the best if nit the best Comic Book Store in AZ. Ive been coming here for a year and their selection is awesome and the staff is both very helpful and friendly.  Alan and Marcia are the most kind hearted people that will search high and low for any comic or collectible you desire. They and their knowledgeable staff have never missed filling my comic box every week and through the years they've gotten to know my tastes and enjoyments which enables them to give me great recommendations. I've grown to love the shop and staff so much that despite moving quite far away I've been to other comic book stores in the valley  lube and toys. Oh the toys...It's a great place to get a quick gift for a fellow sistah. The greeting cards are fantastic. Lots of undies and swimwear (WAY overpriced!). And hordes of really bad clothing. Think tight mesh shirts with really bad pleather pants. What is this Fire Island 1979? All in all I like to support this type of store. Plus there's always the sleazy element of cruising. The tshirts are fun. Staff is helpful and friendly. They're always playing thumping  with lots of emphasis on alcoholism and dysfunctional families. Perfect for me and mine." 4sIK_74UwkKU9YQXIfgCdg  the prices are not unreasonably high. But for items that are more widely available on the internet "Visited 12/31/14 by accident as I  brought my kids to the comic store nextdoor. What I found was a fantastically curated large collection of out print and rare books like something one would find in london or paris. There really is nothing like this place in new york  this is a high-end bookstore. The books in the cases start at $1000.00! The books on the shelves are $999.99 and below :-). We did find some books that were signed and/or special or first editions that did not break the bank as low as $8.00  I'm an atheist and wouldn't buy anything for ""spells"" or ""rituals"" but they offer beautiful and interesting items for decoration." "Nice selection of incense and interesting decorations  make a point to visit!" "Fantasia is easily one of my favorite ""new age"" stores in the Valley. The staff is always helpful and glad to see you and the selection is amazing - it's hard to find stores with such a wide variety of statuary. The jewelry and stone collection is also impressive. The attached Northern Winds store has a great selection of books on all topics as well as jewelry and ritual items you can't usually find. I always start here when I'm looking for something."  this place will likely have it for sale Wonderful smelling incense is sold at this place but that's not the only thing they sell.  I can still smell the essence of the incense at home even days after I burned it.   When you walk into Fantasia  you're greeted right away and everyone is very helpful and friendly.  but I cannot comment more on the topic as that wasn't my main interest for going to the store.  I would say it is definitely a worth a look though  friendly staff. Overall a very pleasant experience...but too easy to spend a ton of money due to their great selection!"  willing and wanting to help. Prices are extremely reasonable.  The only thing I haven't tried is one of the readers or psychics but I have heard nothing but amazing things about them." "I love this store. Great crystals "I have been going to this store since 1992. I had moved here from NYC and was used to going to great crystal and magic stores who catered to serious pagans and other healers in the 1980's. this store is the best in phoenix. If you're looking for books Good to know it's there and I'll definitely be sharing the info with friends!"  I go here for the incense. Sometimes I grab so oil since there a bit cheaper here. They always greet you when you come in and have some palm/tarot or whatever reader on duty. I guess its seperate but there is also a tiny bookstore inside. Once in awhile I'm in and out but with all the things they have you can't help but browse it all."  including some herbs. The staff will typically have very good answers to any questions you may have. There are classes available. There are psychic resdings. I keep going back I went here for my first time today and it was beautiful! Staff is easy to talk to and super friendly. They have so many cool things. Great shop for anybody following a spiritual path. They also offer a wide variety of classes that I can't wait to try out. Reasonably priced and comfortable atmosphere. "This is my spot to get some crystals and other metaphysical items.  They have great loose gems and some pure natural essential oils too!  Love the incense and the chakra gems.  Beautiful figurines too - Buddha "Absolutely amazing customer service. The woman there today was so helpful and I really appreciated it! Great selection  and willing to teach me about the extensive collection of minerals  make a point of stopping in and checking it out."  and willing to teach me about the extensive collection of minerals This is a great shop!" SI3pSSDeGcuY2PyJ0BII5A  CA this thanksgiving and enjoyed stopping here. Wide array of spiritual and magical goodies and tools...i did particularly enjoy there used books and crystals as well as there sweet staff. Great energy here" Great place and reasonable prices. The staff is really knowledgeable as well.  so be forewarned! The more expensive stones and decorative pieces are behind glass display cases; and there are some beauties!. They have a great selection of music  and much more. The prices were very reasonable "This place has a very friendly atmosphere. The workers were so sweet and helpful when I was asking questions. They were also very friendly with everyone that came into the shop. There were tons of books to choose from "Great selection of stones and crystals in all shapes and sizes. Knowledgeable staff. The only reason that I'm not giving a 5 star rating is because I wasn't treated too well upon checking out. After being helped with questions about their items by 2 very nice employees  unfortunately on Saturday the poor counter woman was dealing with a rude customer in a busy store. They could use more help. If you go be patient." "Great place for collectors of Egyptian and Norsk items.  They also have great psychic reading specials 20 minutes for $15.00.  I had a female that was struck by lightning survivor give me a reading.  Unique perspective and did not feel like she fed me a bunch of crap.  She also claims to be a pet psychic This is my favorite metaphysical store by far in the state of AZ. Even compared to the shops in Sedona - Fantasias selection of stones and prices can't be beat in my opinion. The staff is super knowledgeable and friendly. They are not pretentious like many other metaphysical related stores can be. They also have a nice magick herb section. I feel good about spending my energy and money here. I can't say that about many other metaphysical stores. "This was a cute and fun place. The staff were extremely helpful and I found great sage sticks  all of which fairly priced.  This is my go-to store when I am looking for a specialty stone or need a large quantity of stones for grids and gifting.  It is also the only place we were able to find amber teething necklaces for my nephew.  They also have a variety of other items The gentleman behind the counter was very friendly and asked me if I needed any help finding anything. When I left  jerkhole comic book clerk (think the Simpson's comic book guy) at Samurai. They know their product and enjoy discussing comics http://www.invisiblechildren.com/home.php"  check out Samurai; it's one of the best."  but don't hump your leg and try to hard-sell you things that you don't need or want like some of the other places in Phoenix. I recommend it to people who just want to pick up monthly titles or graphic novels  and all. I guess I'm more of an Atomic Comics kinda fan just in terms of what they offer overall."  chances are they'll know what you're talking about or know someone who does. I would very much recommend shopping here over other Arizona chain stores just for the service alone." With other stores downsizing to smaller locations it is great to see Samurai take a bold step in the right direction with a larger and better location. So "I just love the new location! Much bigger and well stocked on single issues. With the new location and great products Samurai had moved up to my second favorite comic book store in the valley. Plus they are open later on fridays which I greatly appreciate. Plus the workers at this store are very friendly and helpful much more so then other comic stores No comic book store in the Valley can top Samurai's knowledgable and friendly customer service.  Come for the comics; stay for the fun environment. Excellent customer service.  They even have signings and events.  but also gaming events for RPG's and CCG's. I visited all the comic shops when I moved here from NYC looking for a new on to feed my comic addiction  and fun gifts.  It is unusually clean with really nice salespeople.  They also have fun events periodically."  but it is still ran by the same people and still has that close-knit feel.  Come on in and see what I'm talking about!"  and helpful.  Perfect place for me to buy comics and hang around as a dork in general :)" I make it a point to come and visit & shop while I am on business in the Phoenix area. I come out from the Los Angeles area & far this is the best shop in Phoenix. Great place to look for anything.. You definitely don't have to be into comics to enjoy the place!" I love Samurai. I don't live anywhere near you guys Staff is very friendly!" Samurai Comics will be my ""go to"" place when I get the craving for comics." This is clearly a Marvel comic shop. Very little DC titles and very almost no back issues of any publisher. Staff was pretty rude. Check out Ash Avenue Comics in Tempe for a much better experience. Really can't say enough good things about this shop." Nice place! Didn't have what I wanted but would go back!  Samurai is starting to fill the void left in the East Valley by Atomic Comics.  More on the Central and West Valley in future reviews."  Samurai become a regular stop for me each week when I was going to the local YMCA to exercise. I highly recommend supporting this place. I wish I had asked about the tools that were banned from the place. Their pictures are posted by the register."  they're nice people with a great selection and they're always welcoming." Great selection of comics and card collectables!! Great service! Cool place for FNM. "This is a bigger comic book store than the other samurai stores around the Phoenix area. They have a section of new issues and issues that haven't sold out from the last couple if months. There are very few back issues. There are also lots of tables for gaming tournaments  nicely displayed. There are also many more back issues available all over the store...an A+ for the silver and bronze age offerings..my kinda stuff!"  I love the place and think it's worth checking out. 5 stars."  but here they are behind the counter.  I had to ask to select the ones I wanted--the first time they just handed me the first pack.  Not cool.  We bought what we wanted with the deal and then left." the daytime staff (aka the 'comics' staff as opposed to the weekend/ 'magic' staff who i dont really deal with) are the best in town and i love picking up my weekly books and saying hello. as opposed to the store i left  but I wasn't so sure about where 'the back' was.  So I circled around and got spot in the lot just up the street.  The shop is bigger than it looks on the outside.  Big selection- neat and organized.  I came for a specific item which was easy to locate.  The guy who worked the register was great.  He saw that I was wearing a superman t-shirt and suggested that I pick up the new DC series.  I've lived in Phoenix for a little less than 6 months  it could use some more seats.  I noticed the guys who work here aren't as nice as other shops.  I like their funko selection cuz one of the kids is really into that right now."  but lacking in back issues. Whatever back issues they have are priced on the heavy side..."  devoted fan of Samurai Comics. A few months ago I had a complaint about how a Samurai Comics Facebook post had accidentally miscommunicated the availability of a new collection which caused me to basically waste an hour and a half of my day. It was very frustrating. But to his credit "I've been back a few times since my first review and the customer service varies based on who's working.  The last 2 times I've visited  great people. I never fail to enjoy myself when I go to the store. Can't recommend them more." They hold events here sometimes since the place is big enough." I have been here one time and one time only. I will never go back. I took my two kids here since my son is into pokemon and my daughter loves my little ponies. Plus it's very close where we live. I tried to get one of the three people working to help us but they seemed more interested in avoiding helping us. My questions were answered with one word or a finger point. My daughter was able to find a couple of comics but we never did find the cards my son was pointed to. When we checked out the person behind the counter said is this it and rolled their eyes. Not the kind of experience i expected of a place geared to all ages. I was disappointed to say the least. If you are into comics or collectibles Is it cute little shops. Customer service was fantastic and the conversations with the staff we're engaging. They had a number of comic from the main distributors as well as off the beaten path publishers. The shop itself is clean and well organized so you can find your comic based on publisher or new release from that week. The only downside to the shop is that they do not carry back issues. This made up for ""no bench for old guys"" What a fun place!!!  Good employees whom obviously love their jobs! ;)  but no matter the amount of money you spend they will not throw in bags or boards and will also not work with you on pricing. They are firm and they don't care My young daughter went in looking for femal super hero comics. They have a great selection of comics and even gave her a few extra. She is so happy! Thank you! We will be back!  the back issue selection is very slim. Customer service was alright but not too helpful when I was trying to find a book in the back issues. Overall  and super helpful. All of the merchandise had fair pricing. We had a really great conversation with Jam. They seemed knowledgeable about other shops in the area. Customer service is really important to me and these guys have it. Next time we travel to Phoenix we will be stopping by." I recommend finding a better place to make your purchases."  and I left very happy. This is my go to place now. Thank you This is one of my favorite places to go to now for my pop vinyls. They have an amazing selection that has Pops I can't find anywhere else! "I've been here numerous times since my 13 year old son and husband are obsessed with comic books.... They've even got me reading them now.  It's pretty much always the same two guys working there Seriously I cannot recommend this place enough. Professional "The only comics shop I could find in Phoenix that was open late on Wednesday night (9 pm). I was visiting Phoenix on business and very happy to find a shop open this late on ""new comics day."" The store is clean and they have a huge selection of new releases. I would have given them five stars but the man at the counter who checked my out didn't say two words to me." Samurai Comics is the best comic book shop in town for new books. They have reasonable prices and don't mark up some of the variants at all or as much as other spots. They also have a lot of gaming events going on so check out their calendar. Great comic book store! Very friendly and helpful. Stephen is awesome. He introduced me to some new comics and they were great. I will be a regular there. Awesome place with a great staff. Next time I'm in town I'll be stopping by again. I've been visiting this shop ever since they were located on 7th street and camelback. Back then they only had the one store. I must say that no matter the expansions and changes they've had Samurai Comics is still such a great experience. The employees are alway on point. Very friendly and knowledgeable. The collection is huge and there all this cool merchandise to check out everywhere. I can't wait to go back! Seriously Great Selection of Funko Pops! Took my niece and everyone working was pleasant and helpful! We bought the Yelp Deal and saved a few bucks! Overall a good experience! I especially liked the fact that when we were standing by the door buying tattoos out the quarter machines the guy (cashier) stopped what he was doing to help hold the door for a disabled man. I know that seems very small but to someone who cares for her elderly disabled aunt it speaks for the person character! Thank you Sir for having the compassion to help! Especially when nowadays most places are to busy to help out! We had a fun time checking everything out & will go back just for the fact the cashier was so kind!!  are very soft spoken and it's sometimes difficult to understand them. They're often rude and have no customer service skills at all! But if you're looking for the authentic place where many artisans get their gear - you'll find it here!"  for gosh's sake.Who cares as long as they know where all the stuff is." ALSO once in a while (I'm not sure how frequently) there is a small group of Navajo women who sell frybread. They have standard stand prices (nothing over $5 - I believe) and of course have mutton stew and grilled mutton with green chili frybread sandwiches. I like their frybread with red chili... it's really good. So maybe if you're lucky - you'll go when they're there... look for a neon green sign that says ""frybread today"" along 16tth street! :)" Loving this store. It has been there for as long as i can remember. They have the best sage and other herbs. Wonderful children items and fantastic music selection.  They can answer questions you may have about certain things with complete knowledge. Lots of parking and conveniently located. It is your go to place. If you are looking for a gift for someone that has everything I think this place is worth a look." I have bought my beading supplies and gifts here for years. Nice selection of seed beads and great prices. They have unique hand crafted items for sale also. Convenient location. Friendly helpful sales associates. Valerie is the person I usually deal with. Always a pleasure to shop here. "I first became aware of this great little store by reading a review in the magazine Native Peoples several years ago. I made a purchase by telephone without physically seeing the the item. The staff's ability to accurately describe the products carried has enabled me to be a long time customer. At no time during this extended buying relationship have I ever been disappointed or not satisfied with the item and/or the buying process. Kudos to the store staff for all their patient assistance in my purchases; some which had to coordinated with craft artisans. Hearty thanks to Val  these recordings are some of the most vibrant oral histories remaining. Modern day natives can stay in touch with their lost traditions through the work of  Canyon Records. This is basically the epicenter of native american recorded music. In the present day it's kind of a grab bag of cultural gifts and a social center for like minded individuals. You can get a copy of the Navajo Times here. Besides the music section (Cd's) It's not as large as most Barnes & Noble but they are affiliated so your membership card will work here too AND they can get anything any Barnes & Noble can. Its smaller size  and little gifts that are perfect for a belated birthday gift.  Ahem.  They have a decent selection of cards which is also helpful.  Also Sorry they just closed  darn economy"  I'm not sure but the prices are always reasonable.  Most of the time I always know what book I'm going to buy when I walk in but sometimes I just want to roam around and find something unexpected.  Bookstar is the perfect size for roaming.  I've come to realize that I can't handle all the variety of the larger bookstores.  I get overwhelmed by all the options and I make rash decisions then end up loathing my purchase.  Bookstar is never crowded.  You can always find parking in one of the first couple of spots.  Sometimes less is more and Bookstar is the perfect example of that." A big selling point for this location is that it is in the Town and Country mall so you get to walk along on the cobblestone walkway everywhere. It is not a big bookstore but maybe that is what your looking for. They do sell nice gifts for that bookworm in your life (me!) and is overall an okay shopping experience. Border's isn't evil or tyrannical or malevolent but it is present and pervasive. Wherever you are  purses etc? It's a maze of epic proportions. The signage is everywhere. Hanging from the ceiling. Plastered on the wall. Signs on the register. Too much clutter makes me run out. So "This is one of the best Borders locations I've been to. It is located in Biltmore Fashion Park facing Camelback. The store is two stories and has a huge selection of books  it wants to go to Borders again. I can just feel it. Maybe I'll be real nice and take it there today..." Great place all in all to spend some 'alone' time."  always nice to walk through while walking OFF a big meal next door at Cheesecake Factory.  Good digs!" N_TlJCR5AkZhmrCDqbm2tQ  I had to wait 5 full mins before drinking it.  When I picked the cup also thought it was very light.  The cup was only 3/4 filled? WTF?  The drink was good but the service and quantity in the cup was a totally disappointment."  there's no way you could leave empty handed! Plus there have been some amazing events lately including free performances by the AZ Opera and Phoenix Symphony! Famous profiles have been booking their signings there too including Giuliana and Bill Rancic Another spot where I like to go study and check out some fresh or not so fresh material... The upstairs lounge chairs are addictive... I'll keep to the musty halls of Bookmans and Half Price Books  but mainly for those who can't hear the echoes of the crowds that used to inhabit it."  will miss it since it's going bye bye due to bankrupcy."  except I have to find another book store. Although this store is going out of business Goodbye Borders at Biltmore. I sure will miss you. Thank you for the great sales this month. Books are 40-80 percent off if you want to indulge before they shut their doors for good. This place is going out of business. I have taken advantage of the 50% to 60% off on books.  though. I was there for a 1/2 hour - even carrying around what i REALLY wanted to buy - and not  one person said a word to me."  too though. And a wee bit overpriced. I might have stayed longer So I am a snob for shopping at a small unique bookstore with merchandise that isn't typical.  Quality means more to me than quantity.  I find quality at Book Gallery.  Check it out!" I had a lovely game of when-was-it-printed judging only by a given tome's binding one Saturday afternoon at this location.  The constant discoveries of interest kept the game going for at least two hours!" Prices are very fair for the kinds of books they have."  but very fair for the quality and rarity of what's offered in this store.  Many of the books are out of print vintage treasures you're just not going to find elsewhere in town aside from the sister Book Gallery on main street in Mesa I continued looking and the man came running over to me and told me in a very harsh tone that the books in that area were not to be looked at. The area I was in just looked like a regular part of the store and there was nothing stating that the section was off limits. The man was so rude and so hysterical that it completely embarrassed me and made me feel like I was doing something terribly wrong. I told the man that he should rope off any areas he didn't want the customers to look at and he agreed. But I left feeling very angry and embarrassed and didn't purchase the books that I had intended to buy."  call the owner and he'll tell you if he has it in stock or where you'll most likely find it!" I went here to get a birthday book for a friend and walked out with 2 huge stacks of books for less than $100!  I got mostly cookbooks and the quality was great as was the prices.  I have a book addiction and am running out of space on my bookshelves but I will be back!  signed by Frank Herbert! I was ready to sign over my first-born on the spot. The only thing that kept that beautiful book off my shelf was the afore-mentioned husband  and a collection of Wallace Stegner short stories that I had never seen before. Maybe the next time I get a bonus I'll blow part of it here."  a polyglot record of civilization for the lover of gilt edges and marbled end papers.  If it's not in stock Mike's got a stack of ""Books Wanted"" requests.  He'll do his best to find it." The selection of rare books is really quite amazing. I have to give a shout-out to the man who helped me  the peaceful ambience of the store was suddenly shattered by the sound of the guy at the desk  screaming ""DON'T TOUCH THOSE BOOKS!  THOSE BOOKS AREN'T ON SHELVES!  Well then why are they stacked up here with no indication that they're off limits?  And as for shelves "Best selection of used books in the valley. Found a signed leather bound copy of No Exit here as well as an obscure book I've been looking for. Call beforehand to see if they have what you're looking for  I will make sure to stop by the book gallery."  it is usually laughable and can be eye-rolled off. Because of the constantly changing selection it is a place to visit often. It also happens to be placed in between a coffee shop and a bar with a nice patio to read on."  I can spend hours there looking through their selection and I support local bookshops as they have a hard time today."  not just bargain bin stuff but first print rarities and a huge selection of books spanning all genres.  There is something for you here - I highly recommend spending an afternoon browsing the store and buying a few books.  The owner is helpful without being intrusive  you Blockbuster managers.. I have had or witnessed an issue at this place.. scratched movies.. once I get them home.. just to go back and not even get an apology.. wow! you gave me a free movie.. the same one and you act like you did me a favor?! Ugh.. and the attitude and unprofessionalism of the peeps working there.. I mean.. seriously  the employees at this locations' pretty cool but there is this one female employee that really made me dislike this place. I came in there one afternoon wanting to buy used blu rays and little did I know they had a 5 for 20 deal that wasn't advertised. The employee that was workin that day told me that it was 4 for 20. And for 25 bucks I could get a fifth blu ray plus other snacks. I quickly jumped on that deal. Next day I came back and saw signs of the 5 for 20 deal. I felt betrayed by that liar."  he looked at me and instantly headed for the back of the store. so i got in line (and was next in line) but between the two other cashiers who were slow (mentally and physically) i waited for a loooong time and when i got to the counter i told the lady he gave me the wrong disc and she sat there dumbfounded as to how to swap the disc out No wonder blockbuster is going out of business. They arent very observant when i was needing help. they were very rude and didnt care to tell me all of the information i was looking for from them. its very dirty and not well organized.  whatever ""deal of the day"" they are having on snack items and drink combos does NOT apply to these. Too bad." "This is one of my favorite places to shop.  You can always find great book bargains "I love Half Price Books! The store is much more small and intimate than most large scale bookstores in Phoenix.  The store reminds me of a personal library someone put together rather than a place aimed at selling selling selling. Most the books Half Price sells are used Love this store - especially their clearance section. I use to shop here all the time when i lived close by. Its a smaller book store but you can find books at some of the best prices in town. I often have payed just one dollar for books by great authors. If you love books and like them cheap this is a place to check out. They do have an awesome $1 clearance section with a shit load of awesome books. If you are a Dean Koontz fan "This store is my new obsession.  I go to the one by Target in Paradise Valley.  I can spend an hour in there  nature and some technology.  I also love stopping in there so I can grab those free bookmarks they have at the register.  Also have a cd  but you'd be getting rid of them anyway so you might as well reap the 50 cents and put it toward your next purchase. Wonderful place to kill an entire afternoon."  the store is very clean and organized and overall a fantastic book store!"  etc.  this is the place...."  not to mention they have a great selection of regularly priced used books... have even found deeply discounted new books in the front part of the PV store.  But by far I enjoy the clearance section the most-- I head straight back there usually Looking forward to my next trip in."  great prices especially on classical literature and history.  Good for home schoolers needing unabridged copies of books." Perhaps HalfPrice Books would do well to offer a tiered trade in program.  If they do not wish to part with their ""cash money""- continue offering a pittance in cash  small place that packs the books Records and so much more into one lovable place.  These stores are few now so the ones that are left should be appreciated.  I hope I don't ever have to explain to a young kid what a book store was like." My father-in-law had run in to the same problems  especially children's book and comics.  I also like the superstation one for it's record selection.  I haven't find specific attractions for me at Camelback bookstore check out their architecture or photography sections. you can get travel books for cheap too!"  I would recommend - other than buying some of their staff a clue - having a ""celiac"" book descriptor somewhere in the shelves. It's nearly impossible to find a book about celiac (and I'm pretty sure there *are* books about celiac) in HBP. Not the best place to go if you're looking for non-fiction books about celiac: lights on  which is what I like to read. I always am able to walk away with 5 titles that look really interesting and are bestsellers. Their new release section also always has some fantastic titles.This is a really great place to get classic books that would be on a high school reading list also  some of the prices are higher than some other places but great selection  these people are such cheapskates it's not even funny. The best they could offer for at least around 60+ dollars of books and video was around $8. Ridiculous  I usually do my buying and selling elsewhere." Mint copies of Essential Pepin (66% off list including the DVD) and Michel Richard Happy In The Kitchen (75% off) and located within walking distance.  I'll be back.  Soon.  Particularly to dig through the vinyl.  you're never rushed and I find something I love every single I visit." Wow!  Nice to see a bookstore that's not too over priced!  The staff was friendly.  I found some unique gifts for the holidays which didn't break the bank.  Lots of used books to choose from and new ones too.  The vinyl section was cool too! The staff was very friendly and I spent about 45 minutes in the store browsing the different sections and reading from various books. There was a coffee and hot chocolate station that I did not take advantage of because I was scared I would have stayed there for hours. From now on I will bee checking out this store first  when I need to purchase a book for their discounted prices without the used book store smell!" Excellent source for vinyl Great location.  Good vinyl record source  VHS (I kid you not) and other electronics and paper products. The best part is that they also buy your old books! Will you get a lot of money for them? No way. Sadly They may not have exactly what you are looking for but it is always worth doing a quick pop in to see. You never know what you may score. Ding! Turn the page."  hard cash. Who doesn't love cash? We recently moved and had a lot of entertainment items we no longer needed/wanted. I decided to try Half Price Books and was pleasantly surprised. They mainly carry books (a whole lotta books) but have some movies  they will rip you off. They will give you 1$ for a hardback book and sell the same one for 20$ the next day. Try Zia record exchange when selling dvds  and I have always found what I needed."  weighed down with the anticipation that you know you're going to get screwed on what they'll pay you. Most of my experiences there have shown the employees to be either a touch condescending Very helpful staff w/ selling and inventory. Will definitely come here again! One of our favorite stores. Great prices. My kids (ages 5-12) love going to this store. It's such a treat to come out with arm loads of books! "This place is just awesome!!  I buy all of my D&D books here and most of my other books too.  The kids section is pretty cool and they have little toys and crafts that you wouldn't find at most other places.  The people who work here are awesome!!  I have never found anyone to be condescending or hard to approach.  Sure  great store with decent prices.  I like to get calendars here because it's a lot less $ than anywhere else.  We also like to root through the vinyl albums and have purchased many.  Make sure you check the condition  I love reading books so any type of book I can get my hands on I'm happy. They have all sorts if authors new and used books. Collectors editions "I love this place! An amazing staff! I can always find something interesting to read and check out. And always what I'm looking for! Movies Side note you can bring your old books in here and get $$ or trade for new ones!" The staff was friendly."  Australia); Sara Gruen's Water For Elephants; Lahaye/Jenkins' Left Behind; Tim Lahaye's Revelations Unveiled; Michael Ondaatje's The English Patient; Alice Sebold's The Almost Moon; Lisa See's Dreams of Joy (hardback); and many more that were in very good condition." I would give this store a five-star review except for one thing that I find very irritating. They are trying to sell a pirated Pink Floyd Saucerful of Secrets record for $150 Plenty of parking and easy to find next to Target." "My new favorite little bookstore! I'm a total instant gratification person and like actually going to the bookstore and browsing rather than ordering online but still like to pay the online price...if you are like me...you will love this place! Great prices   I also bought their book bag  - bib*li*o*ma*ni*ac - for $1. My biggest problem is with donating/selling my books. It's like parting with good friends. If you have not been to Half Price Books - 'try it; you'll like it '. The staff is very helpful." "I love looking around this store. The selection is great Great hidden place for books. Huge variety of books. Usually places like this have older books but the books here were current and in excellent condition. Will be back. Excellent used book store. We must support our book stores. They are disappearing at a very fast rate. Some of our children may never learn to read cursive because they are not teaching it in some schools. Some children are not going to experience music or art because of the same reason. Paper newspapers are declining. I pray that the day never comes when I will not be able to feel the paper of the book I am reading.  etc. you can bring them in here. Staff is always friendly and they have such good selection on books!" (Watch out for the swarms of kids on the weekends.  They come to hang around all day playing Pokemon and can really crowd the place.)"  located across the street from Paradise Valley Mall." I love all the in-store appearance by artists and actors." This is usually what I endure when I walk into Atomic Comics. I went to All About Books and Comics and the employees actually knew which comics arrived this week on the top of their head. They   knew which ones sold out and that was rare because the issue I wanted was usually on the shelf in multitudes. They were in great condition.  They were pretty normal everyday people who read comics as a hobby as opposed to being these weird emos who were more into manga." Own filed for bankruptcy. Locked the doors. No notice. Just left a note on the door. If you've preorder comics with Atomic Comics please contact Samurai Comics at (602) 265-8886 they have worked with Diamond to get your shipments. If your are looking for a small cafe and bookstore to hang out with some friends or just relax in yourself than this location is perfect. It stays nice and quiet and there is usually a musician of the night offering some free entertainment on the weekends.Get your read on for free and enjoy some delicious coffee.  you get coupons on a regular basis - which reminds me: today I have a coupon for 40% off any item in the store - now  but if you sign up for their great discount card plan you get a 10% discount! and free shipping on online orders! how awesome is that?"  months....maybe a year would cost you 30 bucks....so naturally you figure if you get 20% off the book you would save yourself 7 bucks or so right. Well that is normally true but now all of sudden that book is 40 bucks and 20% off then sends it right back to the 30 dollar price you have been seeing it for all along.....and in fact with tax it will be a lot more than that. So just be careful and watch for that people but continue to Eat I am certainly saddened that this location is no longer available." "I drove by this location earlier today and was a little sad that they were closed for good... then I realized 