"It's a used media store chain. Not to much to say about it. I usually shy away from these places because they run the independent stores out of business. I still stand by that but I gotta say that no matter which one of these I walk into "I think I might open a store theres this boxish thing near the register that fuuull of 7 inches and some odd cds. they have the most awesome artwork and i like to look through them. but i never buy any cause i've never heard of any of the bands..."  Paul's is incredibly dense. They have this unique carding procedure where they keep all the new CDs behind the counter and you bring the card up to the counter to get it. They usually have an amazing used CD selection as well. Plus  it was time for the final test... having a chat with the staff.  The experience was good - they are friendly and very knowledgeable  and full of everything you could desire really.  Great selection.  Knowledgable staff.  It's truly one of the best things bloomfield and pittsburgh has to offer" If I can't buy my CDs straight from the band  Karl Hendricks runs his business just like he plays: with passion and creativity." Soundcat Records is a great shop with a well curated new LP section. The prices are spot on as well. What I love about this store is learning something new everytime in enter it. The owner and employees provide a wealth of knowledge and suggest great music. The best selection of new LPs at a great price. The used selection is curated well and very affordable. I love the vibe and I am so happy to have this store in my neighborhood. I have been buying records from this building for the last 20 years.  I was so happy when I heard that Karl Hendricks was taking over the space.  I feel like the selection has gotten even more fine tuned.  They have a wonderful selection of obscure vinyl.  And every one in the store is always so helpful.  Every time I go there I see one of my friends!!!  I love this place. "They didn't have a huge selection but the store was clean and super easy to navigate.  A miss this time Superb selection of used vinyl and a well curated new vinyl selection as well. Loved the quasi pontification of the store clerk as well. Everything you expect from a record store and then some. A gem. I have been shopping here for 15 years and this place is absolutely amazing. It was formerly known as Paul's and it was a great store back then but I think Sound Cat is even better. They have a really good pulse on just about every music genre so the selection is very well curated. This store is a vital part of the community and with record stores closing left and right we should not take a place like this for granted. Cancel your Spotify account and support people who put their hearts and souls into keeping music alive. It's a nice place if you're just browsing but I was a little disappointed by the selection. Overall "It's been a while since I've been here (maybe back when it was called Paul's) but I remember this place standing out as far as record shops go. It was super organized with easy to browse cards in place of the actual discs (for some  with clear labels and open aisles so you can stop and browse through without blocking traffic. Kyle found a special edition Green Day album for an excellent price last time we came and purchased it immediately. I have my eye on a few things myself I'll stick to using the store to browse and for gift ideas for the time being." This location has a Starbucks in the center of the bookstore that really gets packed at times.  It is a popular place for friends to meet for a cup of coffee and a chat."  and that makes it solidly A-OK."  if you can find them. Bathroom is clean-ish."  so it's easy to give any B&N a glowing review.  This one in particular is one of my favorites in the Charlotte area (vs. the locations at Carolina Place Mall and off the corner of Sharon Colony).  The reason being is that it's one level  but hadn't gotten a chance to read one. Barnes and Noble had the Foxfire Christmas book at a reasonable price I guess the point of my review is more about professionalism on the job... Happy with the store as a whole Why would I pay $13 more for a book I could buy from the website- & get free shipping? B&N better wake up & price match.  but goodness... Won't be returning because of rude staff. Was told I wasn't allowed to move a table because they needed to push a cart through fHovFhbYJcy6y4oosMhM_A STR: 2812  REGL 001 TRN: 5460 CSHR: Justin S"  and on others I felt like I was flipping through a fourteen year old girls CD collection.  However Just the kind of people that should be running places like this."  and might be back to get some tapes for my '99 subaru.  :)  Also sells DVDs movies etc." "I was not very impressed at all when I recently went in to check out the used record selection. Many of the pop rock titles seemed overpriced for their condition. This store does not seem very picky about what is selected to sell  including the whatever Beatles records in the ""collectibles"" box are beat to heck (and five times the price they should be for the condition). They didn't put records in plastic sleeves. Beat 80s pop records that should be $1-2 in NM NM shape are $6.50  but I would have have to agree with other Yelpers that most of the records are in pretty poor condition. They also have VHS movies  then I'd bring some air filtration apparatus along with you.  And the record sleeves on the damper side of the shop had water damage.  Beware!  But check it out." "I'll agree with other reviewers that the atmosphere of this store may be pretty off-putting. It's basically just a dimly-lit rundown shack. A few years ago I vowed never to return due to an overwhelming bad odor inside. But I recently tried it one more time and had a better experience. Despite the atmosphere  and knowledgeable. cheap records! hipsters stay away! see you next year Resale! Hope you're still there!!" For me I like digging and getting a little dirty to find pure vinyl gold." Make a trek one weekend and check it out - it's an anachronistic little slice of the rock and roll life."  there Record selection is ok but how many stores actually sell Records now  but it is the only vinyl they have.  The rest of the store is a misorganized mish mash of overpriced CDs.  The store is huge  I think they have way too much John Denver era type recordings and not enough funk/soul/R&B. It's a question of personal taste and that's all. Besides that  and even cassets. The owner is avery friendly and knowledgable older cat...you will usualy find a few original rockers hanging out by the counter Don't go to this store if you are looking for 45s. They give you a book to look through and ask you to tell them what you want and tell you the prices will be $4 upwards. They then price them up using various price guides. If you have found something that is priced highly they hide it then put it on Ebay rather than sell it to you. You do all the work (the books have a total of more than 300 pages) and they reap the benefits. If I hadn't had picked out a certain $300 record that record could have lain there forever. I wasn't even offered it at any price and I would have given them a good price. I really hope Tracks in Wax continues - it's a special and magical place."  just learned of Dennis' passing.  Please continue to support this store.  It is a staple in Central Phoenix lfysf-HycrQ7Z02HuPqgKg  even though my best finds were at Revolver"  which is not so bad. I had a nice time browsing and picked up a few. The workers here were very nice and could definitely help you find anything you need! Tracks in Wax keeps retro records fun!" Used to be a serviceable record store but has become a shell of its former self.  OVERPRICED lps and the selection is almost the same as it was 10 years ago.  I am an avid collector and really find no reason to go here anymore.  and Billy Joel. They have a large selection and most of them are reasonably priced. The BF bought a sealed copy of Folsom Prison this weekend for 35$....pretty cool find. If I am seriously looking for something "I've been hanging out with my flamboyant and fabulous gay uncle a lot lately.  His heyday was in the 80's when he rocked frayed daisy dukes with tan legs and a bare furry chest and used mascara on his mustache.  Most of our time is spent dancing to 80's songs or rummaging through sale items to find good deals.  He brought me along to his favorite record store and it was such a blast from the past.  I dig it when people are really into their record collections  due to the self imposed spending limit I keep a mental list of all the records I want to go back and pick up. It's a long list. By the way  whether it be hard to find or otherwise! Laid back atmosphere with helpful staff. The only downside is that a large portion of the records are more than gently used Really no complaints!  I definitely recommend." "10 years ago--about the best used record store in Px area. Now--records in pretty bad shape and prices way too high. Not much love for music just about making money. Beware 