 but by the way my fingers bled I'm not so sure about their tools.." "Love my nails! Ask for Kat...she's awesome! The decor is nicer than most nail salons. They have a wide selection of colors. Had a coupon for $20 gel manicure which was a plus. Whenever I'm on this side of town Don't bother making an appointment for this place. Made an appointment for 3 o'clock and sat there for an hour and still didn't get help. Ended up leaving to go to another place. I just had one of the best pedicures I've ever had. The service was great. Incredible attention to detail. I could tell she truly wanted to do a good job and wanted me to enjoy the pedicure and relax. I did! I will definitely come back here.  and not overpriced. I was not disappointed. The staff was very professional and not rushed. Many friendly regulars walked in while I was there. Will definitely return if I'm in town again! $20 well spent." "I've always had great service here. There have been a lot of changes to the space recently to make it more relaxing. The staff is polite  if you are offering ""discount"" for customers paying in cash you have no reason to be a snot! Give me a break! The 2nd time I had the same snotty tech and she was just as expected-snotty! The pedicure was a joke and they basically do a quick rub and no true callus removal at all. The dryers they use for the gel manicure are old and trashy and have a handmade taped cardboard piece in the middle of it to help you place your hands correctly so that the gel actually adheres. Well guess what My only complaint about the pedicure is I wish the massage lasted longer." I got a manicure and had my eyebrows waxed from Bella a few weeks ago and it was great! She was sweet and did a great job. The location seemed clean and I went on a Monday and didn't have to wait even though I didn't have an appt! Love this place! The prices are great and if you pay with cash it's a few bucks cheaper!  They take their time and the polish last! I've been coming here for years. At least 4 and I've always loved it until today. This is the last time I visit this establishment. 