 and killer ambiance.  Dark and romantic.  Really good moody alternative music playing in the background.  Comfy booths that make you want to linger over dinner for hours.  I guess the story is that it is supposed to resemble the smokehouses of the Netherlands?  I can't comment about that because I have never been to the Netherlands We had already eaten a big dinner so we didn't go there but even a cursory glance at the menu left me inspired to come back soon. And I'm sure their cuisine won't fall far from the Richardson's tree The food is rich and awesome- I especially like their seafood selections."  comfortable and makes you want to stay.  They offer ""Small plates"" so you can try a different assortment of foods.  OR have a ""bigger plate"" for a full meal.  I had the skewers on my last visit and I think I will order them again.  SUPERB!"  this works. If you want a nicer place to grab drinks with people who will appreciate the menu  but not too pricey. You must go at least once in your life." I really enjoyed myself here.  The atmosphere is really cool.  My girlfriend says the smell of the burning fireplace reminded her of Aspen... you could smell the wood burning when you pulled into the parking lot.  The service was excellent and the food was also very good.  We ate downstairs at the bar and chose a few things off the small plates section of the menu.  They also had a lot of fresh fish choices on the specials board.  I would definitely come back here again.  along with additional entrees.  We got a large plate as an appetizer (the garlic dish) and it ended up taking over as the main dish.  It was divine and very unique for Phoenix.  The wine list is great because it has some inexpensive selections that you can get in two-glass pitchers.  And like Richardson's this place offers the famous GCP (green chile potato).  Mmm  but it is really cozy. There was a real fire in the fireplace which gave it a log cabin type of feel.  I will definitely be back." There were two things not to like.  1- The couple sucking face behind us on the couch.  I don't understand why grown adults have to act like teenagers in restaurants.   2- The roach that was crawling across the bar that my husband had to kill.  To thier credit  listening to great tunes and sipping a fabulous blueberry lemon drop or sophisticated glass of wine and there is no better place to be in Phoenix.  So unique from the big flashy restaurants smattered up and down Scottsdale.  You can dine upstairs Downfall: too pricey for what it is  we finally flagged down another waiter and asked him. I do love the ambience...but will the ""lodgey"" feel be appropriate when it's 110 degrees outside? The food is good Unfortunately the reason why this place  has gone down hill is because it's no longer what it used to be. this was not an inexpensive meal  but it would also make for an intimate first date. Great beers on tap if you don't want to check out their more than adequate wine list. I think it's the same menu for lunch and dinner. Both the main dining room (on the ground floor) and the basement bar come equipped with fireplaces and comfy furniture with those signature toss pillows. Warning: if you're wearing a skirt and you have to slide into the ultrasuede booth I can't wait to return for their ""small plate"" and $7 glass of wine happy hour."  no way!  Too much good food.  Perfect place to go for special occasion or anytime.  Service was great and friendly on our visit and I would love to go again real soon "I could go on and on about this place but seems like everyone has already done that so i will say the Rokerji is fabulous. Upstairs is very upscale with a gourmet fare that will knock your socks off I've heard mixed reviews from friends about their entree dishes.  They're a bit expensive.  We usually order a bunch of tapas dishes and share.  The last time we went we had four or five tapas and a bottle of wine.  We spent $60 or so with tip for the three of us and all left with a full stomach and a little hammered.  Great way to start the evening."  try the upstairs dining room.  There isn't anything bad about this place......... well  really great stuff. The food is a bit pricey but you get a salad with most meals which is a rare thing these days. So overall Rok is a great spot to impress someone you want to make out with."  if you're a business dinner or casual night in Central Phoenix the Rokerji is a can't miss."  and some food loving friends to Rokerij and I hope you'll enjoy it as much as we did!"  asiago cheese and drizzled with an onion sauce and accompanied by mashed potatoes served in a green chile. A stunning combination of flavors -- spicy If you are not in the mood for a sit down  they're fun and deee-lish. The music is played by an ibook/ itunes and I even heard Pete Rock & CL Smooth. That brought me back to ....92? Rad! Take Chris C's advice. You can totally make out with someone here. Flawless."  but it will forever be my favorite ""first date"" restaurant." Tell them Roseann sent ya. They just learned I can have fun. I've been goin since they opened. I guess I just don't drink enough alcohol for them to see the fun side. Oh well. What can I say? Hangovers just don't cut it anymore. Although  the food is always consistent and the staff is absolutely wonderful. Make this a staple in your week Rokerij I want to love you. There are a lot of folks on Yelp that love you but I have to say that for food you have not impressed me." 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg  the whole fine-dining thing is completely overrated."  but wear your headlamp!"  the cozy booth and warm atmosphere gave me cause to want to go back again.  And p.s....how could I forget!?  THE best caesar salad EVER. I'd go back just for that."  just don't sit in my seat at the bar." The bartenders downstairs are AWESOME and are always ready to make an enthusiastic recommendation if you can't decide. The music played downstairs is awesome too. EVERYTHING about this place is a awesome. My first night here was nothing short of PERFECT!!!!" I LOVE this restaurant. Perfect for a romantic dinner.  but it didn't make up for the poor delivery of food and the problem with solving issues that we had. I have only had the small plates from Rokerij. This trip I decided to try some of their ""New Mexican"" offerings.  My appetizer order  but cannot wait to return!  Very cool with the rock and copper features and leather couches.  We sat at the bar and were served drinks that you pour yourself.  Is this a new trend?  He gave us little glass bottles of tonic and coke with little spoons to stir our drinks with.  Those little spoons were so cute I was almost tempted to put them in my purse.  If another couple hadn't been hogging the fireplace the whole time  I'd say our experience was 3.5 but I'll round up for now because Lindsay was a great waitress and we had fun with our friends.  I'll overlook the fact that one of the bussers spilled steak juice on me when delivering our entree... I won't rush back but I'll keep Rokerij in mind for future gatherings with small groups."  amazing appetizers don't miss the roasted garlic plate and the charcuterie platter) and the ambience can't be beat. I can't think of a better way to spend a winter evening then being posted up in the club chairs around the fire there with a vodka and soda in hand and a garlic plate on the hearth. We need more places like the Rokerij in Phoenix!"  there are about 12 other options and all of the ones I have tried have been excellent. Steven is the regular bartender and is extremely courteous.  The music is also a highlight  it is dangerous that this place is so close to my work. This time we had to sit at the bar upstairs because the one downstairs was packed. I really love the open kitchen. You can watch them prepare all of your food right there in front of you. Our bartender was awesome  and steak tacos. Everything was delicious you definitely get your moneys worth here! The only thing I didn't like is that they didn't have a martini menu and the bartenders didn't know how to make any of the drinks I wanted except for bacardi and diet . I loved the atmosphere it was upscale yet down to earth and the food was amazing. Where else can you get bacon wrapped shrimp for $5?"  food is excellent- price is not....."  but I prefer the food at richardsons. This is more of a steak place and very good steaks. The bar is great and a very nice place to go for fun." We were stuffed when we left. We will definitely be back." I've tried to hit the happy hour a few times but the happy hour prices are limited to those seated at the hard-to-get bar seats.  If you are not there early Conclusion - come here for happy hour drinks and appetizers. Skip coming here for a meal  but its certainly not a bad value either.  This is a classy place that I wish I could use for special occasions - if only they did a little more chicken.  Nobody's perfect When we walked out I noticed that they have a dinner special for 2 written on the chalk board just before you walk into the restaurant. You each get to choose a cut of beef (I think there were about 4-5 to chose from)  service and food had gone down hill. The last visit was so bad that I decided to call and talk to Phil. Who never even apologized for the bad service and food. His commit was ""thanks"". I will never eat at Rokerij again. The bad thing is that I have referred tons of people there and now I will tell millions not to go there. Good Job Phil keep up the good work." "Love this spot. Could be the fact that I live around the corner or could be the spot on food. They have 2 happy hours with $5 dollar apps that are enough to keep you full. I always sit downstairs. I call it my ""dungeon"". Pretty tricky to get up the stairs after a few cocktails  and don't worry about the crowds...just call ahead and reserve a table in the basement and you'll enjoy your relaxing evening."  and for a time I'd visit once every two months or so. My previous three visits have not gone so well; I'll relate my latest visit which took place just over a week ago. A friend attempted to make reservations for two on a Thursday. He was told that due to a policy change by  Richardson  I've been a big Richardson's fan since back in the day and love the Rokerij as well. I've been going there since literally before it opened (the dry run) and have always had good food and service that ranges from acceptable to great with one notable exception. On that occasion I called and complained just to make the manger aware and she made it right and made it impossible to complain any further. This is an insider place that I tell and take out of town business guests to as well. Although I liked it more before the remodel when it was a bit more formal and different from Richardson's. Now the menus are much more similar but Rokerij has tapas items  so it's a drive but its worth it. Great place to take out of town friends and dont miss the downstairs bar. We need more places like this in town Great experience overall - I will return!"  and not too much damage on the wallet. We got out of there for $60 plus a tip. One of my new favorites. Interesting note; my Dad said if I didn't pull him in here  and their red chile is completely heads and shoulders above their green (although I am spoiled for green chile as I am in NM 10-15 times a year).  The pork adobada looked really good How do people sit by the fire in the cellar when it is 110* outside?"  not too strong or too sweet.  The dirty Stoli martini was even better....oh how I love a good martini!  Then he took the reigns with our drinks after that.  My friend had a chocolate martini and then something that tasted like a raspberry creamsicle.  Both were sweet but delicious!  And I had a blueberry lemondrop and an appletini.  Don't judge me on the appletini!  I just wanted a green drink!  They were all good and we were in reverse happy hour so we got the tenderloin skewers and bacon wrapped scallops for $5 a plate.  They were huge bites for only $5 a piece and I loved the sauces that came with it.  I'm coming back for sure  so I am always excited when I see it on a menu anywhere here... and done right.. Not just some hummus or dip tossed on a plate and one calls it a 'tapas':-) I didnt have any of the small plates tonight... I was full truly from the pre dinner events.. BUT had to have the pork enchiladas.. and everyone else had the adovada... Mine was awesome  we were sad to hear that they are not doing the reverse happy hour late night that we frequent to often. Where are we going to go now? Anyone have suggestions for a new late night happy hour with great food?" Definitely go downstairs and hang out in the basement.  Very loungy and killer peeps to chat with.  Food is just amazing." We will return to the cellar bar for drinks and to Dicks hideaway for dinner and continue to anxiously await the reopening of our beloved Richardsons." 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg "This is a friendly bustling neighborhood-type place which I love.  The three stars only are for having fish on the menu that isn't up to the standards of their beef dishes and apps. Sea bass smothered in a sweet and sour sauce with chiles Rokerij is a true neighborhood hangout with unique food Again--don't even bother dining upstairs. Enjoy the dark cellar Sooo.. that's what I think.. the Rokerij is  a great date place (but only plan on bringing someone you are really into otherwise later when you break up you may have an embarrassing encounter there) and perfect for the holidays!"  with a great downstairs bar. The decor upstairs is unique too. Serving Richardson's menu in the meantime  but I'm holding off until I finally dine in the main restaurant and enjoy one of their delicious sounding entrees."  find one of the 4 tables downstairs in the small bar.  There is no doubt this is the place to wind down from a busy week." 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg The word is that the neighboring DQ is going to be torn down to make room for the rebirthed Richardson's. Woo! Between Rokerij and Richardson's  two or even three for a reasonable price. I had seared ah-tuna and mushroom-brie mini bruschetta toasts for my small plates and they were perfect! They also have great salads. They place is usually crowded and especially on a holiday evening even more so and noisy so if you are looking for quietness  you'll need to go elsewhere.  I don't know why they don't stay open later."  I will leave you with a story you would only get at a restaurant chain that has burning embers in its web address. I was dining with co-workers on a business lunch and one of our party was approached by the waitress with an apologetic look on her face. She told him that she was sorry but that his order fell into the fire in the oven and that she had forgot what it was (The Mahi Mahi Sandwich) and needed to get the order it again. What? Really?! Yes  even better they took reservations for our party of 4. Overall its a great way to break out of the rut. Wish they'd opena lunch place with lighter offerings downtown." not difficult in that it's in an off the wall location or intricate to get to but signage is minimal and its not surrounded by much. If you park in the back and come in through the door that says customers entrance be prepaired to think you walked in through the kitchen becasue you kind of  and our bill was 100!  (2 entrees a bottle of wine and 1 appetizer)  When we got home my beau was up all night throwing up.  It was horrible!  In their defense after calling several times  cell phone service downstairs is pretty obscure... at least on AT&T and t-Mobile networks."  I will definitely be going back many more times." Ate here while in town on business. A local friend took us and the food was delicious! Really fun atmosphere - perfect for friends catching up with one another. The service was quite slow but friendly. I would love to go back and wish we had this restaurant back home! i can say that the jalapeo and rokerij benedicts are killer as well. great enchiladas...  i could go on and on."  that I needed to head back sooner rather than later. I've been thinking about it all week "Loved Richardson's and have loved Rokerij in the past. The downstairs cave bar is still a cool hangout!!!  But their food has really dropped off. I've been there twice in last 2 months with large groups and both times the apps have been disappointing as have the entrees. I think management just isn't paying attention. However  it's love.... without the constant arguing :)" We will definitely be going back for dinner.  It seems like the ideal location for a romantic evening.  The servers were attentive and friendly." I wish I lived in the neighborhood behind the Rokerij I would be there every night!" "My friend and great dinner companion visited Rokerij and was I in for an unexpected wonderful night of food.  I heard about this place but never really believed the food was this delicious.  We ordered  and shared best of two worlds: the porterhouse steak with mashed potatoes and roasted eggplant and the swordfish with the green chile sweet potato and broccolini.  With Sunday night's half off bottle of wine I have been coming to Phoenix for the last 6 years for work and how I missed this place I will never know.  Went to dinner with a girlfriend last night and the food was amazing!  Very crowded but we found spaces at the bar.  Service was fantastic and the atmosphere was awesome.  I will definately spend more time at this place. We will DEFINITELY go back again as there are a TON of unique and interesting menu items. And NEXT TIME I AM BRINGING my camera!"  and hopefully with one or two friends. The cellar is not really friendly for large groups."  so I was excited about Rokerji.  The placed looked just like Richardson's.  Some of us ordered off the Rokerji menu and some of the Richardons.  Not as good as I've had in the past and it is expensive.  Service was unfriendly." The only thing we have not done yet at the Rokerij is the late night happy hour....maybe this week!" We will definitely be back for half priced bottles of wine and happy hour very soon!"  definately time your trip for this.    Between the terrific atmosphere and the excellent happy hours That's what happens when you go into a bar with no windows!!! You lose track of time...inhibitions out the window... it becomes a black hole with food and wine and friends... it just sucks you in to this vortex of happiness. Rokerij you are my new drug!"  and prices are only good if you are sitting at one of the bars (there is one upstairs and one downstairs).  The bartenders upstairs are attentive and for the most part friendly but not nearly as good as the bartenders downstairs.  They make you feel at home and will do everything to try to accommodate you and your party.  The new Richardson's is opening soon next door and we are looking forward to trying that.  But our heart is with Rokerij."  which is different than traditional mexican food.  Traditional mexican is one dimensional All in all a terrific dinner.  Service is charming and very friendly and the drinks and food are very satisfing  dark and quaint . The food was amazing!! Real New Mexican style. Chips and home made Guacamole...fabulous!! All plates came with homemade fresh beans. My husband had the Cheese Relleno  and I had the Advodaca This remains one of our favorite restaurants. We try and go late-night on Fridays and head to the basement so we can see our favorite bartender Steve.  The food is even better now that we can get the Richardsons menu!  I can't wait until the Richardsons restaurant opens up next door...and I hope there is a patio in our future.  and food with no flavor other than hash or ancho chilies. I love chilies and I know that new mexican cuisine incorporates this ingredient a lot but that is all we tasted in all 4 of our different dishes. The cooks need to learn about portion control and tasting before serving. Very disappointed."  plus 2 apps & 4 entrees. So I guess it wasn't too bad price-wise but my dad thought it was way too expensive. Maybe because he was footing the bill? Well I highly recommend this low key spot!"  and it was surprising that none of the food there was HALF as good as what Rokerij provided. After a few samples  which was fabulous.  The pork is first smoked before they simmer it in red chile until it is tender to the point where you barely even need to chew it.   Only complaint with the joint would be that they keep it a little on the dark side.  I felt like I was squinting to see everything despite the fact that it was in the middle of the day." asparagus and sweet potato) And if you have friends like mine that are a bit boisterous (you know who you are) the banquet room creates a nice buffer between your party (literally) and the more sedate diners.  The menu has some less traditional items- like the twice baked sweet potato served in a chile...MMMMM. Or the shredded crab meat that tops the steak...This is a Phoenix institution- and a must try.  You can't call yourself a Phoenician if you haven't dined here."  and had good mood music playing. It would be a wonderful place to bring a date you would like to impress! We had a bottle of Shiraz wine Parking is a little tricky but well worth it!" This meal is well worth the awkward night following P.S. Remember to always make reservations for diner."  my friend and I shared the Ahi Tuna with wasabi salsa and soft shell tacos. The Ahi was perfect  onion rings and prime rib and brie cheese toasts...all were delicious!" Downstairs bar is an absolute favorite.  Great small plates and even better service.  I love their stemware. :)  but it was a very busy Saturday night..  Great food and atmosphere.  Especially downstairs.  Had dreams of a winding staircase."   I have a comment about the size of the small plates (especially the steak skewers). They used to be decent size.  If I'm paying $25 for three plates I would expect more "I'll admit that I spend more time at the downstairs bar for 1/2 price wine night (Sun. Mon. Tues) than upstairs.  They also have a great $5.00 small plate special during happy hours and reverse happy hours.  The food is good  but some of the girls were in cranky moods. I jsut suggest when you have a larger party - I wouldn't leave them waiting - i know you are a super succesful and busy restaurant - but we all mattter!"  or looking to close a business deal.  Suggesting The Rokerij (pronounced RO-ker-ee) will impress your guests and show that you have both class and impeccable taste."  and (3) they should get their ego in check - I get that you have a long list of people waiting for tables at your restaurant - but the next time I have a special event I will be going to one of the dozens of restaurants in the valley and receive the level of service that should come with the ambiance and food."  but well worth the wait my friends."  roaring fire.  When you are in the Rokeril you can forget that it is a seething inferno outside.  The only reason that I am giving them a 4 instead of a 5 is that their cuts of meat seem to be fattier than I am accustomed to...my SO and I have noticed this with both beef and lamb cuts.  Overall a fantastic dining experience though...and we are both always happy to diner here."  staff amazing. Loves." Highly recommended! :)"  Monday and Tuesday all bottles of wine are 1/2 price.  And they have some excellent wines. The other time is regular happy hour all week from 3-6.  For me  so now you get the great decor and TWO menus!  All of the cheaper items we ordered were top notch.  Friendly folks.  Took our reservations This place is never disappointing! Lots of choices in Phoenix but this is definitely a must!" "Why decide between pork loin eggs benedict and beef tenderloin eggs benedict when you can have one of each? They come smothered in jalapeno hollandaise and served with beans Love this place and it's food!! Must sit in the bar area downstairs to fully appreciate the atmosphere.  these aren't the types of meals you can make at home; which is a big reason I go out to eat in the first place." 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg  intimate date spot or laid-back foodie haven." Wow what a place hard to spot driving by but the food is out of this world and the service is first class.  I have been a few times and the food has been excellent.  I have taken the servers suggestion each time and have not been disapointed. Can't wait to go back and try the food. I've heard nothing but the best and will soon be able to attest :)" The stuffed mushrooms are amazing "Sundays couldn't be sweeter without a frequent stop here at Rokerij. From their ""Hip"" staff to their decor; it entices you with each visit. Appetizers are a must and I highly recommend taking advantage of their Sunday Happy hour. You'll be strongly convinced." Awesome food!!!  Try the Pork Tenderloin!!! There were 3 in our party and we walked out of the place full and pleasantly toasty for $60 total- this isn't your Chili's HH but I'm more than willing to spend $20 for the atmosphere You should stop reading this and go there. Pony up to the bar and enjoy yourself." You should probably make reservations if you plan on stopping by One warning:  don't gobble too many of the apps as the meals are big and you'll get filled up.  But damn "Worst experience ever!  I am a fan of Richardson's so I thought we should check this place out.  Stopped in on a Friday night around 8pm without reservations just to see how long the wait would be.  Great host at the door greeted us and was really friendly.  He said there was over an hour wait upstairs but we could try our chances downstairs where it was all open seating.  We headed downstairs The Garlic plate appetizer is just awesome. I tried the mexican sampler with the chili relleno being my favorite but it was all real good. Definitely going back (with reservations) and trying some of the American fare next time. A little on the pricey side but they feed you well ( having my left overs for dinner) & the food is near excellent.  My only complaint is the lighting  enjoy some berries and gelato. Not too fattening but absolutely delicious!" The food is as I said fantastic and it's the redeeming part for this place.  I'll likely come back because of that (second chance!)  and very tasty food.  I also love that I can walk into this restaurant and never feel over or under dressed whether I'm wearing flip flops and jeans or my cutest party dress.  The prime rib has been my favorite lately.  My boyfriend and I generally split it and are both very satisfied by the huge portion!  Their soups and sides are all to die for and their veggie selection is generally very fresh..  I'm a fan of the brocollini and asparagus.  I enjoy taking out of town guests to this little neighborhood gem and love that they serve food later than most of the North Central corridor restaurants.  Hats off to you Have not been to the downstairs area or had any other meal here The food here is AMAZING!!!  This is one of my favorite places in Phoenix by far.  Their salt and pepper encrusted prime rib is nothing short of fabulous.  Their service is always friendly and prompt.  chutney or sauces. The meat options are plentiful and hearty. We always have great service and a fantastic dining experience. One of my absolute favorite restaurants in Phoenix!" I love this place!!!! The menu is fantastic from top to bottom and their happy hour is amazing!!!! You can't go wrong with this place! Anyway...  My chop was so undercooked that it should have been taken off my bill.  I did eat a few bites "I love this place and take all my out of town visitors here for a taste of the Southwest.  The only downside to it being a small place is that it can get very busy and can mean a long wait if you don't reserve a table.  I love that the bar seats are right in front of the open kitchen so you can watch the chefs do their thing with all of those enchiladas and carne dishes.  Their smoked turkey enchiladas are good but if you like spice  other happy hour and pay double. Its well worth every dollar." We definitely won't be going here again - there are plenty of other places nearby with same quality of food AND great service."  so I'll definitely be back for another round some day." "Went to Rokerij last night with my out of town son and daughter in law. Had been to Richardsons on a few occasions several years ago.  We were seated at a cozy corner table downstairs. Ordered from the Richardsons side of the menu. Had the ceviche as appetizer and margaritas. Were excellent. For dinner "Can you say freaking awesome! I found this place on Yelp (where else) and I knew I was taking my boss here during our conference (she's from New England - and I'm from Cali). I knew she's never experienced amazing Latin food and flavors and boy did we have a great time! I had the Pozole After the 4 hot plates we did not have enough room for a sip of water let alone dessert! We closed out and it was a cheap but absolutely delicious good lunch."  the best place to go for a fulfilling meal after a marathon :)."  it just has a great vibe! Food is out of this world. I love the enchiladas and my husband swears by their prime rib! Great for a date night or special occasion!"  but the server brought me some gross way too spicy meal that was completely not what i ordered... he apologized and had my order remade and comped the deserts for us but we were still charged the 28 dollars for the meal he messed up.. so my only advice is confirm what the server thought you ordered... so all in all i would recommend trying it out... if you can afford the hefty price tag( dinner for three with three appetizers was and a couple beers = $220) would have been slightly less if we were not charged for the waiters mixup"  we could NOT make a decision about what to order--everything looked so good. Our server was very helpful in aiding us with picking appropriate sized plates (we were starving and nervous we wouldn't have enough haha). We left with a to go box and no room for dessert! Loved it. Can't wait to go back. GREAT date night spot. But we prepared to wait and have a drink  bacon wrapped scallops..... all so yummy!"   it's just the food. I've been to most of the best places in Phoenix but there's just something about the food that speaks to me here.  Go here and order the food of which I speak...then eat it and digest and smile."  you really have to see it to understand how cool it is!  Taking in the restaurant from the outside is kinda strange its really closed in looking (no windows which is normally ok.. if your at a strip club) but once your inside its really calming and pleasant.  Now that you feel comfortable inside we can talk about the food which is equally as amazing.  Richardson's menu is heavy on the garlic so if its not a 1st date go nuts because its worth it Still - a solid 3 stars. Check out all of the other great reviews that this place has received." Would I go back?  Dunno.... There are many other places here in the valley that we need to experience prior to ever giving these folks our hard-earned casheroo...."  yet they still manage to make you feel like they want you to come back again and again!  And I will!  I love this restaurant - it's definitely a family favorite!" The food is EXCELLENT!!!"  favorite place to go!"  was the dessert. We shared the truffle with vanilla gelato topped with berries. The truffles were like buttery brownies in a hard shell and perfectly portioned to satisfy. Very memorable. We will be back  the service. This place has it all. I was a fan of Richardson's but the Rokerij is such a nice place and I hope they will continue to offer both menus. My only beef is we booked a table for a group on Open Table and when we got to the restaurant no reservations. Honestly I think the problem was on Open Table's end. We ended up having to go to a different place but that can happen anywhere."  and you will not have willpower to leave room in your stomach for entrees (and they are worth it!)" I was expecting more since there are so many 5 star reviews on yelp. Three friends and I tried Rokerij for the first time on Saturday. We had a reservation for 6:30. The specials are on a blackboard above your head behind you if you are seated in the booths. You have the practically get out to read them. The paper menus have a lot of abbreviations so you have to keep remembering what the letters mean. I don't want to work that hard. Can't you just spell out the words? I ordered the surf and turf from the Richardson's side of the menu. What was delivered was an unappetizing mess. The plate and everything on it was covered in a chili sauce. It looked like dog food with a piece of steak in the middle. Really it was a terrible presentation. My husband's plate looked the same. The other two at our table ordered from the Rokerij side and at least it looked a lot better. The two bacon wrapped shrimp were flavorful and my steak was over cooked for medium but OK. I could have skipped the messy beans or at least they could put them in a cup. I may try them again but just for happy hour and I'll keep the Rokerij side of the menu.  inviting with great music and outstanding service.  The food here incredible... New Mexican cuisine meets Wild West flavors.  So good  especially if Werner is working. :)"  relleno and a chicken burro (heavy on the cheese - yum). Even my dining companion who likes things spicy agreed that there was good heat but tons of flavor (I think the hatch green chile surprised him). I had a great taste experience "We enjoyed a phenomenal Christmas Eve dinner this year at Rokerij. We had a larger party (16) so we used the private room they have behind the bar. It was fantastic. Shannon and Paul were fantastic while we set this up and the night couldn't have been better. Tony did a great job with such a large group. Of course  too many middle-aged men wearing flip flops out on a Friday night. Flip flops? UGH..in Winter? Also  somewhat hipster ambiance but not too young of a crowd. Not all that child friendly but they have been friendly to a friend's well behaved son we take there. Overall  making it impossible for them to exit the space without a spotter and a 20 point turn.  That sucks."  but super yummy.  Everything was prepared perfectly and I could not be happier.  My date had the sliders and scallops - I don't think I have had a better prepared scallop.  The service is perfect Go at happy hour and sample some small plates."  as I was not very hungry. My husband had the chicken enchiladas that I tasted and were very good. The food is cooked to order so it did take a while to get our meal  and provided very prompt service." It's an accessible menu.  I think I was hoping for more niche-cuisine." They serve heaven on metal plates in the chilliest ambiance ever! I've never had a better brunch in my life! Try either the Carne Adovada with Eggs or the Breakfast Burrito with New Mexican Sausage...good grief! 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg I love the food and it is usually excellent service. I always visit the downstairs cellar bar. It has a hip rustic feel and pretty good tunes on the ipod. One of my faves The food is excellent and the portions are generous. It is probably one of the best happy hours in the valley with $5 glasses of wine and $5 smaller plates of appetizers. We have eaten here many many times and have always had great service and the food never disappoints!!  how did he get that wrong?! He kept running away as we were trying to give him our dinner order. It was just such a long process! My boyfriend ordered the sirloin steak medium rare and I ordered the green chili burger. His steak tasted like hamburger meat and my fries were cold. My burger was good though and I did enjoy the ambiance of sitting near the fireplace in a cozy booth  and to-die-for steak tartar.  To die for.  A lovely platter with an egg yolk laden mountain of hand ground tartar yum  the creme brulee was everyone's favorite -- vanilla bean flavor with berries.  Oh and the wine was half-off since it was a Monday so we had two bottles and also got one to go.  A really good red This place has an interesting layout with multiple little areas to eat drink and overall be merry.  The patio is nice and I loved the little downstairs bar/cellar.  I had an array of appetizers for dinner that were all excellent.  Spicy and flavorful.  I'm really looking forward to returning! "Always amazing! Always a wait! Well worth it! I usually order off their specials menu and get seafood and its always on point! The cactus pear margaritas are awesome and I get 1-3 every time! I have yet to try their brunch but heard great things! If you are visiting make it a point to eat here! Understand its not mexican I took a friend who was visiting from out of town to Saturday brunch and both of us were pleasantly surprised.  The atmosphere is great and the food even better.  I had the Benedict and Enchiladas (Richardsons Combo) and was a bit surprised (in a good way) by the burn of chili peppers.  The smoked pork loin on the Benedict was also noticeable and overall it's probably been one of the best meals I've had in quite a while. Can't go wrong with any of their dishes but I love the carne adovado. Super smoky flavored and delicious. Their fish specials are to die for  don't order the Pork chop.  It's very thick and mine was completely raw on the inside.  I sent it back to be fired again and when it was returned it was seared on the outside but still completely raw on the inside.  Pork + raw = trichinosis.  I don't want worms.  Our server was very attentive however and recommended that it be comped to the manager.  The manager came over and mentioned that they would take care of the pork chop  and they have a reverse happy hour that has 1/2 price apps!" You get what you pay for.  Absolutely.  Next time will come much earlier so I can linger in the BAR for awhile - nice!  Adding Rokerij to my list of ""take out-of-town guests here so they quit being snarky with me about Az having no interesting cuisine""." "Happy hour at the bar was the best!  Great prices on their amazing fresh and flavorful food "As flavorful a menu as you're ever going to find; the food tastes as good as it smells.  If you're looking for a quieter evening We've been going here for years but last Sunday we had the BEST steaks ever!  A tenderloin and a New York.  I don't know what was different but they were amazing. A little pricey for the portions but welllllll worth it great food great atmosphere  be prepared for a long line/wait.  The food here is always consistently good.  B/F loves the Chimayo Chicken with their fabulous Green Chili Potato.  Last night he had the roasted corn for the side which was amazing.  I got one of their specials - Swordfish with an fantastic pineapple cilantro salad and my sides were the GCP and zucchini.  Excellent meal all around.  My only complaint is  but I can't remember what it was. We couldn't decide on what we wnated so we ended up splitting the entree of Blackened Salmon with Apple/Chipotle chutney and some potatoes. We also got three of the small Plates: mini reuben  tried very hard tho there was some inconsistency on the arrival of our dishes.  He was very helpful and tried to ease the confusion.  The food was great and you gotta love 1/2 price wine bottle night." - everything was pretty good. My only complaint was that the tuna was a little over cooked (requested it medium rare and it came out more medium/medium-well)"  great service what a find--- the wine list fantastic- it has all that ""get out of Orange County/ not eating in stucco palace- strip mall"" feel one needs - you did a great job Peter! great find!!!" I definitely recommend this place for a nice evening out."  this was one good-ass breakfast joint. I had their crab omelet... O_o it was fabulous! One of those ""I feel so full but I will continue to eat this"" type moments. You keep shoveling it in  the fireplace and comfy seating. My only complaint is that it is REALLY small - not the place to go with a large group.  The bartenders are phenomenal as is the food. Check it out for a romantic date night - you won't be disappointed."  but I loved that they had the nice soft paper towels. Maybe that's why the menu prices are so high lol." Keep up the good work Rokerij."  then you need to give it a try! This should be on your bucket list of things to check out in Phoenix. I have been here several times and the food is never disappointing . I have tried almost every appetizer on the menu ...lots of love in the food. Very dark and romantic in the basement area." I went here with friends on a Friday night whim.  The wine and food were great and the atmosphere was even better. It is nice to have such a unique place for Phoenix   The ambiance was inviting and cozy.  I would definitely  recommend this place for a romantic evening.  (Be sure to take the elevator down stairs at some point.) 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg Update: no more chipotle ribs:( But i'm really excited to try out their brunch menu!" "Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix! The Carne Adovada is the current contender for best dish on 16th St. The atmosphere 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg "They have great Vanilla Bean ice cream served with fresh berries and chocolate sauce. Great food  nice staff. One of our favorite spots in Phoenix. It's a can't miss place to try!"  with great service and good food.  I would recommend it and I will be back!" My food here wasn't as good as it has been at Dick's.. still good though. great seafood...nice quiet place...decent service...not cheap...special occaisions "Truly awesome experience. I went there with my family around a year ago and it was definitely a fulfilling night. I recommend the pork chops. It was the only place in 15 years of dining with him that my great uncle enjoyed and actually gave a praise to the food and service. Believe me  even more shocked at how packed it stayed throughout the entire evening! Thankfully we got there early enough to find a seat! With that said Best hidden gem in Phoenix!  Get the Rokerij Steak with kings crab and jalepenos hollandaise sauce. Oh my...it is good.  you aren't stuck next to another kid anyways. And I have to appreciate that." Drop in for a weekend brunch meal and treat yourself to a super spicy Bloody Mary or a tasty mimosa and start the morning off right."  we lucked into coming in on a day when they were serving green chile stew (spice-tastic) and 1/2 off bottles of wine. What?!?!? It was fantastic. My wife loved the smoked turkey and the green chile pork enchiladas (thanks  love the fire place & basement-like atmosphere." Love this place! I can't seem to stop ordering the New Mexico Enchiladas each time I go. I really need to branch out but I love them so.  or Red Chile Pasta.  Got a sweet tooth?  The Creme Brle is guaranteed to put a smile on your face.  I pinky swear that this place is unlike any other Valley eatery...  Foodies "Let me preface this by saying this used to be my favorite restaurant in PHX... This experience has changed that...  I made a reservation for 11 5 days before the dinner at 730 pm on a Sat..  after arriving promptly at 730 we were forced to wait 20 minutesonly to be sat at 2 separate booths...  Completetly defeating the purpose of a group dining experience..  Now the bad part...  For dinner I ordered off the special menu a wild boar bacon wrapped bone in beef tenderloin cooked rare..  I received a baconless well done hunk of meat...  I pointed this out to the waitress she took the meal hoping to have it prepared correctly..  a few minutes later the manager approached the table and informed me they were out of the bacon ( one would think they would know that before the meal was prepared and attempted to slide this past the diner). I was offered a replacement meal  "Have always liked the food here but that's not everything. We were told it would be a 30 minute wait for 5 but we could go next door. However no one explained that meant an entirely different menu. We eventually were moved back to this location.  Very unaccommodating with young children. No high chairs  great drinks.  What more could you ask for!" Reserving a table through opentable/yelp app was extremely easy and accurate "No clue how I didn't know about this place before...went after a recommendation from a friend and I officially found my new favorite spot. Had the cilantro rubbed shrimp  but nothing exceptional.  No comments about how good the food was across the board.  The dessert actually was very good  but it was already full. The waiter was great at running up the stairs and securing us a place at the bar. Had a lot of fun sitting at bar watching the food being cooked on the grill and talking with folks next to us. Shared the bacon wrapped shrimp (so-so) and spicy lettuce wraps (great) as well as a cheeseburger (one of the best I've had) with my husband and it was definitely enough food. We were so excited about the cheeseburger  dinner or happy hour! I'm a fan of their brunch which is served on sizzling metal plates to ensure your food is hot and fresh. The only bad thing is their prices can be a little spendy  and I hate having to valet for breakfast! Try their crab tostadas or steak toasts  GCP.... AWESOME!  Can't go wrong with pretty much anything on the menu "It was silly to only give this legendary place 4 stars Rokerij is our sunday brunch spot for $5 mimosas. $5 make you hola. "Great spot. Great Bar! Have only been once with a party of 3 "The BEST brie & tenderloin toast. Yum!!!  But make sure you ask for the triple cream brie "What a great dinner spot! We had several apps including the tenderloin toast &  meatballs - both were excellent. I then had the Rokerij steak  we were sat down about 15 to 30 min after our seating time and there was not enough space for us to sit to wait for our table as there are only 4 chairs - 2 back to back so I had to sit on the edge as there were several of us. After asking to get a drink a waitress shoved a menu in my face and said she would take my order and never came around. We also had to chase our check down as well." I can easily recommend Rokerij and find that it is a great value and dining experience."  and the pork loin was tuff with no flavor.  My second cup of coffee came with about half-full because they ""ran out of coffee and had to go next door"".  It came with about a full teaspoon of coffee grounds in the bottom of my cup  though the last two times in have disappointed. Recent outing included drinks downstairs and staff was unfriendly and uninterested in helping guests.  Dinner upstairs was a poor experience. Our entrees for our party came out about 10 minutes apart and to make matters worse two entrees were incorrect. One entree was replaced and the second was replaced using the previous plate with a portion of the meal replaced.  Has Rokerij lost it's touch?" "The Rokerij is/was my favorite restaurant in town.  That is until recently...  a couple weeks ago I made a reservation mid week for one of the tables downstairs.  When I got there I was told it wasn't available.  The hostess wasn't rude but wasn't about to accomodate.  I reluctantly agreed to sit at a teable up stairs.  I ordered the usual Overall I wouldn't mind giving this place another chance to be able to sample some of the dinner and salad items.  But as others state...you better make a reservation." One last tip- the online menu is not super accurate. They have a pretty great specials menu scribbled on a chalkboard- there were very many things on there that I was tempted by that did not show on their online menu. So keep an open mind when you go."  730 pm on a Friday!  Chilean Sea Bass..SOO good. Seriously taste like butter! So sad that we are moving out of this neighborhood. Honestly our guy waiting on us...total drag Secret Tip:  Sister restaurant Dick's Hideaway at 16th and Bethany Home for the same menu in a top-secret location.  Find me here for brunch every other Sunday (Carne Adovado and Eggs)" It is almost impossible to get in for dinner on a Fri/Sat night. They get busy." I will only return for drinks and to soak up the atmosphere.  They SO need to fix the quality of their food or at least their service when something like this happens."  atmosphere is great.  But  So that was the thing i was looking for the service. Walked in threw the kitchen witch i thought was cool  I probably would list this on my places in the valley to return to."  it was a COCKROACH!!! I grabbed it in my napkin and crumpled it up and left in a side station area. We both were grossed out but were not going to make a huge fuss and have it ruin our meal. We're both flexible and understanding and didn't complain. But seeing that in a restaurant is really inexcusable and disgusting-and definitely dampers your appetite for their food. Where are his friends? Are they in the kitchen?! YUCK!!! We then waited 45 minutes for our food: an enchilada plate and a relleno plate. When they set down the steaming hot plates the food was cooked to nuclear levels because there  was a one inch crust around the plate and the beans were so dried out it was comical. Now mind you  which is a little annoying but standard in central Phoenix." Not impressed. The service was below average. Food ok. Atmosphere very nice.  I decided I would never go back.  I was literally in shock as to what just happened.  My advice is to steer clear of this place  it is very hidden and not easily accessible but i have found only a few places better for a first date (not a blind date LOL) than the rokerij."  and all you need to know about this place is I make a point to eat dinner there at least once during every trip.  Love this place  clearly more attention is being paid there.  The best part was a good Bloody (low spice) and beer back with (wait for it) STRAWS!!!  Apparently their personal jihad against the evil liquor conveyance device has been lifted.  The experience was lovely!" Wow!  This place is good.  My first time in Phoenix and if I ever get back I'll be sure to dine here.  So should you.  Prego.  (You're welcome.) * Half order of roasted garlic.  I love roasted garlic but this one wasn't my favorite.  Something about the flavor of the garlic didn't seem right.  It was almost bitter but mild at the same time." Happy Hour - Reverse or not - Get a spot at the pounded copper bar and enjoy one of the better ""food special"" happy hours in the neighborhood.  $5 small plates are a steal and the ambiance of the basement fireplace can't be beat. (Perfect for a date night)" g4luSu3EFv3tmEAj1XrNog Or if you like Osso Buco it's often on the specials board and it's amazingly good." "Went to Rokerji last night with my wife and my boss and her husband.  The food was amazing as was the atmosphere.  I am DEFINITELY coming back  and our plate was good. I might try this again someday. Maybe on a date or something. The lights were really low and romantic. I personally like it a little brighter so we can see the people around us Always the benefit of exploring new territory.   Super stoked  with this place and the ambiance. It  is romantic with the setting whether  you're  at the table or the bar.  The food stole the show for sure.  They don't take reservations less than 4  so it's a  battle if you show up a one on one sesh especially for the trad date type gig.  Anywho we got the scallops wrapped in bacon and only thing to say is that it was DELISH!!!  There were 4 types of dipping sauce acting as a base almost slathering the entire dish but they were overpowering.  We also split the lamb and I was teetering about the dish.  The sides were delish:  Roasted beets and some type of Jalapeno mashed taters thing which was RADTASTIC!  The Lamb was good but something was missing along the lines of seasoning.  Overall wonderful dish.  We finished up with a creme brulee which definitely hit the spot for the evening.  Had a great time and really loved checking out Richardsons as well!!!  Totally will be back!!! "Seriously this is about as cool of a vibe and as good of food as you will find at this price. Richardson's upstairs or Rokerij downstairs are both a blast! I love how many different seating styles there are  and at least parts of the food were good - enough to think maybe it really was just a horribly off night.  I'm not sure if we'd go back 1/2 price bottles of wine on Sunday and Monday!!  divey vibe. Perfect for a romantic date or just low-key time with a couple friends. I've never been disappointed by the food but the wine list could use a makeover."  good people watching and yummy food!"  yet he NEVER remembered us. Even though we came in regularly (weekly) and were very generous. So mabeye I shouldn't be surprised. I guess I wanted to like this place more than it deserved :(" Not crazy expensive either. that's always a +" The service is still very good and the patio is awesome when the weather is nice.  They also have the best reverse happy hour which starts at 10 PM and I believe and goes til 1 AM." Mike and Brent are great too and very knowledgable! Fabulous experience." Get the prickly pear margarita Fantastic happy hour selection & prices; the restaurant has great charm (even the dimly lit bar in the lower level) The atmosphere is charming and romantic downstairs. The food is spectacular. I've never had a bad meal there and have been there many times. It was abnormally warm inside and the food was sub par at best.  Drinks were also below average.  Not worth the price or time.  I had high expectations for this place and it definitely did not live up.  but they do have complimentary valet service. You almost have to use this service because without it there is no place to park. My son and I both got the Roikerij Steak which was amazing. My wife and mother-in law were not that hungry so they got some appetizers. My wife said it was just ""OK"". The ambience in this place is excellent. Great place for a romantic dinner. The service was very good. We had what seemed like 2 servers. One took our order and the other checked on us. They seemed a but out of synch as our server would ask us a question Stick to the Adovada here. Tried the Prime Rib sliders last time and tey were very very skimpy thin and the bread was too much for the meat." 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg The downstairs bar is a comfy heaven!! The happy hour is a must to attend. They have $5 menu of some tasty dishes. The seared salmon was the best!!! The staff is wonderful. Love this place!!  the staff there is anything but shy. Dave recommended his faves on the menu and  took us on a tour of the whole rest of he restaurant after we were done with dinner. The pasta Heidi is a must have if you're a first timer!!" "A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!  I can't say enough good things about this place!  I first discovered this lil gem barhopping with a friend of mine and was completely in awe of the whole ambiance of the place.  The entrance is a narrow stone stairway that leads down to a small bar area with a couple of booths and seats in front of a fireplace.  Completely underground and secluded from the chaotic world above.  We had a drink and went on our way to Richardson's next door which was also amazing "New Mexican yelp!   This is New Mexican!  And how great it is....green chilies galore.  The ambience makes it a special place for dinner Loved the atmosphere!  Great food and wine!  I can't wait to go back!  Next time we'll have to do the $5 apps for happy hour! We came to celebrate a birthday and the food was outstanding. The different pepper combinations really provide outstanding flavor!  and staff. Lots of unique flavor combinations. The basement is a great place to get cozy with someone special. A little bit overpriced  we could see the food being prepared and everything that came out looked delicious. The portions are very generous at Rokerij. We will be back soon!"  totally overcooked and unappetizing. We politely told the server that we were just going to call it a night (there was NO WAY we were going to spend 35-40 bucks on the entree lottery)- he then offered to ""do anything"" to make our experience better and we thanked him and just explained why we were leaving and we would be back to try the happy hour another time (truth). Anyway then he took like 15 minutes at least trying to get the manager to take the oysters off (I would rather have paid for them) and then he FINALLY brought us our bill with the two drinks AND the uneaten mushroom appetizer. I am a foodie and have been in the business since I was 15 and I NEVER EVER want anything for free or removed from my check  come in for the fact that you can be seated in one of the handful of basements in Arizona."  the music is great and the basement is amazing.  Try the seared salmon! I never really liked fish until I had their salmon. The Rokerij is a hidden gem and there really is no other place like it in Phoenix!"  but he liked it (as was tooooo hungry to wait for them to correct the order) so the spice burger worked fine.  I got a taste and really liked it! I am excited to go back and try more of the menu!" So I have to admit we were a bit confused pulling into the parking lot.  We actually meant to go to sister restaurant Richardson's but having never been there ended up in Rokerij via the back door through a kitchen area which was kinda weird. After our very friendly waitress explained things to us we stayed and are glad we did.  We all enjoyed our meals and the half price bottles of wine were a pleasant surprise.  I was very impressed at the number of wines on the list that were available at half price. The deal is good Sunday and Monday.  I ordered the Rokerij Burger and ordered it medium which is exactly how it was prepared.  I find many places cook it to beyond medium.  We will definitely return. I wouldn't mind coming here again and I wouldn't mind recommending this place. I would only advise anybody planning here to be careful with the scallops. I don't know...maybe it was a fluke." If you choose to go with the mexican side of the menu its disgusting. Everything is slop on a plate. No one should come here and pay these prices. M'fn delicious !!! Amazing bartenders and servers... Great environment and the food is beyond delicious!!!  I had the rellenos with eggs (one beef one cheese) and we ordered Carne Adovado to take home to her Hubby.  We REALLY ENJOYED our meals.  My beef relleno was so amazing and the cheese was just as good.  I loved the smokey flavor  as the meals are quite heavy. The portions were huge as well! Romantic ambiance and great staff. Will return again when in the mood for a big "ABSOLUTELY THE WORST SERVICE IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I gave this place 1 star because the food is truly amazing. Too bad the manager has absolutely no clue what he is doing. Probably gets tipped on the side by ""regular"" patrons and believes that's where his priorities should be at. First of all I made reservations for my mother's 60th birthday because the food here the first time was great. But did I mention the first time I was here our server made a mistake on every single food item we ordered?? At least he had the decency to get our desserts to make it up. An hour or two before the reservations we had called to see if we could add two more people. They told us fine and moved us up to 9pm for the private dining area. Well we showed up exactly at 9 and our room was not ready. Ok no big deal. A little annoying cuz what's the point of making reservations but we were ok. But after 20-30 min of waiting  no welcome) just slapped menus down and talked with an employee. When I told her we needed to be done in an hour ... she just looked at me and said I dont think so. We walked out! STILL NO WATER AFTER 10 MINUTES and NO ASKING US ANYTHING!!"  this is a great place.  If you want to get a nice meat dish or southwestern cuisine I recommend spending your money at a different place unless you live nearby.  The valley is flooded with similar restaurants and you money is better spent elsewhere for a nice meal."  turned around walked back out and told my friend to meet me at Richardson's instead.  Downstairs was too small.  Too dark.  Too warm with the fireplace going.  Bar was packed and the chairs and couch I tried weren't comfortable.  I also checked out the upstairs bar which was too exposed to the kitchen and garbage." The beef skewers were also very good. They come in 4 different sauces. They were cooked to perfection and I would definitely eat them again. I just wish they gave u more. It really wasn't enough for what u pay."  but plenty room to sit and have a drink in front of the fire. I had the rotisserie chicken (tasty and a lot of food) and the hubbs got the enchilada plate...the green chile chicken enchilada was d'lish.  Make sure to have a drink in the basement." Love the chefs interpretation of eggs benedict. Ambience can't be beat. I was so sad after bringing our guests to dinner because I raved about the Rokerjj before dinner. What a shock!" This was the first time my wife had been there and she loved it." The service is incredible here. Sitting at the bar is wonderful. Sitting in a booth would offer privacy. The fireplace is perfect when Phoenix has a touch of chill in the air. This is a stunning place to come for a date." The coffee was good as well and it was worth the drive. Would probably have preferred it more for a dinner place but still good at breakfast/brunch." note:  there are more expensive fish and meat dishes. We reserved the back room for a dinner and it couldn't have been nicer. They allowed us to pace out our meal as we liked. Food is just great here. As expected the meal was delightful but still craving my Carne!!"  the food! I was blown away by this place. I would not have expected to find some of the best Mexican food in this somewhat uppity joint. But it truly was some of the most amazing flavors I have experienced. The green chili meatloaf with eggs was great but there was this unique flavor to the chili relleno that I am not sure anyone could replicate. And the Carne Adobada was seriously tasty; it was cooked perfectly and was just as amazing the next day as leftovers. This place is a gem!"  with very generous sized portions and always a friendly staff. Can't go wrong with a lunch or dinner plate! We will come back here every year "WOW. I write short reviews when a place is so good. This is one of the best meals I've had. Order the roasted garlic plate to start  and semi-secret bar present a wonderful dining experience. Our server Jamie was attentive  and they asked the new table of people sitting in the table where we were to get up so they could look under the table. To me that is just such great customer service. Definitely recommend this place to all my friends. Nice small and cozy. I had a great time and j know everyone else in the party did too. Thanks Rokerji for everything!" If you're looking for a great restaurant to impress a special someone; a place to celebrate a special event; or even something as casual as a date night then this is the place for you. I wouldn't recommend bringing kids with you as it's just not a kid friendly place and that's ok The owner needs a wake up call." Love this place. Food and ambiance is amazing. Do it! They have a decent happy hour too 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg "One of my favorites. Sit at the bar or wherever "The basement bar at the Rokerij is such a unique place in Phoenix - you have to go!  Sit at the bar for some awesome deals on food and drink Perhaps I should've been more prepared to pay the asking price of this place.  The setup of the restaurant is really cool and I like the unique New Mexican twists they put on the everyday grub.  The food has been good both times I've been here  it was good but nothing outstanding.   I liked my meal much better.   His side dish of the potato on the poblano was typical mashed potato with a chili flavor.     I guess that would make sense since it was sitting on the chili.   I asked our server how hot the red sauce was for the pork.   She stated that if it wasn't quite hot enough This is my absolute favorite place to retreat into a romantic or just cozy getaway from the AZ heat and sun! Downstairs is a hidden gem.. food is eclectic and delish! You will thank me for this if you have not been! I have been a regular here with my husband for a long time and it never let's me down. The only down side is the price of food. Honestly I'd be still willing to pay because I love this place so much. We always get the filet and some sort of fish. You also can't go wrong with the roasted corn and sweet potato baked in the beautifully presented green chili. Love the beer and wine selection aswell.  and runny eggs. The tenderloin we asked medium rare definitely no taste nor quality the taste of the raw meat was not pleasing. Cocktails were not up to par either. Although service was great one more star." 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg  this is the spot! Twice baked chili pepper potatoes are to die for and the swordfish is wonderful. Very nice wine list.  Make reservations!"  because I live down the street and this has been one of our fave places.. just disappointed that I have to *hope* it's going to be better next time. Ugh." "I don't write many reviews but I thought that the Rokerij deserves everyone to know how awesome it is. My favorite spot is down in the cellar bar for Brunch. My Boyfriend is from NM and we can never find good NM food that is close to what it's like back home. The Rokerij/ Richardson's/Dicks Hideaway is as close as it gets! The Huevos Rancheros are amazing  the flavoring for the pasta was just about perfect as well.     I topped it off with a couple of glasses of their zinfandel.    I don't remember the vineyard.    I just remember it was #27 on the wine list.    My companion had some sort of chicken skewers with beans and rice.    I've had the chicken skewers before.   And beans and rice on the side is not something I'd write home about.   So I didn't taste it.     He seemed to like it so I guess that's all that counts." This restaurant is amazing. Tonight I had the prime rib with brussel sprouts and the carbonara pasta. It was amazing! Everything was top notch. I loved it and absolutely will be back. Also the wine selection is truly good as well. Be sure to call ahead for reservations. The place is very popular."  not that they were rude just super slow and the waiters knowledge of the menu was weak sauce. He did comp us desserts for our patience. Cool ambiance especially the bar in the basement."  some too spicy; the blackened steak -too peppery. The mushroom and filet toast were great. However the baked oysters were way too spicy- could not taste any oyster. Also we had the beef skewers- sort of dry but ok in the end." One of my favorite places of all time. Great atmosphere and even better food. Their appetizers are yum. Traveled 4.5 hours to see a baseball game and luckly we found Rockerij. I would travel back 4.5 hours just for the food. The service was amazing as well.  and have had better meals for the same money.  Four stars." If you haven't been here Amazing food and good service.  Lots of variety. Nice portions but the actual space inside the restaurant is too small and dark. Parking is only valet and always pretty busy. Make reservations if you choose to come here. ofcourse as soon as a girl came up to the bar the bartender would run over like a little puppy hoping to his ear scratched" Don't be scared... hit this place up and ENJOY. It's worth a visit for the atmosphere alone!"  which was somewhat crowded and put you in close quarters with other people. The happy hour drinks are somewhat limited to beer/wine/ margarita. I had the margarita and it was not fantastic... very standard margarita fare. The happy hour pricing on the food is a dollar or two off normal price  today we had a waitress that seemed to have other things on her mind. She took my water to refill it and never came back with it. Never offered us dessert and was just generally a little scattered. We had two of the fishes if the day and they were good...a couple apps and they were good. Definitely worth coming back." back...I'd spend your money elsewhere."  Germany...anywhere else in the U.S.  I dine out very often.  And this absolutely ruined the evening for me.  I will NEVER return. I will NEVER recommend this establishment again.  Very ungracious...Very rude....Very inhospitable.  Very disappointing." I only gave the place 3-stars because my wife's meal was also very bland and my other friend was unhappy with their entree.  The atmosphere and appetizers were great "Happy hour is great if you can fight your way over to a seat at the bar. Otherwise  turn around now. Theres no way its so high rated. We had the calamari as an appetizer but it wasn't anything special. The 14 oz pork entree was decent but nothing close to fantastic. The brocoli was fresh. We got the roast duck and it was pretty bad. Lacked any flavor" Food was good. Way too dark in place. Our server kept messin up or forgetting things.  We were to get birthday dessert and he just brought the check. I'm extremely disheartened by this and when before I would recommend this place to friends  but slightly over priced for the area.  I would stick with the unique items on the menu that Richardsons is known for - meat and southwest items.   This is not a great place for vegetarians but there are several fish items on the menu" 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg "Amazing food!!!!!! One of the best meals I've had in a long time!!! Super cool and chill environment  my companion's bacon wrapped scallops seemed uncooked and raw.   The chicken schnitzel was fine.   Good beer and wine selection.  Slow service." If you are seated in the downstairs area be sure to exit using the stone stairs - its really cool." Will return next time in town." 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg  I considered whether this was really a Dutch restaurant and I have to conclude that it is because the Dutch really know how to make food taste great." "Phenomenal food and atmosphere....one of my favorite places.  Parking is a hassle "Awesome evening!  Stayed at the Ritz and they recommended this place. So glad they did. Food was terrific  I emailed to let the owners know and received NO reply. Horrible customer service." 10/10 would come again." "Breakfast of filet mignon eggs benedict???  Are you kidding me? This breakfast is no joke.  Had to take half home Bottom line this is a wonderful place with its sister restaurant next door The basement is a great place to hide. The bacon wrapped scallops are a must have and great happy hour sine selection  and what we did have was bland. The red wine was also chilled way too cold. My Malbec didn't have that great of a flavor because it was too cold. Oh well 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg "I just wish the place was bigger or maybe even a second location. It is so good that it is almost always very busy. Great meals My favorite place to eat in Phoenix! Order the Taos Trio and experience a glimpse of heaven.  its my favorite spot. But tonight the Chimiyan Chicken was overcooked! The preparing in advance has been taken too far...sorry" Overall the evening was lovely.  We met several friendly people and enjoyed delightful food and service.  However Rokerij has the best brunch around! Really nice atmosphere and excellent food! Overall one of the most underrated places in Phoenix for sure."   the Rokerij isn't worth your trouble. According to their own manager 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg  which Mike took great care of us! Half off bottles of wine on Sundays and Mondays! Great place for a date night with cozy booths by a romantic fireplace "Love there sweet potatoe stuffed peppers and they also have a pasta dish with jumbo shrimps and scallops that is pretty amazing. Downsides  it got sent back and the next one was med-rare but tasted like charcoal throughout I've had steaks at some of the best restaurants in the valley and have never had one taste this burnt I loved the trout. Atmosphere is really dim and chill. I enjoy myself there. Bartender and chefs are super cool. Service always great they take good care of us. All around an awesome place. Thank you all for making this an unforgettable evening!"  or Richardson's someone tell me completely different times of when the kitchens close at each locations. I really don't know what to expect when I go to any three of their  restaurants. There is clearly a lack of communication between these establishments. It's pretty frustrating when I'm trying to grab a late night meal because I don't want to succumb to any late night fast casual's or fast food joints. The only reason why I am giving this review more than one star is because of Connor and the kitchen at the Rokerij. He went above and beyond and made my girlfriend and I a simple side salad plus a side dish when he did not have to. Thank you Connor My husband and I went in the other night and I had the Niman Ranch burger.  I just have to say that it was not near as flavorful as the burger I remember having here a few months ago.  Bring back the old burgers!  dark but romantic. Food was delicious! I had some kind of stuffed chicken and my friend had the adovada which was beyond amazing. Prices are steep but worth it. I hear they have a pretty good happy hour that I will be back to check out!" "Great atmosphere and happy hour specials! Went down stairs on a hot day and it was perfect. The calamari was awesome and so were the bartenders. Although the Chimay wasn't on happy hour  a bad experience was way too bad where I will not be back.  Ordered my usual but with a waiter that is known to not be the best.  He was too busy singing to the '70 songs playing and left our food in the window too long.  After knowing after many years you can't touch the plate because it's too hot  slightly lower cost but most importantly tastes better! I can only see myself picking Rokerij over Dick's if I'm looking for better ambiance." "Love the food and the atmosphere! There is also a fantastic little hidden bar downstairs  the service was awful. Our waiter was spacey and not helpful at all. We even had to ask to speak to the manager because of how bad the service was. The manager apologized and took care of us; however Came him for my son's birthday (which we told our waiter when my son used the rest room)  My son lives in Phoenix and had heard great things about this restaurant and chose this place for his birthday dinner. What a mistake. Although the drinks and food were very good the service was awful. We had to wait quite a while for our drinks and appetizer to be served. I asked for bread and butter 3 times and although i saw other tables get it we did not till the bartender came over and said she was helping our waiter. At this point we still had not ordered out entrees. After a long wait we finally ordered our entrees and they came pretty quickly and were very good. After another long wait our table was finally cleared. A short time later a different waiter brought  over a slice of chocolate cake with a birthday candle. He stood their while we sang happy birthday then he walked away leaving us with no utensils to eat the cake. At this point we asked to speak to the manager. The manager came over and we told him about our experience and he did his best to take care of us. I will definitely not be going back due to this experience. Sometimes I will give a restaurant a second chance but not this time.  I am presently on a diet so I was expecting a lot on my one cheat meal in two months.  I wanted two things a solid Eggs Benedict and an awesome Bloody Mary.  The Eggs Benedict included a hard boiled egg and lacked any flavor.  The Bloody Mary was lame  some of the best atmosphere in town and great service.  I started with a wedge salad and then enjoyed the chimayo chicken for my entree...the perfect meal!  After dinner we went downstairs to the bar and continued our fun evening.  This place is perfect to escape a hot summer day or to warm up on a cold winter night.  If you haven't been  and pleasant service. I would highly recommend it and I would love to go there again."  making for a very crowded table.  The sever also was not very knowledgeable on the menu and could not identify the salad on the table.  We questioned because her description did not match what was served.  Food was just ok   if it's French style. And you said it's Italian. I know it's Italian.  You should turn your frown upside down.  I love where I work. If you don't love where you work  but with a fireplace.  Open kitchen.  Smells wonderful.  Mike and AJ at the bar are great.  Laura and Dave at the grill and cooktop are masters.  We went twice in 3 days after moving close and we'll be back countless times!"  service and atmosphere. Very upscale and wonderful place to go for a date or for business meeting dinner."  but I make an exception only for the addavado (not sure if I spelled that right). Yum! We went with some friends and the bill came to a pretty high total but it was a very memorable night because the food and the surroundings were so great. :)" They have great happy hour specials for food and wine and the regular menu items are delicious substantive tasty" "Last Sunday my family and I came in to have dinner for a celebration. There were 6 of us not including my infant son who was apparently unwelcome from the start. Upon arrival we checked in with the hostess and the first thing she said to us was ""we don't have high chairs"". Hi I'm great thanks for asking.... we decide to sit down anyway since we were meeting the rest of our group there. As we sit down our very rude hostess gives us 2 menus which would be great except there's four of us currently being seated and 2 that have yet to arrive. The waitress goes around the table taking drink orders and completely skips my husbands and walks away. We tried to call her and wave her down but she was gone before we knew it. At this point we decided that the evening was better off at another restaurant and we hadn't even gotten our drinks yet "I can't believe I have lived in Phoenix for 15 years and have never been here! The food was excellent (the Mahi Mahi with mango salsa seemed to flake apart if you simply breathed on it!) It is a very small Cool hip intresting spot. This is their new location. Have been coming here for years. Great food atmosphere nice selection of beer and appetizers. Good crowd in an interesting neighborhood in the Phoenix area Dress code - well its still Phoenix (and warm weather begs for casual) but it wouldn't hurt to step it up a notch." pretty good place and great food!!! My Chimayan chicken and green beans are my favorite meal in the city. They really cooked and seasoned it perfectly today and is was moist! Gem of phoenix. Menu is versatile enough for all tastes. And the wino in all of us will be quite happy with the extensive list! Went here for a Birthday dinner with our little one and they didn't have any high chairs or boosters seats. I guess we won't be coming here anymore!  but others will enjoy their evening. If you're looking for a nice place to eat or drink "The food here is great. The atmosphere is very relaxed as well  and stop ruining everyone's dinner. And I know that you're going to say ""But my child is"" STOP! Your kid is an annoying  is a Mexican restaurant. BUT I love The Rokerij. Can't count of how many times I've been there!! Absolutely everything I've had is great. I do a lot of the small plates. They're calamari with its sweet chili dipping sauce is so good that it has spoiled me that I rarely eat calamari anywhere else. Whether upstairs or down the service is great and you won't be disappointed!!" Wonderful food. Creative cocktails. Good wine list. Excellent service. Hate the TV... Excellent. We had a mushroom bread appetizer. It melted in your mouth.  I had the duck special.  The portions were large and delicious. 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg  prime rib sliders and the Carne Adovada. The food was good for the most part.  Calamari had a great aioli sauce on the side.  Sliders had good thick (possibly handmade) horseradish. The sauce on the carne adovada was a bit harsh like it was on the bottom on a large pot and has been on the heat for sometime. Maybe needed something to ""cut "" the severe chilli flavor.  The Jalisco Mule also was a treat and enjoyed it being served in a chilled copper mug!  The one other thing that kept me from giving a 5 star review is the music down there was a bit loud for folks to have a regular audible conversation.  Our neighbors at the table next to us were conversing in French. So the French and the blaring  music made the quiet of the late-night air welcoming as we exited the restaurant." What kind of restaurant labels themselves as mexican and doesent even have tacos on the menu? I came here because it said mexican and i thought they would have some kind of gourmet fish taco or carne asada taco. I was actually really unsatisfied at the menu it should be labled as american with mexican influence. The bacon wrapped filet with fresh crab meat on top is the most amazing thing they have there - to me anyways. I love this place. My fianc and I go here all of the time because the food is phenomenal and the service has never been poor. Definitely a must try if you live in the valley! 2dNlh8Qi1kobVGYYXBVQkg  but with a bit of a crunch on the outside and a fluffy center and served with warmed syrup. If you are ever presented with the opportunity Excellent specials and great food.  I had the steak with crab legs and it was cooked just how I ordered it.  We had 7 people in our party so they gave us a private room which worked out swell.  I recommend dining downstairs where there are comfy chairs and a fireplace.  The brie and steak on crostini appetizer is to die for! P.S. For those that are wondering (I definitely was before I came here!) it's pronounced ro-ker-ee and it means ""smokehouse"" in Dutch."  my favorite splurge being the prime rib. The service is friendly and the setting is cozy. I love to sit near the fireplace." We will not be going back." Atmosphere is spot on. Food was great. We went on a Sunday morning so it wasn't very busy. The waitress was also the bartender below so we didn't get as much attention as I'm sure we would have normally. Would definitely go again!  which is fine but then we could not order the prime rib from the dinner menu for another hour. None of the servers were fully sure of what we could and could not order or alter and none of these new rules were posted or stated anywhere. It seemed like everyone was just standing around waiting for us to order somethings so they could go talk about it and then come back to tell us we couldn't order it. Officially not worth the the prices." We'll definitely be back sooner this time!:-).   Our friends said they have a great happy hour."  and awesome food. Started in the basement bar which reminded us of what a speak easy would have been like then upstairs for apps and dinner. We are adding this to our favorite date spots."  I wanted to point out my steak and his error.  My friend had nearly finished his meal while I waited.  I finally gave in and ate it otherwise I might still be there right now waiting for him.  It was delicious but it's hard to enjoy good food when the service sucks." "This has always been a go to place for me. The downstairs bar and dining area with the fireplace has been a winter favorite. I went last week for happy hour and a bite. The food as usual was amazing. Sadly the downstairs bar staff were amazingly bad. Incorrect drink refills  I recommend the Chimayo Chicken and it was delicious.  Very flavorful as one might imagine after reading the menu.  The spinach and poblanos with Asiago cheese were wonderful.  Tastes literally melted in my mouth.  I love food like this. The atmosphere was busy and happening yet intimate.  Perfect for a solo meal or with a group."  2 cheese 1 shrimp with rice and beans! It was so good buttt a little spicy for my liking. My boyfriend thought it wasn't though so... Lol this place is so unique and fine. Must come again soon"  and poor customer service... Example...No splitting bills despite a large bill to them.... We have tried it too much and will now have to say good bye to them."  we sat in a big booth in the basement. And once with my parents who are in their 50s and loved it. It's not too loud  a bad experience was way too bad where I will not be back.  Ordered my usual but with a waiter that is known to notice the best.  He was too busy singing to the '70 songs playing and left our food in the window too long.  After knowing after many years you can't touch the plate The only feedback I would include is it's unprofessional to call your clients ""dear"" or other terms of endearment... Even if they do look young.  Despite this rookie mistake  but the chipotle mayo that our server suggest was really awesome.  He packed a little for us to take home and I used it later for my steamed artichoke.   Everything we ate was delicious.  The fact that we had the place to ourselves was even more awesome.  We had great food and didn't feel rush.  Everything was perfect." Would love to give this place a 5 Star but the service is the worst I've ever experienced. We have been here quite a few times and the food is always fantastic (both Richardson's and Rokerij) but the service is beyond bad 95% of the time:( We go to Richardson's usually and decided to give the other side a shot. The downstairs bar and lounge is awesome and quiet. Totally opposite of Richardson's. The menu is basically a steak house menu with some of the same apps as next door. The Green Chili Stroganoff was fantastic! My husband ordered the half duck and it was melt in your mouth amazing.  and the wait staff is very helpful in advising you on what you may or may not like. The bar downstairs is fun and lively. It's a good place to try something you wouldn't normally try." Amazing place and good food. Bartender was on top of everything. Glass never was empty. Stake was cooked to perfection. Highly recommended  and I paired it with their famous green chile sweet potato. Also had a bite of the Carne Adovada (their best known dish) and for good reason 5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg "I love this place! I like to come here with friends late at night during the week. Weekends can be packed with long wait times. The downstairs bar is a great place to have some drinks and appetizers with friends. Really intimate setting with the dimmed lights and fireplace. We always order the bacon wrapped shrimp We will definitely be back." Bloody Mary is always amazing  I love that they give you a beer chaser."  I visit Phoenix. The atmosphere there fits everything on the menu  they've got the chocolate lovers AND the vanilla babies covered! (The creme brle is my favorite). You may not get a server that is all puppies and sunshine There's also a reverse happy hour from 10 - close.  I must give it a try!" Consistently good food! This is a great date night spot. Plan to go early for a drink downstairs. There is a beautiful copper bar and quaint fireplace seating. 