 it was incredibly affordable.  The giant fish sandwich was $8 and the giant Reuben was $7.50.  Our drinks were always filled and we were checked on several times during the meal.  We will definitely be back!!!  Oh and a bit of advice ahead of time - they take CASH ONLY.  So come prepared Can't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.  and just about everything on the menu  is delicious. I'm not one to pick a place because they give you a lot of food "This place was very good. I found out about Emil's when watching a show called ""25 Things I Love About Pittsburgh"" on WQED hosted by Rick Seback. This place ain't a luxurious restaurant...it's a beer & a shot bar   lounge. But the people are friendly & the food is good. I had the fish sandwich which was great. It ain't in a great part of town "Old school.....traditional ""mom 'n pop"" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp. A great out of the way ack. Went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner. She's very nice all employees are super nice service was excellent i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the Ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable prices. Going back to try the burgers  i heard there enormous and very tasty." Wonderful reuben.  Map shown on Yelp page is incorrect. It is actually a different Hawkins.  I'd recommend a call for directions 412-271-9911. pdHC0oAcG7gNdhuFRAUu0Q Addendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich. Excellent. Truly. A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun). The fish was flavorful  no really. It took us forever to find but well worth it. It is right across the street from the Rankin Police Station. The menu has a wide selection  but the Rankin police station is right across the street.  Almost every visit there I have seen police officers inside mingling with the locals or picking up lunch orders.  Soon I plan to make a visit that's not a Friday during Lent to try other menu items." Other favorites include Reuben  as are the customers who eat there. Ample free parking makes it easy to go there. I didn't worry about the area- the police station is right across the street. Don't leave the Burgh without having (1) their fish sandwich  the food is really good. :)"  if you consider yourself a true Pittsburgher - you must visit this place.  It's one of the few places (Big Jim's in the Run is another) where the spirit of Pittsburgh is alive and hungry.  Please go."  Chrissy has taken what Emil started years ago and built it into a place we will return to again and again. Favorites are the fish and burgers "We had gone to the Frick Mansion for a tour and I told my friends we were stopping off for a lunch in Rankin. There wasn't much enthusiasm about the location but the reluctantly agreed.  We stopped in front and my wife said we aren't going in there are we? Well once the order the food and enjoyed the best Reuben Is a delightful hostess and makes you feel welcome.  Restaurant personnel are pleasant.   I really enjoy visiting Emils when I'm in town   My only regret is that they are closed Mondays.   Worth the trip" "I wouldnt say the best fish sandwich ive ever had...definitely a huge portion but rather bland and nothing special. Very nice people and good service but i would largely disagree with most of the reviews here. Atmosphere was quite drab  there was just a hint of green pepper in the sauce so I probably would avoid anything with red sauce at Emil's but that's just my quirk. I've had the stuffed cabbages there I remember the old man 20 years ago eating a giant size hamburger used asked me questions I miss those days food there is spectacular the fish is to die at four if you never been there just put it on your schedule of your things to do and I promise you you won't be sorry. "Great food  & service every visit. They do so many things right there especially taking care of the customers.  I have always received a hello  but just haven't been out this way lately.  This is now going to change.  Last week we had the wonderful fish - it has always been good.  Last week we stopped on a Tuesday after golf.  The bartender recommended the special of the day - the Chicken Romano with garlic and olive oil pasta.  It was truly outstanding!  I can't wait to go back and have it again!  The homemade Tomato soup with Asiago cheese was delicious as well.  Thanks Chef Tony!"  again - it's that good). My husband had the Shrimp stuffed with crab - wow! Love The other thing that stuck out for me was one of the customers. An older gentleman; he seemed to be a regular. I really  good crowd and staff - and get some decent mushrooms; why they spoil an otherwise above average pie with such inferior crap  and they are as perfect today as they were back in ancient times when I first started visiting the place.  Alexion's is a clean and peaceful little place in the Rook Station part of Green Tree Offers a quick lunch." KayYbHCt-RkbGcPdGOThNg "Awesome drink specials during happy hour. Fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious  it wasn't her fault she was the only server. But it took about an hour to get our sandwiches. Mine was one of the best reubens I've ever had." Grew up near here. the family would always go once a month. Haven't stopped in for a few years until last Friday with a few friends to grab a drink. The sandwiches are always amazing just as I remember. The staff is amazing and friendly. Great place for lunch as well. Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw. We will not be back . The iced tea is also terrible tasting.  assuming today was some aberration possibly due to a cook having a family emergency or something like that. Waitress was pretty good   won't be disappointed if you like bar food at a reasonable price.  Good place to go for ""Friday fish sandwich """  and relaxing atmosphere. Great wings and the buffalo chicken pizza is the best I've had. The sandwiches are all on thick cut Italian bread and fresh. Definitely  a hidden gem of the Greetree Carnegie area. Looking for a low key hole in the wall with good prices and great food this is your place."  wings were very good. Family owned establishment and everyone we met was great "Perfect joint! Don't be afraid as you pull up... It's a nice little neighborhood. Was in town on biz and my hotel was right up the street. Great service  good flavor but the fish was average.  I loaded it up with some tarter and cocktail sauce to help the flavor out.  It wasn't a bad sandwich just a tad small and mediocre for the price.  I would stop back to try something else another time and would love to grab a beer here  decent service and reasonable prices make this a good spot for a sojourn if in the area. The bartender was cool in offering samples of drafts before I selected  excellent beer selection!  Bartenders are great! It is a great hometown neighborhood bar with good people and friendly staff.  The food is a good selection of var type food with large sandwiches.  Excellent wings!" I go here to get away and enjoy a nice drink and great company. The service is always top notch and customer service is awesome. First class management and food. From what I understand it 'used to be' really good homecooked food. But apparently This place is dirty and smells food is reely bad I took it home and feed it to the dog. Hope he don't get sick from the food like I did. fNGIbpazjTRdXgwRY_NIXA  welcoming and the lounge was busy. It was Friday night and the special was the fish fry.  I ordered the fish and in the meantime I sipped on a draft brew.  The order was delivered to my table in no time.  The fish and sides were tasty and the portion size was large. As I was watching the game and enjoying the heck out of my dinner I noticed a dessert case with a nice selection of cakes.  Well needless to say I got a togo box for what was left of my dinner and ordered a slice of cheesecake.  Another good choice!  At the end of night the Penguins couldn't pull off the win over the Rangers but I definitely have a new ""go to"" when I'm in town.  Another star could be added for a smoke free environment.  I don't smoke but I understand they have a nice outdoor area for those who do."  and former boss all enjoy their food!"  endless soup and salad bar is great. Most food for your dollar. I highly recommend. Great bar. Good place to watch a game. The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings bucket or box. The wait staff is often clueless and changes like the wind. I have never had the same server twice. But the fact is you get a decent meal for a decent price and always have a little to take home. Yes "Great local bar. Theresa does a great job. Sandwiches are excellent. Recommend meatball "To be clear this is not a fancy place by any means. The decor is a little dated and leaves a lot to be desired. The food is basic and simple Generous portions of really great food.  Best fish sandwiches.  Not fancy ...real food for real folks ! "I have said it on other sites and will repeat here. You MUST try their burgers. They are juicy and delicious with a bun that is perfect. Another must are the fries with Guinness gravy and if you haven't had enough go for the ultimate sleeper  but the beer was cold and the food was amazing.  I would recommend paddy's to anyone."  Smithwicks and Harp on tap..."  I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy  that's not what this place is about.  It's a town Irish bar and it serves great solid Irish fare and suds to the locals.  And it does it better than anyone.  I go back again and again."  that they had to keep that same curmudgeon of a bartender that ruins the experience. Can somebody notify me once they get rid of him?"  they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons." First stop on the Munhall Beer Crawl 2011. It was just a local dive with local beers. No microbrews or imports." With all of the other options in the area Very friendly local dive bar. There is nothing special going on here but friendly folks and cold beer. This is exactly the kind of place I like to hang out in.  but it would be a hell of a lot more fun if I could have more than one watered down drink before I warbled my way through ""Paradise City"" with the rest of the crowd." "Really enjoyed this a lot more than I thought I would.  The drinks were on the pricey side Had a great time at Sing Sing a while ago with friends.  Friendly staff.  Will return. "Piano Man to the tune of Gangster's Paradise...what more do I have to say? Get there early if you want a seat "SingSing!!! What a blast! One of my favorite places to jam on Earth!! Cool bar  definitely a place to hit and have some fun if you are up for some fun and willing to sit through a couple clunkers of songs jokes. Having a fun loving group of friends to mock things with when they go off the rails a bit will help make it more fun." All and all a good time and someplace I'd certainly return to if for any reason I'd be back in Pittsburgh... as long as I have a car."  who are entertaining and very talented The birthday song is seriously the best. They sing to you....and call you some names....with expletives. But in a totally nice way of course. You just have to go!"  Sing Sing seems like it's stuck in the early part of the 21st century. The whole dueling piano  or they will look up the lyrics and sing it!! They aim to please :) I have definitely been pleased :)"  they will search for who requested the song so they can do something else the person will enjoy! :) Great humor too!! :)" I am sure I will be back in no time at all.  Next time The entertainment was great and I would recommend it for a group outing. But definitely make sure that you have a reservation." I would not recommend anybody go. I want my brain cells back."  each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller.  Crowd is an important component of a piano bar due to the interactive nature of it all.  I was there last Saturday night (8 4 12) and there was about 20-30 people there.  Very slow and boring.  It appears the crowd is no longer allowed up on stage "Had an absolute blast!! Great for any crowd Dueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!" First time here tonight and I must say I wasn't sure if I wanted to go. It seemed like it might be ok but nothing special but I decided to go with friends and man did I have a blast. The $7 door charge was great figuring u had music from 8 until probably 2 am ( we left shortly after 1). The food was not super but good prices reasonable. The beer left something to b desired as they r a micro brewery so u can only get their crafts. I asked for something similar to yeungling but what I got was nothing like it. The musicians were great they made this place awesome. We will b back and this may b our new Pittsburgh hangout I did enjoy when Matt and Joey were the ones up there because they are just amazing and make it so much better! They are great at what they do. Can't wait to go back!"  but is a splendid way to celebrate a special occasion. Definitely belongs on every required Pittsburgh experiences list."  but it does become a bit awkward when you have to keep scooting over to let waitresses and patrons past you. If you do find a seat Otherwise it's fun for special events every once in awhile."  why don't you take it up the butt"" which one of the pianists wrote on the mirror at the back of the stage... You get the idea?  Perhaps if I had not been the designated driver He was incredibly sexist homophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he didn't like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls.  by the 3 hour mark you'll be sick of sitting there in the crowd with your $9 a pop drinks listening to the same dirty jokes over and over and over again." There were some drawbacks though. We went on a Thursday night so the atmosphere was lacking as the place was pretty empty. And of course they are a little pushy soliciting tips when the place is empty. But it's not our fault the place is empty on Thirsty Thursday  but I found it annoying they kept pushing for tips all night long. We got the message. Server was nice and songs were good. It was super loud in there so be prepared. Super crowded Saturday night so make sure you come early"  and just a tad crude. But just enough to be funny."  and keeping the crowd pleased. Sing Sing is attached to The Rock Bottom Brewery so they have house beers. I did have the sampler and I enjoyed all six beers I sampled. What a great place to hang out. I highly recommend." We went there for drinks on weekend and the place had a good crowd. It's definitely entertaining and fun. Not family friendly though!" But all in all its a great change of pace! We would do it again  and fair prices-- nice casual place. The service can be a little slow due to how popular the place gets at peak times." They have a ten dollar minimum for credit cards  only good. Justin was satisfied with his meal. Its a good place to eat if you live in the neighborhood but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way." Great Bar in the up and coming Homestead area.....Highly recommend"  and this has become a favorite. I've had the Hot Roast Beef & Fries and the Corned Beef on Rye Stopped by on a Mon evening after trying to dine at Smoke Taqueria which is closed Mondays. Parking on street in front or behind off Hay St. Super friendly bartender. In warmer months they have huge outdoor area & big screen & upstairs cornhole game area. Okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection. Tried the italian club which was really good - two of us split one. Also tried sweet potato fries - amazingly good! Home made chips w bleu were overpowered by sauce. Bathroom was in need of plaster and wall repairs & was grossed out by toilet brush holder on a shelf near toilet at eye level. Bet it's a fun place in warmer months. Awesome wings and pubgrub! Great beer selection and fun bartenders. This place is overrated. A friend and I were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There's nothing wrong with this place I just don't understand the clout around it. There should be no clout.  but the food was average at best.  We were there on a Pens Playoff night and there were 2 people working all the tables in both rooms.  Our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that.  Our orders were somewhat mixed up.  The potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing.  I tasted a slice of pizza  and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie I'll definitely be back since I live in the area." "Duke...the owner...is the man.  He's a true Pittsburgher and he loves everyone from Pittsburgh.  He looks like he'll beat you up but he's a softy with a big heart.  Look for the bald guy with the raspy voice and make friends...he'll hook you up.  He's also totally into the development of other Pittsburgh businesses and he hosts events for local startups.  Ask him for a tour of the old Eat n Park next door...I believe his intention is still to turn it into an incubator of sorts.  Fortunately I'd say Duke's is a good place to drink "Food is good here. Great beer selection on tap. Sometimes the beer is on the pricey side. What I want from a neighborhood bar is a neighborhood special. Pinkerton is one of the best sandwiches. Good place to watch football  I wish I could purchase it. I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint I would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side "Came back tonight after a hiatus and missing out on getting food from the Franktuary truck at Voodoo Homestead. I was going to get a burger until I saw on the back of the menu that they do prime rib on Saturday evenings. For $19 you got a large cut of meat Was not over fried. The French fries were hot and also very good. We will definitely be going again to try something different." I've always been treated with a welcoming vibe from the staff and I don't have any complaints."  is the vast improvement in draft beer selection. I counted 46 beers on tap. If you are a beer head and are at the Waterfront shopping are I find it frustrating to read bad reviews about great bars and restaurants that are based on almost nothing. I eat and drink here about once a month and everything is great. I have eaten here around 50 times and never had a bad meal. Great draft and great service. This is the best bar in this area. I am looking forward to returning to Duke's this summer when I can sit outside and enjoy some craft beer and those delicious wings." The chili dogs rock!  The portions are huge so come hungry.  Big selection of appetizers that go beyond the standard bar food list.  Great selection of draft beer.  Noise level is good for lunch but may be loud for dinner. Love dukes and love the food. I wish i could figure out the closing times or i wouldnt plan so many after work gatherings. Their food is amazing never had a bad meal and their prices are standard for crafts and actually pretty cheap for domestic  and the staff! I highly suggest it to everyone who likes good beer and good food!" My youngest son had chicken tenders. They looked a little over cooked but I tasted one and it was good. The coating was crispy and the chicken was juicy. My older son ordered wings with their house made sauce. It was good but not spicy enough for him. I thought it was good and would order it the next time I go." Onion rings were horrible. Extremely breaded and doughy. Greasy as all get out. I hope the chef will take the hint when all of the breading comes back What a cool place in Homestead. Love the environment and the food was really good. Stop here then head to the Waterfront to see a movie. It will be a great night.  steak on the salad was ice cold even though we were asked how we wanted it cooked so I assumed it was cooked to order and would come out at least warm. The inside of the place was clean and neatly decorated so that is a positive. Really loud place inside. I'd come here for the awesome draft selections but might pass on the food."  good prices and selection on beer and solid service. Geographically not in the most convenient of locations though  but tasty enough.  Pleasant atmosphere and bartender was very friendly.  Would like to go back when the weather is better and the back deck is open.  Overall The transformation of this place is beyond amazing. If you haven't been there in a while you owe it to yourself to check it out. Clean and consistent. Friendly and fresh. Hands down our favorite place to eat in the area. Decent beer selection. Waitress was very pleasant and attentive. Bar staff not so much this visit. We were ignored until I grabbed a table in the back. Neither of us weren't very happy about this. Possibly a no standing policy since there was only one empty chair at the bar? At least say something acknowledge the customer that has been standing clearly in your view for 10 min obviously waiting for a drink."  the outdoor section is also really spacious and great for warm weather days. Beer selection is great and the bartenders waitstaff are ALWAYS on their game. When I come with large groups I find that the waitresses are always very attentive and quick on their feet. If I had one minor complaint it would be with the food. Some people might like it but when it comes to appetizers I just find that they go wayyyy overboard with the greasiness breading. I would highly recommend Duke's to anyone who is looking to mix it up." FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! . . . . BRING ON THE BEER!"  but at least it's different from going to an ordinary restaurant." sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New I like the atmosphere.  I like the bar area.  Perhaps next time we'll just stop by for drinks instead." Food is just ""ok"" Drink prices are fair but not great." Overall Dave and buster's is unique to the Waterfront  fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drinks and a bite to eat (skip the bountiful chains that span the Waterfront and try Blue Dust on Amity Street)." The manager was really nice... Of course that disgusting sandwich that I didn't eat was free."  so I can't rate the restaurant part of Dave and Busters." "We came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be. I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile. I love their new Wheel of Fortune game! On our first play There are so many other choices for lunch that are local and close.  I would definitely recommend another in Squirrel Hill - I suggest you use Yelp to find you a better one (then come back and play! ;-) )"  I had a bar tab (that wasn't out of control) and my night ended up costing me $60" "I love Dave and Busters!!  It is a great place to go when you are wanting to have a great time with a great group of friends.  If you find you and your friends bored on a Friday or Saturday night "Dave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win. I highly suggest if you want to plays games  I didn't like my experience at Dave and Busters. I remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between all the kids and the crappy service Not a cheap night out you will end up spending money here.  But it is busy fun entertaining and a good time out.  I ate dinner here and the food was great i also played pool and the arcade games.  my Tropical Mojito was awesome! My friend and I are definitely planning on going back on a Wednesday for half-price games AND half-price drinks."  but only order beer at the bar and don't expect a smile."  but only after I eat elsewhere first." - Fun time overall with the wife." Mediocre service. COLD food! Our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade. 1 beer per hour maximum.  Avoid at all costs. Fair manager.  we had empty glasses and our waitress had never even come around to see if we needed refills except for one time. She said she'd come back right away with our refills...yea * they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old" We went before 9 pm and there were a ton of kids there on a Friday night. I do suggest if you want to avoid the children to go after 9."  D&B's is a good spot to stop at for food and entertainment.  Just don't expect to be seated in the restaurant portion  I was really impressed! The amount of tickets to be won was incredible. We usually got 200 tickets per play on average. Compared to Playdium here "A fun place and lots to do but a bit pricy. $20.00 will buy you a hundred points which will last you a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game   PA last night. Waitress mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already too - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitress never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit - not even a refill. After spending over $300 plus games "Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around  in that time-frame we played 250 credits (cost= $40) but it was half-price games."  they split the difference between fun and professional. Special shout out to Riley "I still love this place!  I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!  i had so much fun  but a great spot to enjoy a few drinks & watch sports on the big screens. It's great for adult fun after 10pm. Great for a first date if you like to have a good fun & feel relaxed"  about the same quality that you'd get at an Applebee's or some place similar -- good but not great.  My steak was tough I had been here one other time for an organized happy hour for a past employer and remember very similar service but I never got the chance to give them any credit.  I think D&B is an awesome place when you need some space for your next event." It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it."  staff is friendly and its a good way to waste time before a movie. They do have good  food. Gets a 3 stars because I get bored easily at this location."  but it has gone down hill over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now "I was here on 10 3 and I have to say this was a horrible experience.  Me and a friend went here to eat and play a couple games afterwards.  It took the waitress at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not see her again.  We ordered and got our drinks and well let's just say we didn't see the waitress again until she was giving us our check (some manager delivered the food to the table).  No refill on my beverage I recently stopped there with my girlfriend and her kids to celebrate her daughters 21's birthday. I ordered the fish and chips. Don't order the fish and chips unless you want to lube your insides for months. I know I probably got the one that got away and they refried it 3 times. The outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste. The fish itself was bland. After a few bites I called over the waiter who was very nice and funny and complained by showing him how hard the fish was by tapping the fish against the plate making a loud thud noise. He grabbed my plate and took it to his manager. But before doing so asked if I wanted something else I said no I had lost my appetite. The manager came out looked around and walked right out of the area. I was thinking he would have stopped but didn't oh well. The waiter took my meal it off the bill. I have eaten there before and the food was good. Sometime you just get one that isn't.  the last couple of times I've gone I've gotten 2 hours of arcade games for a very cheap price (Mario Kart  let me say that I find the people who usually work at Dave and busters usually don't care or seem to be angry and hate their job. A friend and I went here and found that a couple of the machines ran out tickets and someone was always there and happy to help. The staff went out of their way to make sure we had a good time. The manager Tony was very sweet and made sure everything was ok. Every staff member we talked to was extremely nice. This is by far the best Dave and busters I've had been to!" "My sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kids could play games after we all had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. All of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though "We checked in at 7:00 pm on a Saturday with a group of 19 for a birthday gathering.  We were originally told 9:00 pm is when we'd be seated To top it off the bathroom had no toilet paper and there was pee everywhere!"  and I felt really bad for the employees that had to work that day Awful awful. Spent 150.00SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE. Took 27 minutes to even be acknowledged. Really. The only saving grace was the kids had fun and the hostess took AMAZING care of us......  Mikey & Big Bob for the 96.1 Kiss FM Listener Appreciation Party.  Kiss really knows how to throw a bash- $10 power cards I guess they are also remodeling their price area so for now there is a make-shift area to cash in your tickets. Everything was pretty picked over  which I have never done before. It was a Saturday night and as someone who works in a restaurant im very sympathetic when it comes to service. We sat at the high tables in the bar area and we did not get greeted or even acknowledged for 30 minutes. I personally had to get a manager and explain to him the situation and he treated me like I was stupid (maybe because im 17?) Also not to mention the little girl next to me is balling her eyes out because she told her server of an egg allergy she has and they still managed to mess it up and give her food marinated in egg. Last I overhead they are heading to the hospital. I'm not writing this message to be spiteful  etc.) and not well maintained or managed at all.  The broken games were sort of comical after a while  over hyped but a hell of a time regardless.  I think if you have a big screen tv at home and a wii you could order pizza get beer and have friends over and have the same experience without the price and glitz.  I've yet to eat something here that impressed me.  The arcade is a bit dated but I like playing the big trivia game more than anything (again  since it's very average. With all these good restaurants close by Fell asleep last night before I got a chance to do my review this place is pretty cool it's just an arcade with a bunch of games they have a bar & u can order food as well the prizes have gotten better however there a few games that weren't working I always go there to either eat dinner or have drinks .never had a problem with the food or drink.sometimes i will play games there sometimes.the girls behind the counter are very nice even the one guy Brett is also nice.he works very hard from what i can see as well as the girls that work there . even the one girl behind the counter was dressed very nice.when i do go there they do know what i like to eat or drink. Although the restrooms should be cleaned a little more. Wednesday's are half off game night. Menu includes some meals that also provide ten dollar game cards. It's loud and crazy but that's what is to be expected. The kids love this place. It's ok. Not my thing but I understand the fascination. sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New Great games and prizes. Amazing food.great way to enjoy your day with your family!!! Super busy place.  salad and a quesadilla shouldn't take that long. Games were fine. Mens room didn't have any paper towels to dry hands with. Huge fail for this type of venue."  but not a place i would frequently waste my money."  Sean and the managers made sure that our experience was memorable and even added extra touches that made us feel special. Thank you "This wasn't the cleanest place. Dirty paper towels all over the women's bathroom. No changing covers on the changing tables to change your Babies. Very disappointed when I came here compared to the other two I've been too. Also they aren't following corporate policy. Which ok  we went through $50 of games really fast. The gift section is full of fun tchotchkes and prizes if you pay enough to rack up the points! Nevertheless Had an awesome time here with my hubby the food was amazing but the games cost so much an the prizes where ok but all in all a good time I'll be bring the kids with next time  but after my husband came out of the restroom he told me how about 5 other guys walked out of the restroom as well that had not washed their hands and immediately went over to start playing games.  All I have to say is no thanks." "The food was good but we Waited an hour for our drinks then 1.5 hours food then an hour for our bill. Won't be back! Not busy at all so not sure what the problem was. I'd hate to be there when they are ""busy""." I would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat. Drink play games fine. I will never order food there again." Went to Dave and busters to eat.... NO FOOD. Went to Dave and busters to play.. NO GAMES. Then I thought I'd wet my whistle with a cool glass of H2O..they even RAN OUT OF WATER... Some lady even yelled at me in line to purchase game tickets accusing me of cutting line. SUCH HOSTILITY. dave and busters? More like BEAVIS & BUTTHEAD. SMH "This is a place I'd go to just for the games. The food was bad. I had the chicken sliders and there was two pieces of wood in the sandwich which I found in my mouth. Granted the manager did take off the price of the sliders but everyone's fries were lukewarm. My sister got the chicken fingers and wow I'll be back for sure but this place needs some serious staff updating."  but the staff rudely expressed this and smirked at us because we were under 21. Awful place with rude people." Moved onto gaming area where approximately 1 out of 5 games were not operating properly. This place has really gone down hill in the past 3-4 years. We will NOT be going back!"  eat somewhere else then head here to play." 4pm on a Friday afternoon and I got turned away for being 8 days under 21 I had no intention drinking and there was all of 4 people in the place even if I was 21 I would go to rivers downtown it's not like they can put a wristband saying I'm 20 or anything. worst service wver i asked for someone to come over 3 times and we sat at a table for 20 minutes while a whole swarm of servers were just walking around passing us. not to mention alllll the tables in the whole game room were dirty. even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us. drinks took forever too and it wasnt busy at all the bartenders didn't care much they stood there for awhile. we will still go here just not try to eat. they need some structure in the work atmosphere. I am extremely disappointed in how the staff and manager delt with this and will not return to this specific Dave n Busters."  some creepy middle aged man came up to me and my wife asking if he gets us a certain amount of tickets on a game (which we had to pay for) then we buy him an alcoholic beverage. What in the world is wrong with this man?!?! Couldn't find any management workers to advise so we just walked away and avoided him for the rest of the night."  this place is highly unhygienic. they don't clean any silverwares "The service was terrible. Games are games at any Dave & busters but service makes or breaks this place. I understand it was busy tonight because of the fight  and hopefully we will be able to find prizes worth taking home!" Nina the manager and Ashley the cashier extremely RUDE. refused to give me back change from kiosk malfunction. made me leave because I was with my girlfriend who was 20 and I was 23. supposed rule about someone under 21 needs to be with someone 25. rule is in about 3 size font. highly recommend that no one ever goes here. Worst service ever and all of our food was either cold or not what we ordered. Waited over a hour for our food as well. Our service was awful as well. Bathrooms were so disgusting and un-kept. I don't think I have one good thing to say about this place. Games - who doesn't like game? They have a ton of variety from hoops to racing. Afterwards (if you're lucky) you can redeem tokens at their reward store." The show itself was highly entertaining and the crowd seemed to agree -- Lee kept everyone on their toes for the entire 60 minutes.  I can't wait to check out more shows here and flex my skee-ball arm!"  don't try to eat here. Just come and play the games  however things went south fast there were children everywhere and i am not a nice person aroud children when i drink...lol. these kids hogged up everygame the entire night leaving me creating my own entertainment  which involved staring at there young moms and older sisters. I wish there were no kids. After a few hours and a 3 course meal i decided to make my own fun.  I kicked a child off a racing game chair and they precided to cry like a little girl.  She was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong. After a few choice words with management i will never go back there again and will only lock my kids inside of my car somewhere more adult like seabase." "How ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids. I drove 40 minutes to take my younger brother to Dave and Busters for a fun afternoon but we were denied. Their policy states anybody under the age of 21 must be accompanied by an adult over the age of 25. I'm 22 years old and I don't understand why I can't bring my 12 year old brother to play games. We've gone many times a year for the past 15 years. After todays experience If they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating. 2.5 hour wait and then cold food served. Did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates. Bathrooms atrocious. Nothing positive to say other than don't go there.  the server kept calling me baby all night. Staff is rude. Half the games don't work. The food is the only good thing this place has because it's somewhat unique. I did a survey that was on my receipt and gave my negative experience and it said a a manger would be in touch based on my answers and it's been a week and no call. What a joke."  a man shows up out of nowhere with a camera asking to take our picture for a keychain--it's free but he's ""working for tips"". Other than these two odd happenings I come to D&B for the games and not the food. Aside from the horrible customer service I've experienced Games were fun...as always. Eat before you come to play!"   the yummy eats and most of their cocktail menu is pretty darn impressive. I always go for the Passion Fruit Sangria or the Backwoods lemonade that comes with a shot in a mini Solo Cup. They can be pricey after a while that's why I show up for happy hour. If you're into gaming do show up on a Wednesday where all games are half off." sbW8qHJgzEIH42B0S-3New  i had tried the spicy killer ones and didnt even have to drink water. but overall its a nice place to go because it's cleaner than most bars you will go and it serves better food than other places as well."  awful service.  Staying at the Sheraton here I've patronized Bar Louie a dozen times recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time  Rob ordered a long island iced tea and Matt had a miller light.  Make sure and tell them if you want a top shelf tea else you'll be getting the stuff in the plastic bottles.  I sampled Rob's long island tea and it was not that good way too much sours.  The next one he ordered was much better after a little guidance to the bartender.  The bartender herself was okay This place is mainly a ""bar"" and does get crowded but I really like the pizza here.  In fact I've never had a bad meal.  The staff are ussually very helpful but it does get a bit loud inside when crowded."  and a spicy queso dip. The queso is my favorite but they were all delish. I also got the bruschetta which was very garlicky but delicious. 5-7 M-F is 1 2 off appetizers so I was able to get both the pretzel sticks and bruschetta for 7 bucks as a meal. The menu had a pretty wide range- my friend very much enjoyed a pear and chicken salad. We didn't get drinks but some looked good..." Be warned that the seats make you feel like you're going to be swallowed by them. Seriously  and we did enjoy walking around seeing the fountain dance to ""Pour some sugar on me""  seriously?!?!?  Yes!   Classy eh?" All in all would rather drive down the road to the south side for a post movie food grub and tottie." Bar Louie:  You are dead to me."  and house salad with ranch (their ranch is so good I could eat it with a spoon)" It's sad when a place you love turns into a place you never want to go again. I think I'm being very generous by giving it two stars but because I used to love it so much I can't rate it that low. Part of me hopes it gets better  and 2 pineapple juice + vodka I was charged $31.03. I didn't have time to complain or ask. I won't be going back." Food was ok. Waitress was a huge air head. Waited 25 min for my $7.00 beer. Only got it after I reminded her. It is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised as a local commodity. Bar Louie has some very flavorful and fun dishes for bar food Nothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staff and hungry patrons. I very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first. I came here on Saturday ay 6pm. Almost none of the diners had food on their table and many of them didn't have drinks in the 15 minutes I was there I counted 9 waitress again I counted 9 waitresses and not a one of them came over to our table to get even a drink order. Just from the looks of it I could tell staying any longer would be a total train wreck. So after 15 minutes of waitress counting we left with empty bellies."  but she definitely did not come back and check on us enough. I really wanted to like this place because of things I had heard and the drinks we had were really damn good  but it is not like there were people standing at the bar trying to get drinks - everyone was seated and I'm sure they face much busier times. We sat in our new seats for almost 15 minutes (I timed it - I am not exaggerating) Went here for drinks and nachos and it is a very nice establishment.  The nachos were very good the drinks pricy but t be expected in a setting like this place.  There are fire places outside on the patio a huge bar and even though it doesnt seat many there is a very nice cozy setting upstairs.  Go here to relax or enjoy good food both thumbs up.  and I would suggest you try any of them; but stay far away from this place!"  right across the movie theater." love the ambiance and food!! $1 burger night on Tuesday. Add ons more.  anything would be better price wise. $3 for draft and a big selection of beers so good times. also it's right across the theater so it's a good place to go and chill before the movie starts.. which is exactly what i did haha." "It was the first time that I went to this location.  We sat outside and it was a beautiful night.  I had the BBQ Burger with fries.  For the price of the burger I expected something much better.  It was a very thin burger when it came to the meat.  As a whole it looked large but that was only because of what they piled on top of it.  In addition My recommendation is to understand what Bar Louie is good at (Happy Hour) and only frequent the restaurant at those times!"  I would not recommend this place unless you have money to make it rain. Food was way too average for the high price."  it has been really good. I've found the staff to be professional  but because of the service I won't be returning." Great to stop in right before a movie at Loews  not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever." We'll definitely go back again."  and they have thee Best Lemon Drop Martini's... Plus the Bar Tender looks like Clark Kent(Superman) very handsome guy" I'm eager to see if this place sees a huge drop in business when Burgatory opens across the street."  so I am not sure how long it took us to get a server but it was at least 5-7 minutes.  Then we got our drinks at 7:04.  The only reason that I know is because I was looking at my phone because my husband and I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour.  That went out the window.  When our friends for there; they ordered drinks.  We finished them and left.  The server was nice Can't speak about the food since we didn't have any but atmosphere was loud and it was difficult to have a conversation without repeating yourself."  maybe like 10 tables with people at them and I saw 3 waitress walking around. I think it's probably a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant  the food is good ole American bar grub and their beer selection is decent.  The staff has been nothing but nice even when my wannabe rowdy group of friends spent many a summer day sitting a table for four hours drinking dollar beers.  As long as Bar Louie still keeps having $1 Burger Days (Tuesdays) and $1 Beer Days (Wednesdays) The food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics! Food is Shitty probably would be good if they had a cook that knew how to cook it correctly.  Staff is ok no complaints drinks are good as well  either. Most of the people sitting at the bar were a bit older than we were. It seems that Bar Louie is trying too hard to be trendy with the decor neon blue lighting extensive martini list. Maybe I'm just salty about the wait." I would highly recommend the Bruschetta Pomodoro and the calamari (breaded just right and not overdone)." Really the only thing good about this place is the happy hour. No one wants to pay $8 for a glass of wine that is a short pour and bottom quality. So while the food and drinks are fine enough the loud venue and prices mean that this is definitely not one of my favorite places - and given the other options we have at the Waterfront I don't expect to be back in any time soon." Our server was great and we'll definitely be back." Great environment at night! Songs going on very lively!! The food of my friends who ordered burger and fried shrimps was not that great. But I ordered chicken flatbread which was really delicious! Absolutely loved it  will definitely go here again just for the flatbreads Be sure to make a reservation because they can get busy too!" We went on a slow Sunday night. It was clean and the food came out on time. Again I rate a places on what I expect it to be and what it try's to be not what I think it should be. So just a different kind of Fridays. Also great music playlist."  because we wandered around the crowded restaurant for about 10 minutes before we found a seat. The food and service certainly made up for it though!" Best place for a late dinner. They have a pretty diverse and interesting  menu. Kitchen is open til 2am. The atmosphere is very relaxing and staff is always pleasant. I went this evening. The chop chop salad was awesome. The shrimp tempora was too bready. The bartenders were awful. Located across from the movie theater this is a good place to go before or after a flick with your hot date.  I say skip over priced Burgatory and come here on Tuesday for dollar burgers.  Just as good and half the bill." Food was 7 out of 10 for this type of bar   restaurant. Service was extremely poor and bar service was also extremely poor. Untrained and understaffed bartenders will keep me from coming back. No reason to not be able to get a drink when sitting at the bar.  but service was NOT good and I think it may have been amateur night in the kitchen. Food took a long time to arrive for a simple fried appetizer - approx. 20 mins. with zero acknowledgment from my bartender.  Shrimp were cooked well  and I'm always told after my order is put in and the kitchen decides it's now time to tell the wait staff they're out of something. It may be time to start frequenting a different location besides the one on the Waterfront." Well it's 9pm on a Tuesday and no tater tots. Dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature. Not very happy. Will try the station square bar Louie next time.  it takes a very long time to get served. I have waited up to 30 minutes between rounds while sitting at a relatively empty bar."  but their healthier food options are really lacking.  I tried to get the blackened fish tacos and the fish was really dry and overcooked and of poor quality.  The tortillas were completely stale and hard and had large gashes down the middle.  They have a decent beer selection but when I asked what their seasonal Great Lakes on tap was they said the Christmas ale (it's the last week in April now). I knew that if I ordered that draft it would be quite stale as it's probably been in there for 6 months now My friends and I went down to the waterfront to enjoy some shopping and have dinner. Everywhere was pretty busy so when we went into Bar Louie we were not upset it took at least ten minutes for a server to come to our table. He immediately brought our waters over and we ordered drinks. Only another 30 minutes until he brought ONE martini over. We ordered our food and after talking to management it still took 45 minutes and our order was messed up. We tried to be understanding when we learned it was only our servers first day but you would think that management would try to help the poor guy out! He didn't get out of the weeds for the 2 hours we were there. Very disappointing and embarrassing on managements part. We weren't the only people having horrible service because when we looked around the bar everyone was upset. I hope they will let the server get some more experience rather than feeding him to the wolves on the second day.  which was open per the sign.  After 20 minutes we got up and went outside. After 20 minutes outside and after the waitress taking care of and making small talk with the table next to us "Should have checked the reviews before we went. I've been to ""real"" Bar Louie's in other cities. This is not one of them. Was seated for 20 min and no wait staff came to take our order. Several of them made eye contact but did not feel the need to ask if we had been waited on. Awkward. Then someone came over with two plates of food trying to serve us. We thought  yet family place.   A little noisy so not for date nights.  A little bit sports bar like but not like Champs.  Food was great.  Had boneless chicken nuggets (el fuego).  Side salad was very good.  I had verde chicken pasta and my husband had cod skewers with shrimp fried rice - I had some and it was delicious.  Clean bathroom- very important." "I just walked into Bar Louie while we wait for our table at Burgatory. We sat down at the bar and one bartender half acknowledged us and said he would ""be with us in a minute"". We continued to sit there and wait. While she talked to other employees and walked around the bar to talk to the servers. The only other bartender was slowly walking around the other end of the bar. When she finally did make her way to our end she greeted the people who just sat down and ignored us who had been sitting there for 7 minutes. This was NOT a busy time and therefore has no excuse for us having to wait more than 2 minutes for a drink. We got up and walked out and will never be back. I have never had a good experience with Bar Louie no matter where it has been. Their customer service is always subpar. Awful." Great place for late dinner after work. Kitchen stays open late. Real good food. Full bar and real good service. Great location. This will not be a go to destination for me but it is a decent happy hour choice."  and sometimes I go and the service is really slow and the drinks are flat or just plain bad.  The one thing that is usually pretty consistent though is the food.  Any food that I have ordered has always been pretty good.  I've never had an amazing experience here  if you're in the waterfront and are thinking of Bar Louie "Worst bar I have ever been to. They used maybe no alchohol in their drinks and consistency had no meaning here. We ordered three berry mojitos and they were different significantly. I posted a picture  the restrooms were extremely filthy and clearly had not been stocked or cleaned recently.  Maybe it was just an off night for this place The worst bar and the worst service in the area. If I could give it 0 stars I would. There is not one positive thing I could say about any times Ive ever been here. It has now been added to my very short list of places I will never step foot in again. Please... Take your hard earned money elsewhere. "My boyfriend and I came for $1 burger night and the food was delicious! I am not a huge bread fan; I usually eat my sandwiches open faced but I loved the buns. My boyfriend ordered a $1chicken and a $1burger  and got both chicken. That wouldn't be a big deal if the service made up for mistakes. We love the atmosphere and taste of food but the service is horrible. This review is not based on a one night experience. Out of three different times we have experienced bad service- very inattentive. Managers need to review the importance of service with their staff.  If some one likes you and you are attentive to their needs Buffalo chicken flat bread - great but hot too" "Sat at the bar at about 240 Saturday for appetizers and drinks. Not super busy but took over ten minutes for a draft beer and martini. Took 20 for appetizers. No offer to refill drinks or for water. Bartender was organizing glasses or drying glasses...passed us a couple times no eye contact despite empty glasses pushed forward. Others at the bar were also sitting with no drinks "I made a reservation for 6 on a Saturday night. When we arrived we were told by one of the waitresses that they didn't make reservations for less than six.Then she changed that to six or less.  I asked to speak with a manager who told me they don't make reservations for less than ten.  They had no record of my reservation.  The manager was rude.  She asked if I had called the right location.  When I confirmed that I had Would we visit this place again? Who knows but it helped us kill sometime before we had to go to sing sing"  but it was steady. When we walked in no one was around the door and there were dirty tables everywhere. So we made our way towards the back and sat down at the only clean table. It seems like the waitresses won't clean the tables until after new customers sit down. After a few minutes "Valentine's Day! Terrible service. Waitress wasn't attentive at all which would be understandable if it were extremely busy but it was just steady. Food is overpriced for portions.  Small flies flying around restaurant. I investigated myself to see where from and found fly eggs hatching from dirty toilet paper on the floor in the men's room near the corner by the plunger. Mortified by this  and dollar brews on Wednesdays. It's very close to the movie theater so good for a date night! But just make sure you give yourself a little time because the service is a bit bad." Still a worthwhile Happy Hour to check out:" "A nice little quiet restaurant to come in for lunch. I'm a little biased since in college my friends and I would come here for dollar burger night every Tuesday and that was the highlight of my shitty week. But I still recommend this place  and I can say that this location (as opposed to the nasty one in Station Square) is pretty okay. The restaurant is spacious inside with plenty of potential to expand outdoors during the warmer months. We had excellent table service from a very nice server who did a good job keeping everyone's drinks full. It was dollar beer night  the burger and portabella were worth the wait. And gimme some more o' dem tots yo! Straight up addictive with salt + pepper and a hint o' lime. Bar Louis is showing its age "I've been to Bar Louie several times and I don't have much to say about the food other than is it average and pretty boring bar food. The one thing different is the option for tater tots which people seem to enjoy. Service is fine and prices average. My most favorite thing from Bar Louie is without a doubt Love places that keep eating out fun.  This is a place where they remember your name!  Recommend strongly!!" Great food... Superb service... Great to see a chat in restaurant can still offer patrons something to come back for!" Literally the only place to stop in waterfront. Best happy hour!! Martini and drafts half off? Our server Kayla was phenomenal. Food was good. Waitress was Kayla and she was excellent. It was busy but she handled it and gave our table undivided attention. Thanks Kayla.  frozen food that's reheated in a microwave and $10 drinks that tastes like sugar water. Skip this place if you don't want to feel ill after dining." Never again will I eat at Friday's.  I will Haven't been to TGIFridays for years and was never really a huge fan. I get tired of going to the same places all the time for lunch so we decided to try it out. I must say that I was very impressed with how extensive the menu was and all of the delicious options. I had the two for $10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips. I was told that the broccoli soup is very thick so I opted for the French onion. It was okay but I think that I would get a salad instead of the soup next time. The chicken strips were wonderful and I am still craving them. The portion was huge and there were leftovers. My co-workers ordered the Jack Daniels Sampler and burgers and were jealous at the portion and choices from the pick two. The service was good and we had no issues. I will definitely be back. This place.. Is ok if ur grabn something quick .. But they do have a great happy hour tho Boo!  What happened to this location?  It used to be happy and fun!  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by?  So sad. I would return here for lunch like I did today." I'd recommend the TGI Fridays out in South Hills Village over this one any day."  but I enjoy the Yucatan Salad it's delicious. My children love Fridays it's usually there 1st choice. I also love the Cajun Chicken & Shrimp Pasta very very good."  was very attentive.  I asked for celery in my bloody mary.  Not only did it come with a celery stalk in it I had a gift card so I decided to use it for a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average!  which very overdone and dry. Had to drown it in mayo to get moisture in it.  My friend ordered nachos and what arrived looked like they had broken some taco shells down the middle  the restaurant was not even close to busy and my section of about 5-6 tables was ignored."  but admit that they wouldn't be my first choice so much as a solid back-up plan for when other Waterfront eateries are super busy."  when you walk in the restaurant has a very stale grease smell that permeates throughout the restaurant I was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone.  Thankfully our server did a nice job." The potstickers were very hot when they were first served and after awhile Quite possibly the worst service and seating arrangement known to mankind. I cannot believe this restaurant is actually redesigned to accommodate bigger crowds better. The wait staff didn't even acknowledge our party  of 9. When they did they seated us at 2 different tables because they couldn't figure out how to accommodate us. See my attached photo of how absurd the situation was because they weren't even busy. I called ahead so we didnt have a long wait. I checked in when i got there recieved text from them as well as downloaded the no wait tip. All was working until we had one in front and nothing socthey sat 4 more tables and we ask and they dropped my reservation. Luckily the lady at the booth saw my text from them and cleaned a table and sat us right away but that was pretty frustrating being 9 months pregnant w a 6 yr old and my mother in law w back problems and having to stand there when we should have been seated. Otherwise the food was great i got endless apps and it was so filling for the money. Service was excellent we had Ed and we was really great made the experience very pleasant so thank you to him. Overall good experiance other than the reservation experiance and FILTHY bathrooms!! That is all.  Thank you."  why was my pot sticker appetizer in my beer? I did not find this funny at all!" "Was there today and never disappointed service is always high above average! You get waited on fast and was not disappointed with the waiters or waitresses. They leave you alone while you eat and just come by and grab your drink and refill it UBGit0gO1uZADXu7jjqbyg  since we've had a grand ole time and good food in past visits." The 7 ounce house sirloin is the bomb! 'Nuff said.  see Nucc. He's great." I stop here when I want a change of pace and want to save a few dollars on a lunch." "Pretty good performance by the Applebee's in Robinson a few days ago. We ordered our food after 10pm four cheese mac and chees with honey pepper chicken is bomb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That should say it all right there....." Was there second time awesome time very beautiful woman great dancing fairly classy girls free drinks an awesome bathroom attendent had a blast only one that I go to cheap dances  but really tasty flavors and spices. We went for all-you-can-eat wings night but sadly I could barely finish my first dozen. Beer selection is much improved since  Turadg A.'s post; they have about 30 or so available to choose from."  Bar foods. The floor here is always super slippery.  It doesn't matter if I am wearing heels or sneakers.  I just don't get why the floor is like and ice skating rink." Highly highly recommended." The bar is nice in the summer when they open the garage doors.  It's a nice bar to get a beer with friends where you can grab a table to eat then hang out at the bar to watch the game.  But The beer was pricy - Tuesday night I had a maker's sour for the same price as a pint of beer..."  even for the northeast. I would not come here unless you want to watch a game that you cannot see at home." The food is hit or miss. I got the French onion soup last time. It was good. Nothing ground breaking Pretty good bar food.  It's conveniently located and a fun atmosphere.  lots of vegetarian options.  A vegetarian in our party was floored by the possibility of having every burger or chicken sandwich made without meat or meat products."  and the toppings were great!  I loovveeed the shredded chicken that didn't have a bunch of gross grease all over it."  make sure to get the sweet potato fries & tip your waitress! (Especially if her name is Meg)."  Buffalo Blues for all you can eat wings. There are a ton of sauces to pair with these wings. They bring them out 5 at a time so plan on ordering your next selection when your wings come out because they take quite a bit of time to come. I don't think I have ever eaten the other food here except for the wings because they are pretty good. The only downside to this place is that service is really really slow." I chose 4 stars because it is constantly an above par establishment.  5 stars would require something really enticing to set it aside in character from a slew of other sport bar venues.  I would like to observe the spring summer atmosphere inwhich I'm anticipating another review to be 4 stars."  and grilled cheese are all good. The regulars and servers are pretty nice people. We watched the Saint Steelers game here (with our Saints attire on!)  leaving a major part off an item and being told that the kitchen is out without any rectification will make me think twice before returning here again.  It is a shame because Buffalo Blues does have potential." Not particularly interested in returning for any reason."  and relaxed than the crowds I've experience in other sports bars in town. Most of my average experiences revolved around non-game times when you try to get a more traditional meal and realize that there are just better options in Shadyside for lunch and dinner."  pretty dry. How can you go wrong with a club but the thick cuts of turkey did not sit well with me and I didn't like it at all. Bad texture. The commercials and time with fun friends saved the experience but I wouldn't go back to eat. Just drinks and sports. I like the location. Easy to park. Close to shadyside. Madonna really was the show stopper this night and unless she performs here I most likely won't be back."  full of flavor and cooked perfectly. I recommend this burger! It also had salsa and guac on top with some cheddar cheese and my mouth is still watering for it. Tip? Get the sweet potato fries!"  is not the place that would sway me to go to watch a game there with my friends (I'll still say that some kind of playoff game of the Steelers-Ravens I watched at Big Jim's was one of the best sports-watching experiences of my life).  And This place is a wannabe sports bar that tries too hard to be high end. Just watch out for the vomiting college kids with trust funds...they're everywhere!!!!!"  until yesterday. I came in for a quick bite to eat and ordered the Hot Veggie sandwich. It was FANTASTIC - the best veggie sandwich I have had here in Pittsburgh. Other than that Writing this review makes me sad because it is a great place to drink beer and watch the game. The beer is reasonably priced but the food is just expensive for what it is. I essentially live across the street so I know I'll go back  usually went there for world cup and euro cup soccer games as well." Good fun place to watch games while drinking and eating chicken wings or sandwiches.They have a good selection of wings and decent beer. I try different kinds of wings  every time  I go in but so far spicy garlic has been my favorite. This is a typical sports bar. "Good place to watch a sports game.  Beer specials were good. Food is very overpriced though.  The wings are about the worst I've ever had... and I've had alot of wings growing up in Buffalo This place is open late if you need a bite to eat  and another 20 to get home. That's over an hour of our evening completely wasted which left us starving after a hard days work. I used to work as a server so I could understand if the place was busy and the staff was short handed The problem i have with the place is that Buffalo Bills fans congregate here and cheer on every mediocre play their football team makes I paid $16 for a beer and a sandwich that my friends had to wait for me to eat to leave.  I would say I won't go back  11 2. My friends and I sat at the pretty much empty bar for over 5 minutes with no service. The bartender walked by us a few times and didn't even acknowledge we were there. As we walked out Great beer selection and nice happy hour deals. I recommend the garlic parm wings. Good service too  I hate it because I believe the alcohol and food is overpriced.  The food wouldn't rub me the wrong way so much if I thought it was worth the price Upshot?  In the absence of a new sports bar opening up  equipped with doughebag bros that went to the same fraternity in college and the Jersey Shore bimbos who pine for them. The last time that I went there were two guys throwing up outside of the bar on the sidewalk. I fully admit this is a subjective review  she realized the keg for the beer my husband ordered was tapped. We were sitting at the booths right next to the bar but instead of the bartender just telling us so we could make another decision and get our drinks as soon as possible Lauren was a nice server even though the table in front of us put her through some bs-- they ate all of their food then complained to the server and asked for the manager complaining that what they got it wasn't what they ordered... no idea why they waited until every scrap of food was gone to complain but you know "Watched a bartender serve a guy a beer when he was visibly intoxicated. He was swaying in circles on the chair next to me. I told the manager about it and he told me ""that guy is just crazy  it could be delirium ( highly doubtful) or it could be pbr. But over 20 beers on tap pretty much all craft beers. Reasonably priced beer and food."  as far as I could discern this sports bar only had one waitress trying to cover over 30 customers. And this on a Saturday with the world cup games. I saw only one waitress and a bar man. The gal was valiantly trying to keep up. But the burger was great." If you need an ""All American"" food fix  my BF frequently orders one or the other and I always have my fair share of tastes. he raves about them so....If you looking for a nice place to watch a football or hockey game or just craving some good food I highly suggest it!"  and met my daughter there last night for Happy Hour specials as advertised on the web site.  First clue:  no Happy Hour promos mentioned in the bar except for the Yeungs and Wings (which was not what we were looking for).  We came close to leaving as my beer was off the draft list Wings are overpriced. And the quality of them are bad. They were tough and greasy. The staff are pleasant but then over all experience was too expensive for a sports bar. Not bad atmosphere little cramped in the booths in the bar area. Wings were really good actually and the Boozy Buffalo was yummy. "Can't believe this place only has 2.5 stars.. A 1-star should be absolutely disgusting and dirty which this place is not. Those who are rating this place a 1-star need to take out that stick up their asses and take their hate elsewhere. Every time I've been here "I love this place. I been going here for years. I loved the BBQ sauce when it was used at the old Hot Licks in Shadyside and later The Motor Square Gardens. I was happy when I found out Buffalo Blues used the same recipes. The service is okay This place is pretty good! My coworker and I come almost every Friday for half off drafts and wings. Service is decent and everything I've eaten here (except the Yinzer Fries...those are kind of gross) has been delicious. "Decided to grab a drink and a quick dinner with my ball n' chain at the bar.  I ordered the half n' half combo of soup and sandwich (grilled cheese and tomato soup).  The Husband had the grilled chicken sammie.  As soon as the kitchen dumped out my order the bartender immediately took issue with the portion size.  It was much appreciated.  He immediately went back and got me more food.  Regardless of how good the service "Went to wing night last night (06 10) and had the most kickass service at the bar. The wings were awesome  but the place is always dirty and hot as hell. I wouldn't recommend... head next door to Mad Mex or literally anywhere across the Highland Ave. bridge." "I've only been there a few times but it was a nice place - good staff Always good vibes at Shadow!" Among the best of the 'burgh.  Great live acts on a regular basis.  the sound system is a complete BANGER with crisp and clean sound.   The crowd is mad cool and always responsive to good music.  Shadow Lounge really holds it down for Pittsburgh's scenes no matter the genre.  Can't visit Pittsburgh without stopping by Shadow Lounge."  cafes are bountiful. Ever since the first time I stepped foot in Shadow Lounge a sense of familiarity and peace overwhelmed me. Gotta give it up to the owner There was also another room with couches and big TV and another club (?) linked to Shadow Lounge that looked more hip-hop and danceclubby. There was no dancing going on though and the room was rather empty."  it was impossible to get a drink at the bar. There were two bartenders trying to serve 300 people. In sum  and nice environs! Go here!" "Just relocated to Pittsburgh (2010) and heard about this place. Saw two concerts (Bilal and Tobbey Boney) for under $30 bucks each.  The drinks are yummy  plue DIRT CHEAP!   The owner ( dude with a fro think beard) is really nice.  Heck Great club bar lounge venue. Great mix of people and music with decent bartenders and good prices on beer.  and not just standing and staring on the side lines. Did I mention that it was a live 10 person salsa band? Yes I will be back every time I am in Pittsburgh!"  I went here to check off another life list item...SPOKEN WORD! I did it! The crowd was open & welcoming to all that performed. There are some awesome artists in Pittsburgh! Also for $5.00  but tasty. The key lime pie martini and the steak burrito are a great pairing! I continue to love this place ZDKi3qsO8lSSogrIdbLJKg "Absolutely amazing! Great staff and service! Best music in Pittsburgh  or mix up something special and surprise you if you would like. Again...I'm probably not cool enough to hang out with them I just went to their Titletown Soul & Funk Party and it was a really great time. Great music Best jazz open mic I've ever seen. Possibly the best in the U.S.  it's a great way to enjoy the band and still carry a conversation.  Definitely stop by and check it out- you won't be sorry!" Who wants to go with me on a Wednesday for ~experimental~craft~drink~ night? Oh  but the grilled cheeses moved this review from a three to four star rating. Fun night  AVA is one of the most underrated place in Pittsburgh for night out." There were zero other people here aside from my friend and I.  and not even a good view? not the best venue i've ever been to..." I hope to stop in again soon . It is worth the trip."  because I think it's a place we don't have anywhere else and I'm happy to have been finally!"  some places in Pittsburgh can not offer.  Ava offers that and then some.  The atmosphere is awesome and gives off a neo soul vibe.  All of the Bartenders are friendly and can mix a mean drink (especially Asante) This is the only place I will go for happy hour or just to chill and have a drink.  Justin and staff keep up the awesome job ...Ava is my favorite spot Ask for Tim for your waiter!"  so be prepared to just try one and come back again to try the other stuff!  The smoked salmon appetizer was good although with too much mayonnaise sauce and for me  which is really good when many of their wines are priced at over $10 per glass.  The hostess was very nice and professional even though she was young taking our names as we went to the bar for a drink and then anticipating our return with two menus in hand.  The server was a nice enough guy and helpful when it came time for our dinner selection.  We ordered a bottle of conundrum which is a delicious choice and I guess in line with what others charge.  We were started with an olive tepenade (sp?) and some crusty toasted thinly sliced ciabatta I think.  The tepenade was too oily and salty for me "As the reviews of Casbah appear to be particularly long-winded ... the place is nice "The food here is pretty good.  Comparable to any 3 to 3.5 star restaurant.  The lamb is definitely good.  And it is definitely a good date restaurant.  I would rather give it 3.5 stars since I've definitely eaten at better restaurants. But for Pittsburgh  now I'll know to make time the next time I go. Which is for dinner for a friends birthday. So excited!!" Service was great and the waiter even went out of his way to answer a couple questions about the cheese selection."  I expected more but it was good nonetheless."  but the food made my rating drop from five stars (probably a little generous) to three stars. Definitely go for brunch! But it's not worth the money for dinner. Mediocre food in a nice atmosphere with good service is still mediocre food..." Not sure why I'm not giving this place five stars.  I really enjoyed it  for that you'll want to go down the road to Soba.  If you want a nice place to have a drink and a conversation Decor is subtle and great for a date. Service was friendly and accommodating.  I will most definitely return!" "Great great for parties and celebrations of all kinds.  The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable of the menu and the wine list.  The Food is creative and many of the items are organic or locally grown.  Everything is so fresh and pretty  the wine list was good and the prices were reasonable relative to the food.  Get the cheese course for dessert and you'll go home happy."  it is suitable for children.  Casbah has a semi outdoor seating area that is enclosed and heated even in winter.  My wife and I have often dined here with our kids.  This semi outdoor area is a bit more casual and absorbs the sounds of loud children fairly well.  You can bring kids without suffering the disdain of any but the most obnoxious of fellow diners." Now I just need to make plans to go back for dinner."  I had the best pork chop I've ever had here and for that I was endlessly thankful. Good salad  which seems a bit steep.  But it was a nice restaurant and a really nice atmosphere.  The patio was lovely.  I will definitely be back So pay no mind to others' taxonomy quip and give this place a whirl. It's a great date or small group place. Oh  and biscuit with honey butter from the bread basket.  Service was pretty good even though the restaurant was fairly busy.  Reservations available through Open Table.  This is definitely a special occasion brunch  Casbah is still going strong 15 years later. Today's lunch was a wonderful mac and cheese with braised lamb; my dining companion enjoyed the corn risotto with shitake mushrooms and a side heirloom tomato salad. They use the best fresh local ingredients to craft some of the most delectable  AND they take reservations.  Sometimes I don't mind waiting the half hour it takes to get seats at some restaurants (Point Brugge  and a voucher will come in the mail! It was a blissful discovery for a pair of graduate students."  but nothing about my meal was spectacular either.   It looks like maybe I should have tried brunch.  We shall see if I'm willing to give Casbah another chance...." If this was some little bistro where I was paying $20-25 for dinner (no drinks) I wouldn't be so picky but some of my meals have been north of $40 and for that amount of money I expect a little more attention to detail."  without being intrusive. I asked his opinion on the French Malbec and he gave me his honest opinion  I highlight this because this was their charity dinner.  That they made NO money off of.  An area where they could skim on quality - but no - it was amazing.  Reaffirmed my belief that this is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh." Service was a little hit or miss the evening I was there.  Part of that may be because we were a large group and the restaurant was rather busy.  However  we got a Three Sisters Farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake.  Very good.  For entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato omelet and the NY strip steak.  Very relaxing and tasty meal." **Update: I recently saw a full size bottle of the Gruet on a restaurant menu for $30; Casbah  and it was a great experience.  Charming outside dining area with excellent service and a knowledgeable staff.  I will say that the food was a bit overpriced  and I think we preferred our experience at Soba to Casbah. While our food was really good It was a great brunch and i was stuffed by the end. This place was courteous and the waitress was attentive but not overbearing. We had a great time here and it's just a nice place to relax." Settling the bill via credit card no tip was left because no tip was deserved - in reality Amanda may have actually be the worst server I've encountered at a fine dining establishment in the last 2 years.  I will note that when I wrote to Big Burrito was met by a (seemingly) sincere apology without excuses - the Manager stated things don't' normally happen like that and he'd be sure the issue was addressed.  He closed with ""I hope you will join us again."" I will not."  but worth it for a special occasion."  I recommend sitting out on the patio in summer.  The only negative things I can say about Casbah is the high price for relatively little food and the misleading name (I expected more of a Middle Eastern menu and vibe)." Casbah is great for a special occasion or if you feel like splurging. The atmosphere is very nice and the food is fantastic. The beer selection is above average.  entrees and dessert).  I'll definitely keep Casbah in mind for special occasions in the future.  It's classy without being pretentious or stuffy."  and the more professional service I had on my first visit here is closer to the norm.  I'd feel leery  but Casbah is great for a more formal gathering or date night."  nice atmosphere. I'll definitely be back. NYC prices"  but the atmosphere and kind service made up for the lackluster cheese.  The bacon and potato fingerlings were absolutely amazing!  I will definitely be returning for brunch!"  and great service that is there when you need them  but the great service from our waitress really pushed this to a 4 star rating.  I had hoped to be a little more wowed by the food.  But this experience was definitely positive enough to warrant a second visit for dinner.  I think it'd be a nice place to go for a special occasion  but worth it if you want something better than a typical chain."  worthy of 4 stars. It gradually went down to 3 stars. The wine selection is good. But the food is definitely hit or miss. Once I had a halibut that smelled like the ocean. It was not well cooked or fresh  one of my favorite restaurants outside downtown Pitt.  The best places around Pitt are the bars or bar restaurants (some of the best in the country IMO).  But if you're looking for a straight-up classy place to eat  I'm glad that we gave Casbah another try. I wish that they would go back to offering all of their pastas in both entree and appetizer sizes  she was in a hurry to get us out the door. I am completely dissatisfied with the service and will not go back to this restaurant simply because of it."  so we asked for a table inside...20 minutes later we were inside which had a much better vibe. I started with the Blue Bay Mussels which were truly the best I have ever had  but I'm not sure I would make it a regular brunch or dinner spot."  pleasant and a good place for conversation."  we were seated in the dungeon-like basement dining room. I asked for tables upstairs in the daylight but there was allegedly no way to accommodate my request. Worst part about the basement is the thumping from the sub-woofer located above -- really ridiculous. Service was fine. Timing of drinks and first brunch course were acceptable given it was a busy day  I just wasn't very impressed with the food.  If I was offered to eat this food for free  a bunch of ""Sallies"" and one ""Harry"" if you know what I mean."  but don't expect to have the meal of your lifetime."  and the polenta was delicious albeit there wasn't much of it there.  We each then had the heirloom tomato salad which was tasteless.  I grow heirlooms and know the intense and wonderful flavor they should have. These tasted like a grocery store tomato bought in December.  Very disappointing.  I opted for the cavatelli entree which was not prepared as described on the menu.  It was swimming in tomato sauce and overall was very bland.  Another disappointment.  My husband had the pork chop which wasn't bad but certainly didn't leave us wanting to return here for the food.  All this said  the place was empty except for a woman who had just gotten there too which was nice because a friend had warned me that the place gets crazy. We sat outside and atmosphere was cozy under the tent with the warm colors of the decor. Our waitress was incredibly friendly and presented us with the menus. I think it is great they have a prix fixe brunch - 1 alchy or nonalchy drink  the drinks are wonderful (I am a sucker for good Sangria - and Casbah's is wonderufl) and the service is outstanding (our servers are always friendly  and my experience definitely lived up to the hype.  I don't know how a place owned by a company called Big Burrito Group churns out such outstanding Mediterranean fare  see if maybe I'll have a little better luck.  So kick it up a notch Casbah "Out of towners that happened to stumble upon this gem. Thanks I'd like to go back here for a happy hour when it's warm so I can enjoy the covered patio though and a nice glass of wine!"  large chunks of crab.  No overkill on the sauce.  The soup was likewise good.  I don't understand how the two restaurants could possibly be related given the night and day of my food experience!  The wine I would recommend this if you enjoy European food in general." "You know what's good? Tomato-basil soup with cream in it.  And even better? Finding a way to eat on the patio in January. Where the dining room at Casbah is intimate and warm  great wine. Very yummy." This place was recommended by an employee at Evolve spa across the street and I was very happy with the restaurant. The Salmon appetizer was delicious as was the gnocchi meal. I will definitely go back to this restaurant when I visit the area. Food phenomenal! Service can be hit or miss. Would not recommend to anyone. Enough other good restaurants in Pittsburgh to go to. They have to have paid their way into magazines rating them highly!" "Ate lunch at Casbah for the first time. Tried the Piccolo Gusto: $15 gets you a small choice of salad nice salads - not a fan of the cuisine - nothing against casbah" Service was attentive and the setting nice."  but their food quality doesn't match the price tag." The rest of the entrees were good and I would go back.  But probably with lowered expectations." Will I go back? Someday - but I think I may try Soba or Kaya first." I'd definitely return for the food and service." and service keep me coming back.the chef at casbah always comes thru with any special requests i always have no matter how busy the kitchen is. it makes the dining a great one.thank you chef.the bartenders  and where do they come from? Want to blow that kind of money? Get out your check book and let me give you my address!"  a very pleasant experience.  Good atmosphere.  Our waitress was very friendly.  The place was busy and had a nice vibe to it.  Unfortunately "Hard to remember another restaurant that hit home runs from start to finish.  Yinzes say it's pricey but I disagree Try the Short Rib Ravioli" "Service is a little slow but overall the best food I've had in Pittsburgh so far. If you're a seafood fan  hopefully to try the different brunch and dinner menus!" If you are looking for a place to enjoy good wine  we got to use two $10 off coupons and I would highly recommend it to anyone. However  I got the granola and berries and my friend got the creamy polenta. Both were great options! The granola did not taste like anything you get in a box- could definitely tell it was made in-house. The creamy polenta was so different and delicious- will get that next time I go back. Was pretty full by this point but that didn't stop me from completing my  main course! I got the Casbah Benedict with Smoked Salmon and my friend has the Tuscan Eggs. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals and were stuffed by the end!"  though it definitely could have used some better quality olives (these were bottled with the red pepper on the inside used on salads).  I will definitely be back to try the food  usually when I go somewhere else I wind up regretting that I didn't just go to Casbah. Every dish I've had has been excellent; some favorites are the sheep's milk gnudi  Chocolate Cheesecake and Dark Chocolate Raspberry Bread Pudding. I decided to try the Pumpkin Bread with Butter Rum Sauce and Cream Cheese Ice Cream.  The cake was light and tasty and the ice cream and sauce were excellent."  and a bit far from the bar for a shorty like me; my feet don't reach the foot bar on the chair either  but it's clear to see that they have a loyal following."  I debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until I returned a second time. And I can't wait to return!"  but don't order an additional mimosa from the deal - they are $8 a piece which is a bit steep." "It's a little pricier than most places in the area but the quality and ambiance is well worth it.    The food was really good and the drinks were relatively reasonably priced for the surroundings  polite to the point of almost sappy attitude on the part of the waiters) and it can be a little bit annoying even. However The potatoes were perfectly cooked and the fruit was tasty as well.  Had the bellini and didn't realize how I much I would enjoy it so I had two!" Great food  had a assortment. Of things and all prepared  excellent. The service  very helpful on telling you the menu.   Will go back again I can't believe all the high reviews.  Either you work for Big Burrito or it's amateur hour.  The food tasted terrible.  It was bland and over-salted and reminded me of the Olive Garden.  If you like Casbah more power to you but for me never again.  and the mixed olives. The babagonoush hummus was delicious I had a winter fizz drink which was prosecco  with cranberry and mint nice flavor and perfect before dinner drink I had the cioppiano which was one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The sour dough bread was soooooo good. Most everyone else ordered pasta dishes and thought them very good. We opted not to have dessert there but they did bring salted Carmels to the table with the check so if they were any prediction of the desserts they are EXCELLENT. Great place to dine - I will return. And the complimentary valet parking was nice as well - didn't have to search for a place to park and the valet were super nice. I should mention our waitress was also super nice and very accomodating to our larger party."  everyone there dresses up pretty formally. I am not talking about suits and ties  there are certainly much better restaurants in the city. I would rank Casbah below Eleven within the Big Burrito group of restaurants."  I called ahead and was assured that they had vegan versions of a couple of pasta dishes.  Server was very cooperative and said she would instruct the kitchen to omit the meat and  increase the veggies on their cavatelli.   Well  get a coupon or a Groupon; I went with someone who was using a birthday gift card Will definitely be back." It is worth reserving a spot on the patio to get the full experience." Sunday brunched here. Food and service were excellent.  but it's always full of great options and the quality and preparation of the food is always top notch. The service doesn't disappoint either. I'm always amazed that they can nail it (food and service) every single time without fail. The bar area is a great place for drinks or dinner as well. Fiona behind the bar is always welcoming and fun and is perhaps one of the best bartenders in the city. It's also one of only a handful of good restaurants in the city that is open on Sundays. Now if only they would replace the swivel bar stools that are bolted to the ground and make it challenging for some (especially smaller women) to dine while sitting at the bar or for couples to sit as close to one another as they'd prefer."  so I'll give them a pass assuming it was just bad timing and an issue where the server was too embarrassed to do anything." A delicious menu with a twist. Unique wine list too!  the restaurant itself was nice and the food interesting though a little on the pricey side. Service started out great but for some reason our entrees took forever and our waiter more or less abandoned us. If I'm spending a $150 on dinner for 2 I expect some sort of explanation on why we are having to wait 45 minutes plus between our appetizer and the entrees. At a minimum  so it worked out fine. When we went for brunch it was quite crowded and we had to wait a while before getting seats at the bar. The food is really fantastic though and there are good vegetarian options. It's pricey Very enjoyable menu n staff. The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  Both my cocktail and my meal were really good and I would actually consider this to be one of the best meals that I have eaten in a little while." Love Casbah.  Been going there for years and have never had a less than great meal and service.  OF course their signature lamb is to die for (with the Stag's Leap Petite Syrah).  What can I say -- the cheese plate is great.  Everything is well-prepared and the service is among the best in the -burgh. Very good food and another great place for happy hour. Highly recommended. You won't be disappointed.  it is probably the best in Pittsburgh.  The Arugula Salad is delicious.  So is the Alaskan Halibut.  You really can't go wrong with Casbah." Would definitley go back for a meal." I really feel like has bought is highly underrated and you'd best get your arse over here to dying. They have a brunch which I hear is amazing and I can't wait to try it out." "I am so happy they got rid of those awful bar stools!!!   We often choose not to walk in to Casbah without a reservation because the bar area was historically uncomfortable.  They have traded out the old stools that were screwed in to the floor  this is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. I plan on trying it for brunch or lunch sometime soon." We were disappointed to learn that they took the macaroons off the menu. They were my husband's favorite dessert. We didn't try any of the desserts this time because we were stuffed but I'm sure they're excellent!"  as was the tomato basil soup. The waiter was attentive and happily allowed for a substitution on my salad so I could try one of the raw milk cheeses from their cheese sampler. The grilled chicken breast on my salad was a bit more dry and hard than I like All in all it was a delicious meal and a really nice environment.  And worth the money."  try the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding for dessert. You won't be disappointed!" Thanks for making me feel at home." "My absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi. Just amazing! Service is fantastic I couldn't have asked for a better birthday dinner!" Great atmosphere and food experience.  What else can you ask for?  Went here 2 weeks ago for the first time and totally enjoyed it.  Pretty good wine list too!  but I'd still consider it once of the best values in the city  because you get so much for your money.  I'd trust Casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience." 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  so be prepared to need a wheel barrel to get yourself out the door!"  salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand."  food perfect for all four of us and again service was excellent."  my delicious birthday dinner ended with the Dark Chocolate-Raspberry Bread Pudding. I love ordering bread pudding at restaurants 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  get a Manhattan.  Your QOL will improve greatly!"  an appetizer  and then your meal. The coffee was really good and the mimosas were strong. We sat outside on the patio and it was just beautiful. A perfect retreat from the snowy outside that morning. Definitely go!" "Thursday night January 30. Excellent service and excellent meal. Very crowded when we went. Glad we had reservations on open table. My wife had scallops  I feel that this is one of the most overpriced restaurants in the entire city. The food is average to good P.S. Bring your coat into the restroom. It was about 10 below in there. Brrr!" We felt the prices were a bargain for all we got. $56"  but I would have dinner just to try those little candies they offer at the end of meal at dinnertime again - they are a cross between maple sugar and caramel  which was very good. For entrees she ordered the Halibut and I had the Red Pepper Casereccia. This was seared sea scollops with a red pepper pasta. This entree made my list of favorite dish ever eaten. It was so delicious. I cannot wait to have it again!" Valet parking is complimentary; please tip your driver!"  even by London or New York standards ?!?!?!  The Nietto malbec in the $40 range was voluptuous.  But doe many of the wines are i the $70-$150 range!" "Just got back (after looking for a taxi in this 3rd world city - but that's for another review) We liked the atmo.  Liked eating ""under the outdoor extension"" under the well working heaters- it is fun and really makes it feel like a more unique dining experience.  OK now on to the food. We started with a Spanish grilled octopus - it was delicious - charred grilled taste Casbah has definitely become a restaurant that I can come to for special events. Their food and service impressed me again tonight even more than they did last time; add in the fact that they use local ingredients whenever possible and always have something new to try with the changing seasons  although the service was awful when I went.  Highly recommend the veal and pork meatball appetizer  I would recommend Casbah to everyone noting their brunch was fabulous! The valet (even though the need for valet is questionable) and wait staff were super nice Had dinner tonight at the bar.  My sister and I wore sweatpants and flip flops... Nobody treated us differently .. The brought out bread with butter and a second butter made from goat milk.. I liked it .. My sister said it reminded her of cream cheese.. We shared the calamari ... It was good... I had the halibut... It was good accompanied with a salad.. My sister had the duck.. I didn't like the duck that much but I am not a big fan of duck to begin with .. We each had wine ... I had the falanghina .. It was perfect.. We shared a bread pudding for dessert.. It was the first time I ever had bread pudding... It like it .. It is a nice quiet restaurant with ample seating both inside and outside...  I ordered the Braised Lamb & Eggs as my main based on friends' recommendations. It's honestly to die for. Rich and flavorful in the best way The patio is lovely!  We had a wonderful time!" The dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding is worth unbuttoning your pants for...and if you like dessert wines I would go back to Casbah at the drop of a hat but I was not completely floored or blown away by any dish."  finishing with the Chocolate S'More Cake. Great experience especially the service. Robert was spot on! I'll be dreaming about this in the future."  he is great! Ashley the bartender is also very nice! The food was amazing. I had the Duck it melted in my mouth. The short rib raviolis are also amazing. The muscle appetizer is a nice size for the price. You get about a pound of muscles for 12$. I will definitely be back. They make you feel special and welcomed." Waiter said he lived in many parts of the country and this was the best duck he's ever had and he was right. Only downfall is I didn't save room for s'mores dessert!" This place isn't in my price range but on special occasions the food is actually worth the extra money. I didn't know food could taste so good. :-)  I enjoyed the overall experience there in terms of service "Delicious Sunday brunch at $28 includes a cocktail  the food at Casbah is exceptional. They change their menu based on what is in season. Here's a tip: if you sign up for the Big Burrito emails (the parent company of Casbah at https:  secure.bigburrito.com Register.aspx) I do love Casbah alot.  It is probably my second favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh."  but it was also different and therefore interesting and enjoyable."  I even licked clean the small homemade butter that they serve with the bread. Definitely will try out this place again!" And the complementary salted caramels presented with the check were also amazing! I definitely need to come back again to try more of the menu... I think only wonderful items could possibly come out of that kitchen!" This place is pretty expensive and based on the food I wouldn't go back for that price."  of course I said let's get a bottle of red. We explained to our server what white varietals I enjoy and she suggested a bottle (which has also slipped my mind being months ago that we were there)that was perfect-both of us enjoyed it. We started off with the papardelle. The rabbit was delicious and it was perfectly seasoned  their wine menu is ridiculously overpriced...call up to find out their current corking fee (I think around $15 bucks) and bring a better bottle at a better price than you are willing to spend there." "We had a reservation for Saturday night dinner and arrived timely.  THREE times over 20 minutes the hostess told us they were setting our table.  There were 3 or 4 empty tables we could see as we waited  and the lemon sponge cake. Each bite was perfect -- flavorful and expertly cooked. The waiter was friendly and knowledgable. We left feeling full and happy."  but that is just a start. The short rib ravioli is to die for. It is really hard to narrow it down .... Treat yourself to a sumptuous lunch in a beautiful restaurant with great service.  PS: you must have bread!" Please please please bring it back!!"  and it has just been too inconsistent for my taste. No thanks Casbah!" A nice surprise here are the great happy hour specials at the bar.  Try the Boyd & Blair cocktail and the sangria." "Let me say that my five stars are based primarily on the calamari appetizer ... it is SOOO good! The squid was very lightly battered and fried so briefly that it was tender and delicious. Seriously  and the service was what I've come to expect at a higher-end restaurant.  I'd particularly recommend getting on the Big Burrito mailing list to receive a $30 birthday voucher and $10 off coupons for the holidays  and the meal was so salty that we could barely begin to eat it.  That meal was comped and I figured it was an off day.  We went back about a month later for dinner 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A  I love Casbah. I'm a student so it's a little expensive for me. But I go every chance I get. Look out for Big Burrito coupons!"  but the main courses left a lot to be desired in terms of seasoning.  The texture of the short rib in the ravioli wasn't quite right "Great place for so many occasions. My husband took me on our first date here for a very intimate night out (I definitely was impressed).  He took me back for a surprise birthday party in their downstairs area. The food is always out of this world. I have said to my self on multiple occasions (while reading the menu) ""i'm not sure what some of these ingredients are but Casbah never disappoints"" and they never have!! I can't wait to live in Pittsburgh again We had a couple of great beers and just enjoyed the excellent music soundtrack before we moved on to our next designation. I hope to come back here sometime in the future and actually have...a meal. I like this funkier part of town." "I don't know of any place that comes to close to the quality of Mediterranean food offered at Casbah.  They have a daily menu that combines unique ingredients into a great blend.  My favorites on their menu are their spinach casareccia (which I customize with tuna steak instead of chicken) and their gnocchi (in that order).  They are open to customizing their menu so if you want half and half of each dish  but on this particularly occasion I had the arugula salad to begin with which was delicious and my friend had the butternut squash soup which she really enjoyed.  We both ordered the the Scottish Salmon which was so delicious and tender that it literally melted in my mouth.  The house-made pastas are always a great option if as is the duck or the lamb which I've had both on a few occasions.  Their wine list is always spectacular - on this visit I had a glass of the Riesling from Urban  my husband and I were seated at a horrible table right next to the hallway that leads to the kitchen and bathrooms. There was a constant stream of distractions. Service was also really slow and my sea bass was bland. I expected better from Casbah..."  but I felt the stand out option was the port wine flight for desert."  even with the lure of 2 for 1 entrees around our birthdays - the food just isn't that good even discounting the service. I'm sure they will continue to do well with a certain crowd  though I think the pork chops are the best. My pasta was very good - great savory and flavorful sauce. Portions were large too. If you're in town and need a solid place to go 2SwC8wqpZC4B9iFVTgYT9A "This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh; I've never been disappointed after dining at Casbah! We received a gift card and enjoyed a fabulous dinner starting with the mussels appetizer in a tomato based sauce.  Yum!  And then I had lamb loin with sweet potatoes and brussel spouts and cherry sauce.  What a beautiful presentation and taste.  My husband had the pasta with scallops and crabmeat.  He was equally pleased with his dish. We really liked the wine selection too!  We had cappuccino for our dessert  even though it's quite large inside. The wait staff is helpful without being in the way; one of my least favorite things is having a waiter or waitress ask me within seconds of getting my food how everything is (give me a few minutes to actually eat it  because they sear it to perfection. The chef actually made up their own side for my dish because I was allergic to the one on the menu. I received delicious crispy potatoes and sauteed arugula. Fantastic touch! They have a great wine list Once they work on their service Casbah could easily be 5 stars. Maybe next time!"  not chewy or gummy. They were accompanied with sweet potatoes and onions and usually sausage- I asked the waiter for no sausage as I'm not a meat eater. All in all a great experience and we will definitely be back!" Side note - the takeout packaging is awesome. High quality microwaveable reusable plasticware!"  which are two of the most important things to me when evaluating a nice restaurant in Pittsburgh. The food is fine I'm so disappointed. I hope I can go back there again. I would hate to lose this place!"  my only complaint was that they didn't take temps on the pork. We would've loved it medium but they cook it med well or so  it was fine.  The food was actually better than I make it sound; it just didn't hit the expectations everyone had set for me.  The hungry girl me will always require more than one slice of sugar bread.  Curiosity of dinner with reservations might bring me back if I don't want to make the trek elsewhere with February arctic conditions again  really satisfied with the brunch we had. The outdoor seating was beautiful  but I'm not drooling as I think back to the meal. I'm not sure I'll go back because there are other places to try and the price point makes it somewhere I wouldn't just go to on a normal day." "My introduction as a youth (dating back AWAYS) to gourmet and class.  15 years later Now I'm excited to try other meals here again!"  the dish would be disappointing. Then came out desserts: the vanilla bean creme brle and the chocolate de creme. Omg I can't even find a word to describe how good they are! The creme brle is so much better than the one I had in Joseph Temberllini. I am totally blown away by the rich taste of vanilla and eggs. The chocolate de creme is perfect  but really it was disappointing. After that unsettling duck main dish I'm new to the area and have found parking a challenge  and meat dishes and not a single one has ever disappointed.  The aspect of Casbah that I feel sets it apart from even the other Big Burrito restaurants is its quality of service.  They are extremely polite  braised short rib ravioli and pappardelle - all fantastic. Would come back again if in the area!" Everything was great! The only problem I had was that there was just not enough food. Quick business trip to Pittsburgh. Thanks to you Yelp I found Casbah. Duck entree was to die for. Service is top quality. Highly recommended! Thanks Yelp! Thanks Casbah!  but you can still order from a small menu at the bar. They were very friendly and accommodating. We tried the scallops and flatbread with hummus baba ghanoush red pepper muhummara The service was also extremely slow. 20 minutes to get our bread and 50 to get our appetizers." Pasta fest should be called deception fest. We got an email inviting us to come to pasta fest thinking it would be regular portions at a discounted price. WRONG it was smaller portions at a higher price. I never felt so ripped off. $15 for one meatball and three bites of pasta. The server warned us about the small portion but wow . You got me this time but never again.  the food was perfect... now I see what the fuss is all about. This might be one of my new ""special occasion"" spots-  and we are planning to come back next month for my boyfriend's birthday (I need that pork chop in my life again We ended our meal with the milk cake which was moist and sweet and lovely with the last few sips of wine. The thing about Casbah? I always leave wanting more  we had our first anniversary dinner at Casbah not to mention numerous brunches and dinners over the last 5 or so years. We are big fans of all the Big Burrito restaurants  as well as the English Pea Risotto (vegetarian for my daughter) and the famous Cioppino. I was also recommended a flight of Rose wine when I couldn't decide between them. They were all delicious! As a dessert we shared the strawberry rhubarb croustade which melted in your mouth! As a nice touch the kitchen had written Happy Birthday on the plate since it was my daughter's 17'th birthday! We will definitely go back when in the area  I was able to sneak a small bite for it was entirely consumed and it was quite tasty! The sausage had a bit of spice to it that was very flavorful. I absolutely loved the orecchiette! The savoriness of the goat cheese compounded with the sweet tartness of the cranberries was heaven in my mouth! The chicken itself was quite flavorful and the pasta was cooked perfectly "This place's reputation as a high-end restaurant is entirely undeserved. Every single entre my party ordered was oversalted and bland. And for the price I was expecting much Casbah is a must try (and ask to eat on the patio)!" "4.5 stars. My husband and I went here a few days ago. We liked the outdoor area that was ""open tent"" - when we come back we would like to sit out there (weather permitting  but it would be nice if the vegetarian options experienced as much rotation creativity as the meat ones. I love the mafaldine Service was perfect. Would love to go back." The only odd thing was that the servers really seemed to be fighting for tables.  Everyone was trying to get our drink and food orders  food was also wonderful. Had the ricotta cavetelli and it was great. Meatballs and cheeses were great. Was a very good time and would definitely go back. Cocktails were unique and tasty."  curious to see how they do in the rubber match."  romantic or celebratory depending on the occasion." Nice outdoor patio dining area.  Short rib ravioli was great.  The halibut was also very good.  so I'm no stranger to how they should be prepared and how they should taste.  We each only had a few bites and when we told the waiter how bad it was I've eaten at a great many of this city's best restaurants and this was one of the best experiences I've had here." Casbah is my absolute favorite restaurant!! I love the sort rib ravioli. The beet salad is terrific and the rasberry bread pudding is to die for! The valet service is a nice touch so you don't have to worry about parking!! One of the times I am going to make it to the brunch!! The dress attire for this place is sort of dressy which is great.  There is valet parking which is a huge plus because it's located in a very busy area right on a main street. I would love to come back again with just my wife and try other things on the menu. We will try to go back." I live in New York City and I extremely regret venturing to this awful city. This is the worst fucking experience I've ever had at a wine room. I am standing waiting for our table 15 minutes past our time. Tasty farm food and well cooked. Nice and warm garden especially in the winter. Long Island duck is excellent! "I have been wanting to try this place for so long as a huge Big Burrito fan.  We finally made it for Sunday brunch and happy to report it lived  up to my expectations.  We sat in the outside area (covered but with heating lamps) and had a great waiter.  They have a price fix brunch with includes a drink The service is also great and the decor is pretty. The patio is always warm on the winter and it feels more spacious than it does inside. Casbah is one of the restaurants on my ""definitely check it out"" list."  I would die for just one more bite. It was like little pillows of goodness in this rich sauce with shagbark hickory nuts and hen of the woods mushrooms. The strong flavor of the hickory nuts and the woods mushrooms compliments the softness of the gnocchi perfectly! Oh I've been here at least three times now for brunch and once for happy hour.  I need to get back for happy hour because they have some nice specials  it was delicious. I plan to go back for lunch The atmosphere and space is great - open and large. I had dressed up a bit  which creates a cold draft coming from the outside walls windows. You need to have someone duct your intake air to the outside to prevent this  and the environment. I would say it is missing a bit of the down home authenticity that most stellar restaurants in Pittsburgh seem to have. The dishes are inventive and delightful. The patio is perfect on a warm day. For all of these reasons I will continue to show here for an early dinner on occasion." I have been here two time on my birthday. I have not a single bad word to say about this restaurant. Everything is delicious and everything leaving the kitchen is made with care. The staff is friendly and the space is inviting. Its an excellent place to grab a bit to eat with friends or family. I went with a number of relatives a couple of times while visiting and I really enjoyed the food plus a great atmosphere. Would recommend this to any one wanting a special occasion place to go."  solid food... Will be back for sure. Appreciated that they have fundraising dinners too."  but could have been amazing." I am excited to come back in the future!" The desserts were delicious as well. I tasted the Chocolate pot de Creme I like lunching at Casbah. The cheese tasting and tomato basil bisque are so good. If I could have them every day I'd be thrilled.  but the food was always good.  So we tried it for catering for lunch for a meeting for 12 people.  The quality is more uneven than the restaurant dinning experience.  The crab cake sandwich was excellent My fianc and I had dinner at 7 PM last Saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back as returning customers because of the service.  First of all when the waiter (Adam) brought our first drinks and insisted we order appetizers I told him that we were going to relax for a little while and I would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else.  He persisted to come back every other 2 minutes for about another 9-10 times until we finally ordered appetizers and within 3 minutes of us ordering our appetizer he wanted us to order dinner and I politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged us enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him.  I paid $140 including the tip on Saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience was miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it was not enjoyable. We recently moved to Pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience.  We are trying a new restaurant this weekend where I will hopefully not pay $140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal... I am.  the indoor patio we'll call it. Others were out there too on iron tables and chairs. Perhaps the nicer area is for larger parties or events? Needless to say we were right next to the entrance so our date night was constantly offset by guests entering and exiting. Food was great and service was up to far but the main entrance was confusing and I could see this echoed by other guests as they entered." My fianc and I had dinner at 7 PM last Saturday evening and were impressed with the food but highly unlikely to come back as returning customers because of the service.  First of all when the waiter (Adam) brought our first drinks and insisted we order appetizers I told him that we were going to relax for a little while and I would flag him down when we wanted to order anything else.  He persisted to come back every other 2 minutes for about another 9-10 times until we finally ordered appetizers and within 3 minutes of us ordering our appetizer he wanted us to order dinner and I politely said we want to enjoy our appetizer until he bugged us enough about dinner that we just ordered so we could get rid of him.  I paid $140 including the tip on Saturday and between barely being able to see because we were sat on the patio directly into the sun and being rushed the experience was miserable despite how good the food tasted.. it was not enjoyable. We recently moved to Pittsburgh this month and we looked forward all week to dining with you until a waiter ruined our experience.  We are trying a new restaurant this weekend where I will hopefully not pay $140 to be rushed by a waiter who is not paying for the meal... I am.  carnivores.  Top notch beer selection and specials.  enjoyed a lot of good bands here too.  nice people My husband and I frequent the Park House on game nights.  The crowd tends to be friendly and social  I was here to check out the place after the hospital mentioned it was a cool bar.  I think all the hype from my colleagues was not justified.........Not a great menu  especially the Middle Eastern selections." This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. They have  been getting a lot of bands to play. Especially font of the Wednesday night Blue Grass jam night. The hummus is great. The staff is exceptionally friendly and knows my name. They have a great beer selection too.  the edginess of Ireland and the heart of folk all bended together (for 2-4 mins depending on the blender) and you my friends have the Park House."  this place is on the small side and it isn't loaded with  tv's (though it does have two small ones above the bar.) This is a great bar to get together with friends YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA  with interesting patrons. The drinks are super cheap - and I was pleasantly surprised when I got my bill. There are peanut shells all over the place It's definitely a great place to chill out with friends on a Saturday night  we landed at Park House. Load me up with some more drinks and the free popcorn and peanuts (which you can just toss the scraps on the floor). I'm sold!! The beers were reasonably priced and this was the type of place where you can gather with friends and just hang out. No pressure at all. The lighting wasn't too dark so it felt intimate where you were sitting. Seems like a neighborhood bar where everyone knew each other. If I find myself in the area again I would head to Park House though there was the occasional creeper but I guess you can find them anywhere." I haven't completely written this place off.  I'll just try again during the week." Downside?  It's a little pricey  but I will absolutely join my friend in support of his quest for the mug." "Really great place to go. There was bluegrass music playing when I went which was a pleasant surprise. It wasn't too loud  combined with the groups of jolly patrons at the surrounding tables and it's no surprise this is a popular I like that this bar is really low key and has a great selection of ciders. I reccomend it as a nice out of the way place or a way to get into the Norhside if you haven't already.  and enjoy the friendly atmosphere at the Park House!" Love it there and would encourage those interested in a bar atmospher with a twist to try it. You won't be disappointed." Over all it's a great bar the owner is a nice guy and you're going to have a great time."  which is the best in town. But I just had the Golani the other night and it was astounding. It's a spinach and cheese patty Bring your appetite and your friends down for a night of great company and amazing atmosphere... I'm fairly certain that you won't be disappointed!"  Wednesday night is banjo night which always draws a crowd. Definitely a hipster bar. Food is fresh & worth trying. Get a dish that includes the house humus." All in all The Park House is a decent spot to hangout! I will definitely be back!!" I would go back just not for the music."  and decent service will keep us stopping in whenever we're in the area and looking for a small snack and a few drinks."  this bar would be my first suggestion.  It has a much younger feel compared to James St. and Max's  especially with his food. Everything he creates is right behind the bar freshly and carefully prepared. If you like any type of Middle Eastern   Mediterranean food including hummus "I was here for the well-known bluegrass night on a Wednesday a couple weeks ago and had a pretty good time. A friend met up with me here and we were able to enjoy the live music close to the bar and actually meet a few of the locals. I enjoyed the crowd- it seemed to mostly consist of 20 and 30 somethings If you are in the area  always good beers on tap and great Mediterranean food.  I started coming here because a friend was bar-tending and it's become one of my favorites on the north side.  I recommend the gyro if you are eating...or anything really." The bar ambiance seemed cool though. So if you are looking for a bar atmosphere "I went here for Bluegrass night following Banjo Night at the nearby Elks Club. What a fun night!!! It is a very fun  and instead of typical bar food they lean towards Greek dishes. The blue grass jam on Wednesdays is a lot of fun and not too loud to still enjoy a conversation. Decent beer prices Hope you enjoy the hole in the wall as much as I did!"  and the live bluegrass on Wednesday nights is totally worth coming out for alone ($2 Yuengling specials for a girl on a budget does not hurt  good menu with not just the regular bar food. Recommend."  so that was fun. The staff was incredibly nice. Only complaint was the prices were a little high. But maybe that's because we're from Wisconsin. Maybe it's normal for here? Either way YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA Wednesday Bluegrass special  9pm-Midnight $2 Yuengling Drafts" "I hesitate to leave this review simply because I'm afraid my favorite local spot will get too popular! The Park House is awesome. The food is simple and tasty and the beer selection is great. Not sure what you want? Jeremy or one of the other super friendly and knowledgeable bartenders will give you a taste and help you decide. Not hungry enough for dinner but want some snacks with your beer? Peanuts and popcorn are on the house. Trivia on Tuesdays and Bluegrass on Wednesdays are both a great time. Finally YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA I love you Park House. You're always so good to me. You treat me right. Your spirits warm my soul. Your beers fill my belly. I've taken so much and all I can give back to you is this shitty review.  tout  l'heure.  but in the future we will pass on the food." "Gyros are delicious! Called for a pick up order and it was ready in 10 minutes. They also have a nice beer selection. Bluegrass night on Wednesdays gets pretty crowded YRDKsBFYP7G0E8BLJKIkvA All I can say was I was disappointed. But I have been here when there was a band "This place is a dump. Being new to Pittsburgh we bought a bunch of Groupons to try new places in town. We decided to check out the Park House for a bite to eat and a few drinks. What a joke. Even though the Groupon included menu items "Went to see a friend's band play and grab a bite to eat. I haven't been here in a while and don't remember the menu having a Mediterranean flair. I ordered the Savvy Serbian which was perfectly grilled with swiss cheese and a roasted red pepper spread on a challah roll. (I think that's what the roll was called.) Either way Peanut allergic people: note the mention of a giant bin of peanuts." Awesome joint for some good light food and some amazing beers. Owner does a great job offering some top shelf beer on draught and in bottles. Free peanuts and popcorn thrown in for great customer service. The place doesn't ever say they offer 4 star cuisine so don't complain when you don't get it. Grab a drink and relax in an awesome old school bar.  but The Park House has been quietly serving up the best falafels in the city for years. The menu is eclectic but accessible - nice mix of worldly Middle-Eastern fare alongside classic pub grub. It's clear that the owner - a gregarious Israeli man who goes by Z - takes a lot of pride in his food  carnivores. Top notch beer collection and specials. Loved lots of great groups here also." "Wednesday night is bluegrass music night. Awesome vibe and cheap $2 yuengling drafts until 11. The small stage in the back is right next to the free peanuts so you can throw peanuts at the performers.  They like that !  lol  if showing it's age (though remorselessly)." What's there to say?  It's a Northside institution and always has a mixed crowd that is super cool and friendly.  The bartenders are friendly and manage to remember my name and drink choice even though I'm here only a few times a year.  My Friday nights here must have made quite an impression!  I love the decor here  I get the Wienerschnitzel.  Try the German Potato Salad and or the Sweet and Sour Cabbage.  And don't forget dessert.  The desserts are homemade by the owner's wife." IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ  birthday parties or other types.  i was raised only a few blocks from this place so i've eaten here quite a bit.  i've had most of what's on the menu so it's hard to decide what is best.  very authentic german food and a good neighborhood bar."  you have a lot of options.  The basement ""Rathskellar"" is more bar-like in its atmosphere.  It would be a good place for some guys to have a birthday party or something.  For a rehearsal dinner or other formal event IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ Menu Fav: Potato Pancake Reuben. Forget the bread and wrap your lips around sweet potato pancakes and loads of corned beef. Try the hot potato salad too."  and should be supported for the long standing quality service to the city. Thanks  and cabbage as sides. The bread brought out before the meal included apple butter and sweet & sour relish (cabbage) and those were excellent too. Would love the sweet & sour relish in a side size portion it is so delicious. The red dining room is nicely decorated and love the cuckoo clock that is reminiscent of my grandmother's. The beer out of the mason jar is a fun touch.  Our bill came to $29 (1 beer  service was worse! Went and got Sushi!"  you can't find much better German food than this and at this price!  Both of my parents favor the peasant platter.  Me Have been  eating at Max's for 20 years.  One of the restaurants I misss the most now that I'm out of the 'Burgh.  Visit often and always stop by.  Great food and great Beer....not a bad combo.  I have dreams at night about there wurst platter and spatzele with cheese....definately a don't miss attraction I didn't order the ""corned beef meatballs"" ...I can not believe they make such a thing." "Visiting from San Francisco. Food was mediocre at best. Bland is the best description.  Sausages and  Weiner Schmitzel were unremarkable. Best was the sweet & sour cabbage that accompanied. But also served were over-boiled 'daily vegetable' of snap peas It's hard not to like this place. I'm still having cravings for those pancakes :("  you just want to go back again and again. You'll be in the middle of finals and think ""sampler platter please."" If you're going out in the North Side to catch a game or out to a museum  the food is the only thing you're going for.  The staff could use some help on customer service."  but food was less than mediocre.  Won't be back. Weisswurst was very bland.  Sauerbraten was dry and tasteless.  Spaetzle was We both ended up ordering Max's Goulash that was suggested by another Yelper! You can't go wrong when you have that recommendation. This is not our small town neighborhood goulash made from egg noodles and a mix with ground beef. The noodles in this feast were homemade and chunky I really like this Northside institution.  They serve the beer in jars and I had Spaten German beer- very good.  They put really buttery free popcorn on the table so be careful- the grease sticks to your fingers.  In the bar they have an old fashioned player piano.  I really like the German fare- big portions. The schitzel is good but not great but overall way better than Hofbrauhaus and not Disney- it's the real McCoy. The restaurant was almost empty; I have no idea why the host chose to seat a loud party of five next to a couple having a quiet dinner."  and I hear the beer is pretty good too. If I lived in Pittsburgh  did we ever chow down. About as authentic as you can get and that comes from someone who lived in Bavaria for 3 years and has traveled extensively through Germany over the years. If you're into German food I NEED to go back soon so I can try more of their food. One visit isn't enough. I had my sample and I want more!" Give Max's a try.....it might make your favorite like it did mine!" The goulash was (sickeningly) sweet and the bread pudding wasn't sweet at all.  But the atmosphere is kind of cool.  And the prices are downright cheap.  but I wouldn't suggest it nor would I go on my own.  Oh well Overall a positive experience. I'd go back."  though...please fix your outdoor sign. Usually it shines out like a red and blue beacon in the night for people to find their way there  and a menu I'm looking forward to exploring from top to bottom. They even have my favorite dessert from when I was little "Really excellent German food. Everything on the menu is delicious. I always enjoy the knockwurst platter. The potato pancakes are great.  I used to think German food was always heavy  kind and super nice."  sauerbraten and the basket of German rolls served with sauerkraut salad and apple butter.  The waitresses have been there for years One of my favorites places back home in PA!"  I always end up getting the potato pancakes.  If you are looking for a place to check out that isn't going to be as crowded and will be more ""authentic"" German food than other places you should definitely come to Max's!"  the service was great.  Had a whole feast of great dishes.  The best sauerkraut i've ever had -- subtle I would definitely recommend this place to anybody who likes ethnic All together I think our bill was around $35 (no alcoholic beverages consumed).  Some might consider this a tad pricey but the food is so good I usually don't mind the slightly higher cost.  Service has never been a problem for me in fact they've always been helpful when I have questions about the menu.  Full bar with numerous good beers on tap.  If you want German food in Pittsburgh  but they were also awesome.  I had a smattering of delectable bites.  The scones were so moist and tasty.  I had to stop myself from taking more than 20.  I also had some carrot cake  and the interior reminds me a little of eating at my grandmother's house."  but I'd be weary of spending another $75 for lunch for 3 people and getting sub par food and a bar that can't pull off a basic drink. I hate to say  but none of the offerings stood out as memorable. If you are looking for a reasonably priced brunch you could do worse than Max's Cons: no reservations for parties under 5" been here a number of times and it's my favorite German food in Pgh!  I really don't plan on returning to the restaurant again any time soon. I'll be sticking with the fun environment and overall good food at Hofbrauhaus I got a good idea what this place is all about and I have to say that I will be back for more."  yet effective. Danke." German food and German beer served in a mason jar. Best in Pittsburgh. The history of the tavern and the friendly makes this wish me that I lived closer to Max's. "The food isn't as good as it once was.  The atmosphere is kind of dark and needs to be updated.  We ordered potato pancakes that had to be returned because they somehow tasted fishy (I don't even want to speculate).  The other items we ordered were ok. Staff is great Both the hostess and the server were polite and attentive." I've been to Max's a few times and have been very pleased with both the food and service. I recommend trying the spinach salad with hot bacon dressing  and delicious food at a great value.  Will definitely go back for authentic German fare." Fun place and our server was great.  She definitely helped give this place a family friendly feel." A neighbor talked me into going here for the brunch and I was glad she did. For an all you can eat brunch they do a nice job keeping things stocked and fresh. The omelet chef was very good making stuff just as you asked him for "My husband and I have been to this restaurant many times over the past 20 years and went for sandwiches tonight. Sorry to say it was the worst food we have ever eaten at this place. Reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat. Sweet potato fries were not edible. We ate at a table at the bar and told Andy our bartender but got zero satisfaction. Since we've had such a bad experience and no effort by the restaurant to remedy a BAD MEAL  the service is equally good (I can only speak for the bar area). I get the pierogies appetizer. It's fried pierogies As if this wasn't good enough our check was only $22! We will definitely be back soon  but it's just my personal taste. The portions are large and atmosphere is very relaxing and casual. I like it." They have a good selection of beers and even offer a sampler option.  The dessert selection looked delicious IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ "This is americanized German food.  For real German food It wasn't bad enough that I'd say don't try it and see - just understand it may not be exactly what you expect."  but the meal of pork and apple raisin sauce was out of this world."  but I don't know if I'd go again on my own."  but it was worth it.  My boyfriend was pretty happy he got to finish my leftovers.  The German potato salad I had for my side was equally as good.  It had a bit of a bite to it So much of what they have would be good if it was kept at least warm. Since they have it in chaffing dishes  and much of the furniture looks like it was in this house and just remained when it converted to a restaurant.  Max's location in Old Deutschtown on the North Side fits it perfectly.  They even offer a shuttle to Heinz Field on Steeler game days (small fee applies)." There was a variety of entrees ordered from sausage platters to wiener schnitzel and everyone seemed pleased with their meals. You get a lot for your money and I'll never turn down a chance to eat potato pancakes!"  and it's old school charm is certainly a plus. But I can promise you you won't be disappointed with the authenticity of home cooked style German cuisine. I'm from Los Angeles and we have nothing this good there." 5 stars because I accept it for what it is.  Really good German comfort  food with killer drafts.  And the fact that the place has been there for forever makes it super cool.  I love the player piano and put a quarter in every time!  PS. the popcorn at the bar is sooooooooo good too. Very good old school German American food (nothing innovative here). Was here on a Saturday night and the placed was packed. Really loved the cheddar cheese stuffed deep fried pretzels and the potato pancakes. This place is great for brunch on Sunday! The service is great and the food is delicious. I always leave stuffed and happy.  and German potatoes. Oh yeah... Right Choice! Took a little longer than usual as there was a Large Party of 16 that ordered Just prior to us. Happy to say the waitress took Great care of us  usually one of the schnitzel meals.  Recently went with a sampler platter.  Really good way to get several different tastes.  Always look forward for a meal here." "I really like this place. It has a neat atmosphere where the entrance has a nice bar and then there are a few other rooms that have the feeling of a living room or dining room. I really enjoy their brunches IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ Definitely recommend giving this a try." I love the sausages and the stuffed pretzels are amazing  the servers are always very friendly and efficient.  There is also ample street parking I think what won me over as the basket full of bread. Not only was there a surplus of meat but also bread?? Free? Indescribable happiness." "Overall great German food!  I love the liver and onions above all else.  The kase spatzle is delicious "This used to be the best German food in town. I have seen a gradual decline in the food over the past several years. The gravies have changed and the Max's Goulash (one of my favorite dishes) has a different sauce (strangely dessert sweet) and change in the protein. The sides are still great  but I've had better at Das Wald Cafe (http:  www.yelp.com biz das-waldcafe-newport-news)." "Old Pittsburgh at its finest.  This place isn't trying to be anything other than what it is  - an excellent old school German restaurant.  The drawback with this restaurant is how crowded and loud it can be during the busy time.  It's much nicer when it's not so busy.  Otherwise The following day was the 2nd annual Deutschtown Music Festival. The neighborhood is working toward revitalization I have eaten at Max's Allegeny Tavern multiple times.  The food and service is allways great.  it is a North Side must. My first real German food experience and I can't wait to go back. Everything was delicious. I had the Max's Sausage Platter. Loved it all. Left nothing in my plate. I was with a big group of people and no one took a doggie bag home. Big menu. The restaurant has this small down home feel to it. The bar is really pretty. Great place.  and the brats are pretty good.  Max's is far and away better than the breweries or chain theme restaurants.  The place is quiet  Great food.  Good beer choices.  Good service. What else is there?  As good as it gets  home-made German food that is extra delicious.  Really neat place too!  Potato Pancakes are delicious.  Can't wait to go back.  I would take out of town people here instead of Church Brew any day."  staff is really nice and I believe they offer their patrons a free ride to and from on game days!"  awesome deal and a great way to try all of their German beers without going overboard. We'll be back PS--thanks for the nausea and hurling about 6 hours after dinner." This place is fantastic! I happened to stumble upon it one night with some friends and what a wonderful place. The food is awesome! We ordered a bunch of appetizers. They were huge portions and super tasty. I have been back several times since then and have not been disappointed yet.  My favorite thing was probably the pretzels! (Mega YUM!) This is my favorite place to go when I'm in the steel city.  The atmosphere is awesome and the staff is very friendly.  The beer sampler and Ruben is a solid choice but they also have a wide range of other options including hasenfefer and Wiener schnitzel.  ALWAYS great service. This is my girlfriend's and I's favorite bar on the North Side. Consistently good and has a very cozy atmosphere. Get the stuffed pretzels!"  this is the most authentic German you will find in Western Pa. Cool beer selection and a great Sunday brunch. During Steeler home games they offer a free shuttle to the stadium when you eat here first."  the waitresses and most of all the food. The potato pancakes are delicious as are all their soups. I think there is something for everyone here. Their desserts are all delicious. We eat here before most concert or sporting event." IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ authentic german cuisine. Love the schnitzels and the red cabbage  and it definitely has to contain a stop at Max's. I prefer this place to Penn Brewery. The food seems a little more authentic and I haven't had a bad meal here yet. LOVE the potato pancakes. Every schnitzel I've tried has been great too."  I can't speak for the brunch buffet.  I went in there for the buffet once and decided that my money would be better spent on the menu." I've been going to Max's since I was a kid in 1973..was the best food then and now. Introduced my wife to it and she's hard to please. She loved it so much that we had our wedding reception there in the Ratskeller. Can't recommend it enough  it was edible but not enjoyable. Don't waste your money here there are much better choices"  and the wait staff was excellent. We went on a Friday night and it was packed.. I expected worse for how crowded it was... We will be returning.." The bartender was fantastic and the food was even better! I got the sausage sampler and it was delicious. The sauer kraut and mustard were great as well.  and the spaetzle. The spaetzle......."  and sauerbraten. Everything overall is really good and pretty authentic. Our server was on her shit too! Great pre bus and we never had an empty glass. We came here because a friend came just yesterday for the first time and raved about it  they didn't even do anything to make it up to me.  The brunch was also very sub-standard; everything was cold.  Not even the potato pancakes tasted good.  I've had better meals at the complimentary continental buffet at the Holiday Inn.  But perhaps part of the meal was also tainted by the fact that I couldn't get the thought of their negligence for food contamination out of my head.  Who knows how long that sour cream had been sitting out!  I'm really disappointed; I had really enjoyed going to Max's up to this point.  Don't think we'll be back!"  great bar in front if your just drinking. Only complaint was there was a wire bristle thing sticking out of our pork loin. Not sure how it got there and we didn't say anything. Large selection of brews here."  efficient service. Great location for happy hour or casual business meetings. Must try the stuffed pretzels! Haven't had any of the dinner entrees  friendly service. My only regret is not having room to try their tempting desserts. We don't get to the Deutschtown neighborhood often "A great place to go for German food! Normally I absolutely love everything about the food here. My favorite item is the potato pancake turkey reuben sandwich  family oriented and not overly expensive establishment. Highly recommended. Have a bite and walk over to PNC Park for a ballgame - it's minutes away. Great place!" I freaking love this place! Really nice atmosphere (like you are at your old German Grandmother's house). I always go for the Weiner platter with three different kinds of Wursts. Potato Pancakes are a must. Chunky Apple sauce is great. Best German food in Pittsburgh!!! I will definitely recommend this pub to anyone traveling to Pittsburg!" A good selection of classic Pittsburgh beers and tasty German cuisine. The service is pretty good and it's a great place to watch a Pirates game.  but you must be careful with certain dishes. One of the schnitzels that comes with carrots peas is clearly bedecked in carrots & peas that were recently frozen. German food isn't exactly known for its vegetables "It's been over 5 years since I had been to Max's but we were in the area at lunch time so we decided to stop in. The menu is big and printed on a newspaper. They have all kinds of German food.  I decided to order a Reuben with a side of homemade chips. The sandwich came on rye bread that was toasted. It had lots of sauerkraut Frequent visitor. The place is definitely starting to slip food wise. Had a turkey rueben that had about 1 slice of turkey on it and not much else.fries are always soggy these days. I'll stick with the happy hour with half price apps. Daughter had the schnitzel which she said was very greasy which shouldn't be the norm. My water glass had onion pieces in the bottom of it. Server was good though . Thank God for the staff .  not so much creamy. We were both a little underwhelmed sans the cabbage with the entire meal. I hate to say it - but I have had better authentic German style food at church potlucks and even Hofbrahaus (in a comparison to the beers at Hofbrahaus - these did just not stack up for me). I would give MAT another go round to try some of their other offerings - their schnitzels looked pretty good!"  cute to see familes of three generations sitting together for a Friday night meal. The food itself was ok but just a tad bit pricey. I thought my bavarian-style pretzels were a bit too heavy since they were deep-fried IxQ1ATP_Wg_QujO9nywzcQ Best place in town. I love the sampler platter and Sunday brunch is the best deal in town "Authentic German fare. German beer. Best soft pretzels in Pittsburgh. Reasonable prices. Friendly service. Very fair portion sizes. You'll be taking a box home. The basement is nice. But sometimes used for private events. Has a very cozy ""grotto"" feel to it." I love Max's but the food can be hit or miss sometimes. The staples on their menu are always good and time tested favorites but beware that special menu. There have been some epic duds on there that I wish I would have missed  and fantastic (and authentic) German food options.  Very tasty and high quality foods for a decent price.  We go often and have never had a negative experience." "Authentic German food. Besides the standard fare one would expect "My sister in law was in town and we decided to get brunch. Looked up local places and this had a good review...though I have no idea how. The Restarunt is small We're lucky to have such a fine German establishment in our city. Genieen Sie das Essen!"  but the food I order and have served in the bar area is great! The service is always awesome. The bar atmosphere is solid.  The bartenders have a heavy pour.  The stuffed pretzels are a must have! I actually like the fact that the area hasn't been revitalized because the atmosphere might change.  So I will enjoy this place until that day happens!"  took 15 min to get a water. The nachos were terrible on store bought chips with raw onions and green peppers on them and very little meat. We ordered the turkey Reuben that tasted funky on day old potato pancakes. We also ordered Max's famous Reuben  an Iron City Beer may be the best way to cap off a Pittsburgh North Side German dining experience at Max's bar: a place where many a long hard day has been passed knocking back a cold one. Cheers and enjoy!" Incredible value withemost authentic environment.  Potatoe pancake Rubens and a player piano for bar runs and a breakfast buffet for the kids can't go wrong. My family rented out the bottom room for our engagement party. It turned out great! Everyone loved the German cuisine. Our server was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and spacious for our 50 guests. Definitely be back again! "The only authentic German place I have found in PGH. It is true German food from start to finish without a bunch of Americanized items snuck on the menu.  They offer about 8 varieties of schnitzel "It's just like being back in some small town just outside of Munich... If I'd ever actually been to some small town just outside of Munich! It's not the touristy disaster that is Hofbrauhaus "My daughter took my sisters and I there for Mother's Day lunch on Saturday.  I got the Spinach Salad with Kase spatzles.  The salad was to die for.  My daughter got one for herself and one for her husband to take home.  The dressing was delicious and there was tons of mushrooms and bacon on it.  The spatzles were also very good in a cheesy sauce.  There was some to take home also.  We also got some potato pancakes which were pretty close to the ones my mother used to make.  At the end of our dinner Beers on tap were served in mason jars.  Food was prompt and fresh.  I will definitely be in again." Sunday brunch is such a great deal and so filling. Some people don't like the potato pancakes but to me they're fab. Highly recommend. "This is a MUST on our visits to the Burgh. Love the atmosphere and the food is delicious. Our family has come to Max's over 4 generations. The pierogies are fantastic and honestly Can't wait to go back. I have to try the sptzle and the goulash!!" "The sausage is good. The mashed potatoes and German potatoes (sides) are definitely not homemade. Service was friendly Worst.  Dinner.  Ever. Food from a senior citizens home.  Everything ready in 2 seconds because it sat under a heat lamp.  Avoid at all cost. "I've only ever ordered from this place but honestly it was the worst German I've ever had. Goulash was unidentifiable as any I've had The area is sketchy and probably not safe to linger around at night. Admittedly I am not in that area often 5. The best waitresses. Ever." That's a real Pittsburgh class act. Kudos. Will come back and buy a bunch of beers." Hope they get this figured out soon: I'm hungry!!"  the service was friendly and the beer drinks are cheap! Very laid back dive bar atmosphere. There's a pool table and ""fake"" slot machines 5OduZ5IwaU0HVmSFRL4kSg Another thing to keep in mind beside the potential fights is that its cash only." Total Dive.  Umm.  A gang fight started breaking out and one of the guys had tear drops tatted on his face.  Isn't that code for murder?  The bartender shouted to break the fight up not exactly in those words but yahhh.  We left soon after.  Enter here at your own risk...although I will say I may have stuck out like a sore thumb here but no one bugged.  I have a feeling I'll never go back.  Makes for a good story- 3 stars for that... "I went here for lunch and got the grilled cajun chicken sandwich and salad This may be a good spot to hit up before after a Pirates or Steelers game because of its proximity to both stadiums  drinks and tv.  Might be a better hang out spot if the weather is crummy. But I prefer to tailgate.  It'd be a good spot to watch the game if you did not have a ticket and tailgated with your friends." Friendly service & reasonable prices!" "I've had lunch at the Clark bar and Grill about 10 times. Consistently good service and food.  There are a few restaurants on the north shore to eat lunch  is wonderfully attentive and friendly. The whole place is clean and holds a very proud pittsburgh feel to it... just a lovely and affordable place." I'd recommend this place to any out-of-towner or anyone going to see a ball game or show on the North Shore. I give it a solid 4 stars for ambiance  horrible service. I'm really not sure how this place manages to stay in business." Thanks Clark Bar & Grill . ...this yinzer is looking forward to her next visit.." Thanks Clark Bar and Grille!"  Peanutz is focused largely on Pittsburgh sports -- there are two large display cases with all sorts of sports memorabilia.  There's a handsome wooden bar in the front room  but have I been to better dance clubs bars - yes.  If you're in the area and looking for something to do Get me some Peanutzz!! We decided on a whim to try something different for a bar and this place indeed was. Saturdays there is a cover for the DJ which was $3. This didn't seem so bad to me after coming from other cities where the covers are $15 and $20 and higher but I feel like the place could use the money. Peanutz is a small venue. The bar area is narrow and cramped then to the left of it there is a dark area where the DJ is along with some tables and then the stairs to the bathroom. If you weren't at the bar then people were just sitting at the tables starring at the DJ or at you... Maybe one or two people were dancing to the music. I thought the music was awesome though - a mix of old school and underground hip hop. Beers were so cheap - I think we paid $5 for three draft beers. Woot!! However some folks were smoking and the bathrooms were gross. My jacket took a few days to air out the smell of the smoke. I won't be returning even if Peanutz offered some peanuts. *I think that's some sort of weird PA tax thing." I have enjoyed myself here and will probably be going back again this weekend." The music is going to blow your ears up Our bartender didn't know what a pint was or how to pour a beer  Newcastle and Guinness on tap and basketball on the television so no complaints."  but again:  It's a bar.  If you are looking for the cheapest place to drink  continue to come to the Apple Inn and get my drink on." I miss the pickles.  ;)" The apple is decent if you live within walking distance but nothing to write home about.  Average draft selection.  Didn't get into bottles but found that the bartender that happened to be working was not overly friendly.  Went for a happy hour and it was dead.  Haven't been to the Apple in years but seems like a good place to meet friends and play darts all night.  Smoker friendly.  I couldn't tell the crowd that frequents it because it was so dead. We'll definitely be back." Ok atmosphere drinks are overpriced for the area. Service is hit or miss.  Not a bad place but not my first choice. Just realized this is my 500th review on Yelp! Go me!" I had been going to this bar for twelve years on and off before that happened. Never again. This is a gathering place for human garbage anymore."  putting it lightly. I still enjoy this place better than any of the other bars in Dormont. If I go out All in All- check this place out if you are in the area and need to grab a cold one." Last but definitely not least...there's free fresh popcorn in the back.  Boom." Great local watering hole with excellent wings!  we got stiff drinks for cheap. WOW! I wouldn't mind coming back here just to hang out if we're in town again. Only thing is it's cash only. Good thing we still had some handy."  with seafood chowder being my favorite.  I always ended up ordering way too much food because it is so reasonable priced.  We'd spend $30 tip included (always at 25% because that's what a good waitress deserves) and leave with boxes of food! Definitely a place to be checked out!!!" Great bar! Very comforting!"  but they're like chick wings they're so mini.  The thing that turns me off the most about this place is they have cardboard disposable bowls for their complimentary popcorn - however they get upset if u try and use it to put wing bones or other things in it because they insist on wiping out & reusing the disposable bowls. Disgusting & totally unsanitary IMO. If they insist on reusing those  I want this to be my local hang out bar. My service in sitting at the table or being served by the woman I presume is the owner has been great. The food is amazing. The prices are great. Don't let me down My friend had a steak which looked and smelled delicious. She confirmed that it was." the bartender was great. Very friendly and made us feel welcome. Other customers were nice and we enjoyed talking with them. Homemade soups were so good we took some to go...and Philly Cheese steak was great. Not even one complaint."  the lighting is a bit on the darker side (as most bars are) but you get to the back you can seat yourself and the waitress comes over and gets the drinks.  Alcohol is very Racism at it's finest.  The owner refuses to take care of black people. I was appalled when I witnessed that myself. I'll never go there again. tasty and the fries were very good as well. With the Reubens my boyfriend ordered the fries were a fresh cut variety and different than my fries. The Reuben was also yummy. As a big fan of fries it was interesting to see both types. Service was fast and unobtrusive. Cash only and reasonably priced as well. We'll be going back as it's right in our neighborhood can't beat that!"  and decor that looks like your grandparents' basement. Good stuff."  despite that I selfishly want to keep it a secret.  If too many people started showing up it would lose that delicate balance of remaining just busy enough but never too crowded to have a good time.  The food is always great and the prices are super affordable.  True wan0X-oHpLgGTPXqaICZCw  steaks came out wrong and she made us pass out drinks to each other.  It was busy but at times couldn't find her. The rest of the wait staff seemed irritated and I had to get another waitress to find ours because she was sitting having a conversation with the table a few down from us.  If you want decent bar find you may as well make yourself a drink and burger at home and call it a night out instead of waisting your time with this place." Vasta went down hill since the 90's....... They need to attract a different kind of crowd They need to change things up a lot.......  If you want any idea's hit me up I could give your business many ideas how to flip your business around. Hit me up tiffanyshousekeeping@yahoo.com I've been coming hear regularly since I moved to dormont last year and haven't seen any of the issues with a rough crowd the other reviews have spoken of. I've always had great service and there drinks are cheep. Especially the pens game pitchers. "Just moved to the area my girlfriend and i checked this place out. Its a small dive bar and seemed like a place where only regulars attended. Was a bit uncomfortable at first Small dark not very opening or friendly place. Will not be returning. The floor is dirty. The bathrooms are small tgey stink and the lock is broken on the womans side. No food offered. Maybe u have to ask. I got a vodka cran and it was watered down. The only good thing was free parking out back. Was you drinking behind the bar honey or were you just distracted by your friends? We only walked into a bar to have a cocktail  you won't be disappointed. Great place to grab a beer on Beverly road and catch up with old friends."  as are all of their fatty appetizers.  They also offer pasta and other options so there is something to please everyone in any size group you bring to Bado's." All of the staff here were very friendly and helpful. The fried zucchini appetizer was huge and very tasty.  The white thin crust pizza with spinach was very good.  Seemed like a great neighborhood restaurant and we will most definitely be going back.  the servers are true Pittsburgh and generally very sweet." "I live in walking distance so I have been here many times . The place is very clean and the menu has many choices ... Not just pizza and hoagies . The bar is well stocked and has many varieties of beer . I would suggest coming here for breakfast or brunch on the weekends . The omlettes are huge . The only drawback is the place very small and can get crowded . You can't have a discussion without hearing what the people sitting at the next table are talking about as well . There is sometimes a wait to get a table . Good place to take the family   no dinner entrees besides pasta   smile-less bartender... I have actually seen him through the window and decided to go somewhere else because I was in the mood for good service."  and tables are a little cramped. Expect to wait a few minutes when you get there The one drawback for me is how it's a bit ""too"" family friendly for me. I love children (work with them everyday!) but it seems that families here feel comfortable letting their children do whatever they want. Maybe it's because the environment already seems loud  but they'll always give you samples! You can buy growlers full of good stuff for fairly cheap This is definitely going to become a staple of my Pittsburgh food experience!"  deep dish masterpiece. Their white pizza is also very good. Stick to the pizza here--the only other thing I had on their menu was a burger and it was not so good.  The bar is pretty cool - friendly bartender.  They are also very quick to deliver  but if you're local give it a go. If you want an inviting atmosphere where you can enjoy a beer  Our most popular crust)"" and the hot wings.  It did not take long and the pizza and wings came out.  The wings were hotter than most places and pretty good.  The pizza crust was a little thicker and nice flavor and chewy  and the bread was moldy. I gave this place a second chance and they failed. Gross.never again!" I was surprised initially to see an Italian Ale House. The food was pretty good and the atmosphere was pretty good as well. It was a short visit to PA for me but I would recommend this to someone else looking for some decent Italian food and a decent bar. Loved trivia Wednesdays!  8-10 upstairs.  Everybody is welcome. "Hostess was very awkward when seating us. Sat us in the corner in a small booth with a broken seat right up against another large party. The place was by no means busy. We sat and waited for someone to acknowledge us. We watched 4 members of the wait staff each attend to the 4 other tables and not one of them ever acknowledged us or came over. After 15 minutes of being ignored by staff  but it didn't stand out for me. The other two ordered sandwiches of some sort that they both really seemed to like. The beer selection was also a bit lacking for my taste  but I think the menu could use a little more inspiration." Hands down the best pizza I've ever had. They use a bread dough recipe handed down from their grandmother and a sauce that is to die for. Awesome beer selection as well. Word of advice from someone who's been dining here since they were across the street and known as Pizza Piazza - don't introduce yourself to the pizza via the lunch buffet - it's too delicate and dries out under the heat lamp. Order it fresh with extra sauce and enjoy!  so there can be a wait.  Grab a beer and wait b c it's worth it."  The bartender was a great guy and very good at his job." If I lived in the South Hills I would come here all the time. I am not even sure how the pizza place across the street stays in business. I suspect that after the locals are done getting hammered off of Bado's awesome beer selection they need to order some crap when homebase has closed. Or it is a front for the mob. "Bado's is a nice place to go to get decent food. Pretty average as far as I've seen so far. The reason for 3 stars is that the bar is small and the beer is over priced. I understand it's micro and craft beers on tap but there are other places near by with the micro and crafts for less with better atmosphere. Big plus to the bartenders though "This is some of the best american style pizza anywhere. Smaller kvECetuoMJ-LEYzHmyP0RA  Bado's is popular and it gets crowded. Fast. Be prepared for a wait or try to show up during slow hours We'll be back when we're in the area.  I see this being a regular spot after our rounds of golf at Mt. Lebanon GC." "I just want to like it due to its location and great beer selection Love Bado's. Any pizza is really good and their rueben is very tasty. Lots of beer choices and they give out free samples. got the buffet pizza was good they also give you free soup to .  they hide the sour cream underneath the cheese so it can't be seen until it's too late. This can be quite a shock for those who prefer their skins condimentless." Large bar food menu and great selection of draft beers. Patio open in the summer and decent size restaurant. Large portions on food. Great Sicilian and speciality pizzas. i would never eat here again"  it's now about 15 bucks.  Their wings you can make at home better.  Swordfish on my salad wasn't cooked right (they probably shouldn't be serving that if they don't have top chefs).  Lastly  but were tasty (& I'm not a big fan of french fries). The pizza that my wife & our company ordered looked very good." Chili cheese omlette was amazing!  Great home fries and toast as well. Its gotta be the only place in town to watch early sporting events while eating breakfast. Service was very attentive.  My coffee cup never got below half full.  the pizza. I was looking for something more. The pizza sauce was a bit tart for me. The real winner of the meal was the sausage calzone (which we added ricotta to). The sausage had a great spice to it. The heat was nicely complimented by the creamy cheese and crisp crust. Overall The staff could have been a little friendlier  hinting it was time for us to leave. The whole experince was horrible... and the bill was outrageous.  Save your money and Go somewhere else!!!!" Yummy yummy pizza!!! Excellent beer choices! The service was great. Everyone was personable. The wait was a little long and there is nowhere to stand yo wait but that is my on complaint. I would def go back. "Great place to have a party!  Bado's is located in a cute section of Mount Lebanon with street parking or a metered parking lot in the back (it was only $5 for a 24 hour period).  Our friends rented out the top part of the restaurant for a 30th birthday party. This was a large space which could easily fit over 50 people comfortably.  There was a small bar with 3 draft beers to choose from The service is a little off and the staff doesn't seem very attentive to your needs. However the food is worth having bad service. They have a great selection of pizzas but my personal favorite is the buffalo chicken. We've never had any problems with the service or the food I will never eat at Bado's again. A good cheese burger and a decent pie isn't enough when the staff can't even accept their own (human) mistakes. I have been places where there have been food issues before and I have also worked in a restaurant. I completely understand that mistakes happen. However  the lunch pizza buffet left ALOT to desire. It was literally a few cold pizzas layed out on a little table. No salad I always get burgers and beer here even though they're known for their pizza. No regrets! Love their growlers too!  but a little pricy. A 4 cut is more than enough two people.  It's a good place for families and the staff are very friendly and accommodating. They have good specials do keep those in mind!"  they offer a "" Pittsburgh Sandwich "" they don't know how to make. Served fries on the side and bagged coleslaw. Fries were an afterthought due to the pickle found underneath.  watched a young waiter spill two drinks  not very crowded (pre-MNF game time) and we ordered a 12 inch regular crust pepperoni with extra cheese and garlic pizza. It was incredible! The service was good and the waiter was very informative. The atmosphere was good. I recommend this pizza for dine in or carry out."  it is outrageously expensive. As in $45 for a medium one topping and a large two topping. That is insane. This is not including tip or anything else. Their wings are ok "The margarita pizza is the best! It's a great little spot with a bunch of beer choices  although the chicken strips were the best thing in the whole order. The turkey grilled sandwich also had no lettuce or tomato and was greasy and soggy and did not come with the chips and pickles as listed on the menu. For what they charged for this. It was a disgrace . We will not order again and will pass the word around. There are too many other  decent and less expensive delivery restaurants to ever order from there again. Disappointed." "Margarita pizza - best fucking pizza I've ever ate! End of story. On my commute home from work; will be eating one weekly. Just at 8 of 12 pieces. Time for power nap (8 hours) then wake up   we ordered Wings with 2 unique sauces.  We tried the Guiness Honey Mustard and the Butter Garlic sauces.  Both sauces were very good  relevant craft beers and good food. This evening was no exception." Definitely worth checking out!" Great little bar and pizza restaurant in Mt. Lebanon. I went for dinner her on Friday night and was not disappointed. They had a good beer list and the food was delicious. I had their onion rings and regular crust pizza. Will definitely be making this my pizza and beer go to. "Chose Bado's on a whim. Worst waitress ever. Couldn't remember anything. Husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce. It was runny and bland. I ordered the veggie burger We have had really wonderful experiences with this place along with really terrible ones. The same plain pizza we order never seems to taste the same. I ordered the same burger twice and it came different and not great the second time. The fries were ways very soggy and cold. We would keep ordering from them if we knew we could be paying for what we expected. I want so badly to like this place!! "Back in my coaching days at Chartiers Valley this was one of my goto places in Lebo. The pizza is good That all said though I had a fun time at Bado's and I'll go back." They always have a full house. There is no where to wait for your table."  but it's worth it.  I love their rotating beer menu as there's usually something to keep me happy. The service is always good as well. We usually sit at the bar so the bartenders know us well.  Bado's gets two thumbs up from this girl!"  and friendly bar tenders. You can't beat having wings and beers at the bar on a game day." The pizza is very good and the beer selection is great. The restaurant needs to improve on service. In the last two visits I received the wrong food and this time I had to get another drink at the bar because my waiter went missing for 15 minutes.  and wings are pretty good too. BUT the last three times the staff has been awful. I'm not usually one to complain "Great beer selection and the food is good. My gripes are that it's always so loud in there that I have to shout across the table The booth we sat in was broke but no issues other than that.  The Buffalo Chicken pizza was amazing.  The server was friendly too. She did forget our drinks which was no big deal. Love this place pizza! Breadsticks! I always get pizza from here. Everything's made in house. I hope as good for you as it is for me. Why I will never return?"  because I won't be back. No pizza is worth the experience we had here."  but it would still be nice to have some acknowledgement beyond food order and check. Other than that the pizza is pretty good (although not my favorite in the area) and the lunch time buffet is a great bargain."  I'd be at A'Pizza Badamo on Washington.  My daughter who is a pizza fanatic only had a slice and a half before calling it quits - she's the expert and it says volumes when she won't eat more than a slice and a half.  The kids tried and rejected the pasta we got them to try as well as there was no taste to the sauce.  All in all  it is very small pieces. The bread sticks however are so soft and warm and very delicious! Their Italian hoagie and Italian calzone lack flavor. These items are all I have ever had here and they do require more spices as everything (except the bread sticks) is pretty bland. They are also kind of pricey so we do not go here often because of that. Our service is usually pretty good I haven't had a Reuben for years (too much salt) but they were very good here in the past."  but there was no getting around it: the pizza was really bad by any standard." Overall the pizza was excellent I would like to see how it tasted with the actual Sicilian crust"  they have hot dogs too...soooo many choices.  I came with a group and we all easily satisfied our hot dog cravings.  I had the veggie dog with cheese  it just seems like a neighborhood place with a twist.  A coronary twist.  So good....." "This place was great! I was a little bit let down by the Chicago hot dog as it had too much mustard. That said Something about it is gimmicky to me but I'll let it go. Might as well stop here first before going to see a movie across the street..." Last time I was there someone said the pizzas looked good. Next time." The hot dogs?  None of us were gushing about them afterward.  But they're ok.  4 stars for the beer selection."  depending on the server you get. The place is very relaxed. The food isn't particularly memorable. I enjoy the fish sandwih. Fries are good. It's great for groups. It can get quite busy."  but the beer options and good prices help to make up for it. This seems like an easy-going neighborhood bar good beer selection- both on tap and in the beer cave. located in a nice neighborhood.  the chili cheese dog is fantastic and so are the fries!! "D's is a family friendly bar with a great selection of beers "Their chicken BBQ pizza is among the greaseiest I've ever consumed  imported and otherwise. Service has always been decent and better. Sports agames are often on the TV so get ready for that. Atmosphere is pretty neat- there's a weird mural in the larger seating area that's worth a peek and a air duct in top of the room that's cleverly painted like a wooden beam- can't get over that. I am a fan. Go here- then go catch a movie at Regent Square theater up the street." I will visit this place frequently."  but you come here for the sheer selection of those beers. An enormous beer cave makes one feel like a kid in a beer store. Unfortunately "Very very VERY good beer selection. I liked going into the ""beer cave"" and finding a wide selection of Belgian beers including ones that I hadn't seen since studying abroad in Paris. Hot dogs were excellent  I've seen mostly families taking advantage of D's great prices and groups of friends chatting and sharing drinks.  It's definitely not a place to go to see and be seen Sick tap selection.  Better than anything in D.C. where I currently live.  I was shocked.  So many Stone beers as well as other breweries that I rarely see.  Went here twice while visiting Pittsburgh.  I liked the scene here.  It was low-key and people were polite.  The hotdogs were great.  I had the Chicago dog.  I loved the peppers they put on the dog; not sure what they were.  I definitely recommend this place if you like craft beer. "Even though they were out of the first beers we asked for (the Dogfish Punkin) this place hit the spot for a junk food craving. Vegetarians: the veggie dog is awesome  but if you're looking for the best bar food- this is it. If you're looking for the best beer selection- you can't find anything better. Good selection on tap and amazing variety in the beer cave (they say it's ~1000 different beers). Some say Sharp Edge has better on tap...but their food is terrible."  D's Chicago Dogs are one of my faves on their menu.  D's also makes a mean chili which is good on your dawgs or pomme frites.  Not to mention the plethora of beer!! They have almost every beer imaginable (unfortunately not on tap). D's is a local favourite and is definitely worth a try when visiting Pittsburgh." "D's is a legend in beer in Pittsburgh. The selection can't be beat and the food is unique and a style all its own. Thanks's for the years of beers This place is family and group friendly  it's got cole slaw and french fries on it."  and the beer cave...mmmm.  My only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!" "One of the few reasons I may miss Pittsburgh when I go to grad school. The hot dogs are piled on high with the best  I would have totally sampled some of the fine brews they had stocked away.  What I did enjoy was the friend zucchini.  It was hot from the fryer when it got to our table  stocking without pretense; Miller and Unibrau.  The hot dogs are good.  The beer is unfortunately not so cheap; six packs aren't much cheaper than just buying four or five beers.  Bad for groups more that four people; great for two or three." Beware of the yellow mustard though. After several washings Hot dogs with mac n cheese on them."  and a cheese sauce. It oddly worked and I enjoyed the meal before I had to hit the road. The fries our table shared was also a winner as they were crispy and uniformly cut and fluffy potato goodness in the middle. Definitely a great cheap eats spot." Awesome beer awesome dogs. Hm.. hungry. I'm going there now." 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g Oh! And did I mention the beer selection isn't too shabby? Watermelon beer in the summer...mouth watering." Terriffic neighborhood place for a small group to grab some terribly unhealthy food and try some new beers."  I would definitely come back again and again." * and by ""good"" I mean ""good for PA"" where liquor laws are an absurd kafkaesque mess and a lindeman's geuze is about as interesting as it gets (for like $15 You can't beat their beer selection. Make sure to visit the beer cave while you are there and their section of take-out beer for an even larger selection."  I usually get 2 of their Chicago dogs and a couple orders of chili fries when I'm with a bunch of people. The best part of D's is their beer cave. It is packed with beers all over the world. This was the only place I could find Perkuno's Hammer before it got retired. You can find bottles of literally anything here. The best part is that you can grab a 6-pack and just fit any 6 beers in it to go or have them for the table."  let's just say that there are more selections than you can imagine (... they claim 1000+!!!)"  go here if you want a great beer selection and good bar food.  It's always pretty busy and the service is good!" I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in the Pittsburgh area or anyone who is crazy enough to drive 7 hours for a hot dog." (The Monroeville location is better  all the right high-quality toppings and a fresh-tasting bun. The pub fries sealed the deal though - a huge pile of fries with generous helpings of perfectly-melted cheese and just-soft-enough-just-crispy-enough bacon. My friend and I could have shared the large order of Pub Fries and been just fine. I saw someone's sandwich across the bar  though they've opened the ""loft"" upstairs that seems to have a full bar - I haven't been there." "I think their beer selection is much more impressive than their hot dog selection. although  it is awesome.  All the Belgian beer a girl could want.  And the wings.  And oh  and it seems like the servers congregate in one place and leave the other vacant at any given time. Very nice people though."  I'm not sure why anyone would go to a hot-dog joint and expect good service.  So ignore anyone talking about hot-dogs and come here for the beer. Finally Cons: Sometimes crowded and loud" The service can be a little hit or miss due mostly to the sheer amount of business they do on a Friday or Saturday night."  help and general vibe of this little joint was spot-on. If you're in the 'Burgh  its resulting greatness in D's. This probably has the biggest selection of anywhere I've been and the food is great too. Every loaded fries that passed hooked my eyes like I'd been celibate for a year. Take a dollar off for take-out beer too. I love the descriptions in the menus and how every hot dog is the same price." Amazing. One of the best ever for bad to the bone great bar food. Sidenote: I highly recommend D's Sixpax for someone's 21st birthday to pick out a six-pack from their epic selection of brews. (Also  buttery. So sorry but this weenie came up flat too. I did like the Mason Dixon! The crunchy-ness of the coleslaw made a huge difference but the meat was still chewy and too salty. Could it be that I am too picky when it comes to my meat? If I am shopping for picnic eats I do go for Smith hot dogs WITH the casing or the large sized Hebrew Nationals. Now those are the mouthwatering crowd pleasers I'm talkin' about!"  but they seriously do something very special to them that I cannot figure out." Draft Belgian beer and a Mason Dixon dog. This place is magical."  which is cool. I am not a beer drinker but the beer cave is so impressive! I'm sure I could have found something special but wasn't in a browsing mood. Another thing This place is pretty good! they serve a selection of creatively topped dogs and some of the best greasy fries I have had in awhile. enough said!  Time to go drink some beer and devour this dog!  great beer and root beer.  amazing election of bottled beer.  Staff is nice and this place is super kid friendly.  Order the veggie Chicago dog. Yum and messy too so watch your feet."  stop by in the afternoon on a Saturday or Sunday for a great local vibe."  bring a growler or buy one of theirs. Prices are reasonable and the selection is outstanding." n7DOwcTqsJ5LGc_L9nr-Zg  but I'm tired of the abuse from waitstaff who look annoyed that I'm even there.  If this was just a once-in-a-while occurrence  and there's an awful lot to like. My favorite dishes are the Big Ben Hot Dog or the Balboa Chicken Sandwich  on the other hand...inedible.  Stick to the dogs and the za "I go here a lot.  I think most folks who live in Regent Square Swissvale Edgewood area do too.  And it's probably not because the food is so utterly delicious.  It's because it's a groovy little place with young hipster (and some not so hipster) bartenders and waitresses that serves up an endless array of beers in a funky loud space.  I love Regent Square and always saw the potential for the grand old days of Hippy Free Love lying dormant in her quaint shops and family eateries ... until D's sprang to life in a former dry cleaner gun shop space.  Oh yes  relax and enjoy the goods.You won't regret it.  D's is definitely not a rush-in D's still remains the gem of Regent Square and is worth the pilgrimage to Beer Mecca if you have never been." Food was decent.  Typical bar grill menu.  We ordered up some Pub Fries and Wings.  Decent  their service:  Really lackluster.  ""Entitled"" is the word I would use.  It pains me to give them 15% If you're visiting Pittsburgh and anywhere close (heck...even if you aren't close) head to D's and grab a taste of a great local bar" "Best burger and hot dog bar in town.  About 25 unique beers on tap.  I like the Chicago Burger And you have to take a stroll around the beer cave.  It's not quite as impressive as I was hoping  but the food keeps bringing me back! About 25 unique beers on tap.  I like the Chicago Burger Try the fries with chili or cheese! or the pimped up Pub fries!  Yum!   They have other food but I tend to get a dog All in all as a Regent Square resident this is our go-to place to hang out and bring friends and visitors."  including a mix your own 6 pack deal and "D's is a fantastic place with food! Reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere! Can get crowded but that's because it's soooo good! I love the selection of beer "Amazing beer selection on tap as well as bottled. You can get beer to go warm or cold and do mix and match six packs. Also  I don't care) & the most incredible fries around. I live in Regent Square & I'm thrilled to have a local go-to place for a quick dinner & a beer for very reasonable prices. They often have a $5 dog & fries lunch special that I gratefully take advantage of. Yum!"  I am huge on add-ons. This is where D's comes in. I totally recommend the chihuahua hot dog. It has avocado!!! The wings are delish too. This place is a must go for beer lovers. I am still the light and sweet kinda beer person  the hot dog selection is great for both carnivores and vegetarians. My two favorites being the Chihuahua dog and the red alert dog. Spicy The wait staff is always friendly and helpful.  Check it out!" I feel like a restaurant that serves cheese sauce like a food group should have a warning label on the door 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g  and parmesean.  They were all decently meaty.  The parmeseans with a side of the spicy mayo were good stuff  don't get me wrong... but I find parents here tend to let their children act out a lot Regent Square is a really cute little area that has a ton of great bars and restaurants.  Highly recommended."  it is a hidden gem. They have one of the largest beer selections I have ever seen! The staff is helpful and friendly and the food is great!"  good bar food.  Great hot dogs." D's is just one of those places I love going to. I can't get enough of picking out my own 6 pack of wonderfulness. All amazing beer. The food has never let me down. The service has always been good. This place is just awesome.  I really wish I could give this place more than five stars."  and you can also take the bus here and then see a movie." Also this doesn't really bother me i still ate my food but the guy cooking the food didn't wear gloves and did touch the food with his bare hands often. If you're OCD maybe just get a beer or don't sit at the bar where you can see this. Don't worry he didn't pick anything up off the floor and put it back on plates  which is good since I don't eat drink anything with gluten in it!" The dogs are good.  The fries are decent.  The salads are good.  The wings are good. The pizza is good.  Even the burgers are decent.  Their draft selection is awesome.  The Monday night 35-cent wings are now the Monday night 50-cent wings.  They could have at least gone to 40-cents first... best. beer. selection. hands. down. We waited almost an hour for a table but the bartender was super attentive the whole time and was on point with suggestions. It was def worth the wait too! We ordered a pizza and a few apps which were so good. No complaints here - we will totally be back.  but the Mason Dixon with its slaw and chili was killer. The fries and barbeque wings were just as good. I also liked the atmosphere  ""That place is really cool."" I had a bottled microbrew Yum! Great little find just outside of the city....especially if you are Chicago dog fan The sad part is that D's closes fairly early--the bar closes at 11 on Sunday-Wednesday and midnight on Thursday-Saturday. The kitchen closes an hour before the bar." Side bonus for me -- happened to hear music from a local band from Denver (former homestead) while dining.  Made me homesick." Their hot dogs and fries are affordable and good but even though they have like 300 different beers in bottle their beers are over price and will triple your tab. That and yet have a limited draft menu.  the restaurant was fun and we smiled laughed and jokes through a rather mediocre meal."  but I wish they had a better selection of gluten-free beers. There are lots of tasty ones out there  my sickness impaired me from imbibing and I actually spent the latter half of the time there barfing in the bathroom (not to the fault of D's) while my friends shopped for a bevy of beer in the cave. Also worth mentioning is how friendly everyone here was. Lots of helpful staff members and even the other ladies in the bathroom who were concerned with my hurling to the point where they wouldn't leave me alone and I had to lie and say that it was no big deal  I don't dislike D's I.  Quite the contrary.  After all  etc.  Hot dogs are one of their specialties and I'm not a huge hot dog fan but the bratwurst I had with bacon and mac-n-cheese on top was amazing! I also had the fried zucchini appetizer which was cooked perfectly and the sauces were very tasty (marinara and a spicy ranch-like sauce).  I went on a Wednesday evening post-happy hour and was surprised how super crowded it was So the food is great and the beer is excellent and I've found the service to also be right on.  These folks are extremely popular so at peak times it's mobbed.  Do yourself a favor and show up off peak and you'll eat and drink much more quickly." If that isn't enough to get you stop by D's then you're missing the point and probably shouldn't anyhow."  what more do you need to know!...Waiter made some excellent beer suggestions and I rarely stray from the ""off the rack"" Chicago dog but his suggestion to add the bacon was spot on.  No trip is complete without visiting the beer cave.  Some hard to get gems can be had.  Many of the choices can be found at Giant Eagle now for less.  Their selection of Mikkeller offerings was an unexpected bonus.  Walked out of their with some great hard to find titles...see you guys next year!...." I like it. Veggie friendly too. 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g I hope D's is with us for decades to come." Had the scorpion dog with Mac and cheese. It made my day.  I usually come for the beer cave. Best build-your-own six pack joint in the city!" New menu! Check it out! P.S. There is also sit-down service in a room between the bar and Cave that seemed more family-friendly. I noticed several tables had pizzas and burgers  so either come early or be prepared to wait for a table if the big game is going on." I had the barbeque chicken pizza the first time and it wasn't bad They also have a beer cave with over 1000 beers!" "I'm subleasing an apt across the street and have been in a few times now.  Hot dogs are good and cheap but the burger options  and I will definitely take any of my beer-loving friends here." I love this place. Hands down my favorite place to grab a beer in the east end. They have a great draft selection that changes often in addition to a beer cave of cold bottles. Staff is efficient and friendly and they play great music. I also love their wings...D'sWing Dust (dry rub) is my favorite flavor. "Great place for grabbing quick eats with an excellent beer selection. Their ""Beer Cave"" is awesome if you enjoy creating custom six packs. There also is a nice bottle chiller "While living in Regent Square I went to this place way too often! It has a great selection of beer and the food is pretty decent - they probably serve the best fries I've ever had. It feels more like a restaurant in the sense that you wouldn't sit here drinking all night Quite an interesting place but worth the visit in a little town." Hot dogs were delicious and fun to mix and match toppings. They do fried dogs too and it's great. Beer selection is obviously fantastic. Check our their beer cave!  my fiance would have proposed to me at D'z. We truly regret not waiting to go here but time was of the essence. D'z you truly are my favorite spot to be any day at any time and you will always be the place i wish i would have been proposed to at!!!!!!!!!!" "I enjoyed my evening experience here last night. The bar was really busy but service was still fast. They only serve beer and wine downstairs. If you want a mixed drink you have to go upstairs. We ordered a large supreme pizza I eagerly await my next trip to D's!"  if I have a few more of the Mac'N Cheese hot dog and Fries combinations  knowledgeable service. Part of why Regent Square is so great." This is a great spot for some craft beers and bar type food." best beer selection ever! it was hard to pick just one beer out of the beer cave. The food was really good. Big fan of the fries! D'z dogs is the best. All the employees seem to want to be here. Nothing is better then when your food provider is excited about what he she is doing. Come try a scorpion dog.!!!!  innovative burgers that'll blow your socks off I try to hit this place at least once a year." Love this place. Awesome selection in their beer cave. "This is a beer lover's dream and one of my favorite spots in Regent Square.  Great place to go to watch a game.  It is also kid friendly as almost every time I am visiting this place there are families with young children enjoying themselves.  The biggest decision is to pick a beer off the draft list which always has a great selection or pick one from in the beer cave. I usually try a draft and then head into the chilled beer cave. There is also a larger section of single beers for purchase in the back that are not cold. If you want to drink them while at the restaurant they have a chiller-so cool!!  My past visit I was impressed by the large selection of pumpkin beers. I tried a bottle called Baked by Lancaster Brewing-tastes just like pumpkin pie!!  To go with it I ventured from my usual Chicago dog and ordered the Angry Tikki-pineapple "D's is a great place!  Its unique as far as quasi-bars are concerned insofar as I go with a friend and have some dogs burgers pizza wings and a few beers  which I felt gave me license to have a (delicious) hot dog washed down with a few great beers. I can't wait to return!"  down-to-earth place where you can kick it back with a beer (or in my case a cider) and enjoy company with friends. It was a perfect ending to our movie night at the Regent Square Theater. With smiles planted on our faces after watching a dark comedy  and this is a good spot for larger parties (5+). The french fries are excellent and very crispy  and they consistently have proven to have great food and service. Oh byW028BfkDNkEXpINimbmA "This place is great.  Excellent beer selection.   The best fries in town  you'll get a spot and you'll be happy you did. Don't like hotdogs you say?  Well   and awesome homemade chipotle hummus.  They even had veggie dogs for my cousin! Everyone there was so nice.   If you drink good beer the beer cave will awe you. ..hell I drink Miller lite and I was in awe.   So many beers!"  and I'm looking forward to heading out in the spring time and enjoying some hot dogs in the warm air!"  and the beer selection is among the best in the city. I'll keep coming back. For sure!"  its a damn shame they dont offer a gift registry.  Because I would register for beer.  I would.  No judgement." The last time I was there we were having fun upstairs playing darts and racking up a tab. The bartender was nice enough to actually stop us and point out that it had started to snow  buy one if you're feeling spendy or simply don't have a place like this anywhere near you."  which was a large helping of french fries smothered in cheese and avocado with a side of ranch. I had the Chihuahua hot dog with a veggie hot dog and added grilled onions and my partner had a specialty Octoberfest hot dog. Both were large and delicious. We did not have to wait long for a Friday night and the service was excellent. The space tends to be crowded so this is not the place to go for a quiet fancy dinner  filled with beers from all over the world.  They also have delicious pizza and fries.  So if you are in the mood for bar food Cons: I was here after brunch to catch the hockey game and they had NCAA basketball on instead; not a big deal The food is great and service is just fine." If you have never been here; I recommend it."  or just experimenting with a new Belgian brew Definitely will be back for more :)" "I love this place! Vegetarian options are good and the atmosphere is great. I also love the beer selection. It's really a great place to go for lunch  even if my heart now hates me in return. 4.5 Stars."  and it seems that this is true from the crowds I have always seen here. But fear not fellow 20 single somethings: this place can be for you too! There is ample room at the bar to chill with good beers to watch the game  make a trip to D's. It's definitely worth it."  and next time I'll make it a point to try the food. Judging by some of the other reviews  a lot o beer selection. Simple food. I watched the World Cup here and was very nice with the front open to the street for outdoor seating. Good fries."  the power went out temporarily and workers and patrons alike kept on going like it was -no big deal- I honestly couldn't be happier with my experience." They do have some vegetarian options as well The most amazing food ever! Had the blue cheese burger and sweet potato fries and it was best I ever had!! Even the ranch was out of this world ! Service was amazing! Courteous and so friendly !!! Definitely coming back! What's not to like here? Best hot dog in town with a variety of different toppings and styles.  Amazing selection of beers in the back.  Great place to go with friends on a Friday night! 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g I love this place so good." "D's is a great place to drink to your heart's content with any darn beer you please! They have just about any beer your little mug could possibly conjure up. The service is quick  head into the beer cave. I like that you can find a crazy variety and try new beers. Always busy  and the rotating drafts have something for everyone. I had the pulled pork dog which had just the right amount of hot dog I would definitely recommend you give this place a try." "Best fries around and a really good beer selection.  A little bit of a drive for us Mac n cheese dog is incredible.  This place is small and gets packed so be prepared for a long wait and no personal space.  and this is the perfect place for a night out or even to get beer for a night in. My boyfriend is obsessed with the create your own six pack from the beer cave. We ate here on a friday and the place was packed but we got sat right away and our food came out fast. Amazing specialty hummus of the day ( i think it was chipotle ranch) and great sandwiches. The portions are huge and you won't leave hungry."  and we like to drag our out-of-town friends here as well. This place is honestly one of the best things about living in Regent Square. The staff are friendly and efficient and the food is always hot and fresh. The beer is of course outstanding. What more could you want in a neighborhood bar?" I agree with others that the beer cave is wonderful.  I could stay in there for hours!  The pizza ain't bad either!  people poured in.  Families with little kids and groups of older adults standing in the crowded doorway waiting for the opportunity to eat mediocre food.  Hmmm....makes me think a new restaurant in Regent Square is in order because there is clearly a deficit."  and the beer cave is a happy place with one of the best selections in the city." "I have to echo the sentiments of others on the service here...it is always friendly and quick (but not suspiciously so). Plenty of beers to choose from on tap The verdict?  I would come back here for a Chicago dog and ask them to boil it to prevent the risk of a singed dog "Just stopped in for a beer or two before the Pens game. Bartenders were very friendly  happy ambience.  The food is nothing spectacular but not bad as well - even though the hot dogs are pretty good.  It has a large selection of drafts and there is also a back ""room"" where you can buy pretty much any beer that exists either for taking it to your home or for having it with your dinner.  The service was fast and helpful.  I am sure I will be visiting this place again in the future but just do not expect something spectacular." "Great selection of beers and Would I go back? Definitely." Seriously average food with above average prices. The waitstaff all seems to think highly of themselves. I'm wondering if a prerequisite to work here is to feel that you're better than others because you know all the Belgium beers.  don't care about their customers.  What happens when the owner values money over ""being there"" to oversee the business.  I'm a local and have been going to D's since they opened...but that doesn't matter any more....with the exception of Eli  so occasionally you might have to wait a bit to get a seat."  $14 for a 12 oz bottle of Wulver and $25 for a bottle of Angel Share! Whoever is actually subjecting themselves to those outrageous prices are literally getting robbed. You can find a $25 four pack of Wulver and a $10 single of Angel Share at Giant Eagle.. In fact  try the Chicago dog or the Bug Ben!  Incredible beer selection too." This place is a must try. I would say it's a bar you can bring your kids to if you have any. The service is great the food is better. Me and my girlfriend got pub fires with cheese and bacon to share. I got the Angry tiki and Chili dog she got the Pot roast and Big Ben  all on beef franks. The food came out in no time and with a bill of only 35$ including a beer it was a great price. They also have a massive beer cave in the back. Next time I stop in here I have to bring a group of friends so we can all try one another's food. "Over 200 reviews and over 100 photos. What more can I say other than I've been coming here for over 15 years and have never had a bad experience. True beer lovers love D's.  Oh  my husband and I make it a date to spend an afternoon in Regent Square and finish off with a good late lunch at D's. The beer selection is amazing." "D's is perfect for those not so fancy afternoons. I love sitting outside with my dog and people watching while sipping on one of their unique beers. the staff is always so helpful with suggestions on what to drink. the pizzas are decent  and were quite impressed with the selection--now CM has a neighborhood go-to spot the next time he needs to bring a six pack to a party!  With the City Dining Card "Superb beer selection. Great hot dogs. Super fast and friendly service! They ask work as a team. I had everything and was done in less than half an hour "Usually get the bacon cheddar dog which is awesome but tried the pizza tonight.  It was great!   Good quick service Also a great bonus - you can grab your own beer from the beer cave in the back and chill out."  a group of us from Pitt come for the large one-topping $10 pizza night! The waiters and waitresses are always so friendly  onion and cheddar hot dog. Amazing. I also got the D's wing dust wings and it was quite possibly the best flavor of wing I have ever had. It tasted like a bbq chip with a kick crushed up for the flavor. I highly recommend that." Very nice when the weather is good and the garage door in front is open. Otherwise it is a bit dark and dingy." "went for a late lunch with friends. I'm a new single mom with a 7 month old and my friends had a 2 year old along as well. our server was extremely attentive and incredible about the kiddos being along. he brought crayons for the toddler and was one step ahead of our needs which was amazing and unique... it's not always easy to go out with a kid in tow where you can get great patient service AND good food and beer. I had the Cuban dog (pretty terrific) and sweet potato fries. one small order could probably feed 2-3 people...good to know for next time. the beer selection was super. I've been looking for barleywine style ales in this area and most places I've tried haven't even known what I was asking for. these guys were able to help me put together a cool sampler of a few different kinds to take home and try. this was a great visit and D's will definitely be on my beer and food radar in the future. also loved the open air bistro feel for summer. the price seemed a little high for hot dogs but the dogs were really tasty and after it was all said and done This is the ultimate in bro style  service best suited to half loaded  college students or anyone with low expectations of service at a bar and grill." I love this place.  Every trip to Pittsburgh (about twice a year) I stop in for a great dog and a choice of many  beers.  I suggest everyone stop by and enjoy a wonderful dog and beer! "The place is kind of small and disjointed a bit but they make up for it with their beer selection and great staff. The food is mostly bar food with a twist Great pizza! I recommend the Cin-Ds pizza sub red sauce! Fast and friendly service! I would come back here again. Fries are good too. Good beer selection. The best is at Patrick's day breakfast...or any other time you chose to patron the establishment." We come here often for their beer selection and spend too long in that cave. Go to Franktuary. It's a million times better in every way."  but nothing to write home about. Getting a seat can be a problem during lunch or dinner time particularly on weekends." The beer selection to make your own sixer is incredible. So many beers from all other the U.S. And international. The crafty hot dogs were incredible especially the angry tiki dog. I'll def be coming back here.  and great on tap selections of microbrews." "Amazing hot dogs. LOVE their DOM (Dog Of the Month) Its always something crazy. For September 2015 is the Greek dog. They have great burgers too. Somewhat crowded  great selection of beers and their bites are among the best I've tried in Pittsburgh. Go for the Chihuahua or Bacon Cheddar dogs My husband and I came to Pittsburgh for our 4 year anniversary. After eating out for two days we were about to head home but decided to stop here on the way. So glad we did! After having sub par service for the past 2 days the guy waiting on us was great! He checked on us often and the food was so good. One of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Also found some great beers in the beer cave (some that I've been trying to find for awhile now). Will definitely go back here if we are ever in the area. We will definitely be back. Hopefully on a Saturday again so that we can go for a Bloody Mary and buy a 6-pack to go."  everyone was super nice...maybe I just caught them on an off night and everyone was frazzled.  Either way..the food was good One of my favorite spots to grab a dog. Fantastic beer selection (check out the beer cave if they don't have what you want on tap!) they'll let you sample the beers on tap if you're unsure. Favorite things here are the hot Valentine dog and the angry tiki! You can add anything you want on their extensive list of toppings. I will definitely come back again and again!  especially at a time when it's tough to find great food for a reasonable price in this city. The best feature of D's is their beer cave to the rear of the restaurant. While your dinner companions peruse the menu "Best ranch dressing in Pittsburgh!  Good beer selection  and ambience is slightly better than average. Beer is fresh and kegs are rotated regularly. Highly recommended! Can be crowded at dinner lunch times."  this isn't the place for you. Unfortunately it's just a bit out of the way for me to come in here just for a mixed six pack unless there's something really special that I'm looking for."  but i was excited to just get some and try them out. I ended up only choosing 2 of Hofbrahaus' Hefe Weizen (my fav!!!!) Bobby picked out 4 others that i will try. They had soooo many different options. I was excited to find beers from Hofbrahaus & Fat Heads. how cool."  I went in for a growler and found a similar situation... Very few IPAs to choose from.  So I am wondering which keg kicked first tonight... The IPA or one of the many Mad Elfs....  sorry for the rant...it is just disappointing to me...."  1 hot dog and a handful of fries. Not a good value in my book. Probably won't be back." Staff are always friendly despite the busy and controlled chaos."  but in the beer cave... although I did snag the last sad can of it in the cave. That's okay The main draw for me is their huge beer cave. You can feel free to walk back and wander around and pick any beer that you're feeling. They have a refrigerated section and a non refrigerated section. They also have a small chilling stand that you can pop your warm beer in to get it cold enough for you. They also always have a lot of good unique beers on tap." "What can I say? I love this place! I live in Regent Square and I'm here weekly. I secretly bought my house because it's walking distance to D's. The beer selection is awesome. The food is great. The staff is amazing - they always make my family feel at home. The kid LOVES the mac n cheese. Being vegetarian Next trip I'll be adding Mac n cheese to my chili dog.  Why not combine the two toppings  have a drink and most importantly have a hot dog.  Very friendly bartenders and wait staff.  The menu sports a variety of simple to gourmet hot dogs along with other items.  They have several TV's mounted for viewing of games at the bar and they have loyal locals who frequent the bar.  Outdoor seats are nice for a sunny day.  Be sure to ask about hot dog specials!" wide variety of beers on tap or on shelf or in cooler... (warm&cold) 6-packs to-go... and great waiting staff...  for being a small but great shop in Swissvale... always busy but that only means their doin things right.... great food and beverage" "My friend and I come here often on Sunday nights and sit at the bar. Great draft beer selection and consistently good food. My favorite things to get are: the Cuban dog It was gooooooood chilly cheese fries and hot dogs what else can u ask for ? They have Tons of beer for the ones that want beer. I was here at noon so we did not have beer. It was reasonably priced the staff is good. Hands on. Music was great ! We will come back  and D's was one of my favorite spots. At the time I had a 3 year old daughter (who loved hot dogs) "Stopped in here for a beer on a Saturday night. Great selection of beers and the food looked good. Very busy on a Saturday night Suggestions: Go on Thursdays - Great dogs and fries special."  tried one of their hot dogz with jalapenos and cheese. It was really great! They had a nice selection of craft beers and even offered some options for brunch (besides dogz). So you could totally eat there for breakfast. The 6 pack shop is connected and has tables you can sit at. I was really impressed For a meal and 2-3 beers look to pay anywhere from 25-35 dollars even at happy hour."  groups of friends. All different ages. French fries and hot dogs are staples. Chicago dog is what I usually get. Nice beer selection. It can get really busy and the staff is always on their game." 2X5G4Ujq0s4Wfn4TC7gX0g  service was awesome.  Choice of beers was exceptional!" D's will always be a five-star establishment to me. Rating it any less would feel like a deep betrayal to my family! :-)" It's honestly hard to go wrong here with such a great selection of beer and food!"  and affordable! The service is always friendly and on time...I believe they value my time.   We both got our favorite dogs and the best French fries in Pittsburgh.  The server also signed me on for no wait app which made our checking out and paying sooo easy." Dining at D's was a great experience and I recommend it to anyone wanting a casual meal with great menu choices." "I'm not much of a beer drinker so I'll focus on the food. My girlfriend is vegetarian so I'm always looking for a vegetarian-friendly menu. It's rare that she has almost as many choices as I do  so I'm not that amazing of a listener! I do try and make sure I eat healthier than my disgusting smoking habit but we stopped into D's on our way back into town and I was still in vacation mode! I ordered a chili dog because I am not insane and their spicy cheese dog! Both were delicious! The spicy cheese dog had pepper cheese and pickled relish on it and I love anything pickled! The chili dog was also really hearty but I did wish there were jalapenos on it. i suppose I could have gotten them and am just lazy. Either way "I attended a fundraiser here this past weekend for two local men who are currently serving in Afghanistan. I have also been here several times to drink and watch the hockey game. Every time I have had a wonderful experience  you'd want to move next door to this one. But you can't  Bud beers are cheap. No food. Just drinks." Sunday funday $1 tacos are awesome." Very fun to go here for St. Patricks day festivities!They are smoke free now which is a a major plus!  though very few will ever make it into the back room.  It's essentially a dead zone.  There's a fancy back bar that remains closed so that two bartenders can roost on top of each other like Master Blaster in Beyond Thunderdome and watch TV.  This kind of forces patrons to hover near the front.  So  slightly dingy neighborhood bar that is great for relaxing after work." Verdict: if you want a quick drink (and I mean ""drink  that any place that offers popcorn for $.25 is alright by me (better than having it sitting on the bar and you have no idea who has put their hands in there)."  but so what? It's got cheap beer and is an ok spot for a quiet pint. The front bar feels a bit grotty but the back is big and it's fine to hang out in. Nothing special but not terrible either."  this is your place. You will not receive angry stars from the regulars as you walk in and the bartenders are friendly.It's quite smoky though so be prepared to come out wreaking of nicotine." I think this kind of bar would be fun for a group so you could take advantage of the shuffle board and stuff like that."  etc.  She cannot get to this area and has a ramp that she would give to the owners so she can access this area.  They refuse to put in the ramp.  I thought all public businesses had to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act as long as it does not create an undue hardship.  Tell me Saw Tim Cauley there one time. We played billiards and darts together then we picked a song out on the jukebox. It was fun "It's a typical dark and smokey dive bar. I don't say this in a negative way. It is what it is. Drinks are reasonably priced. There's a jukebox and darts. Fun crowd  friendly staff and nice patrons. Everyone seems to know each other but they aren't rude to newcomers. It's within walking distance from my house so I'll definitely be coming back!" Service was very good. Meal clocked in around $15 with tip which I think is 3 or 4 too high. Much more extensive menu than Denny's along with a bar if you happen to need a late night fill up."  and little attention to detail.   We recieved the wrong order due to the server's error.   No compensatory effort was made.   not even a free dessert after waiting an ""EXTRA"" 2 hours.   Bottomline  aided greatly by the happy hour appetizer discount.  I have no interest in going to Applebee's again because I can get better burgers "Consistent service @ the bar w Chuck pouring drafts and mixing up fruity delights. Decent food - don't expect great. Lots of under 500 calorie and Weight Watcher items. Several tv's to watch games. You'll find everyone from book-reading wives that didn't want to cook to laborers grabbing a cheap steak & a few cold ones to huge celebrations filling many tables. It's a great community asset for many.  The Ritz h3la53L9-OX_HlfeAySh0Q Nothing special. Precooked meals that taste microwaved.  one chain restaurant is just like the rest but I have had nothing but problems here. The staff appears to be constantly changing as does the managers which should tell you something. I've been there for lunch and dinner and continue to have issues. Here are just some of the problems that we have had: a co-worker had an entire glass of iced tea dropped on him and nothing was comped on his check; we have had to wait a very long time for our orders to be taken; I ordered the pick 2 and was told that the soup could not possibly come out first(even though I've done this before); they have argued with us over what the meal is supposed to come with to the point of us showing them a picture; and staff does not appear to be properly trained."  but the wait and the mistakes make it highly unlikely we will never return to this location."  I wasn't impressed. It took me 20 mins to find something (partly because I'm picky). But I ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo  our server.   He informed us of the late night appetizers  Pittsburgh Rare. I asked for medium rare. He returns and I tell him that the chef needs to go back to culinary school and learn how to prepare a steak. The manager apologizes again and asks me if I want to take this pathetic piece of beef home with me! Not only is it rare but it's a cheap cut of strip steak that is loaded with connective gristle. I said no thanks. He comped my husband's meal and we left. I never hope for people to lose their jobs but the cook and the server really need some serious retraining! I will never go back to this Applebee's again."  we went at 11:30 on a Friday (they're open until 1am) and he didn't try and shuffle us out or anything  and sit on hold for 15+ minutes only to find out it was because they didn't have anyone manning the phone. The last time they didn't include an entree we'd ordered Came here for lunch with my cousin. The hostess Lay in our waitress Tia  (I believe that was her name) are very nice and accommodating to us. Before our food came out an emergency came in would have to leave. Tia had our food packed and ready to go within minutes. Thank you Even when this place was slammed the drinks were coming fast and service was good. has plenty of room and although I didn't eat there they do have food." Cigarette smoke is way too heavy in here. I would like to support this local business more often but the smoke reminds me of a steel mill.  and also serve drinks at the tables. The food is great (I love their salad)  so I admit I like the Olive Garden.  But my husband better not take me here on date night!" "I hate Olive Garden. It makes me laugh when they ask ""how is everything?""  I wonder what goes through their minds when I say ""The microwave did an awesome job"". I'm in town for a few days The service was great while we were here. The food was average. And the parking was bad.  but I do like eating at the Olive Garden in Greentree.  The food is pretty good here and the service is always excellent.  Although not my first choice I ordered food that I believed was gluten free.  Within twenty minutes I started to have symptoms and was sick for two days.  I believe that my food may have been gluten free but that cross contamination caused my problem.  I had the same experience at another Pittsburgh Olive Garden restaurant and so am concluding that they may not be careful with cross contamination.  and everything they have is sooo good." I've never once had a bad meal there.  I've never once had less than top-shelf service there.  I find Olive Garden restaurants have consistently higher quality not only compared to the other franchise stores in it's price range  salad and breadstick for lunch special!" The food was good and the service was even better.  We got there around 9 pm and I was surprised how good the service really was. "For a chain restaurant this place is as good as it gets. The food is always good and even if they slip up on service they have always made it up to us by buying part of our meal or giving us coupons for another visit. Everyone makes mistakes Worst experience at a restaurant... EVER!" Place is clean and kempt. It is one of my favorite places to eat when I get the opportunity."  it will be cheaper and it won't go to a big conglomerate who over charges on a plate of pasta Ten minute wait and easily most tables are open!!! Surprise it's lunch time!!!! I just passed six tables empty and clean. Beyond me...  the waitress was told us to order while she was serving the other table; so we basically yelled out our order." Now i'm back in Spain... I could really use an Olive Garden here!" I really like Olive Garden but the reason why I am giving this place (green tree next to Starbucks) is that the service is not consistent over time. One time the waitress was so rude that she was throwing the food on us and hubby got his coke with no ice. I understand that it can bee too busy at times but I have been to other Olive Gardens which they are equally busy if not busier! The food here is good but I would really recommend Olive Garden in Robinson instead.  to put it nicely.  Doubtful that I will go back." Just went on Saturday Olive Garden isn't usually my first choice  but it was really close.  The food was  surprisingly good.  But sometimes the service can really make the experience so much better and that's what happened.  I find it hard to remember when we had a server that was this good. It made the whole experience just wonderful. Thank you  Anthony it was a great pleasure to have you as our waiter  I hope you will still be there next month when we are back in Pittsburgh.   Great job Anthony !  microwaved and served.  I mean- if I wanted to eat microwaved food- I'd go to the freezer section of my grocery store and shop there.  Seriously- if you want good breadsticks & salad- go here... but that's the only reason.  I'd rather take the extra time & make real pasta at home "Well it is a Sunday night and the crowd is not here. I opted for the bar to sit and eat and found the entire wait staff joking it up about tossing salads... No really.  The bartender showed up to try and direct them to not sit there ... That lasted all of 5 minutes. Very unprofessional staff so far.  Well now I know about this waitress' tanning habits and dog problems... Her ex must have ran So I gave it another chance during the Lunch shift. Completely different experience provided by Amanda the bartender. Excellent service and great personality. She was busy but kept all the plates in the air without missing a beat. Based on this experience I will be back! Great Job Amanda!  I would say this one is the best. The chicken scampi is absolutely delicious as well as the chicken Alfredo. The only problem that I have experienced is paying $4 for extra Alfredo sauce. I don't believe that's fair considering the amount on the pasta was nowhere near the usual amount." Went here after finding out another restaurant was closed. Loved the ravioli de portabello. I am very pleased with Olives Gardens calories for their light menu options. I look forward to returning. The service was excellent. It far exceeded what I previously expected from this restaurant." To the ladies- this is the best joint in Pittsburgh to get your SATC mode on." "I was here last night for a few drinks and a couple of appetizers.  I go here about 6 or 7 times a year.  The bar itself is beautiful.  The seating is great with a huge circular bar in the middle and a lot of leather seats towards the sidewalk by the open air doors and windows.  They also have seating outside which is good for people watching especially when there is some type of event in the city.  I've found the staff to be a little above average  I will definitely be heading back to Bossa Nova on another night - it has a very nice atmosphere. But I'll be sticking to one drink at a time." Verdict: Drink but avoid the food at all costs..." Good drinks with some run of the mill tapas. Nothing was innovative which I don't mind since it wasn't to expensive. My food taste a little burnt which is what cost it the fourth star. Overall it's worth trying and you may like it better than I did. "SO disappointed with this place! I've been wanting to try it for some time and finally did and boy...what a letdown. I had heard that it was one of downtown's happening Happy Hour places "Cavernous and huge floor plan.   The location of Bossa Nova is perfect if you're downtown - either coming from or going to a show at Heinz Hall or walking across the Alleghany over the Clemente bridge to go to a game.  The place is handy if you're with a large group.  The timing was probably bad - the Monday nite of Thanksgiving week at 8 pm but there was no more than a 4 or so tables going off.   I fear that BN may not be long for this world.  However All in all a fun place to hang out.  One thing I noticed is that there is a gap between when it's jumping.  Right after work is good b c you get the happy hour peeps Although you will always have your creepers....case in point last night. A strange man claiming to work at Saks went around kissing our hands. But who doesn't come out of a bar without a creeper story. It just adds more flavor to the place...or a good story to tell the day after!" It was a little more bar than restaurant  the barstaff is generally friendly and very quick - most likely so you don't realize you just paid eight dollars for a beer."  so I was shocked for them to say they are closed when I walked in the door at 9:15 pm.  But I went back again the next day and had a wonderful meal there.  I was a little disappointed that some of the traditional Spanish items Came here for drinks on a Thursday night which was salsa night. Very classy and swanky.  Great to find some culture among the steeler jersey laden bars that cover most of the area.  Bossa Nova is one happening spot in the downtown area The quality of the food and drinks (and their corresponding high prices) probably merit a two-star review. But we were greated by a very pleasant hostess and served well by the nice bartender. Their service alone probably earns Bossa Nova the three stars I am giving." I am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort. Some of my favorite people like Bossa Nova. Just stating my personal experience."  no louder than the booming music mind you. Made my stomach churn. Also they used him to close at 1:15am on a saturday. Thats pretty lame for a downtown bar just because they were not packed. Bars in Salt Lake City Utah do that  again.   The hostess never lifted her head from whatever she was reading.   I think that a sign would have served a much better purpose.   On the back side it could have said ""thanks for your business"" .....or lack  but the atmosphere definitely gave off the ""I'm better than all of you"" type of vibe. Maybe it was the fact that they charge for th coat check?" "We went there for a late dinner. They have a tapa menu. The environment is nice. People were dancing in the bar area and the DJ has pretty good tastes for music. The food is just so so. The waiter waitress doesn't seem to know what they are doing... We waited for 20 mins just for someone to come back to get us the bill. The most surprising thing is: I ordered fries and I asked for ketchup. They said ""we don't have ketchup"".... which is quite ""amazing""..." I ended up going to Bossa on Latin Dance night.  I was impressed as to how many people were on the dance floor.  I had a good time and would most likely go back when I hit up Pittsburgh again. Went to an event here. The meatballs were frozen meatballs. It was ok. I probably wouldn't go back to eat. This place is average in food price and quality. But the attitude of this place could be better. Go to Six Penn instead. They have outstanding service without the pompous attitude Go to salsa night on Thursdays super FUN "The menu was small and underwhelming. The flatbread pizza most likely came out of the box. They didn't have the sauces I'd be interested to return here for a late night experience because the restaurant lounge has an open layout with peripheral seating which seems conducive to bumping into and then talking with people."  not a place I consider for a full meal (though I've done it). I suggest it for drink potential and perhaps some appetizers." "This is a gret place to go if you like Martini's!  The food is pretty good and the decor is awesome!  There are always some randoms bartending and you're never sure if you'll get a hipster or old mother Hubbard  we had a great time there."  but I often get them with a glass of 'funk.'  They need to clean their lines more often to get rid of that taste  they would definitely deserve a five-star rating." Solid place to grab a martini and listen to some sub-par live music. Far from amazing but hey not everywhere is going to be right? The calmari was excellent and we'll keep them in mind for their extensive dessert menu."  this place was very refreshing . The bar was very crowded but the staff made sure that everyone who came in was waited on right away . Great service tops everything else ." OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw Great time. Went over for drinks after James Taylor concert. Bar had a fun crowd Love the atmosphere and martini menu here. Nothing like a Frosted Grape martini and exposed brick to make you feel like a class act. I've also enjoyed any sandwich or salad I've ever gotten here. Highly recommeded!  we were presently surprised by the variety and quality at a reasonable price. The Buffalo Chicken spread was a flavorful hummus fare served with pita bites that were wonderful while warm. I had the Ahi Tuna Taco Platter that was tasty as well. The house Merlot was short of the $9 glass price "Pretty good.  The martini was weak  pre-performance drink dinner or night out.  There's a small restaurant set up downstairs and then upstairs has a really hip lounge feel.  The tomato bisque is beyond amazing and the desserts are decadent.  But since they have it in the name Nice location near the theater before the show?  Done and done.  I'd be back." I would definitely recommend for appetizers and drinks!" "Olive and Twist is a convenient and rather nice bar to visit if you're staying in the downtown area.  The huge beer list and so so martinis do their job well in attracting the suits and theater crowds in mass numbers.  Finding a seat can be a chore if you come at the wrong hour because no one ever leaves!  The food menu is your typical bar menu and is very well priced.  My party only got the nachos which were good.  Our bartender I can't say this is a south side meat market vibe but the young are here to mix and meet. This particular night we were full of giggles and playful flirtations. There was some kind of CMU business men event going on and within a minute the bar was packed with young eligible bachelors in suits. Way too dressy for my taste but it was fun to talk and check people out. Everyone was friendly and from my perch on the bar it seemed everyone had mixed drinks in hand so I joined in with my signature dirty martini. It was made just right. The ambiance and music was light. I was having a good time and an even better time when offered drinks and striking up conversation. I didn't get to sample the food because we had already eaten but I will def be back. This place would be ideal for a date night. Stay tuned..."  but the food was marginally good. It was very loud as well. Great lighting (Its been a little while since I was there last)" I'd certainly recommend anything with the purred fruit in it (apple  I'm not as big a fan of the food.  The buffalo chicken spread appetizer is great for happy hour but I just didn't love the other items I've tried and the entrees aren't memorable.  I recently discovered the upstairs lounge and it was comfortable and spacious (much more so than the crowded downstairs bar).   If you work downtown and you haven't stopped here for happy hour Not sorry. He sucked." Nothing special for drinks."  and plan on coming back! :]"  as they dimmed the lights and shut off the music we got the hint we've been talking way to long. If she could have been a tid more polite  great art work on the walls and the bartenders were extremely nice and attentive. The happy hour drink prices were also pretty good. I didn't get a chance to try any food but I did wander down for a minute and it seemed like everyone was having a good time. I'll def be back!" "I get it. It gets busy when you're a bartender waitress sometimes. I've been there myself. But you can explain why things are late or why it takes nearly half an hour to pour a glass of wine without being incredibly rude and cold Note - you may want to give them a call first... the upstairs is booked for private parties sometimes and if you're stuck downstairs I'm glad we've become such close friends and you both always welcome me with open arms even when it's been a while."  which I imagine would be neet. People were sure flowing in." For the drop in spot after a show or just happy hour with friends I found this to be a pretty down to earth and decent spot. The waitress was not that great but she was young "Excellent food (especially the tomato basil soup- and I don't even like tomato soup).  Moderate service I thought the service was good.. we sat in the dining area and had someone waiting on us the entire time. We walked by the bar on our way out - it was crowded with several groups of people standing around the bar. I'm glad we were at a table."  they also offer a reasonable selection of beers including microbrews." Went to this place for lunch. My wife order a wrap and I order a salad. Very nice food. The sweet potato fries are wonderful. My smoked duck break salad is wonderful too. Highly recommended. "Found you on Yelp and weren't disappointed. Very friendly waitstaff and good food (bar fare). Yummy desserts. The acoustics downstairs were terrible. Exposed brick everywhere and no noise dampening.  Not the best place for an intimate dinner or quiet conversation on the weekend. But a young  love the calamari. It's so good and spicy. There is an endless list of martinis and one is better than the next. There is a first and second floor  nice atmosphere to chill in the upstairs lounge and hang up with your friends. Classy crowd and much more mature  I'd say it was a fun atmosphere.  It seemed like an older crowd.  One problem was that the performer downstairs was too loud.  I'd say for a more relaxed  a fun atmosphere - pretty diverse crowd."  I think this is probably a way better bar to have a drink in then a restaurant.  I will return to try a martini "The cocktail menu options were mouth-watering. Great place to grab a drink with friends They do lose a star because even though we were one of three occupied tables and a few taken seats at the bar Try the sweet potato fries with a side of honey mustard instead of ketchup. Linda and the rest of the ladies at the bar are awesme.  and the Seared Tuna Salad is a muuuust. If you aren't feeling the salad  if I was going back to Pittsburgh in this area I saw some pretty amazing and tasty martini's being prepared. Olive Or Twist has a martini that is served with sprinkles rimming the glass I think I overheard that it was called the cake batter martini the food is great too!  Stop in for a drink  but one that we felt a little to young and poor for (we're still college students). I think I'd try somewhere else for a nice date night next time I go here pretty often for drinks. They have the best variety of martinis and it's lively in the evenings. The buffalo chicken spread is highlyyyy recommended.  but will probably avoid coming here during its busiest days and hours (i.e. the end of the week and beginning of the weekend)."  and if he's the only one up front who has to seat me I get a distinctly unhappy vibe off him.  Killing him with kindness does not work.  Other than him **Disclaimer:   5 stars doesn't have to mean it's New York City good. It is a simple place and it's not flashy by any means.   I'd take a girl for the beginning of a date or on the opposite end of the spectrum "Only rating the upstairs friday happy hour. It had a nice lounge like feel with a lot of females. Not sure if it's always like this. The bar was trying to get rid of their excess green beer from St Pattys for just $1  we should have just went to the Sharp Edge down the street. Probably a much safer bet for future endeavors."  and people don't realize there's more to this place than just drinks. The food is under rated and tasty. Always on a recommend to other list." It was a great and comfortable experience for a bar. I will be going back soon!"  pleasant and comfortable. I was there on a Friday. The entertainment was excellent (a one-man band by the name of Mark Pipas -- who played music from all genres and rarely took breaks). The bar tenders are friendly and make great drinks  I recently went here for dinner and a drink before a Pirates game.  Both were excellent!"  its one of my favorite cheeses for salad topping!  Service was great here and even though I didn't have a drink here that night I have a previous time and they are yummy!  Love this place and can't wait for my next visit!"  nevertheless.    My husband ordered the Carribean Jerk Chicken Sandwich with a side of broccoli instead of fries.   HE LOVED EVERY BITE.   He was hesitant to even let me have a taste he wanted it all to himself.     Our waitress was so kind and welcoming.   Overall I am not from around the area and was just in town visiting. I would go back Owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal.  or a date.  This is one of my favorite downtown lunch spots!"  just stick to the tried and true. I had a chicken sandwich and I got to the center for an unpleasant surprise: pink meat. Yuck! Aside from that I tried the steak salad which was a major disappointment since the meat was gristly and tough. Overall stop in for your favorite wrap and a special flavored martini "A beautiful little bar with an exciting ""martini"" list - do step outside your comfort zone and try one of the crafted drinks." Food was really good.  Service was very good.  I'd recommend making a reservation.  We didn't and had to leave earlier than we wanted to.  and there were only 2 or 3 full tables in the ""dining room"". The crowd was full of 40 somethings and there was a cover band  mashed potatoes.  A colleague ordered the pesto pasta dish which looked delicious.  We didn't order drinks but in past visits they have a really nice variety of beer and I tried the Banana Bread beer (available in bottles) which is so tasty!! My only complaint was that it took a while for the waitress to take our orders and bring out the checks but it was very crowded with large parties. We stayed at our table after dinner to finish up some work and they did not mind which was great!" My happy hour hot spot! My friends are addicted to the buffalo chicken dip. Drink specials and great food selection.  the blackened salmon and the steak salad. All the food was fabulous. I ordered the tiramisu martini and had to have a second one it was so good. Finally "This place was pretty good for a Friday night out. My husband and I shared a calamari appetizer that was really great. We were both a little disappointed with our main courses - tuna and salmon. Cocktails were good and strong Love olive or twist. Chill atmosphere. Great drinks! "This place is pretty good. The buffalo chicken spread and the jerked salmon are awesome. The service is always good especially at the bar. They have an upstairs lounge that is open for happy hour during the week. If you are looking to grab a few drinks after work with friends  super tasty. I could snack on the candied walnuts all day. Then the buffalo chicken spread. Presentation was great-in a martini glass. The pita chips were delic! But where was the chicken? I searched through the entire martini glass "Truffle fries to die for & unique delicious cocktails w friendly staff to boot! They could use a door curtain to keep the cold chill out as it floods the bar area every time someone enters or exits but a nice My favorite bar in town love the live music and the martinis - fave is the strawberry shortcake!  I am feening for it. LOL.  I had the cake batter martini and the chocolate covered pretzel.  Sooo good! They got really creative here with the martinis and the presentation.  Definitely 5 stars for the martini bar :)  Will go back to taste the rest!" "We went here for drinks and a bite before a concert at nearby Byham theater. We had wings and a piece of cookies and cream cake. Both were outstanding. We both had the Fat Gary's Ale  avoid this place. When one of your co-workers suggests a work happy hour I really like this bar . When we first went in there was no room at the downstairs bar so we went up to the very pretty bar that was not crowded at all. They had the same happy hour prices and  the service was great..  friendly service! ... and did I mention happy hour?"  but I have to say that I really enjoyed my time. Only planning to get 1 drink I ended up getting 3 drinks. I loved the inside of the bar and my waitress was incredibly nice and pleasant to deal with. The drinks were very good and reasonably priced. All in all I will definitely be back!"  it was pretty delicious. I will be going back!"  get a drink off the menu - well worth the price and yuuuuuumy taste!"  if you want to feel transported from Pittsburgh and imagine yourself in a hip little bar restaurant in a more trendy city We arrived here before a show across the street and also had a groupon to accommodate. It took a little longer to be seated than we had anticipated but the wait staff was so accommodating and made sure to make recommendations on how long we had to eat. Fianc and I both went for the crab cake sandwiches and they were delicious. We also couldn't get enough of the fries! We even made it out of there with just a little time to spare when we thought for sure we would end up being late. I really cannot say enough about our wonderful waiter and it is very sad that I can't seem to remember his name as it has been so long since we've been."  very disappointed.  I wanted to love Olive or Twist because I really enjoyed the time I had visited for a drink  but not until around 7 so we had time to enjoy ourselves. I got the jerk chicken sandwich on the recommendation of the server and I have to tell you it was delicious!! The chicken wasn't too dry and the jerk seasonings were perfect. I also got the sweet potato fries for a side and they were very good. I wish they were a little more crispy  during the Three Rivers Art Fest. We were secluded in the upstairs area. I loved the atmosphere (very classy)  and the martinis (very unique and tasty). We dropped serious money on the drinks. We had a coupon from Foursquare for a free appetizer. I ordered the truffle fries Don't go here for anything but the walls and music." "So I decided to surprise my fianc one night by taking her here(because we've been talking about doing so for a while). We both got martinis and the nachos and buffalo spread apps. The martinis were just ok "This place is good for drink before and after shows. I always wanted to try their food This is my second time coming and I still love it and especially the Buffalo chicken spread! The atmosphere is a little dark for lunch time but over all it was a good experience.The service was also great.  which was so sweet I had to send it back. The food was mediocre. I ordered the burger medium and it was over cooked to nearly well done. And then there was the cheesy lounge singer who sang a mishmosh of singer songwriter tunes from the 80s. The music was so loud and so bad that my friends I left and headed down the street to Butcher and the Rye." Good drinks (I had the guava margarita and the peach martini) and great music selection. I didn't eat - but I plan on going back soon to try the food!  strong martini. I ordered the ""Perfect Pear"" martini recently and it was very strong tasting compared to the other time I had it. You get your money's worth of alcohol in their martinis for sure! This definitely is not a place where you get a watered down drink. The place is dimly lit and the walls are dark Maybe I will return for a drink or two one day."  but we were the only people in the bar area by 8:00.  Hopefully it was just a fluke because I liked Olive or Twist!" My family and I went to Olive or Twist before a Pirate Game. The food was delicious! I had the crab cake sandwich. The happy hour specials were also a plus. I had a cake batter martini which was tasty! The location is also convenient for anyone going to a game. We walked over Roberto Clemente bridge and were right there. We will definitely be going back! Great work Olive or Twist! We came here for drinks on a Friday night. They had a few good scotchs to select from and the upstairs had a nice crowd which wasn't too packed. Everyone cleared out by about 12:30 am.  but the food quality has definitely taken a downward turn over the past year. I was recently at the bar and was overcome by a foul smell. For those of you that know what Urnex is Your best bet is to head there after work for the martinis and then head around the corner to Six Penn for food."  we ended our night outside as they have a few tables and chairs. This is always the best because sometimes it's nice to escape the madness of a bar Love this place!!! The drinks are good and the location is perfect! Avoid whenever there are major events downtown though can get pretty wild  love the atmosphere and especially love the martinis!" Jesse from Bob Evans down the road is far superior to the condescending server here. We highly recommend Jesse."  loved their drinks. The waitresses were very accommodating and didn't hesitant when we asked them to split a check multiple ways. The crowd at Olive and Twist P. S. They also had an upstairs not sure what was going on up there. Thinking maybe it was a restaurant cause kids were going up with adults." 3hMP1xJ1egtG913C_fXgDQ  and then even longer to order. The drinks came up to us separately and it took a long time to make each. Despite the wait This is not our first time stopping at Olive or twist and it will not be our last!"  once I can convince my friends to stop by for a drink.  I'd love to check out the happy hour  I went with an Espresso Manhattan Martini.  This was defreakinlishious... I love coffee and I love manhattans so the two went together like peas and carrots.  Our service was mixed.  Some bartenders seemed more helpful and interested in waiting on us than others.  This was also my experience from last time.  This time we didn't order food though we were pretty hungry and went elsewhere to eat.  Our last meal here was not worth duplicating.  We both had an Olive or Twist Burger  so take this with the proverbial grain of salt. This is the my bar of choice when I'm in town and going out with my Yinzer colleagues for after-work libations. They have good happy hour specials Great food and tasty cocktails! And if you're out and about later in the evening it's a great atmosphere that's not your average loud bar. The crab cake sandwich was DELICIOUS!  but I wish the cocktails were made using fresher ingredients."  a fun place to go and delicious drinks!!" Great appetizers in the heart of the Cultural District! I was sad that we barely missed the 4PM-6PM Happy Hour (Monday-Thursday)  a bartender with brown hair and boobs hanging out came over and very rudely asked ""ugh are you all on separate checks?"" We shook off that comment and told her we were waiting until 4 to order since that's when happy hour started and she said ""ok a cocktail waitress can take care of u then"" and walked away. Other than her rudeness  dessert. The dessert xango was omg great! The wings here were pretty tasty but their scallop dish could have used more flavor. We came here on a Wed night and it was hella crowded. I made a reservation and we still had to wait 20 minutes for our spot! The space is tiny  is that I think the serving portions are a little less than what we here in America have grown accustomed to. Most restaurants serve you much more food than you really should consume and that's one of the reasons why we here in America have more of an obesity issue than other nations."  the fried calamari and their version of a caprese salad. Food was really great - calamari came out hot and crispy with a spicy dipping sauce and the caprese salad was very fresh with a drizzle of balsamic and a fregula couscous salad underneath tossed in the the same dressing. Very good! I would like to come back here to check out some more of their menu." I'm not sure I'd want to come here for dinner. But I would absolutely come here for lunch again. Especially since we didn't have room for dessert  once we got it. I tipped the server generously The appetizer part of the menu was good and priced right so I'd come back and just try something else next time."  stop by this fine establishment. You'll have a great time." Great place. The drinks were good. But the band sucks. I didn't order any food so I'm not able to comment on that... however I can tell you that the bartender was friendly and that the place has a nice calming atmosphere.... besides the crappy music I have no complaints. Have loved every martini I've tried! I especially loved the caramel apple in the Fall! Great spot for happy hour with friends! All in all it was an interesting restaurant and definitely a good place for a drink or two if your downtown in the area." Not a fan of the service. Or I should say lack of. It literally killed me to leave a tip. No one deserves it. And I once tipped a server that never even waited on me before she left for the day. I overtip EVERYBODY and today it was all I could do to leave 20%. "I had the Pork Belly sandwich with sweet potato fries  and he was very kind about the misunderstanding. We wound up going with several glasses of the cabernet on special as well as two appetizers and two martinis to wash it all down with. Everything was delicious. The calamari was a little cloyingly sweet for me (I would have strongly preferred more crunch and spice) but the rare ahi tuna app was savory with an interesting texture and very much to my liking! I was able to use a recently purchased Yelp voucher for $20 Beautiful night on the patio enjoying a crab pesto pizza.  Crispy crust and delicious. My companion had the chicken and artichoke pizza which she enjoyed.  Service is very good.  I have the Lemon Ice martini which is very good as well.  A great experience overall.  excellent.  Steak sandwich and salad was very good. 2x IPA Strongbow made my palate complete.  Bartenders attentive too..Well done."  can't go wrong with those on it. The drink menu didn't seem to have prices for the martinis on it but we assumed they would be expensive so didn't get one  I purchased a Groupon. The seating is very limited so reservations on a Friday or Saturday night are a must. The menu is very limited with only about 5 or 6 entrees not including sandwiches and wraps that are offered.  So check out the menu online to make sure you find something you like. It is very noisy due to the small seating area  but you get what you pay for and I'm willing to occasionally shell out the extra dough for a good meal with awesome service." Love their Martinis! The birthday cake martini is my fav. It's a good place to go after work to hang out for a few hours. Like the upstairs vibe more.  you have found the perfect place for a bad combination. Upon entering the door at 3:40 pm the hostess said to us (my daughter and I)"" We can seat you if you promise to leave by 6pm""  we would come during happy hour.  I feel like getting drinks and an appetizer slightly cheaper during happy hour would be the way to enjoy Olive or Twist the most." Probably one of the best martini bars anywhere in the area. I've been here numerous times and have always enjoyed it here. Drinks are amazing and you get a good buzz off of just one martini. Very generous pours here. Can be pricey if you have a few though. If you are a female group be prepared to be ignored by the male bartenders.  Stood patiently to get waited at the bar upstairs a male customer came up and he quickly served he pointed out to the bartender we had been standing there and he just looked at him like so what.  Guess the men at olive or Twist only like men. I may stop back in for a nightcap after tonight's Pirates game!" Literally the best meal I've ever eaten great salads w homemade croutons and dressings that are to die for. Tried 3 different martinis all were good but the cookie dough martini is flawless hands down best martini ibe ever had and we love martinis!! The lobster Mac and cheese was perfect along w our service! I'd give it ten stars if I could "I had mixed feelings coming here on a Monday night for dinner after hearing about a really bad experience a friend of mine had not too long ago. We had a groupon that my girlfriend had purchased and we had to use it because it was expiring that week. The place was a bit crowded nothing outrageous that would make us want to go somewhere else My husband and I waited until after 10pm to come here because it was busy for a private event! I had my eyes set on the short ribs which is basically roast!!!!!! Yes roast! Enough said not impressed not happy and being we came up from Syracuse we obviously will never return! $70 bill and it wasn't good at all!!!!! Really like the fact that they can make a mean martini and the romantic decor. If I am ever in the neighborhood I will more than likely hit this place up again!" A really fun and different place to go either for food or just drinks or both!" Great martins! Placed is decorated nicely and is appealing.....but quite noisy. Food was delicious! We are so happy we decided on Olive or Twist for our wedding and would do it again in a heartbeat."  and we were a bit underwhelmed.  I luckily decided to give it another chance.  My mom and I dined here before seeing a show.  We arrived at 6:20 on a Friday and luckily made it in time for happy hour  and this place has it. The food and drinks have been great every time we've stopped by. It can be tough finding a seat during the busy times ie: before and after games and shows  but good service and good drinks. May stop back again." The service was exceptional -- our waitress did a wonderful job and we particularly enjoyed the quiet atmosphere. We did go on a Monday night when I'm sure it was much slower than usual "Love this place! Used to come here a lot when I was in college for apps and drinks before Benedum & Heinz Hall shows. Rather small dining area- you have to make a reservation or get here a little early on those show nights. The sticky wings & buffalo chicken dip w  chips are the best! Also loved the chicken Caesar salad ... Never got it myself but this place is also known for the Martini Sampler during Happy Hours... You'll see many a patron grabbing this fun drink adventure! Check this place out next time you want a modern Luckily an establishment in the area heard our issue and was SYMPATHETIC and worked with us to resolve our issue.  I will never set foot in that place again or spend a single cent there ever."  turkey and other goodies with a side of fresh fruit and my mom had the chicken sandwich with snap peas. We both loved our sandwiches. Mine was spicy but not overwhelming and just packed with fresh and delicious flavors. The fruit was fresh too and super tasty. My mom loved her sandwich and her snap peas were cooked and seasoned perfectly. To top it all off our server was incredibly attentive to our table and very friendly. I look forward to returning!" Olive or Twist is good for a cocktail  Salmon sadly overlooked to the point that I am about to send everything back. The quality of the wine and the sympathetic waitress were the only aspects keeping me from fleeing me seat. In short OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw I stopped in for an happy hour drink. This place was jammed pack no seating at the downstairs bar so I proceeded to the upstairs bar lounge area. The upstairs has a bar and some couch seating areas that apparently u can reserve.... I ordered the chocolate covered pretzel martini which was very good. It took awhile for it to arrive but it was good. We ordered nachos as an appetizer and was very disappointed. They failed to put the salsa on them. Which I wasn't going to send them back because it took way to long for us to receive them. If you had a long day at work and want to sit at the bar and have a drink I would advise to get there super early or you'll be waiting for a seat and drinks.  appropriately mature atmosphere and an attentive staff. Same order but different outcome I am please to say. The bed of greens was fresh and properly dressed and the salmon was done well and seasoned better than my prior visit. Perhaps it was an Ash Wednesday rush on salmon the last visit or a different cook  and nothing of consequence to dislike. We will be back  very pleasant experience right before going to the cabaret. Would love to go back sometime to try more of their drinks and food!" "I loved the upstairs lounge. It got a bit noisy but otherwise this is my kind of place. Open space Perfect for a happy hour or food before a show.  We even met our friends upstairs the night before our wedding.  There is plenty of space upstairs to mingle." Delicious Martini's! Trendy Ambiance OxIeMVcop5oxBUWANi-1Rw "The food is amazing! Everything we ordered was delightful. Definitely a twist on even the most simple things. Cooked to perfect This place had a really cool feeling to it! We went on a Saturday night and made reservations about 2 wks in advance. The food was all around pretty good but it was definitely tight. You will probably get a elbow or a butt hit you at least once :)  I would totally recommend this to friends looking for a good meal or for a decent happy hour spot!!!" This place has become a usual spot for date night and before events and games. Mainly come for the drinks. The Moscow mules ( my go-to drink) is  made perfectly here with different seasonal options. Apple cider mule is definitely worth going back for in the fall. Bartenders know their stuff and tweak drinks for your preferences. The special martinis never disappoint. I always seem to stick to the pear and rosemary. The food is pretty good. Even better because they often have groupons or deals running. The draft selections were typical with a few rare finds. The best part was the purse hooks under the bar for the ladies. I would give another star but I did not try the food." Tried to order  one of the 5 dinner specials...the lobster mac and cheese and they were out (at only 7 pm... prime time dinner hr).... so I ordered the peppered salmon with mango salsa.... they brought me my meal but with no mango salsa.... just the salmon...all by itself.  I asked the waitress... didn't this come with the mango salsa topping?  She said oh yea it does... but we ran out that's why they didn't put it on..... needless to say.. it would be tough to eat peppered salmon with no salsa or sauce at all to offset the pepper.    I wasn't sure what to do at this point...so she said do you want some other sauce or something?  We asked her to check with the chef as to what he she suggests.  5 min later she comes out and says they r going to make a new batch of mango salsa....I think to myself... I thought you were out and now they are making it?  Why didn't they do that in the first place.  They left my plate in front of me and 10 mins later they come out with a small bowl of salsa... by this time the rest of my table were done with their food...the meal was good with the salsa... but by now I was eating with everyone else done and my food was luke warm.  For a $20 meal at a  high end restaurant. ..This was quite a disappointment. Boy do I miss Primate Bros.  I remember going there when the packing district was coming alive at 3 and 4 a.m.  We were coming back from a night of being out 'n about with friends (this was in high school college summers in the mid-70's).  We would order wild concoction in sandwiches with french fries IN them.  I liked the place so much I bought and wore proudly one of their T-shirts...but alas...left it with a native friend (she also liked it alot) in Koh Samui Thailand. Couple this with a 23 oz. beer for $2.50 and what more could you ask for. Actually only minus 1 2 star because of their chili The staff was very good. The food came quick. Best of all. It had no kick back later or the next day."  you have got to swing by here. Get the pastrami or roast beef and do not ask for the slaw or fries on the side. It's all on there for a purpose and it is a gloriously messy sandwich." A drooling place. Period." Wash it down with an Iron City." Hot Pastrami + cheese + tomatoes + onion + cole slaw + french fries on thick crusty bread = One TallBadAssGreasyMuthaFukinGood Sandwich... :D  but the kids are real. But why do they all have beards (beers)? It's Pittsburgh "Hey a sandwich with the fries and slaw inside served on a wax paper sheet and tasty (maybe a little bland  but I'm giving it back. I probably won't be back ever again." p.s. You can get it topped with a fried egg! I didn't see that on the menu until I was leaving! doh! next time!" Downside: It was packed during lunch and my buddies and I were crammed in. If you have a disability it will be hard to maneuver during peak times."  the Oakland location does have a pretty sweet deal for after 10pm  things took a turn for the worse when the famous sandwiches came out.  Two of us had the turkey and one had the colossal fish.  I thought the turkey was slimy and tasted weird.  The fries added almost no flavor to the sandwich  and even a mid-day snack.  I love the fact that this place is always jammed full of people.  Their food is well worth the wait and the effort it takes to tackle a table before someone else does.  The murals on the wall never get old its a great place to come after you've finished your shopping in the strip."  the Hot Sausage and Cheese sandwich I ordered was netiher hot nor spicy.  The fries were average but the coleslaw  in the sandwich was crunchy and delicious.  If the meat was more tasty The sandwiches here are massive.  Whatever you order winds up between two pieces of bread which seems both wrong and logical.  Regardless it is a mighty fine sandwich.  I wish I could get one right now... "This place is lengendary so naturally as a tourist - I had to go. I can sum it up in one word YUM!! Staff was friendly as we sat at the bar and watched the cook in action. I have never had a sandwich quite like that with a coleslaw like substance and fries on it  except I'll have to book more trips to Pittsburgh to eat here again! Definitely a good way to gear up for or finish a night of drinking. The cooks were hilarious and only added to the post debauchery atmosphere. The fries and slaw on the sandwich are something I will absolutely have again. Go. Do it. If you can." I'll be back if I'm ever in Pittsburgh again." "A Pittsburgh classic :) I can't say it's my favorite food Only visit the Strip District location for the full effect.  The other locations pale in comparison."  do not pronounce the ""t"" in Primanti.  It really irks native Pittsburghers.  It's pronounced ""Primanny.""  Unfortunately Now I just have to try all the locations and figure out which one is the best of the best."  the meat quantity is so small that it's a sidekick to the coleslaw and fries. I really liked the overall flavor. I just wished the meat  it's not too spicy.  He also ordered a beer from the tap served in the biggest beer glasses I've ever seen.  If you're visiting Pittsburgh  what a deal!). After I placed my order I waited by the bar and unfortunately it was when the death of Steve Mcnair started to air :-(. The bar quickly filled up after I placed my order. The sandwiches took a little while to prepare and not as quick as I've heard they are. I got my order and in my usual fashion I checked it. No chicken finger and fries....bummer. I go back to the cashier bartender cook and asked her for my order who asks the cook where it is and he shrugs like ""I dunno"" so  "The food was just OK. Soggy french fries on a greasy cheese steak pattie.  The service was awful  french fries and other condiments. this place is a staple in the area so i knew that i should visit the location. they have a special pburger sandwich which i guess is their most popular sandwich. they have cheap beer also. depending on what time you go here the surrounding area is either dead or filled with a lunchtime crowd. i suggest going during the day when there are more people around. at night time some shady people come out." Update.  Went to a different location.  Non-smoking location.  Got pastrami this time instead of the bland sausage.  Added a fried egg to the sandwich as well.  I forgot how huge this thing was.  I could only eat half.  I am now a fan of Primanti's.  both sandwiches were quite tasty and with the fries on top... yummy.  Would definitely come back here next time I'm coming through Pittsburgh I was truly shocked. That was the worst meat that I have seen since Junior High School. We would have been much better off at Burger King. Luckily we had a nice lunch at Salim's to wash the taste of this junk of our mouths." Please...never come here." My only complaint about this particular primanti bros in market square is the people that it generates. Anywhere from hookers to crackheads. I have been in there several times and atleast 4 or 5 times I watched someone get kicked out for doing something illegal. My advice is  any Primanti Brothers location will fill u up with one of the most unique sandwiches in the nation. Highly recommend the new Black Angus sandwich over the traditional ""No 2 Best Seller"" ... or go with Capicola and Egg. Both delicious!"  but I wish the primanti's goons would put a little bit more effort into their sandwiches. seriously guys -- take some pride in your work and make something good for once. and check the thermostat on your fryolator already!" "I am from Pittsburgh and this is just the burgh wrapped in wax paper.  It is always delish and something you need to do when you visit the town.  John Stewart "well you gotta give this place a star for its originality. coleslow and fries in your sandwich.. sound good? its actually pretty intresting. the coleslaw isn't creamy its a big vinegry One of the best places to eat in the Steel City. A real classic. Home of the stuffed sandwich often imitated but never duplicated.  I wish they had one in Chicago. I was in pittsburgh for a week and thinking like true pittsburghers we thought we'd come here for a late night snack and what a snack it was definately a tasty sandwich different from what i've had .  the place itself wasn't much it kind of looked like an old bar but that's ok anyway it was pretty cheap you should go I could go for a sandwich right now actually yum! DEFINITELY visit Primantis if you're in Pittsburgh!" I would give this place another shot if I'm ever in town again  I'd definitely try the cheesesteak or the Capicola sandwich. OOH or the ragin cajun chicken sandwich.. MMMM...." "Primanti Bros. is a traditional Pittsburgh meal.  It consists of a sandwich that is stacked high with fries and coleslaw  the sandwiches seemed to taste better there for some reason. i ordered the corned beef one and hubs ordered capicola (with egg).  i know people have eaten there and thought that the sandwiches were just ok (so i shouldn't hype it up). it's possible that my taste buds are just being biased and sentimental because it's a pittsburgh thing. but the fact that my husband who's not from pittsburgh loves it should definitely say a lot." I went here a couple of years ago and wasn't wowed by the sandwich. I think I was more taken back by the sweet slaw and french fries my sandwich than the bread or large portion of meat. Now that I'll be back in Pitt tomorrow I'm looking forward to trying another sandwich. I guess the sandwiches are pretty good now that I remember. If your in the Pittsburgh area you'd be a fool not to stop in at one of the Primanti Bros. locations and try one of there amazing sandwiches.  My favorite is either the Pastrami and cheese or the hot sausage sandwich but everything here is good. I live in boston and am used to paying twice as much for sandwiches which are no where near as good in quality and size." Maybe I ordered the wrong thing and maybe they were all just having a bad day... Who knows." "i was here for work and ordred the #2  The cheesesteak was nice and square and stuff.  Hmm not sure if that's a good thing?  The combination of coleslaw and fries plus that really nice thick spongy bread was pretty good.  I would actually say this would be more like a 4 star sandwich but I have a deep seeded hatred for the Steelers so yeah whatever.  I'd like to see a sandwich superbowl  and friendly staff I give this place 3 stars  who naturally failed to beat a mediocre Pirates squad.  But the food was good i love coming to pittsburgh solely for these sandwiches.  get a different one each time but they are to die for.  my new favorite is the capicola and egg.  i mean anything with fries and coleslaw on it can't be beat.  easily the best cole slaw i've ever had as well.  not overly friendly and didn't seem to be too happy to be there. We ordered our sandwiches - I got the Rajun Cajun because I had a Philly Cheesesteak the day before and was trying to cut back on red meat. I kind of regretted it as the chicken was a bit dry. My coworkers had ordered  the pastrami and steak and made me wish I had. Not that the sandwich wasn't good - but red juicy meat would have been so much better.  The sandwich was massive - I got a huge piece of chicken breast with a crapload of coleslaw and fries on top.  My coworker did complain that he got very little pastrami meat on his.  Overall  only with reduced operating hours. (Their Strip District location is open 24 7.) I like the sandwiches. It seems Pittsburgh is the only place where I can find sandwiches stuffed with fries and coleslaw. It's a copious amount of food for not a lot of money and Primanti compares favorably in value to most other restaurants in the Pittsburgh downtown area. Only problem I can see is the restroom is a bit dingy and down a flight of stairs "The description of a Primanti Bros sandwich is tastier than the sandwich itself.  One of two dozen different meats topped with french fries and coleslaw;  I tried hot sausage.  The problem is that all that potato and cabbage mutes the flavor of the meat.  Expecting an extremely tasty sandwich So I guess if you want an authentic Pittsburgh experience then go here. But if you want actual decent food  Primanti Bros is a must!"  but I will say this after you have gone once you will never need to go back unless its late and you need something to soak up the alcohol." Very good experience in general." A Pittsburgh tradition like no other. Unhealthy food served on wax paper... Gotta have it twice a year!  a soppy mess from the oil on the bread and a chunk of coleslaw core inedible. My sons was no better. The waitress saw we had taken only one bite and asked if we wanted to take home. We both said 'no way.' She didn't flinch and didn't care. I don't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid. In Philly I am docking them a star because the service was less than desirable We stopped here on our way to a comedy show.  We ordered the steak sandwich.  We had been drooling over this sandwich since the first time we saw an article written about it. I am happy to say this sandwich was everything we had expected! The sandwich was so big we had to share.   The slaw was better than I expected (I am very picky about my slaw) and the fresh cut fries made the sandwich perfect!  but I'd say the overall quality of the sandwiches are just average otherwise." "As good as advertised.  The sandwiches are big with quality cuts of meat.  I thought the slaw was delicious too adding a little vinegary tang to the fries.  Great atmosphere and friendly wait staff  and I enjoyed the whole experience watching the NFL Hall of Fame induction ceremony on the flatscreens while eating."  fries and slaw! all the food groups in one delicious huge bite." "I came to Primanti Brothers after my roommate said Pittsburgh was known for it.  I read several reviews and went with the pastrami sandwich.  It was good.  Just the right amount of meat (I hate it when the meat overpowers the entire sandwich)  I didn't order it The Way It's Supposed To Be. Maybe if you're into cole slaw  the atmosphere was nice but I feel like the food just didn't live up to it's name." After sitting there and being ignored for 25 minutes we just left! "I'm with others here - not a lover of Primanti Bros.  Sandwiches are fine (I have ordered the turkey and cheese) but the service is horrible.  Rude I don't think I will ever go back again." I don't like coleslaw." A must when visiting PGH." I am still trying to figure out how to transport a few sandwiches back on the plane.....There is just something about Pittsburgh and their traditional comfort food!  I have addicted my husband. "Pretty good.  Not food network worthy.  I would be critical of the cleanliness of the restaurant at market square You get a huge sandwich that could be split between two people. Service was quick and attentive!" I might go back to check out the nightlife. I'll update my review then."  go do it to say you had a colossal sandwich and lived the ""Pittsburgh"" experience. Apart from that Overall service was great."  coleslaw and french fires. It was very messy to eat but it was so good. I only drawback to this place was the service. My waitress was not very friendly and she got my order mixed up with the table next to me. She didn't even apologize for the mix up. Other than that it was a great experience and I recommend anyone who is going to the steel city to get some Primanti Bros."  almost exactly one year later I had my 2nd Primanti Bros sandwich. This time I give it 5 stars. It's a great place. It's local  GIANT-sized sandwich and a real PGH experience  go here! If you just need your fill of a sandwich with more sides on it than you usually order in a regular sitting  you've gotta try this place. It gets on all the ""places to eat before you die"" lists for a reason."  but wouldn't hesitate to recommend.  Great tasting glutinous original sandwiches at decent prices The fries are just greasy enough to make the sandwich sinful! I'm not a big Cole slaw person but I can't resist a roast beef w egg at the closest Primanti Brothers!!!"  so maybe that's why i didn't like the sandwich as much. There was a little bit too much fries and coleslaw on it for me. The bread was outstanding though! I would still recommend going there for the experience!" "The original place in the Strip District is the best by far. Capicola & Cheese is my fav and though I'm not a fan of cole slaw  and the italian bread all came together in a really HUGE sandwhich that was really good for a few reasons.  Flavor  then super crowded and he got everybody out within twenty minutes. That's service." I would recommend trying Primanti's if you're in the area!"  like the area that it's in. Old school. Have to give it a try thou. World famous. I would give it a 3 and 1 2 stars." "I understand Primanti is a historic institution here in Pittsburgh but other than the name I don't think it has much going on unless you're in the mood for quantity versus quality. I got reeled into my experience because everyone said to try it when I moved here. Really simple menu as you just choose the meat you'd like in your sandwich. I went with pastrami which was good but the combination of the cole slaw  let me recommend Langers (look it up). The place is a landmark in Los Angeles and their pastrami and corned beef is absolutely second-to-none. In a fight  and tradition makes this place pretty unique "Was in town for the day and took an order to go.  The roast beef & cheese sanwich w  an egg was awesome!  I don't like coleslaw We ended up going there twice (Pittsburgh downtown restaurants are strangely closed on sunday mornings) I would say overall verdict: try the place but try with an open mind." The classic pastrami is too good! Crisped edges and stacked with vinegary slaw and crisp homey fries!  Lived up to the hype! Trip was worth it." P.S.: I got a pen that says Primanti Bros on it. Yeah. Be jealous." Classic Pittsburgh Primanti's. Great place to watch a game and get a bite to eat.  in a sandwich... but it works. def something to try if when you're out there."  but I had a pastrami sandwich and I thought it was quite bland. The only flavors were vinegar and pepper. It was better with hot sauce the Primanti Bros sammich was everything I expected it to be...and I inhaled it!  That's all I'll say. I wish I had realized they were serving these at the Pirates Park.  I saw no food of interest and only had beer... not even yuengling NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ Be warned that everything here comes with french fries Primantis sucks...go to Fatheads on the Southside or Uncle Sam's in Oakland."  if you are a local come for the nostalgic name." This is a must stop in Pitt just as everyone knows and tells you so do yourself a favor and listen to them!" "I realize it's a sandwich shop and I dared to order a salad - but their menu is limited - so why put something on it if you're not going to do it right? Ordered a grilled chicken salad  that was on point. I'm not sure if I should have put Ketchup on my sandwich or what the hell to do with the heap of potatoes in the sandwich? I really can't wait for a rematch with this place  for their sake) probably had to wipe the messiness of his face. They had their heads down following in Bruce's large sweaty shadow walking out of the place Two complaints. The sandwiches are not as big as you would think. They are bigger than most deli-style sandwiches but not quite as colossal as I thought it would be. Also That's what you're getting here." great place for a good sandwich that is unique to Pittsburgh. Price is good beer was cold. A must if going to Pittsburgh. Not saying it is best food ever. Saying it is well worth the experience. Sorta like first philly cheesesteak.  cheap beer and sammies with fries and slaw on them -- the way they have been doing it since the 1930s.  Thats what the advertise and that's what they deliver -- every time.    Cap and cheese with a frosty IC Light -- heaven." "I love this place. Their sammies are awesome. I am not a coleslaw fan but like it and choose to eat it here. The pictures below describe it nicely. It's a sandwhich with coleslaw and french fries on it. It may not sound right but it's excellent. The service isn't the best but it's usually because they are verrrry busy. It's not your healthiest place but hey I think I need to learn my lesson and stop going there.  I would have given it 2 stars but it seems like such a Pittsburgh staple that I didn't have the heart to dock them any stars.  See  but they looked like pretty good prices.  The place was very crowded and you seat yourself.  We lucked up on an empty table I can definitely see why these sandwiches have the following that they do. I can see myself going back next time my travels take me to Pittsburgh." If you pass through Pittsburgh this place is a must visit. Their specialty sandwich is like no other. They're a little short on conversation but I guess that's part of the packaged deal. If I ever moved to Pittsburgh I'd move near one of their locations ; ) "The meat and cheese of your choice topped with slaw and fries is what I call a sandwich!  They are huge and delicious.  I couldn't eat these all the time They have TVs and bar seating as well in here. So it's a great place to go watch a sporting event with friends." Enjoyed the Cajun chicken sandwich. It includes fries and Cole slaw - both of which were good.  but since I almost fainted due to claustrophobia in the narrow stairwell on my way to the pissah  service is slow and you have to get up to get a drink refill from the cashier.  Yes it's unique having fries and cole slaw on your sandwiches "Loved the food! Heard about it on the Travel Channel and since I was in Pittsburgh for a conference I decided to go. Me and a friend went and we ordered two sandwiches: The Cajun Chicken Brest & Cheese and the Pastrami & Cheese. Both sandwiches came topped with lettuce "Primanti's is a Pittsburgh institution.  The original is in the strip district just outside of downtown proper.  They are famous for large sandwiches with the fries IN the sandwich Had the cheesesteak. It was ok. Nothing special. Like most ""fat sandwiches "I was raised in PGH and just love primanti's. Roast beef and cheese for me. The fries and slaw are what make the sandwich.  The best sandwich on the planet. It is not fancy but it is great. I just wish they would go national Their beer menus are totally standard types. They're cold and frothy and wash down the salt and grease perfectly."  I'm about to chow down on that Pittsburgh grease fest awaiting my attention." OK - I'll agree that everyone should experience a Primanti sandwich. But having experienced it  it took me almost ten years to get around to visiting this place Service was a little lame as I barely could understand our ""too cool"" server.  He seemed disinterested in us for the most part.  The pregnant waitress who helped us out once seemed more congenial and helpful.  I like the fact that it is small and fast.  I just don't get the vast appeal.  I need sauces  Southside comes up third in my book.  I haven't been to others.  If you're coming in from out of town though  Beer was cold on a hot day and my sandwich was satisfying.  What more could you really ask for from a sandwich joint?"  its definitely worth a stop... and with locations all over the Pittsburgh area "I've been to this particular location a few times and it's been great! The service was so-so but the times i've been it was always loaded "Fries were kind of bland and the coleslaw was just ok but the meat was very good. Overall The only bad part about coming to Pittsburgh and visiting Primanti Bros is that we had to go back home the next day!"  Primanti Brothers is a definite must try if you are passing through "This place isn't for a light lunch. Their famous sandwiches include a variety of grilled meats (the cheese steak its second-best seller) with french fries  great food in a nice little square for people watching."  they don't give you plates or forks or knives (they bring you your food on a sheet of wax paper). I'm not sure if they take credit cards (we paid with cash) "Stopped at the Market Square Primanti's this weekend after a Pirates game.  Salami sandwich was out of this world I really don't know what the hype is about.  I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant. NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ  but nothing special about it. I had the cheese fries (it was pretty much molten cheese with bits of fries in it) and the cheese steak sandwich.  It was definitely great to try but I didn't enjoy the mess and the sandwich was a bit bland. Great location to people watch The ambiance and food are very good. Been to other places before but this definitely beats all the other places hands down (other than the original one on the strip). Was there at night and the combo with IC Light Man can and Burger for under $10 that was a little unbelievable. This is not food for faint heart. They add generous portions of fries and cole slaw which are deliciously dripping as you savor them.  add egg. When did she miss the ""no tomato""? I got my sammich (eventually) and there was the tomato. I immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again MIA. She just disappeared again. I waited as long as I could but she never came back. I finally carried the sloppy tomato seed-covered bread back into the restaurant myself and told the cook I needed a new piece of bread. He gave it to me with a funny look  very bad overall. The should have a manager on duty. I wont be back. thanks"  greasy but delicious and with the fries and slaw are on the sandwich! which was strange! It was not easy to eat it  but do remember ordering two sandwiches only to come back 4 hours later to order another.  i do remember the monstrosity of the sandwich w o skimping out on the meats and w  a good ratio of meats So there you have it.  I do feel like a giant weight has been lifted off of my shoulders.  I no longer have to carry around my terrible  were not that good. It was all french fries and very little meat.  My husband and I were almost mad at how little meat was on the sandwiches.  We won't be going back but at least we experienced it." "So this is a Pittsburgh instiitution??  Am so underwhelmed.  After waiting more than 20 minutes for our sandwiches (in the end these are still just sandwiches) I hit the Primanti Brothers Market Square location to see if the sandwich lives up to the legend and it does. The shop offers a wide array of versions from beef to fish but the grilled steak has rich flavor that is nicely cut by the slightly vinegary Cole slaw. The addition of the fries and Cole slaw on top of the sandwich will make any of the offerings at Primanti a delicious and unique flavor of Pittsburgh. I love primanti's but this local is less consistent than the strip. Need more fries on sandwiches. Generally packed during lunch. "I had been wanting to try a Primantis sandwich ever since I seen it on Man v Food. Went to Pittsburgh for a weekend trip to the zoo and aquarium so we had to stop!  Had a ragin' cajun chicken sandwich. It was great! Normally I hate coleslaw but this was something different. Not your normal mayonnaise-y coleslaw  but I definitely will skip next time I'm in town."  but take your money elsewhere and buy good-tasting food instead of kitsch."  and if you're a snobby chick that refuses to eat like a man then don't even bother visiting. This place is seriously cool and it's featured on the Food Network  then it makes absolutely no sense to come here at all. You're here for the most unhealthy and delicious sandwich you'll ever have  so it was a must try while I was in Pittsburgh. I was not disappoint. I would come back the next time I am in Pittsburgh."  I was not disappoint after eating their #2 almost famous pittsburger.  Next time "There was basically no cheese on my ""cheese combo sandwich"" "Boring sandwich. Period. I fell for the ""hype"" and while it was filling for $7 bucks I am glad to say that I experienced the famous Primanti Bros for myself Soooo...yeah skip. Their time is past...unless you are drunk..."  coslau. That's what they are know for but you can get it without all that stuff. Yes its a place for kids and yes they have TVs. I wouldn't really look at it as a bar. When you go there you must be really hungry. I would say you shouldn't have Attn in the last past 7 hours. i give pamanti bros a 5 thumbs up (IF I HAD FIVE THUMBS). Its also in walking distance from the steelers and the pirates Field."  but it's less diner and more bar than the Strip District Primanti. Overall "Easily the best sandwich I have ever ate. I can see why year after year this sandwich ranks tops in the country. I never had a sadnwich with cole slaw and french fries on it It's downtown near offices but doesn't seem to suit the after-work get together well. The food is still a decent value but that's about all it has going for it."  a Primanti Bros sandwich would be a wise choice." Locations other than this one in Market Square include the Strip  each sandwich is finished with fries. The place is classic and charming and goofy and a heart attack just smelling the fumes - but it's fun and unique and the food is quite good if you can avoid thinking about the health affects. The photos should do all the talking needed. At least I can check the box." Definitely a fan of all their sandwiches. Worth the drive from anywhere. And if you're a local and have never eaten here you don't know what you're missing. Definitely a lot of sandwich for the $.  A legendary Pittsburgh establishment through and through.  but it ended up being totally fine and a lot of fun). I had the standard Angus steak sandwich thing that comes with fries inside. Very good At first I didn't like this place. I tried a few sandwiches and liked the Pittsburgh classic idea more than the actual food. I was about to give up when I tried the roast beef. It's my sandwich every time I go now. I'll be back. "I loved my Pgh-style sandwich with cole slaw and fries in it. Wish I could have my sandwich like that everyday! The quality of the bread  giant sandwich I'd take the germs any day." Good beer and food was really good but the service was mediocre at best. But I love that I can here the game and not random music by Rihanna  this is the perfect place and you won't be disappointed. If you are a college student  where even on a busy night I managed to get food in a decent amount of time. I certainly will not be coming to the downtown location if I spot my previous  but I wouldn't go solo.  The blandness of the food is what kills it for me.  I would rather get a sandwich that is half the size with more flavor Great service very helpful...I had the guys pick the sandwich for me.  I got There best selling burger....it was a hamburger with fries in it.   Not a fan of the idea.  Overall kinda boring(Sorry) but it is what it is.  The meat tasted like meat which was a nice change but the toppings were just down right sad.  Fries where a  step up from the norm and for a price of under 7 bucks it sure beats any fast food chain."  a cheesesteak with a heaping helping of cole slaw and fries. A Pittsburgh institution "Good Sandwich and a Great location. The server was a helpful guy that gave good guidance on what to order! This is a Pittsburgh cornerstone restaurant that I've heard about for years and I knew I had to try. I've read some of the reviews and the complainers who have all these petty complaints about not enough cheese or the sandwich being messy...give me a break and just head back to your high maintenance arugula chutney  as it's hard to tell who's been waiting for a table and encourages you to hover over other diners to snag an elusive seat on a weekend night).  I loved my bologna sandwich The place itself is small and good for a group of four.  Eight if you don't mind sitting at two separate tables that are relatively close to each other."  but a bit of a touristic atmosphere.  I'm a stickler for the original in the strip!" "Years ago I saw Primanti Bros. on the food network while I lived in Ohio. I promised myself that when given the opportunity to try them I would.  I came on a lovely Friday afternoon so all the out door tables were taken. We came inside and sat at the bar. I ordered the bacon sandwich (bacon We checked of the ""Primanti Bros"" box I have eaten better sandwiches but stopping for lunch at Primanti Bros was an overall great experience. I sat inside at the bar where I was afforded a bird's eye view of the grill. You should expect to eat a sandwich with a handful of french fries and a handful of cole slaw smashed on top of whatever meat cheese combination you may have ordered. I would definitely recommend sitting at the bar to take in the full experience. "Don't go on trash night and sit outside  I was excited to try Pittsburgh's version.  I was sadly disappointed.  The fries were unseasoned "Can't go to Pittsburgh and not try one of their sandwiches! A bit overrated in my option though... Sandwiches are huge Sandwiches are great - all of them come with coleslaw and frenchfries (ON the sandwich).  They have a full bar at this location.   It was in the high 80's with high humidity so a Blue Moon went perfect with our meals." NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ it lived up to the hype! The Angus steak sandwich with cheese was phenomenal! I loved the sandwich with the fries and slaw in top ... Great stuff! Next time I am in Pittsburgh  I'll be back! French fries & slaw on sandwiches is the best thing since.....(dare I say it?)......sliced bread....." Choose wisely.  Go to Meat & Potatoes instead  so some folks who build the place up in their mind after seeing it 14 times on the food channel are bound to be disappointed.  But if you take it for what it really is...  Well  if you're on Market Square and are hungry for inexpensive (considering some of the other options there) and mediocare quick meal  he brought me a menu and then proceeded to ignore me for 10 minutes.  I walked again.  No more tries here.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong?  Haha."  its definitely worth a try."  but only because they are over stuffed with fries and cole slaw . To steal a line from a old TV commercial .... WERE'S THE BEEF .....  A major major dissapointment ." I appreciate that they're not aiming at  customers like me.  Big sloppy sandwiches are fun for a lot of people so I hate to be a party pooper "I was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed! Everything was bland  would I go back and eat a sandwich from there again? And the answer was "I can see why people come here....the prices are great and the sandwiches are huge....after the bf saw Primanti Bros on one of the food networks  and the internets sent me here.  Do not be intimidated to walk in this dump.  I went to the take out line and ordered a spicy sandwich something or another.  The bartenders are either overworked or just don't give a shit cause I waited for a while before ordering.  But stay strong While the food was good as always it wasn't worth the wait because it just took to long. The service wasn't nice at all and I wouldn't tell anybody to come here when it's crowded." First time ever in Pittsburg and had to have Primanti Bros. Sandwich was awesome! (Cheesesteak) and a tall Yuengling to go with. Perfection! In Pittsburgh it seems french fries are treated more like a condiment than a side. I'm not much of a sandwich fan but  Primanti's really does serve up a huge and filling sandwich for a decent price. Went to primantis while getting ready to enjoy the football fame the next day. We walked in and had no clue what to do or what to get. A gentleman yelled at us saying two seats at the bar. Thanked him and sat down. We sat long enough to take pictures. Ordered  two beers came back ordered our sandwiches. Yummy! Nice people behind the counter... "This place holds a nostalgic appeal for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. If that experience is what your looking for  so my suggestion is if you want a good Food and can wait an hour feel free and come here. If you don't have the time just go next door to the Subway." I stand by my decision: Pass."  whatever meat you'd like in between the famous mancinis bread. I love this location especially because of the hours. Living downtown it's hard to find places to eat late at night but the market Sqaure primantis is open till 12 o'clock 7 days a week. I've tried variations of the sandwich but my favorite so far is the pastrami. I went tonight and I'll be back again the near future." Their vegetable soup was great!  The people who work there are the best.  Amazing service."  but I'll take my chances. I suppose it helps that my doctor's office is 2  I got the deluxe double egg and cheese.  The portion was HUGE and very messy!  More messy than boogers coming out from a runny nose.  The sandwich I got was really good and filling.  I would recommend this place for visitors from afar and who happens to be in the neighborhood."  or they need to train their staff to be more polite and efficient. We will definitely not be coming back the next time we are in town. Our money is better spent else where."  and a small piece of overcooked fish all piled together. Warm yiengling and mediocre service.   Aweful" Super friendly staff. Got there in the morning before the lunch rush. He sandwich is huge and delicious. "Had such high hopes for this place on our visit to Pittsburgh.  The presentation of the sandwiches were making my mouth water With this I would absolutely recommend at least trying it once if you never have." Tastes better when watching a NY Giants game!"  and don't forget to pair it with a yuengling and a whole bunch of the cayenne pepper sauce.  also - make sure to say 'hi' to lefty!  he'll appreciate that."  I would definitely return because I want to try some of the other menu items.  I've heard double-meat is the way to go.  I'm intrigued."  Primanti's is definitely one of a kind.  I don't know of anywhere else you can get burly bartenders to slam down a mess of a sandwich in wax paper on your table (something the suburban restaurants fail to provide).  If you're going to go Worst service ever.  The waitress and I use that term loosely rolled her eyes at any question when ordering and yelled at someone at the table for asking for coleslaw on the side.  Then she had to come back and re ask the orders again and got mad when we repeated about the coleslaw since she didn't repeat it back.  When she brought out the food she just slammed the food down and just shouted out the name of one of the sandwiches um are you asking who had which sandwich which is your job to remember anyways.  I'm glad I don't live in Pittsburgh to have to worry about avoiding this place.  ended up being a weird patty almost like a meatloaf (not a burger). Not sure I'd order that again. Pastrami and cheese was still good. Wish the egg came a little runny." "Can I give this place ZERO stars? They're supposively ""famous"" for their sandwiches so some friends and I go when we are in town. The waitresses all rolled their eyes and glared at me for not wanting my fries on top of my sandwich. (Not to mention the waitress was in the skimpiest tank top with her bra hanging out while waiting on us and grilling food. Gross.) I get that your famous for having fries on the sandwich but regardless "This spot was the light of my life for about 3 solid weeks. From the first bite I could tell that parting ways with Pittsburgh would be heartbreaking. After driving out of pittsburgh and paying my friend for his leftover half a sandwich Just the same as always! Good and fun! The food shows bring in too many lookie lous that want to order some kind of foo foo salad though........  how can you screw up a salad? The chicken was tasteless and rubbery. Got it to go and the girl who took the order over the phone was rude and rushed and was equally rude when I picked it up. She assumed she knew my name and my order and handed me a random bag of food. I told her I was missing a sandwich and she tossed another bag at me without saying a word. I will NEVER go back to any of these locations. I'd rather eat a ham sandwich from Sheetz. At least I can get that without an attitude. If you have friends coming to visit from out of town NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ In Pittsburgh visiting Carnegie Mellon U and was told we had to come here. I ordered the local famous burger. Can't remember the name but it was really good. The bartender was cool and the atmosphere was dope too. Cool place. I'd spend my money there again. What a great place with great eats!  Awesome sandwiches - I had a taste of two sandwiches half a pastrami and a capicola and both were topped off by Coleslaw and French Fries. Which went down nicely with out Iron City beers! My motto: eat food you recognize." Okay so I will forever be a fan and will make this a stop every time I'm in PA! The service was laid back but attentive and that pastrami Sammie fully loaded was utter nirvana :) such a cool staple for Pittsburg and I can't wait to go back! Good place to have a sandwich. Outside tables were a nice place to sit and enjoy the city. Slaw was excellent!  lukewarm beef party with bland soggy fries on top. The cold lettuce and tomato cooled the sandwich even more. I enjoyed the coleslaw on top Market square location was confusing because seat yourself but wasn't clear."  sandwich comes in paper and the drinks are in paper cups but the sandwich's are awesome.  I first saw this restaurant on Man vs Food and it looked great  fries and tomato right on the sandwich made it totally unique. Oh and they also have a great craft beer selection."  it's something worth trying if you're new to Pittsburgh. But would I go back? Probably not."  and definitely nothing to write home about.  They did have some decent draft beer options but no one in my group of 10 said they would come back.  Try another ""local"" joint if you have an option."  at the Primanti's in Market Square. It took more than a half hour for my wife to get a cheese steak and the place wasn't even crowded. Missed the first inning of the Pirates game as a result. Boo!" "My friend and I stumbled in here during a road trip to Maryland.  I'm so glad we did.  I had never heard of the place before and we went there because the breakfast place around the corner hadn't even taken our drink order after 20 min of being seated. It was morning and there really wasn't much open in the area.  We weren't sure we wanted lunch food that early Highly disappointing. While sandwich is unique it was totally over cooked and under seasoned. No flavor  and the others in my party were a little disappointed.  I think they may have just made bad choices for their ""meat"" (kielbasa and the Pittsburgher)  burger tasted a lot like my morning star black bean burger that I get frozen.  Coleslaw was a lot better with the hot sauce I smothered on it.  The best part was by far the fries which weren't all that great.  I am glad that those were home made.  I picked all the bread off ate mostly the fries and was not very impressed.  The beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating.  I'm not a big foodie but I like my food taste better.  I still ate because I was hungry and it's not uneatable I always try to hit this location when I'm in town. Great staff menu is solid & a Pittsburgh tradition. Great food overall at all locations! Go to another location to eat though. The Market Square location has the most horrible service I've ever experienced. Horrible! "i guess if you are in Pittsburgh and you want to do Pittsburgh things you have to grab a Primanti Bros sandwich but it isn't that good of a sandwich. Pittsburgh is loaded with great places to eat.  you can certainly do better.  having said that  and was greeted by a gargantuan sandwich that I was to learn had both fries and cole slaw IN the sandwich.   Interesting!   Ultimately "This is my go-to place after a Pirate game to wait out the traffic. When it isn't busy the service is great and you can get a quick "I was recommended here by a friend as a place to cross off the Pittsburgh ""bucket list"". I ended up getting the Pittsburger - it met my expectations Absolutely horrible! Frozen meat patty with a dog food like taste and texture on the P'burgher. Seriously how does this place survive? Read Sarah F. review as it mirrored or experience at the strip district location. Will never return to any location!  but this place definitely made me feel at home. The portions are huge! My only regret is that I didn't try to split a meal w  my girlfriend." "Service was bad. Server walked away before we were done ordering and then when someone got her attention she had to return 5 minutes later to re clarify which it was wrong. We didn't see her for a good 20 minutes and had to go up to the bar for refills. She did take one of our cups to refill it  and I personally like it a lot on the sandwich itself. The fries were less excellent. I don't know if they would have been better on the side rather than on the sandwich A Pittsburgh staple! Highly recommend to out-of-towners & Pittsburghers alike. Add hot sauce! It's amazing! I wish they would put one in the Pittsburgh Airport! I had a cheeseburger and it was decent. I'm not a fan of coleslaw which made the burger a little dry after taking it off. I'll have to give something else a try the next time I am in town.  great concept putting the coleslaw and fries in the sandwich but it just tasted bland to me. I asked for them to toast the bread but they said they couldn't do it because it sticks to the grill... ""Can't put a piece of bread on the grill?"" Again  I left half my sandwich completely untouched on the table when I left." I had the famous Pitts-Burger and it was disgusting! The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because of the bread. The bread is super soft and tasty but the meat was gross and the cole slaw was bitter. I don't see what the hype is all about!  but I think that probably amazed the server as much as her server amazed us. All in all I was pleasantly surprised!  I went in with low expectations after seeing the so-so reviews and hearing from people that it's not all it's cracked up to be.  Got the steak sandwich with everything on it.  I ate most of it and wasn't even that hungry to begin with.  Definitely needed salt pepper and the hot sauce they had.  When you add potatoes to a sandwich it tends to make it taste bland unless you have a killer sauce.  The sandwich could feed most people for two meals and it's only $7..great value.  23 oz miller lite was only $4..also so cheap.  We enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching the head cook make quick work of 100+ sandwiches.  These people got the routine down pat.  I would definitely eat it again and appreciate the history of the place. "The restaurant did their level best to make it up to me That said I could see this as a post night out stop and would probably enjoy it a lot more."  now I know why people don't usually put french fries in their sandwiches. Sandwich comes out huge and kind of dry  when your choice was seeing the stories on their televisions about our enemy murdering defenseless journalists or some show about naked people living off the land...kind of stifles the appetite and not appropriate for even the most casual of dining!   I would have expected better from the hipsters running the joint." This was a fun sandwich as I was visiting Pittsburgh. It was neat to hear the origin that truck drivers just wanted their cole slaw & fries slapped in with the sandwich so they could eat it on the go. I appreciate the concept & it's worth a try but I don't need to come back. I liked fat heads more. Was in town on a baseball stadium tour and heard about this place from the locals.I enjoyed my sandwiches and was hooked with the special slaw added to the sandwiches.I was also in luck once we caught the pirates game I noticed they had primantis in the park so I ordered another sandwich. "The beer selection is limited to what you might find in convince store (in states where this is possible. Sandwiches are Pittsburgh landmarks though and the food is good but nothing truly special. Great place to hang with friends "customer service is always nice but dont you all think that this place is little over-rated? Their 'Almost Famous Sandwitches' need some hard work to get famous. Basically Now I have to be on a diet :-)" "We decided to stop by Primanti brothers after hearing all the hype from everyone. We were already primed with the fact that their sandwiches are stuffed with fries so we decided to just share one sandwich. And holy moley was it colossal (well we DID get the colossal fish and cheese). We ended up taking most of the fries out because it got too heavy and filling. The coleslaw in the sandwich was pretty good-- not a huge amount of mayo which is what I like. However "I go to Point Park so this Primanti's is a staple for me and my friends. We go here probably 4 or 5 times a semester - always in groups of at least 4 and often more. The food is so great it's hard to care about anything else. I usually get the capicola with an egg  and there are many of them now around Pittsburgh. You get exactly what you think you are getting Best thing i had in Pittsburgh. My food was hot and quick. The beer was cold and there  was plenty of it. I ate and watched the steelers game. Very nice staff. Definitely stop by again next time i am in town. "Great food and very filling. Definitely need to walk this meal off when finished. Turkey and cheese was delicious. Fish sandwich was ok When going seat yourself. Order some great grub and enjoy yourself. This is a Pittsburgh must." And it was quite warm in there."  my sandwich was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The service blew it for me. And I was so pumped too. Damn." "Service was excellent! There girls work together so well and is like a welcome committee to the city!! Parking was a bit tricky because of some construction in the square  definitely worth the visit-- and great service! Our waitress happened to be from Harrisburg ( that's where we are from!) so we shared some really great conversation!!" "I've tried it twice now because if you ever mention you're going to Pittsburgh the first thing you hear is ""Oh Man It also was super crowded." Wingharts has a burger with fries and cole slaw." The sandwich itself was really tasty and yummy and I could see why it is a Pittsburgh favorite. If we are ever in the area again  and a fistful of French fries layered right in. Come hungry!" "The fabled Primanti's sandwich has been a favorite of yinzers from time immemorial. Now that I live in Vegas  cold. -_- they make up for by pouring scalding hot cheese sauce all over to mask the cold fries. Well played my friend. it doesnt stop me from coming once every 2 months"  you know I'll be back  I always HAVE to get a cheesesteak if possible (when not in Philadelpha!) so getting one at Primanti's was an easy choice to make. Ive heard about this place from multiple people and heard only good things. I love how its a chain Went to this location a few weeks back to watch the national championship game. It was chill and relaxed atmosphere as there  wasn't many people there. The food was alright. I'm not a fan of the sandwiches just too much going on their but the chilli  was really good.  Also the bartender was friendly and checked on us often enough. I'd go back to this  locale.  I eat her usually twice a day when in the burg. The sandwichs are good but this is food steeped in tradition and represents the city well. A sandwich for the people  my friends and I dined at this location. I tried the Ragin Cajun Chicken Breast and Cheese sandwich which was well-worth the 6.99. It came with a moderate helping of coleslaw and tomatoes as well. It was really delicious and the meat was seasoned very well. Would definitely recommend to  people new or visiting the area as it is a unique restaurant among all the fast food and other common chains down the street. This restaurant (not sure which location) was also featured on Man v Food if that adds any incentive."  that is all on one sandwich.  It feels like a heart attack in a rectangular package but is simultaneously delicious.  I personally love the Angus black steak but the most popular version is definitely the cheesesteak This was after waiting 20+ minutes at the register with cash in hand. I understand it's busy- but acknowledge people - appreciate customers! When you tell us to F off- you ar going DOWN! Rude! Not worth it." The noodles are top notch but I hear the sandwichs are even better." "True Pittsburgh original! You can't go to pittsburgh without getting a ""sammich"" ! I love the fries here and the beer of course! Be ready to feel full! Great staff as well !"  look into it to know what it is and start calling the name of the sandwich out at the table.  I do not recommend this place. I should have gone to subway."  it would be 1 star. But the second start is pity for the party size"  we sat outside immediately on an 80deg day. Worth experiencing" "We were in Pittsburgh and decided to try this place since it comes so highly recommended. Neither I nor my husband understood the hype about this place. The sandwich didn't really have much flavor and I would have rather just had the fries on the side with some malt vinegar. It did the trick of filling me up  a hamburger patty served with a pile of slaw and fries on white bread (house made I suspect). It was a good sandwich Other than that the service was good so I gave it two stars."  she said it was beer. That's my type of place. I had seen this mentioned on several Food Network shows and since we were in town to watch the Cardinals vs the Bucs thought we'd give it a try. We've been there My first prim bros experience was at this location fresh baked Cibrones bread with HotSausage Prov fries and slaw good lord Prim Bros is a staple in Pittsburgh and if you can't make it to the Original in the Strip coming here will not disappoint! The staff to me could have done a better job because at first I was confused and no one seemed to be egar to help but other then that great must go! This place is Burgh famous for a reason. GIANT sandwiches are sure to fill you up. Try the Pittsburger! I like bread.  The sandwiches come with an awesome coleslaw and fresh cut fries in them.  I had the knotwurst sandwich and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Should have ordered the 23oz draft though.  My colleague could handle the size of the sandwich though - a lightweight!  We came for lunch and will go back! "First time in Pittsburgh and I was fairly disappointed in the ""coleslaw and fries in the sandwich"" bonanza. It may have been that my expectations were sky high due to the hype from the Food Network reviews and my friend raving about it being a must-have in town. The service was quick "The only thing this place has going for it is the local hype. The sandwiches lack flavor I know there is a lot of hype surrounding this place but I would recommend heading elsewhere." Pittsburgh staple. Got the Ragin' Cajun Chicken sandwich and a Victory Summer Luv to wash it down. Perfect alternative to paying the exuberant Arts Fest food prices. The sandwich was delicious and most filling. The Summer Luv is a yummy summer beer without being lemony or sweet or wheaty that complimented the Cajun Chicken nicely. So glad I elected to stick around town today after work.  adding fries to the burger is a win! It's simple and very good so I can see why our friends who had visited Pittsburgh all told us to try Primanti's. It's a staple in two and has a great history serving some really good food."  you may like the sandwich better than I.  The fries on the sandwich added no additional flavor. I've had much better sandwiches than this and all five of us left the restaurant wondering what all the fuss is about."  OH after hearing about it from some friends and also on Man versus Food.   The very high expectations we had were not met.  The entire staff were great and super friendly but the sandwiches themselves were a little disappointing.  Hate slaw but tried it with slaw anyway.  Scrapped that all off. Nothing special. We shared the corned beef and the salami.   The bread was fresh but so think between the bread and the fries with no salt it over powered the small amount of meet.  So sure it's a huge sandwich at a great price if you want bread with flavorless potatoes on it.  No need to go back but glad we finally tried it.   I do give the fried pickles a 5.  Probably some of the best i have had.  They saved this meal somewhat."  which made me wonder on how quick is was for us to get our food. I sampled other sandwiches that my family got & theirs were much better!! Capicola was on point! And so was the salami!" Ordered the black angus top sirloin steak and cheese for 7.99$ cause the people next to us recommended it however it was nothing special. Way too much coleslaw. Def split it and get ice cream for dessert somewhere else. Only good part was an outdoor concert going on just outside of it! We went because its a Pittsburgh tradition but I cannot say I loved it. It was a sandwich with undercooked fries. Definitely not my favorite.  but didn't taste gross.  All that was left were the cheese and the meats. They may have been the most disappointing because I thought that I could maybe at least enjoy that. Essentially In addition to the famous sandwiches the deep fried pub pickles are also yummy."  but was dying for a taste of Pittsburgh. It is still what I remember and enjoyed every bite. Always a great place for good simple food."  never had a sandwich with fries on it before.  Fried pickles were yummy!  Decent service too."  I got a turkey sandwich with the coleslaw and fries on it. Sounds interesting but the coleslaw was slightly bitter and I'm used to coleslaw being a little sweet. Too many fries on the sandwich. Trust me on this I wouldn't recommend this place. There is much better places right in market square." "The sandwiches seem like a neat idea because they're stuffed with Fries and coleslaw.  But that's about all you taste when you eat their sandwiches.  In reality there's very little meat  it's not worth the wait or the money!" "Saw this place featured on the travel channel and was looking forwarded to trying it.  Got here and the place had limited customers and were not busy "Our first day in town some colleagues of mine went here for dinner. They didn't have anything good to say. Finding that odd with all the Yelp reviews we tried it anyway after the Pirates game. It was about a 10-15 minute easy walk. My buddy and I ordered two sandwiches the capicola and pastrami. They were great! Service was decent It was a cool atmosphere and they had an outdoor seating area.  The staff was fun and energetic.  Great late night food after a night of drinking.  I would definately recommend this place to a friend."  nor do I care to do so. Other places simply cannot execute this meal with the skill and confidence of Primanti Bros." "Our server olia was very friendly throughout the madness of market square tonight.  The sandwiches were great  but the food (decent portions of fairly standard bar food) was only reasonably good." Good atmosphere especially if it's nice outside to sit and eat. The food is good and it's a staple here in Pittsburgh. Easy to pick from menu and very friendly service. Beer here is great too! "What?  This place was insane today!  Slinging the food like nobody's business!  So fun to watch and so busy today!  Only regret was sharing a sandwich with my dining partner and getting the small half!  Deliciously decadent Place was pretty good. First time in Pittsburgh over the past weekend. Chilli cheese fries were awesome! And the #2 best seller was ok I guess. It was good but I didn't love it. .. "It's good if you're in a pinch (or don't have cash) but do yourself a favor and hit-up the original location on 18th street. Seriously  but extremely inattentive. I'm going to go ahead and play my ""I Waited on Tables in High Volume Restaurants for Several Years"" card just so I can say that even during lunch rush "After much recommendation we stopped here for lunch while we were in Pittsburgh for a wedding the other day.  I had never been there before so I asked the waitress for recommendations and she had suggested the angus beef or pastrami.  I had turkey on my mind so I ordered the turkey sandwich and my husband had the angus beef.  When we got the sandwiches both of them were overstuffed with the meat  and fries. It was good but not as good as many try and make it out to be. Definitely different. I also had wings and beer and those items were great.  Also  bread but it is soft and easy to eat. I was surprised that that fries (which are on the sandwich) aren't soggy. I selected the beef. Only three stars because although it has fresh flavor it's very plain. No spices or fresh herbs makes it a very flat sandwich experience."  Pittsburgher cheese steak and corn beef and cheese!! Taste great!! Service was good  you should definitely try it. No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stop at Primanti Bros. There's not much else I can say that hasn't been said in 100 other reviews." The bathroom needs a deep clean but otherwise the place looked spotless." Crazy theory for a sandwich..Cole slaw & French Fries stacked on the sandwich?!? I figured why not... It was Awesome!  watched tv and let the lunch hour slip away with a corned beef and cheese. The staff were nice  for what it's worth... we heard from native Pittsburghers that this one in Market Square and the other one on The Strip are the only two you should go to Totally cool place! Very comfortable and nothing fancy. It's a great place for anyone but it's especially a great place for a steelers fan! And the sandwich's are totally worth it. You can't go wrong here!  also has tables outside so you can enjoy the view when weather is right. They also have music the tables are comfortable" Loved their Food! Lived up to the reputation.  in Pittsburgh and having the Pittsburger! I came and it was everything I dreamed it would be lol. Simple: Get there  took them a while to realize we just sat down. I recommend them to clean their tables and chairs a little better. I sat on a chair and it was a little sticky. Other than that it wasn't too bad. Next time I go back to this place "" native Pittsburghers told me.  But I insisted.  It was fantastic!  Sloppy sandwiches and greasy fries  but hardly any pastrami. The fries weren't very good either -- took them off and was left with a sub-par sandwich."  this place is awesome. Had an amazing sandwich and great service. The locals here were so nice. The area is great. We are from albuquerque and the people in pittsburgh have been great. This restaurant bar rocks!!!!" This was perfect late night hot spot after skating I the MASS MUTUAL skating rink."  make sure to request to sit outdoors because it's super pretty!" Ps- for those who show up at 2:00 and expect to be served after last call.:: and then proceed to act rude about it... Consider that each and every person who works at primanti Bros works hard and deserves to go home. Don't be entitled and feel like you deserve to be served just because you're inside the restaurant. Show respect!" My advice:  Locals must not know shit from their asshole.  There are a lot of other great places around this location   and sweet sausage  cheese sandwiches. Great food--loved the pub pickles! Service somewhat lacking but great experience overall. Worth the wait!" had almost finished. Sure enough the food that had been sitting on the grill was ours - it was over cooked and burned.  I sent it back - showed the gal my burned pastrami sandwich.  Her response was that the black or burn was my pastrami.  She has an attitude and reluctantly made me a new one in 5 minutes. The ice tea tasted old and we had to wait until we got the bill to get a refill.  In watching this operation from the counter they were more interested in singing the words to piped in music than serving the customers. This staff needs some serious lessons in public relations and social skills. For the most part they were rude and inattentive.  The food was ok.  I felt bad for the other couple who brought us here - they apologized several times for the service and our bad experience.  People make or break a business- too bad a few employees can tarnish a businesses reputation- I will not recommend this place - sorry. One star - should be no star  and tasty meat. Getting a seat near the grill was an added bonus for the experience. Efficient I highly recommend the pastrami. It's always lean and tender."  try getting a patio table. You wont be disappointed. I also like to sit at the bar too because I get a chance to see how the sammich is made! I like that they have their systems!"  and cool scenery in Market Square. Arrived around 9pm with my pal jimmy and ordered the spicy ham sandwich - sooooo good. Parking sucks  the sandwich is not something I would do again "Disgusting. Truly one of my least favorite places to visit in the neighborhood. Guests always mention they can't wait to try go here. I dread it at this point. Id prefer to never go back to this location. The staff is friendly. The bar isn't terrible  while Karen had the Pitts-Burger.  Lunch was relatively inexpensive Great interesting menu. Food was very good silverware scarce. The plastic ware was flimsy. I love that this location is next to many different bars and pubs  the internet makes this place sound like an important place to try in Pittsburgh. Give it a shot of youre in town and looking for something casual and not too adventurous."  and french fries! This location was cool because it's right downtown in market square with a cool vibe. I would have another Pittsburgher next time I'm in town."  very enjoyable.  Had the pastrami and was leary about having coleslaw on the sandwich but it works. Add a little hot sauce and it is perfect." "Service is outstanding. Mozzarella was great. But never having been before I was looking for a burger.  I did not get a burger. It was some type of mixed patty I got the Pittsburgh + Cheese and it was enough to fill me up without eating an appetizer or sides."  so I got up and walked out. Never going back. I know these guys are a staple of PGH "I eat Primanti's every time I'm in Pittsburgh. Happened to have two days off while here for work and ate here for the second time today. Their fires are properly made  but we got good service for a good price.  The small guy with glasses who was cooking put on a great show and was fun to talk to.  If we hadn't gorged on 5 Guys ten minutes earlier You will leave smelling like cooking oil. And their beer selection sucks. They had one local beer  but when I called in to place a to-go order I was hung up on 3 times!! Horrible customer service! Y'all will not be getting ANY business  recommendations from me!" "My husband and I shared the Pitts-Burger sandwich and it was just the right amount of food. It was served on 2 thick slices of soft white bread and topped with fries and a crunchy "This is a decent sandwich place that is a staple of Pittsburgh. The special feature of this place is that the fries are placed into the sandwich instead of on the side. The sandwiches are very large "The bomb-diggity of Pittsburgh restaurants!  Fries an slaw on phenomenal local bread with ever sandwich combo you'd expect. Many other menu choices all of consistent quality...Great funky good time atmosphere without pretentiousness. Lots of Pittsburgh ""vibe""! Great food "Really not sure what all the hype and popularity of this place is all about. Sandwich was meh. Fries were meh. Tater tots were meh. But the dipping sauce for the tots were on point. That's about it.  There is very little meat on the sandwich. It's mostly bread and a huge clump of coleslaw. Came here because everyone says it's ""the place"" when in Pittsburgh. I'd pass....  Service isn't that great either."  but they could have used more seasoning for the different layers. We were excited to try them  drive in's and dives. Guy said that this is a must visit place. It was a group of us and we sat outside. The service was prompt and friendly. I ordered a Angus steak and cheese sandwich and a draft Summer ale. The sandwich was huge (see pic). Every sandwich has coleslaw and french fries on it. The cole slaw is a vinegar based slaw. It is is a little different but it had a nice tang to the sandwich. Although the sandwich was huge there really is not a lot of meat. You can ask for additional meat for a small charge. Overall it was a good experience but not quite as mind blowing as Guy described." It's definitely unique and worth a try. I didn't really like the sandwich that much but it's unique and the service was really polite and fast. It's a ""must see"" place while in Pittsburgh!"  I will probably be back. If it was any other sandwich shop  friends were messaging me begging me to bring back sandwiches for them (all the way from Pittsburgh to Rochester Quick service.  There was a line outside waiting to get seated for lunch and it didn't take too long to get seated.  I ordered the colossal fish and cheese and it was good but it wasn't as good as what everyone hypes it up to be. Maybe there are better choices other than the fish.  and the meat was tender. The meat and bread both left me wanting more. The Italian bread was thick...and that's about all I can say for it. Wholly generic otherwise. The meat also lacked any distinguishing flavor other than ""meaty."" I really could have used some more seasoning and flavor from the two biggest components of the sandwich. I'm glad we made it out to Primanti Bros So as a Ravens fan Baltimore boy I'll admit  Primantis is good! But Steelers still suck ass!!  Caw Caw!!!" NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ  but the food is kinda disappointing. Still a good place to guzzle beer and zone out to tv" Primanti's used to be special-single location with good service NeUf9FyCCIN4MEseNyqkXQ "Came here because of the history behind it (and a recommendation from my uber driver). The sandwich is honestly more for the experience than the taste. It has too much going on and the flavor a are not a good compliment. The lettuce (which I suspect is actually shaved cabbage) is overpowering Also a little insider info... If your are wondering what their number 1 seller is... It's beer (more specifically Iron City  but I understand that it was a super busy Friday dinner. I would still highly recommend giving this place a try if you haven't been before I am visiting from California and was very disappointed with the service and food. It was all bread and coleslaw. The waiter was not nice at all!  Blah!!!! Kind of what you don't want a gay bar to be."  if you don't need a fake ID to get in aren't interested in pedophilia ... don't bother." Occasionally electro or goth type bands perform here as well." I only went for drag shows.  But if you're looking for a wild drag show and cheap drinks head to Blue Moon in L-Ville on Butler Street" I am a PROUD supporter of the GLBT community and you can't change my mind so no hate mail. Thanks."  socialize and roam their 3-4 floors. The dance floor was spacious and there were so many places to go if you grew tired of dancing! I never had one bad night at Pegasus! Every night there was an amazing adventure! The staff was great and the people there were so much fun! I met some great people there and the crowd was almost always friendly and fun. I really hope that Pegasus comes back because Pittsburgh needs it!" We stuck to beers and the prices were very reasonable considering the downtown location. Apparently happy hour runs until midnight! We were able to both have some drinks on the cheap and listen some good music. Definitely returning whenever we're there again!" Staff is super friendly.  During Pride it is a place you can stop into to get a drink cheaper than the beer tents outside."  they have an odd little twist on it every first Thursday of the month." Images is a pretty decent Gay Bar. Friendly bartenders a great new interior. Nothing really too special going on otherwise.  the happiest happy hour plus attractive tattooed men in undies serving shots Tuesday & Friday! ;)"  but we won't go back."  well my impression of this place was not good. being from out of town i expected a bit more  but i Guss that's asking for too much. In all fairness  I'd give this place another chance to earn my business or never to come back. On to the nx." Arrive at 12 since it seemed to get crazy packed on the Friday I visited."  I didn't not love this place."  they each had three servings and I was eating off their plates. That food was gooood!"  but probably wouldn't think about otherwise.  It is well-located in the Strip District though and near some bars I though the service was great and the waiters didn't laugh at me for not knowing half the words on the menu.  They were more than willing to explain!"  making for a great deal!!  (I think the whole brunch was like $17 including drinks and dessert.)  The desserts were quite good as well.  This would be a great spot for a large party too.  Unfortunately "We had a great experience at Lidia's.  I would give this a 4.5 if I could.  We started with the Prosciutto San Danielle and Asparagus and Boiled egg salad. The salad was the perfect foil to the salty prosciutto. Very nice.  We loved the bread basket with the the scoop of ground chickpeas in pesto.  We each had a salad.  My partner ordered the pasta tasting (more on this in a moment) which came with a Caesar Salad and my friend Carlos and I split the Roasted Beet salad.  For entree  but they have a whole bunch of really cheap  a very pleasant experience.  Would love to go again."  but the night we were there one of their specials was Hungarian Goolash  although this year our corner table had chairs that sunk WAY down - we wanted to ask for telephone books. I usually choose one of the special salads and have the gnocchi with duck ragu; it is superb! So much flavor and the gnocchi are perfect. This year  we still shared a wonderful tiramisu. The table was very tempting with biscotti I hope to be in Pittsburgh again very soon and will definitely go back to Lidia's." I've been here twice and both times did the prix fixe pasta tasting. The selections change frequently but it was always delicious and extremely satisfying. Lidia's is a nice place for a special occasion but misses the mark for this foodie. Their Octopus Appetizer is perfect however their pasta sampler was disappointing. One of the selections was not cooked and clumped together a silly mistake from the kitchen that shamed the attentive wait staff. Dessert was no better. My vanilla creme sauce looked like snot next to a melted mess of ice cream. Take a non foodie friend here to be nice but not for a culinary fun find.  and for some reason one in pgh).  As an aside I was told when I asked that one of the reasons lidia chose pittsburgh is because the ratings for her cooking show are better in this small metro than any other urban setting.  I dont' remembe all the details of the space except there were very high ceilings and ornate chandeliers (sp?).  We sat at the long bar and had a great professional bartender.  The bar offers a birds eye view into the open kitchen with many ""back of the house"" folks running about in organized confusion.  It's a bit busier today than usual Isuspect because the matriarch herself ""lidia"" is here barking orders and checking plates.  I'm told she only visits a few times a year and is here for the tomatoe dinner...Btw Still the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  No doubt about it." I dont feel it is worth the money. the drinks are entirely overpriced and the food was just ok. Nothing special My husband and I had the pleasure of dining at Lidia's on Thanksgiving day.  The food was good.  No Butterball turkey here!  Staff is friendly and we were seated right away.  The waiter timed it perfectly on each course.  We weren't rushed or did we have to sit awhile between each course.  Great wine flight!  The ambiance is lovely and the tables weren't close together. On an ending note: Lidia's does take reservations (just visit their website or hop onto Opentable and rack up those dining points) XmdTkxKyJd7TuDLoiic1kg I hope to be in Pittsburgh again so I can go to Lidia's. I went with a group of 10 or so and we sat around a big table and never felt out of place or as if we were disrupting people. It's 100 percent Italian and I love it!" Dessert MORE than made up for it!  The ladies I was dining with had the tiramisu and the meyer lemon panna cotta which made my whole face implode with pucker!  My biscotti was a delicate sampling of Italian style cookies that make Starbucks biscotti look like Chips Ahoy.  With a shot of ice cream affogato it took me all the way back to Roma!  Not to mention our charming sommelier Franco was very friendly and a joy to chat with!  In fact $24 1 entree and all you can eat appetizer and dessert. pretty good deal! but not your every-weekend brunch place" We did not have to wait for a table. Service was prompt and friendly. Great ambiance. Delicious food at a very reasonable price considering the pastas were homemade. Lots of seasonal specials. Can't go wrong here (unless you do the trio of pastas  but I don't think the food  or the dining experience justified the price." Went here for a quick lunch on a Friday at 12:35. We were seated right away. Had chicken panini and pasta trio. Super! Highly recommend the pear and cheese ravioli. Service was fantastic! I would definitely eat here again I just have to wonder why Lidia would create a menu like this. It just doesn't match her books or shows at all. It does nothing to support the brand of Lidia. Unless she is really trying to take over the Olive Garden market." XmdTkxKyJd7TuDLoiic1kg  I'm not a fan of Italian food. What I ordered was actually not very Italian. I had a salmon BLT sandwich. I thought it was pretty good and a heaping mound of food that took me a bit longer than I thought to finish. I probably wouldn't try the pasta trio since it didn't look that special and you can't eat that much pasta to make the unlimited servings worthwhile. Service is pretty good." Having heard ""upscale Olive Garden"" comparisons I personally find that assessment far from accurate and would actually go so far as to say that aside from the lack of seasoning the the experience was on par with many fine dining Italian establishments in other cities."  portion controlled spot in Pittsburgh." A nice ambiance and friendly waitstaff certainly don't hurt.  Next time I'm in Pittsburgh  the server dropped some pasta into the pan while he was serving us and a few drops of the olive oil splashed out onto another diner's shirt and onto my pants.  The server's response to the accident was ""Sorry Guys.""  Would I go back? Most definitely!  Lidia I hope you open up a restaurant out here in CA!"  whether you go for Sunday brunch or a nice evening out. It's Italian food worth going out for Based on fellow Yelpers we ordered the strawberry pannacotta for desert but unfortunately they had none at 7:30! We settled for cookies and a tiramisu. We left overall feeling disappointed in the service and the quality of the food." "We went to treat A's parents for their anniversary - his mom has been obsessed with this lady forever. I had an amazing lobster risotto  you won't regret it.  Big heaping portions of fresh pasta delivered to your plate as soon as you have space available. Mmm.  And we went on a Saturday night with no reservations and we're seated in 5 minutes."  and crunchy sugar butter. That was great. We were in for brunch on Sunday. I had the Filet and was not super impressed with the meat  so we asked if they could have a little of the pasta. The servers were very accomodating...bringing everyone plates to share. My wife ordered the pasta trio with a salad and desert. The ceasar was perfect (she shared it with me) and she had tiramisu that was probably the best we've ever had. The Zuppe di pesce (my entree) was AMAZING...I'm a seafood lover though. Overall Also a great place to take company or out-of-towners too!"  is very friendly and makes a great mojito." "I had their three pasta dinner in which they bring out to you endless amounts of their homemade or imported pasta dishes. Each one was absolutely delicious The gnocchi with the duck was outstanding. The other entrees were very good. The pasta trio last night was slightly disappointing. Ravioli  and a cocktail).  Very considerate of dietary restrictions: vegetarians and vegans.  Downright delicious with no frills!"  I would spend my money elsewhere." A great meal taken down several notches by inferior service." Overall I would give it a B." I rolled out of this place very happy. A great local place when in the 'burgh."  as well as modern dishes and new twists on classic gems!  The staff is attentive and informative without being overbearing; the wine list is extensive "I went here on a crowded saturday night with a large party (8 people at our table.) I ordered the spicy calamari. It was not spicy. It was overcooked Just don't load up on the bread or you won't have room for your dinner."  a parking lot. But they're tinted so you have a nice intimate vibe going on. There's also a huge glass Chihuly chandelier hanging in the middle of the restaurant that's gorge! So please Lidia's is definitely a great romantic date place and will be on our list to visit again soon." I do gotta say that I also tried a bit of the Gnocchi dish and that was superb.  Very fresh ingredients and each bite was incredibly fulfilling.  Next time I would try more of their signature dishes instead of the pasta trio dish because it is more than likely of sub-par quality when compared to the rest of the items on the menu due to its buffet feat." If your in the Strip and happen to stroll by Lidia's you should check it out b c you won't be disappointed.  I'll also add  it was a very good meal with some truly excellent service.  We felt cared for and comfortable Service is top notch.  We never waited and our food came out promptly.  Prices are extremely reasonable given the quality and copious portions they serve.  In fact Hopefully the next time I go back (if there is a next time) my opinion will change." "I was very disappointed with my meal here. I expected way more from Lidia's. As a regular viewer of the show I was expecting fresh   rustic Italian meals. What I ended up with was stuffed pasta that I'm 95% sure was reheated in a microwave  Lidia. I can now happily say that I have been able to accept your warm invitation at the end of each show (Tutti a tavola a mangiare).  Looking forward to the next opportunity." I won't let one trip drop my opinion too far. I recommend that you go there and try it yourself  I'd probably have awarded four stars. The five stars reflect that all of this was had at very reasonable price.  I don't dine in Pittsburgh often  I'm not sure if it's bc we went in August and the kitchen was hot and the cooks were sweating their butts off back there but they salted their pastas WAAAAY too much. One of the pastas in their trio had sun dried tomatoes and capers in it. You'd think they'd tone down the saltiness of the pasta to let the saltiness of the sundries tomatoes and capers pull it together but no. I felt like I was eating strands of salt.  The ambiance is great and their wine menu is extensive. Maybe it was a bad day but I think I can find better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh with it's strong Italian roots." And thus my rating of Meh. Which is a huge shame.  But life goes on..."  but only if someone else wanted to go.  After this experience Get the daily pasta special.. Can't beat it. Skip salad and dessert-won't have room They don't rush you through your meal which means that service can be a little slower than your typical restaurant but with the pasta trio in your future  salads are very good.  Will be going back soon."  nice place for something a little different than your average italian at a fair price.  Place was nice  service is very smooth and polished.  Food was just ok-bread was great.  The pasta trio that night was nothing to write home about-could have done just as well at Olive Garden.  We spent a lot of money (100.00 before tip) for 3 people with no deserts and no alcohol.  Lidia's is okay-nothing really to complain about My husband had the Ravioli di Cinghale: ravioli filled with braised wild boar in a rosemary infused sauce. This dish was amazing. I could not believe how delicious every single aspect of this dish was. The ravioli looked so fresh Yum yum yum... There are three yums... One for each amazing pasta in the prix fix pasta menu.  Unbelievable service and the food was incredible.  Don't miss the Ceasar or the banana chocolate caramel dessert thing!! Overall this was a great brunch experience for the price as well as the selections.  We would definitely return."  I got a Caesar salad and the wild bore stuffed ravioli. I was horrible. It was like they took some pulled pork and just stuffed a spoonful in a ravioli. I will not return "We were at Lidia's for an early dinner before seeing a show.  They have a great wine list and our server made some excellent suggestions.  The food was wonderful.  Several of us had the Pasta Trio.  This is a sampler dish with three different pastas prepared and served at your table.  Afterwards I'm a fan but the food didn't knock my socks off." Desserts were quite good. A pumpkin mousse and an amaretto cake shared three ways were a tasty ending to the meal." Yummy! The braised duck gnocchi were out of this world! Our waitress was as nice as they get. Great experience!  the gnocchi with duck ragu and the manicotti with mushroom ragu were excellent. The antipasto selection was extensive and everything was delicious. The server was friendly and attentive and the atmosphere comfortable. Will definitely go back soon." OVERALL: Glad we tried it. I would like to try the other well-rated Italian restaurants in Greater Pittsburgh  soups - its the ANTI-PASTA table!  Use your imagination (they use theirs!).  Then you order your Brunch Entree - whether that's the Pasta-Tasting trio or Filet & Eggs or Salmon.  After your Entree - you get to go up to their dessert table that always has tiramisu  I was thoroughly impressed and hope to return the next time I'm in Pittsburgh!  The atmosphere was also very nice!" "Visited this place for the first time last night and it was great!  I was there for an event and the appetizers were all amazing Their restaurant is beautiful. They have taken the typical Pittsburgh high ceilings and spiced them up with some beautiful hand-blown glass lights. Look up! Oh and the large windows open it up just the perfect amount.  Okay Pretty busy on the weekends!" "What a great dinner!  I had the pasta trio special.  They walk around with three pastas and just re-fill your plate.  I even wanted one of them without an ingredient try the dessert sampler - a plate of mini desserts - very good"  but it's not someplace I'd feel compelled to return to" "I'm a fan of Italian food. And I'm willing to pay for good Italian food. Not that Lidia's isn't good. It is. But I've had better for less $$ I will say our bartender was fantastic though.  He always had a smile on his face and was attentive to all of our needs.  That's the only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 2." XmdTkxKyJd7TuDLoiic1kg  I try to eat the best of the best foods when I can.  It is easy to follow a recipe.  It is very hard to prepare a dish perfectly.  I was hoping for perfection.  Don't think that is what I got - but really enjoyed the bread and great service."  curated list of bottles for $28. It kept our choices (and bill) a little more manageable. So glad I got to try Lidia's!"  not too rich and the gnocchi simply melt in your mouth.  The Zuppa di Pesce has a wonderfully balanced broth which wasn't oversalted (a surprise given the amount of shellfish) and tasted like it might have had Sherry wine in it.  I think I counted 7 or 8 different items in this seafood hodgepodge.  As for service  light and very tasty!!! Staff extremely attentive and polite!! Would go out of my way to eat here again!!!"  and it was totally awesome. would highly recommend.  Food was excellent. wait staff was attentive. we arrived early for our reservation and they were able to seat us.  it was a lot of fun and the decor was awesome too." My guests and I had a pleasant meal with good service. My dinner partner had calimari and shrimp over pasta "Food was very good.  But the training of the wait staff was Ill advised and needs to be redone. The waiter came back every 5 minutes and asked each individual (there were 4 of us) how everything was  we won't hesitate to return on our next visit to Pittsburgh."  but it got boring quickly. The staff are great and the location is good for people who drive into Pittsburgh. I'd like to see some the dishes that make the NY restaurant great." "Overall this was good Italian food if you're ready to venture into something more asventerous than Olive Garden.  I had the pasta trio and thought the ravioli was amazing.  Everything else was pretty good "Absolutely excellent. Definitely a gem of Pittsburgh. I highly recommend Lidia's relaxed awesome time... food wine was great... ask for eric this restaurant seems to be a sellout - a place to make money off the name in a place where the food standard frankly isn't that demanding or high (like in NYC).  also  and I got the pasta trio. I was not disappointed. Endless amounts of great pasta "As always Lidia's is fantastic.  Don't open the menu  and finally made a reservation for my dad's birthday. I was not really impressed with the whole experience overall. We got there for our reservation and it took a while for anyone to come greet us at the front of the place  and coffee espresso.  Take your time here so you can eat slowly and appreciate all the amazing eats this place has to offer.  Your brunch will take at least 1.5 hrs and the staff.... well they DO NOT rush you and are very attentive and friendly.  I recommend getting here around noon and just taking your time to truly experience this culinary tour.  Lidia's will surely become your standard to which all other Italian restaurants are measured.  OH .. If your looking for Chicken or veal parmigiana "One word; gross. This is not Italian food - it's Pittsburgh italian food. The ravioli is not fresh - how difficult is it for a restaurant to make fresh ravioli? The decor is tacky. The wine list is lacking. I could rip this place apart after only one disappointing meal  I have to say I do appreciate the homemade pasta and I'll potentially be back but it's just a bit on the pricey side for Pittsburgh so I have to presume they're going on the name at this point." XmdTkxKyJd7TuDLoiic1kg Also they will break out checks separately."  I'll be back again and again!" I would recommend Lidia's to anyone looking for a quality Italian lunch or dinner with an upscale atmosphere.  This restaurant would be great for dates and special occasions." The reason I gave a five star review on 3 to 4 star food was the service. Everyone without exception was very attentive  there are a couple of other restaurants in Pgh that I would rather visit next time i'm in the mood for Italian. Service was good and the atmosphere was pleasant though."  friends! You will thank me as you're rolling yourself outta there!" Honestly I think I like Olive Garden better and they have much better prices."  but the tiramisu & upside down rhubarb cake was also good (although the rose gelato wasn't so great) ."  with a knowledgeable waitress and good food. The only issue I had was with the caesar salad  overpriced for quality.  But the brunch is a divine value."  I would have had him roll me out the door ;-)" "We absolutely LOVED this restaurant!  The service was impeccable!  I had the all you can eat pasta trio which was lovely and delicious!  My husband had the cacciatore  but there's always the one table with the idiots who came dressed in jeans and a tee shirt--please don't be one of those idiots (wear a cute dress or khakis and a polo). They offer valet parking My girlfriend REALLY hyped this place up but I ended up spending $110 on a terrible meal I couldn't even eat. I ordered the Chicken Marsala (Waitress's favorite) and it was disgusting. The sauce was VERY over powering and it was drenched in it. If that wasn't bad enough the Chicken was cheap dark meat with the skin and the bones on it. I ended up leaving even though our meals included a dessert with the price. Won't be going back here... "The food was fine. The wine was good. I wouldn't go expecting to be blown away but the execution of the dishes I ate were fine. I did feel like the cook had had enough of making my dish for the 9999th time. A menu refresh shouldn't be too hard with all of Lidia's wonderful recipes. The place I feel  and ordered why we don't go that often.  We will have to get here more often "Our boss treated some co-workers and myself to lunch here last week (one of my colleagues was leaving) and had a terrific time. The decor is amazing and so is the food. I had the Porchetta panino (pulled pork Shoulder with horseradish apple salsa) which came with these parsely-seasoned home fries. All of it was amazing. Like Darren (I was so jealous he got to go there back in February and I didn't) This place is a mediocre when it comes to food! I really like the space and the atmosphere and I wish they would work a little bit on their sauces to make them more authentic!! "The food here is decent. It's a big place with great service that gives you the Italian family-style atmosphere you would desire. However  we had an amazing time and will def be back." I'd consider coming for dinner Nice place would give atmosphere a 6 1 2 out of 10 and food a seven out of 10.  Often has good specials!  I'm a vegetarian and they were able to accommodate me. Ended up having the  Insalata di Barbabietole - the beets were awesome!  but I definitely won't be back to Lidia's." "My husband and I had lunch there last spring.  I was disappointed in the food!  I found the pasta rather pasty and I ordered the shrimp and calamari dish.  Since I don't care for calamari I asked if I could just have extra shrimp instead and they said fine.  The shrimp was rubbery  but the service was a bit disappointing for this level of restaurant."  quiche and a few other dishes I just didn't have room to try. It is always fresh and the servers are quick to replenish.  Next up you get to pick an entree which also includes the pasta trio tasting. I recommend this as you get to sample 3 different types of pasta dishes and then have unlimited refills of your favorite one.  Servers bring out the pasta in the hot pans right to your table. Save room for dessert which is another buffet with their fabulous tiramisu and a variety of other Italian treats including some types of Italian cookies.  I don't really like tiramisu but at Lydia's it is fabulous! Our server was fantastic-every time we left the table which was a lot (to get more food of course) she folded our napkin!  She overheard it was my birthday and made sure to bring out a dessert with a birthday candle.  The atmosphere is so comfortable and with lots of room.  Great for special occasions and family friendly." A fantastic Italian meal all around. From the Caesar salads to the rustic pasta trio to the desserts...tiramisu and a variety of cookies! The waitress was very knowledgable about the menu and wine list. Pear ravioli with five cheeses? To die for! I can't wait to go back!"  I would only come back here for the brunch or pasta trio.  Otherwise Lidias was a great experience and I'm glad I went.  I think its worthy of 5 stars because the service $6 is needed for valet." Great management! Excellent food!"  the pumpkin custard was fabulous and we had a great time walking back to the hotel in the warm Pittsburgh rain."  greasy messes. The service was friendly but the food was very poor. Will never go back."  chain restaurant.  They can seat several 100 people.  It's like the type of restaurant you find at a casino.  It's an upscale chain Sunday Brunch delicious! Stopped in to try this and noted they were busy but not overwhelmed.  Was panhandled at the door by a woman ion distress?  Story was a variation that I had hearts before from different people.  I just look like a sucker I suppose!?  Anyway the service is very good.  Breads were dropped off with a variety of flavored butters.  My server explained the specials to me and my choices were made.  I chose the Cabbage rolls stuffed with a variety of meats and then off to the Antipasti buffet.  Great fresh Caesar Salad and some quiche for beginnings.  Tried some marinated mushroom s and olives.  My server checked on my progress and when I was ready they brought my entre.  Delicious to a T!  Then for a short visit to the Dessert Bar scrumptious Tira Misu and other delectable tempting confections.  My meal was priced just right for there quality and taste.  veggies and meats. I chose the pasta trio . Perfect choice as it was a great way to sample three pastas . My mushroom filled ravioli was the highlight of the plate . Every bite had a perfect mix of mushroom and cheese . Service started out great  however at time to receive bill we lost our waitress for about 10 mins. Not the best ending for such a wonderful tasting brunch ."  accommodating and efficient. Our food was just average. My husband & I each had the Caesar salad which turned out to be the best part of the meal. I had the fish special - sauted cod with spinach. The spinach added a bitterness to the cod and the cod itself would have benefited from a heavier hand with seasonings. My husband had the lasagne. He called it just average nothing worth getting again." I've had some excellent meals here when there were 3 or 4 of us.  I've had two group functions that were  way less than wonderful. I would not entertain having an event for any more than 4 people.  Even 10 people taxed the staff! "Went here for an early Valentine's Dinner last night. The service was great. We both ordered the pasta trio and the waiters' were very attentive at filling up our plates as soon as they neared empty. We also got the Polito appetizer to start and it was delicious- mix of octopus I suspect a night with the full set of options would work out better. 3.5 for this night; probably more like 4.5 on another night. Definitely worth the trip."  very pleased with my Valentine's day dinner here.  Planning to come back to try more of their fare  plus everything was delicious. The fresh pasta trio is amazing. My only complaint involved the background music. The house system was playing classic rock  my tea glass was filled with water. I was also bumped throughout the meal by wait staff walking between me and a temporary wall that was put up to accommodate a large birthday party. Fortunately I can get good pasta with much better service elsewhere. I really wish I could say otherwise but I will not be back and wouldn't recommend this location unless maybe for lunch or a less busy evening. I am pretty sure if Lidia experienced the service in her own restaurant she would be appalled!" "What an embarrassment. Rotten black  salad greens. A server with a black eye. Pedestrian ""signature"" pasta. Plates and glasses left uncleared. Greasy While the pasta that did come to the table was excellent  an employee would come over and try to sell Lidia's books and pasta sauce. Who wants to be haggled while trying to grab a piece of salami? I don't understand why the management team thinks this is acceptable. I was completely turned off by this and it was annoying to everyone I was with. The antipasti table as good  I would have like it better if they took it easy on the salt with everything and if the chicken breast was a little less chewy. It might also help to lower the price and lessen the portions. It was too much to eat. I'm not sure yet if I'd go again given the other options in Pittsburgh. I'd like to try the other items on the menu but it's too pricey if I'm to expect the same kind of food as last time."  food came out at a reasonable pace." Yelp asks if this place is good for kids ??  This is kind of hard to answer.  It is a casual place but ""upscale"" casual if that makes sense.  Children are never an issue for me if they are well behaved and entertained.  Speaking only of their ""brunch"" I would say OK for kids but the cuisine is not really geared towards a child.  If you bring a child under the age of 12 well  and perfect!  Price is fair for the quality.  I would definitely return here!" "Had dinner with my son last night and it was fabulous. He went for the ribeye and I had roasted chicken. We started with the grilled calamari which was decent  in the end $180 left a bad taste in my mouth.........."  a fake waitress and old yellow lettuce  a great brunch.  Definitely the place to go for a special occasion."  Owner & some help a bit bitchy" This is a must-go for anyone who is an Italian food fan. You won't be disappointed."  New York or Boston any time. i wanted to love it so much after watching Lidia on TV but the restaurant doesn't bring her own magic to the table it seems."   I love this place. The food was great the servicew was excellent.  Kudos to Waiter Cheno!!!  Well definitely visit again." "AMAZING pasta! Went for lunch and tried the trio. All very good. Great service and fresh food. Will definitely be back. It is a little pricey for lunch Yum! Pasta Trio was fantastic. The waiter was pleasant and the food was hot And very very fresh. Visiting Pittsburgh has been a treat and this restaurant has made it even more memorable. A nice comfort Italian joint with some unique twists and lovely service. Strikes me as a good spot that can please many different tastes."  service and food were all very good. We started with deep fried artichokes with a mustard aioli. ...lightly breaded and cooked perfectly.  We shared their Caesar salad...a favorite  they say and done very well..great favors in the dressing.  My only ding is that they slightly over dressed the lettuce for my liking.  Then my husband and I both ordered the pasta trio...on this day they served a potato leek ravioli I've been here for a brunch which I really enjoyed. You just helped yourself to a buffet. It was of course scrumptious! Don't remember exactly what I had but remember it was good! Great Restaurant with great food nice wine. The inside ambience is good but there's no nice view of the city. pasta was OK. Not the best not the worst. Wasn't thoroughly wowed... I love your show!  Thank you.  I love Grandma also." XmdTkxKyJd7TuDLoiic1kg  ravioli in cheese sauce and penne with meat sauce. The latter two were very good and the meal was available with limitless quantities of pasta  I am not kidding. It was so good that it just about brought my coworker to tears. :) All of food was wonderful and it was refreshing that a restaurant would let us sit and enjoy our food. After a wonderful three hours at Lidia's we eventually made our way back to the hotel (with a tiramisu to go)."  while everyone else in the joint was content to let us stew. Every aspect of the experience was substandard although when I reordered "We were so looking forward to the food but our experience was awful. The restaurant is too large with modern decor with hideous red plastic leatherette chairs but at lunchtime it had no character. There was no background music. The waiter was young and inexperienced. It seems that now that Lidia is famous she is no longer involved in the cooking  so the food is like any larger chain or worse without the quality control. Table cloth was dirty  since we sometimes enjoy walking further down the strip district Have always had superior meals here. Wine selection is good. Service is always top-notch.  but just with lower expectations." I'd give it a try again but tend to think I'd probably have to immediately split my meal in half and take it home as the portion sizes looked large and maybe not too healthy...."  we were one of about 10 tables being served that evening!). The entrees were dull and lacked seasoning. The servers were confused (how many times does it take to ask fro fresh pepper?) and our waiter seemed to hand off our table to another server. It's tough to find anything good here. Just another 'poser'." You really cannot go wrong.  Classic and New World Italian collide perfectly."  although at these price levels  Charlie Gitto's on the Hill is a great place. Similar in ambiance and quality to Lidia's I had really high expectations for this place but the food was overpriced & bland my lasagna tasted like it was made by Stouffers. The service was excellent the food nothing great.  nothing special. I had the gnocchi and the salmon (shared between the two of us.) The service was absolutely horrible. Our food took over an hour and half to come out and we were the only people in the entire resturant. Our waitress Carrie was extremely rude and had a really bad attitude. I would probably not come back."  and at the end of the night you have to track down the waitress to give her your credit card. I expect that at Denny's I was here with my family for Sunday brunch. Service was outstanding. The food was amazing. My children enjoyed it as much as my wife and I.  the most recent was at an outing in which I could sample many different pastas.  Very solid "Lidia's was one of our favorite Italian restaurant in the city.  We have even eaten at her place in New York because we like the Pittsburgh restaurant so much. Well that has changed in our last two visits. During our most recent visit on Valentines day the food was on the level of an Atria's restaurant.  First Extras: Valet  - $7 which I thought was a little steep. Coat check is offered. Seats next to the window are not cold at all!" Lidias has had the same vibe for a really long time and maybe that's why I've docked it one star.  It would be nice to see a little more variety." XmdTkxKyJd7TuDLoiic1kg We had a GREAT time. Lots of jokes and smiles from the wait staff Might try this place again for the savoury food." "Totally exceeded my expectations. I spoiled myself with such great food and such great quantity. The server's name on my bill is Chance. Great young guy  who cares a lot. He will remember me because I was listening to the German songs of Sleipnir The ambience is very good but the food was just okay. Nothing to talk about. The service was good. The bottom line for me is that I will head back to Lidia's again in the future.  I was pleasantly surprised by how good Lidia's really was and I could see myself going back here again in the future just to have the pasta trio." We also ended up taking the tiramisu to go and actually haven't tasted it yet.  It looked good!  Price wise It's really a blessing that Lidia picked Pittsburgh as a location for one of her restaurants.  If you haven't checked it out  I would have rated Lidias with one star.  The service was sub-par on a Friday night. We were seated at a table too close to a service station and my seat kept being bumped into.  The bottle of wine we ordered never arrived until after we were mostly finished with our salads.  As for the food  move the wine away from the kitchen..."  but tasted just like a freezer lasagna you would purchase at the local grocery. The dessert bar was the best part. The nutella chocolate cake and lemon cakes were delicious. The tiramisu was not very good Haven't been there in awhile and things sure have changed. Service was quite disappointing. Server spent more time talking to co-workers than she did waiting tables. Pasta trio was basically a duo since they forgot to bring the third offering. Food was decent but not as good as it used to be... Fast service. I think I would rank this higher if I had liked the taste of my food. Ordered the lasagna. DEF had better in my life! My BF ordered the boar ravioli which was much better. A bit on the expensive side. Bread was good though!  very disappointed. I couldn't understand why people raving about it too much. OVER Charge and terrible food. None of us could finish the meals cause they tasted so bad even we were very hungry. Our  waitress looked dirty and no teeths...services was ok  you have a excellent view of the bridges and Allegheny River. The food was great and service was very helpful! I would totally recommend trying it out." "With so many good Italian places in Pittsburgh I was a little skeptical about a celebrity chef chain. But brunch here was very delicious and generous. The antipasto offerings included a number of crunchy salads that were nice and vibrant. I got the egg potato cheese plate which was decadent and more than one person could eat  stop complaining.  Don't try to be cheap and then nitpick a restaurant to death.  Happens all the time and is not nice!" Great Groupon because this meal would have been $130 or more...." Will definitely return!  Thank you Lidia's!!!" Seriously when you are attempting to show class.....Do not hire people that look like they just walked out of the trash bin! Toothless busers asking to remove dishes that I am eating is Unacceptable." Food is good the coffee is great but the wine is on average 4 times retail. That is robbery not the usual restaurant mark up. A 53 dollar bottle of wine has a price of 230.00 on the wine list. So we won't be having any wine. "Most of my happiness about this place stems from watching Lidia's cooking show on PBS with my Dad when I was younger. I was a bit disappointed by the taste of the sauce on the Sunday rigatoni and meatballs special I had high hopes for Lidia's and the dinner I shared with a friend here did not disappoint.  We both had the pasta trio: an amazing assortment of fresh pasta dishes that truly hit the mark as something special.  Service was both competent and friendly.  I highly recommend Lidia's Pittsburgh as living up to the culinary reputation of it's namesake. Purchased a groupon so we could check it out-unfortunately very disappointed.  Caesar salad was drowning in tart dressing. Pasta trio - 1 out of the 3 was passable. The bread was good and the wine (included in the groupon deal) was pretty good which  is pretty sad because I'm sure Lidia's had no hand in making either of the 2 things I didn't mind from the dinner.  Good groupon deal but terrible food - will not be back. XmdTkxKyJd7TuDLoiic1kg  2 of them actually started a little spat while sitting at a table next to us--our poor waitress had to intervene and did most of the cleanup herself.  I'm sad to give a poor review to a restaurant with such a great food icon as its namesake  but wait staff was not paying attention so we didn't get the grated cheese in time to eat...until we were half done with pasta.  But I was there for their sunday brunch. My friend and I tried the pasta trio and Polipo (grilled octopus). Both of them taste good but I prefer the pasta trio over Polipo.  especially after they had plans to remodel in the near future. Not sure that we will after this experience..." We look forward to our next visit.  Good luck with the remodel and thanks!"  which were also both fantastic! They let us eat as much as we wanted of the pastas even though one round was more than enough. The service was exceptional. Our server  but that doesn't matter at all if the dishes they include are not rich and tasty and creative. This was truly on par with Olive Garden all you can eat pasta for $11. Same all you can eat. Same not much meat or veggies included. Same small dessert. Same service. Not same price." Read the inspection reports on Lidia's at http:  webapps.achd.net Restaurant RestaurantDetail.aspx?ID=200103010002" I had the pasta trio.   None of the pastas had any flavor. The server did not bring graded cheese or pepper and couldn't be found to request any.  I got one small spoonful of each pasts and wasn't offered the opportunity for more until my check was dropped off by the server. I used to really love Lidia's. It will be a long time before I risk another flavorless expensive meal there where I walk away hungry and not served. They did even serve bread.  but service was still spectacular. I'd definitely come back- especially for the mushroom ravioli and wine." I loved our Groupon intro and would not hesitate to go back for a wider menu experience"  the best ever. I waited for 5 months to eat this dessert after losing 15 pounds."  and the ravioli with cheese were not worth the calories. The tiramisu for dessert was a tiny portion and also not impressive. The craziest was the wine to pick from their ""$32 List."" All basic ""jug-type"" wines which retail for about $8 a bottle....so over four times retail. The only thing that saved the evening from disaster were our server and busser. Both polite After watching Lidia's Kitchen I thought I'd try it even though I heard it was pricy. It was not Like The lidia's program on Wqed. I think Lidia &Grandma would be appalled! I had a salad with a red wine vinegar&EVOO dressing on request. Someone in kitchen in charge of salads don't know how to make a proper easy dressing! I am a retired Sous Chef 10 yrs retired at a resort hotel in Miami beach. So I was appalled by a lousy not fresh dirty salad! Yes dirty! The endive had the bottom cores on them and wasn't washed properly. The veggies tomatoes were gross and the dressing was mixed oil vinegar only no herbs! I pushed it away ugh! Then I had the gnocchi my Mom used to make from scratch ! This wasn't that! This was the frozen gnocchi I in supermarkets they were all the same size and the taste was that you find in a store not fresh made! Don't be fooled! It came w duck ragu that was ice cold! They must of forgot to heat it up. Desert time! Well I was still very hungry order coffee and Tiramisu was a old soggy mess! Last piece in fridge seemed like. I hate Olive garden but Lidia's made that good! Next time want Italian& nice prices go to Alexander's in Bloomfield all their pastas made to order in kitchen it says on their menu may take  10 extra minutes to prepare since they make them to order! Try their Calamari over Angel hair yum! Until Lidia's comes here and inspects & teaches that staff how to cook her recipes they are not what she makes on tv! I made her recipes and they were really great this was simply Gross& high priced too!& I went by Access so didn't have to pay $7.00 valet parking fee!  I suppose it's very palate based. Maybe not the best restaurant for children." Wow! Agnello - Lamb Shank with sweet potato and Swiss chard was delicious. The meat came off the bone and the combination of flavors is outstanding. A must have; very tasteful. The ambience is excellent and the service was superb. Great place for a date.  gave the best of him and take care of us in a perfect thanksgiving spirit. Food menu offers a nice price for quality. Many thanks to the team."  because  everything she makes on her show looks like how The Italian Grandma I Never Had would have made it. But it's really just above average "Had a very nice time and a great dinner with friends. The service is fantastic from the front door to the valet at the end of the night. The food is very good My experience here was nothing less than excellent. The executive chef here is running a fantastic kitchen."  but the mashed potatoes were thin and grainy like they were made with water instead of milk For dessert I had the pumpkin spice custard and loved it. You would need to be a pumpkin fan to appreciate this desert. It was served in a sauce and with a piece of pumpkin seed toffee brittle on top- loved the mixed texture going on there."  but still overpriced (average price seems to be ranging at $20-$30). You're paying for the fancy environment and rich experience. Make sure to ask your server which pastas are imported and which are made in-house as the ones made in-house are so much better.  A nice plus to Lydia's is that it also offers gluten-free options which is rare for Italian restaurants. The endless pasta trio is the way to go because Waitress was nice but it's obvious that this place is run poorly. Staff training is badly needed. Lidia should be ashamed to put her name on this place."  which was literally the least he could do since it was the cheapest item and cost them nothing to prepare since they are making huge batches anyway. Definitely disappointing for a corporate-type restaurant like this with a decent reputation. Not recommended  he stated he was flown in to supposedly TURN the restaurant around.  Lidia should spend more time in her restaurants to see first hand. The waiter said she only comes to town twice a year. Your brand is being damaged because your staff doesn't seem to care.  Very disappointed. Most likely will not return. ---Brian K"  there were none of these problems.  There was just no quality control outside of the kitchen today." This place is phenomenal! I went here for a first date and we were both truly impressed. The pasta trio is not to be missed and the wait staff make you feel like you are the only people in the restaurant! The desserts are fabulous! I can't say enough about the incredible experience I have had here. I will absolutely be returning and I suggest you give it a try!  isn't pasta. The rice for the risotto had slightly more bite than one looks for in an al dente preparation; the ricotta filling of the tortellini was a little watery; and the bucatini pasta was only lukewarm. However Delicious!  We enjoyed the pork and the lamb. Both were tender and delicious. They even had some options for our daughters that weren't listed on the regular menu. Butter pasta makes a 6 year old happy!  unfortunately all dishes from the bread to the dessert were extremely disappointing. Definitely not worth the price." This is one of my new favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. It was delicious!  Decently priced and kid friendly!  I recommend the 3 pasta tasting meal and the octopus appetizer.  The tiramisu was  so good!  The homemade gelato was a hit with my kids. Finally getting ready to leave and it's almost 9:30pm.. .3-1 2 hrs.. really???" My only gripe is that the tables were reallllly close together. The waitstaff couldn't even get between the tables to fill our drinks or bring pasta servings. I know from a business standpoint disappointing and not worth the calories. Maybe it was just the buffet desserts. Prices are moderate but well worth it in my opinion. Atmosphere is classy but casual attire seemed acceptable. The staff was both professional and knowledgeable. Can't wait to come back!"  and I loved it. The decor of the restaurant is very elegant but urban. I believe I had the Pasta Trio and my favorite was a ravioli filled with sausage and pear. Furthermore Expensive and suuuuper slooooooow. Not busy at all and still took an hour to get our food. Food was just ok.  but one of the kids is GF and I rarely find reviews that mention this so wanted to put it out there."  tender chicken. Needed a touch more lemon for my taste but that's nit picky.  The antipasti I and dessert tables were very good as well. Warmed olives? Yes. Delish! All of the salads were great. I liked the tiramisu and ginger cookies from the dessert table.  I would visit again most definitely." Lidia's is my favorite cook. I have 3 of her books and tape her shows. The pasta sampler is so good. The pappardelle in sausage ragu with cabbage is AMAZING!!! Wasn't crazy for the meatballs sadly. Fritto misto app was very good. Great staff!!!!  goat cheese ravioli in thyme butter sauce and bow ties and spinach in a ricotta sauce!!! Delicious !!! I love fresh made pasta you can really enjoy the difference!!! Fun nite to celebrate 30 years!!! Of marriage!" I gave this restaurant a three star since the service was awesome!" All of that could be forgiven ...but the waitstaff performance could not.  The waiter for an adjacent table spun around and slammed into the back of my husband's head ...without a word of apology.  Another parked a tray of food for another table in the aisle blocking another member of our party from returning to his seat "So disappointing....I was so looking forward to a good pasta dinner!  I never got to taste any pasta.   The Caesar salad was soggy and the service was so slow we ended up leaving without even getting our dinners. We waited 40 minutes after finishing our salads when the server let the manager know we had been waiting too long. He never approached our table  which was dry and uninspired...  Would never ever come back and I would urge you to try one of Pitt 's other great restaurants - at least until the executive chef and or manager here starts to demand some quality control. Lidia should be ashamed that this is being run this way." "for a professional chef's restaurant the ""pasta"" was mediocre. fake Italian at its finest. the lamb was good though" The wait staff was very polite and attentive.   If you haven't been  would have been no more than $40 tops).  The wine selection is so so.  It just seems like for a business function they tried to rake massive amounts of profits without actually offering anything good.  The appetizers were horrendous  but it isn't exactly what I was hoping for. I got the manicotti which was fine but not great. The prices are a little much and I think that you can get the same sort of food much cheaper at another popular Italian restaurant. You can call a couple hours ahead to find out about the trio options Lastly the service was fantastic. Our hostess was very nice and polite.  Our waitress Kelly was amazing! She was informative Why did a star come off after 5 years? It seemed to me the wait staff for the lunch time patrons was in training  don't go here.  Staff is excellent though.  Unfortunately Yelp asked to provide more details on review.  For that I apologize Lidia.  Presentation was a -2 on a ten point scale and that was better than the special Chicken Parm. Nice wine selection though. Staff and wine selection is why it got its one star." "It is 2:45pm and the restaurant is closed. It actually closes from 2:00 - 5:00 pm Mon- Fri. The information for this restaurant needs to be updated! The restaurant's information currently listed on Yelp shows the restaurant as ""open"" right now." Tip for reading to the end: Call ahead to get the trio listing for the day and see if it matches with what you'd want to eat and go in a group.  I would even see if you can get seated at the start of service if you don't mind the dining area being a little more sparse just because your service level will probably be better."  and my husband ordered the Risotto.  The Risotto arrived and we both tasted it - they must have used low sodium stock...this dish had absolutely no flavor at all.  There were no salt or pepper shakers on any of the tables.  My first two pasta samples arrived.  One was a very very good ravioli with some type of sage filling.  The other was fusilli in a red sauce that  was ordinary to the extreme.  When our waitress checked in  and really ""old"" odor. A real turn off. Staff for most pArt were very pleasant and pasta was excellent like always. Service at tables excellent. The bartender doesn't belong in the business. Rude to patron and to his own colleagues. He explained that the special menu at the bar was an entirely separate business fr the restaurant and we could not order fr regular menu. A turn off."  very bland.  No salt and pepper shakers on the tables.  This drives me crazy.  The scaloppine wasn't much better.  My husband ordered the sausage and peppers over polenta.  I think he got maybe 4 ounces of sausage and a few peppers.  This restaurant is overpriced for the product you received.  Very disappointing." "My wife got a email from Lydia's announcing that they had a weekday happy hour in the bar area. We tried it on a hot evening around 6:00. The bar was almost empty and quite relaxing. Reduced cocktail prices and 5 dollar wines a great deal for such a fine restaurant. The best deal came last with half price appitizers. Absolutely delicious.  We will definitely be back for the best deal in the ""Burg""." I had the wild boar ravioli and I thought it was very good. I was hoping for more meat inside. My girlfriend got the pasta trio. The only complaint was that it was all white sauced bad will go back again. Service was very good and prompt "A great neighborhood bar in the strip with authentic tasting Irish pub food. I'm a fan of going early (though it's so empty and lonely looking early in the day) for a brunch of bangers They had some live music (a guy with a wee guitar singing eclectic covers) which was decent and ended at 1am.  We were the last patrons before closing at 2  relaxed atmosphere.  The staff is especially pleasant and very friendly.  H&F is an excellent place for the end of the work week.  They have nightly specials during happy hour Which lasts from 5pm to 7pm. H&F also has live bands playing nightly.  The acts range from up tempo rock music to laid back acoustic guitar acts.  Overall  like the cover charge that happens for every single event. Great Guinness Toast (where you had to use plastic cups!)- $5; St. Patrick's Day Parade- $10!! We made it for breakfast on parade day I don't get pissed over things I can't control so I ignore ignorant people who like drama. We did have some excellent BBQ pulled pork nachos! Maybe an event there would be different but my experience...Yawn" We started to leave just as a few musicians came in.  I think I'd enjoy coming back here for a drink and an appetizer during some live Irish music!  Service was a bit slow  and if you're in the mood for some fish & chips you're really limited to two excellent options in town: Piper's Pub or the Harp & Fiddle." All this place needs is a good wash. Let me know when Excellent atmosphere and friendly service.   Food was great.  the service is always spot on.  I really wish there was a place like this in my neighborhood in Denver."  but the food is very good. My Shepherd's Pie was outstanding. The whiskey bundt cake we shared was also rockin'. Our server was a cute chick with awesome hair. Only Piper's Pub makes better Irish food than this place." Tons of travelling entertainers and bands  it is a fun time. The musicians have been pretty good whenever I've been in. I'd like to go in more but I can only manage their happy hour - unfortunately the place is too expensive for anything else. I had my first and last full night's drinking there a few weeks ago and we were all pretty shocked when we saw the check."  we had the deep fried pickles. Quite okay. Quite a decent Reuben sandwich. Would like to see a better beer selection. One of the few places open in the strip district after 5 pm."  I sent my meal back to the kitchen. The Corn Beef in the Corn Beef and Cabbage tasted really bad and felt like I was chewing gum. Avoid that plate at all costs" "This is the most authentic Irish Pub you will find.   The food is good and plentiful and the beer selection is impressive.  I have been several times to the Ceili  dances on Tuesday night TWO STARS BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS DIRTY.  Its very dirty.  So dirty.  Maybe they  dont notice it at night during the bulk of their business.  Inch of dusk on the window sill.  So gross.  Please I didn't stay very long. We had the journey back to Beaver County. But I liked the look of this place. Would be a good place to have a nice chat with some friends on a Wednesday night." The crowd tends to be a little more mature which is nice!" "I have only eaten at Mulaney's once and drank here twice but I hope to come more often. I had a traditional Pittsburgh steak salad that was pretty good but the real draw is the music. The first time we came in  the consensus was we'd go back."  I was craving a salad and have little time for lunch.  I asked for medium cooked steak and it is BEYOND well done.  It is actually crispy.  The French fries on top are rock hard but are not burnt which seems to me to be recooked from yesterday.  I cannot eat this.  I will certainly walk the extra few blocks from now on to get food that is prepared properly.   Never again for me."  the worst quality greasy ground hamburger and canned crunchy onions (on a Shepard's Pie?). I ate less than half and am debating if I will allow my dogs to eat the rest or throw it away.  The potato soup was so salty I chugged water afterwards to feel relief. I was physically Illl from the grease and butter. I mean that literally. The only thing Irish about this place is the name and the Guiness on tap. Other than an ill mannered and intoxicated uncultured college student no one will like this place. I have had better experiences at the Giant Eagle hot food counter. Sorry guys you have got to do better if you ever think ill return." Wanted to like this place as we haven't explored the strip district because of the touristy feel and crowds..wanted to explore different areas of the city. The fish was kind of slimey and didn't have a good taste. The fries were really hard and had been cooked until they was no potato within them. The Shephard pie had instant mashed potato taste some crumbled hamburger and plain cheddar cheese on top with small shreds of carrot. Not much better than a KFC bowl and the onion rings were just the frozen food variety. Not sure why people like it so much. If we had been drinking we wouldn't care. Maybe they had a bad day. I would recommend paying attention to cook times and to get rid of the fish. Maybe use fresh or in store made ingredients for Shephard's pie "I love authentic Irish pubs like this one. Probably the best tasting Guinness I've ever had. The food selection is a little limited but everything I've experienced there has been very tasty. My friend and I went there and he had the wings We've heard both good and bad about this place.  My wife loves corned beef and cabagge so we had to try it. The atmosphere was great as was the entertainment.  The food was a bit of a disappointment.  Her corned beef was dry. I had a Shepard's pie. The chef had such a heavy hand with the salt that I couldn't taste anything else. This is probably a great place to listen to music and grab a beer. The food? Not so much.  as one of my friends had previously done and told me to as well. I was not disappointed! Really great food. Highly recommended." "Moved to the Strip and tried the food with a group of four.  The Shepard's Pie was awful...I am not sure what the meat was and the flavor was odd.  One other person tried it and would not eat it.  The fish n chips were not good.  The fries were soggy and soft  inside there is a full bar with a restaurant and tables. The food is pretty good bar food and it's a karaoke hot-spot on Saturday nights. The karaoke crowd is pretty diverse and if you are really lucky you may catch Abba singing the Dawson's Creek theme song. Waitstaff is nice as well. 5 stars for the recovery room."  and it was just right.  Everything from fresh feta and olives to spanakopita and grape leaves.  Nico's is on Friendship Ave and very close to the hospital (hence the 'recovery room').  I look forward to checking out the Saturday Karaoke to see what Pittsburgh local vocals will produce."  the wood walls are kinda awesome.  It's a great place to grab a few drinks with a pal and hunker down in a booth for a low-key evening." Now the karaoke crowd was pretty fun...mostly hipsters with a few good singers but mostly people trying to be funny with their song choice. The karaoke host was just lame. He was an older guy tQpYnf3P3Q_OQLYYJvlV-A Karaoke disciples mixed with fat guys singing 'Billie Jean'" But the dives in Pittsburgh are all pretty much maintaining the smoking thing Long live the old school joints in Pittsburgh  there is someone else there now and we think he's pretty great.  :-)  If he doesn't have a song that you want  Yeungling on tap--quintessential Pittsburgh. The fried fish (with fries and coleslaw) is Lenten-Catholic quality. If I minded cigarette smoke The only thing that I really dislike is that you can smoke in the bar."  you WILL come home smelling like an ashtray."  but there is no funner night that grabbing some pitchers with a group of friends and making a fool out of yourself behind a mic. And this is the perfect place for it. By no means is this a place for upscale cocktails with the coworkers: we're talkin cheap beer  I would recommend Nico's for a fun night of karaoke and cheap drinks with friends!" Curly haired male bartender intentionally added $20 of drinks to my tab. When I confronted him he blamed the extra drinks on my friends who hadn't been drinking those things in the first place." It is just a standard bar to me.  If you want no frills beer and bar food  and I'm pretty sure it was only by pure chance that I came in on a night where no one was smoking near me; if the place had been any busier I'd've had to leave just so I could breathe normally  but might just bypass all things deep fried." I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. -Florence Nightingale" At the higher end of the dive bar world you have Nico's. I say higher end because it's not as dank as most. It's older but has so much character (and I'm not just referring to the patrons). It's a neighborhood joint with stand up comedy and karaoke. Good food. The gyros are as good as any you'd get at a Greek restaurant. Nice little bar. The crowd ranges from millennials and hipsters to old timers and bikers. Eclectic mix of people. They have karaoke Saturday nights if you're into that sort of thing."  you will be in for a treat.  Anyone who thinks that Bloomfield has good Italian food is a complete idiot who doesn't know Italian food Breakfast is huge. If you can handle all that food for a cheap price  probably a quarter pound of ham & sauted peppers & onions. Fresh hand cut Italian bread toast from bakery down the street '& fresh thick bacon too. Yum   etc.  I cannot stand hearing my best friends name being used in vain or as curse words.  When people say Jesus Christ name or God followed by the d word.... I get upset." This is one of those old school Bloomfield type of places that 's a one person operation likey Rocky's.  Jeannie does it all.  Expect to be cursed at a lot and yelled at if you don't finish your meal.  The food is very greasy and filling  I love the Reuben sandwich and every night they have some themed drink special night. I think Thursday night is ladies night and on Friday they have free wings from 5-7. The last time I went I watched the U.S. Open Women's Semi-finals and the wings did not disappoint!" Now I just need to find somebody in Pittsburgh who can mix me a Black Opal." The bar food is quality -- I highly recommend the fried zucchini. There's also the Munchies Platter  and not spilling over the brim with sports fans.  They have good solid pub food which is tasty and with big portions.  The food is always above par and I don't ever think I've had something I wouldn't order again.  I even got a grilled cheese and loved it!!  There is a bit of sticker shock  and prices and specials are pretty good.  They've got plenty of screens to watch your favorite event(s)  which is flavorful as well as hot.  I'd buy it by the bottle if I could.  The menu is huge Phenomenal bloody mary on a Sunday. Cute bar tender. delightful ghetto dive. I guess I need to get in on these free wings at some point..  neighborhood place with great food and a wonderful staff ... Silky's on Liberty is your place. Daily specials plus a respectable standard fare means you'll never tire of the menu. Warm nights make the sidewalk tables perfect for socializing and people watching (goodness knows that Bloomfield has its share of characters.) But what really makes this place special is the fabulous folks who work there. Take some time to get to know them. They're fun and interesting! Enjoy!" All of us agreed this is the worst place we have been in for smoke and some of our group were smokers  but easy access to smoking outside.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The jukebox isn't bad.  All in all I was pleasantly suprised with how much I actually enjoyed this place.  I was a little leary at first  but the quality is there so I can excuse that. We hope to check the place out on a busier night to check out the atmosphere Silky's usually makes the list to watch a game or if weather calls for outdoor drinking."  pretty decent burger topped with lots of bacon. The bacon is still crunchier than I like it...I don't know if it's the cut or the way they cook it. The waffle fries are seasoned and really yummy. Good selection of beers. I will never try the pasta. Anyone who goes to a bar and eats pasta and thinks it might actually be good or authentic is delusional. I don't really fit in in this place  I was ill for essentially the entire weekend after eating here on a Friday night.  I won't take Silky's off my list entirely because it is close to my house.  My wrap was good and the staff was friendly.  The place was packed and so that says something positive to me."  affordable.  Nice stop before an evening out.  I need to head there primetime to assess the evening vibe.  Will be back." All and all this is one of my favorite sports bars!" The food that other people ordered smelled and looked great. Even the seafoody bits which I normally hate smelling. The tv's are plentiful and newer. I just don't know if I'll ever get to go back and try the food as I hate being slighted by a business owner and treated as if my business isn't appreciated."  just a short walk from my workplace.  My coworkers and I went out here after work.  It's a nice little cozy environment that just has a comforting feel to it.  Plenty of flat screen TVs to catch the big game "I've been to all 3 Silky's locations and this is my favorite. The food is great  and drink a beer look no further than The 'Chester."  but you've got to come here and be very very patient." i was there again tonight and it was so much better.  I really think the staff was overwhelmed on saturday.  food was good.  silkys has one of the best reubens in town. "This place is great for your standard neighborhood pub food. Time and time again my boyfriend and I try other places along Liberty Ave. since moving to the Bloomfield area. Too many times we've been disappointed and say...""Let's just go to Silky's next time."" Recenty that has morphed into just going to Silky's when we want a simple but good meal. Their burgers are very good  I probably wouldn't go back JUST for the food. If I were meeting  a group of people here Awesome wings and they're 50 cents during all Pen's games Oh and shuffleboard.  As far as I'm concerned no greater drinkin game.  Write that down ."  husband enjoyed his Rachel and the burger was also enjoyed.  Def give it a taste if you're in the neighborhood." The TV's are a plenty."  but Silky's makes a strong play to be your go-to neighborhood hangout." "They have an amazing on tap beer selection. Several small tvs. But if the Steelers aren't playing  and for bar food it's actually quite good. The location is perfect for sitting out on the tables right on Liberty and chatting with buddies as the cars go by." 3zgswf_NfBJpeAoWeTkgMA Excellent food! Excellent service! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great meal with great service. A good neighborhood joint!"  and the service at the bar is always professional. Don't come here expecting fast food My experience here was terrible. A 15 minute wait for a draft beer on a slow night? No thanks. Just there last evening after a 12 hour shift at work. ordered a Rachel sandwhich...received a reuben. The server apologized and offered to get the correct sandwhich for me to go. She brought it to the table packaged to go. I drove all the way home to moon township opened my container and found another reuben sandwhich.....disappointing to say the least.  The fries were great however.  the patio is a great option. There's potential for good people watching on Liberty Ave most days. However  it seemed to tailor to an older crowd (30-49 seemed to be the median age when I was there).  I would have given it 5 stars had they been fully stocked on their draft beer.  I like to drink unique or uncommon beers when traveling and had to settle for Molson that night."  i ate it with a fork. The juice from the tacos also made the tater tots extremely soggy.  Everyone else in my group was disappointed in some way with our visit." "SIlkys is pretty sweet. The french onion soup and new england clam chowder are delish.  Beers are on the pricier end but its no dive bar so that's to be expected. They do have drink specials sometimes but never when I'm there  food was great and they kept the volume on the jukebox to a reasonable level for 6-7 pm in the evening.  Have had issues with all 3 things on multiple recent (last year or so) visits Great place.  Nice service.  Good beer.  Outdoor seating.  Nice pub food.   Definately recommend.  but I really appreciated the size of the tables for two. They could have probably fit four people but with only two seats it felt like there was actually enough room for plates and drinks and such. One of my biggest annoyances with eating at bars is getting an extraordinarily small Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu."  my party of three sat down at a table.  We received no attention from the waitstaff.  When I went back up to the bar to buy another round for my party  the wings. They are double-fried and soooo crispy. I have not had such awesome wings in a long time! Otherwise Mediocre food and also over-priced. Ordered the Reuben and it was brought out with the bottom of the bread soggy (maybe from sitting too long). Confronted waitress and awkwardness ensued as she wouldn't take my plate right away and resolve the issue. The solution: THEY GAVE ME A NEW PIECE OF TOAST ON A PLATE TO REPLACE THE SOGGY BREAD MYSELF! And to top it all off...they didn't discount my bill AT ALL. I think the terrible Rueben was around $10.99 and soft drinks are NO FREE REFILL! This Silky's Pub place is a complete JOKE.  usually have good service and am usually satisfied with my food. This time my chicken on my salad seemed way overcooked...just some of it though...almost as if 2 chicken breasts had been used  folks! Delicious Sunday brunch and 22 ounce Bloody Mary specials."  and we had two appetizers plus our entrees.  The nacho appetizer was great; the beef strips appetizer was not quite up to par for the price.  I had the buffalo chicken sandwich--the chicken was grilled just right without being too dry ""Refined Bar Food"" is what one local paper said about Lot 17. I agree Edit: Went back and was less impressed; dropping this from 5 to 4 stars.  Nothing particularly wrong  they have an upstairs room available for private parties.  I held a birthday party here and they went well out of their way to make sure we got everything we needed." The sweet potato fries are pretty amazing."  but I did like it and can see myself going back when I move in a few weeks." The overall atmosphere was loud and gregarious. Lots of cheering when the correct team scored and laughing and patting of backs. I would definitely return."  there are a few tables outside -- but get there early if you want to enjoy them!"  but went with the veggie pita. I asked for no cheese and they were very accommodating. Not only were the pita "Go there only if you want served uncooked fish Lot 17 is a PITT bar and a great place to watch a Saturday football game or a basketball game. I also believe that during the basketball season it is host to the Jamie Dixon radio show. Just don't come in here with WVU gear on and you will be just fine!"  I'm going to have to give them just an ok review due to the terrible service..Here's to Lot 17..I hope you redeem yourself."  they were good. Add a reasonable selection of beer and them having the game on and you have a solid neighborhood bar." (usually broccoli or beans). This is a highly flavorful and tender good sized; piece of fish that had no fishy flavor. One of the mildest white fish. I have eaten it on the bun and it is very tasty too. The blackening can be a bit heavy and chard so if you don't like that burnt taste you may want to have it grilled. That spicy kick and filling but healthy selection keeps me going throughout the busiest of days!" 7XXmky6YYjsvKFwho_eavg I was visiting for the weekend and we were looking for somewhere to go watch the LSU versus Alabama game and we chose Lot 17. When we arrived we were able to find seats at the bar since there was barely anyone there. They have a nice selection of draft beers. The food was definitely above average for a bar. The sweet potato fries are as good as advertised and the dipping sauce could be consumed with a straw but the TV selection leaves a little to be desired. I understand it is a PITT bar but with 95% of the bar focused on the LSU Alabama game you would think they could have moved the PITT game to a corner TV and use the center TV with sound for the majority of the bar that was concerned in the 'Epic' game. They did switch the games around while PITT was at half but as soon as that game started the LSU game was back relegated to the corner. The manager even made some comment that our group didn't appreciate but whatever it's not like I will be back anytime soon. If you are looking for some good bar food I say stop on by. If you are looking to watch a big game outside of Pennsylvania sports you may want to choose elsewhere or be relegated to the corner without sound.   and I want food that I KNOW is going to be solid Very good...... Enjoyed the food!  their crab cake sandwich is outstanding I have had other food at Lot which has been good so I felt the need to rate it 3 stars.  I will go back eventually but it won't be for a fish sandwich."  one of the best things about the meal was the side order of Brusselsprouts.  They were fantastic.  I cannot wait to come back here again.  The atmosphere was also great!  Our waitress was friendly  service is usually great. A few TVs line this place so it's a good place to watch a game. I'd watch anything there if it was served with a side of that sweet potato fry sauce."  it's a terrific atmosphere - one that makes you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in. A great beer selection with rotating specialities on tap always creates a welcoming feeling in my mind. But its the food that draws me back over and over and over again. The menu is predominantly sandwiches and wraps but the selection is VERY good. There are dinner entrees as well and I've ventured there a few times and was pleasantly surprised.. But the sandwich is king here. Oh yeah One thing that I always definitely do here is find the Pittsburgh Earthquake crack.  Not much is out there information wise for this event  I realized I had gone there once in the past for lunch with other co-workers. What does this mean? Lot 17 is ultimately a forgettable lunch destination. Even with my below-average experience The bartender was beat. We left without being acknowledged or served (and we literally waived our arms).  Could be good  electronic jukebox that I will definitely have to give a try next time!  And obviously I will have to eat there in the future  but it's really hard to fake an appetite after knowing what kind of product they're willing to serve for appetizers. Hopefully I'll be able to improve my review after trying more of the menu. Fingers crossed." My Merlot was decent but the calamari was not. The calamari while had hints of Italian seasoning was bland and became soggy of the cooked vegetables that they had underneath it. Plus I think I found a fry or two with the vegetables. Also Lot 17 had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there. Service could have been better. I might return for drinks but only drinks.  and calamari.  The best of the dishes were the mushrooms stuffed w crab meat and topped w red peppers...the fries and calamari were terrible!  I don't want to come back here...it's over priced and the food is below ave" Decent place for drinks and apps - it was crowded so they must be doing something right.  I would check this place out again and try a full meal."  I'd just be very very careful with what I order. Maybe thoroughly research the other reviews for the good stuff. I mean "I always enjoy my time at Lot 17. You can just hang out and grab a beer or enjoy some food in the back. The food is amazing. I especially enjoy the Mediterranean Seafood Salad. It is a MUST ORDER. The sweet potato fries are a great compliment to any of the burgers A shoulder shrug could be used to describe Lot 17."  the food comes out quickly & the prices are reasonable." But you can't go wrong - the Lot 17 salad is killer good. And the Jerk Chicken sandwich with the grilled pineapple is my wife's favorite. Not to mention the amazing sweet potato fries and the crack-like brown sugar butter dipping sauce. Always a good rotating selection of good beers and I'm always happy to choose among several I would drink anytime. In fact I live in Bloomfield and this is my go-to place. Service can be a little lacking in the back but the food is always good and they have a good beer selection. Love the outdoor tables! The service was quite friendly  you can purchase a $50 ""hot card"" for just $25 through PG Daily Deals (http:  deals.post-gazette.com ) and use it here or at any one of about 30 participating restaurants... just look for whatever restaurant they are featuring with the hot card to get one!" I would give them 5 stars except the service is just so-so and its often wayyy too packed in the bar area (sometime to the point of not being able to get in to pick up your take-out) but other than that I like to call this place the Mario's of Bloomfield." We Love it !!! over and over again.... NEVER a bad experience!! Consistently great food at a fair price.  I suggest the French Dip - a new addition to the already great menu.  but in my opinion there are a bunch of other sweet places to visit in Bloomfield on a night out. The actual bar is unique and actually pretty cool on the inside. I don't know what I would call it  I always appreciate when managers and or employees meet our requests with a friendly attitude and a sense of understanding. Lot 17 worked with us to plan this mixer for our members Bread Pudding by far the Bestest in the Burgh!" The Lot is my spot. Had a party there on Friday night and it was great. We had about 25 people upstairs. John made us fish and a filet and both were really good. We had an open bar for three hours to go along with the food and Lisa waited on us and hustled up and down the stairs all night. All in the total cost was reasonable and we all had a blast. Definitely recommend the lot for your next party of 20 to 25 people. UPDATE: I have had more of their food and it all holds up.  When I'm in the mood for french fries this is where I go.  Their potroast sandwich has become my ultimate go to comfort food and their salmon BLT is just "I came here for the first time Saturday to watch the atrocious pitt vs. UVA football game. We got there early enough to secure Seats at the bar. It got packed quickly once the game started as lot 17 is a true ""pitt"" bar. Service at the bar was very prompt and friendly despite them being very busy. We started off with an order of garlic jerk wings which were very tasty. Not overly spicy or garlicky and cooked perfectly crisp. I later ordered the Rachael with sweet potato fries. My boyfriend ordered the Reuben with Cajun fries.they have several other menu items that looked good: a salmon blt  although I wish the dressing was already inside the wrap because the wrap was packed so tightly it was difficult to get the dressing ratio right in the wrap. The turkey club also had a lot of flavor to it as well and the garlic mayo gave it a nice touch. The salmon BLT was not as good as the ones I have had at Piper's Pub but still adequate. I'm not a huge calamari fan so it was just ok for me. We will for sure be back in the future since this is a gathering place for my boyfriend and some of his friends." "This place is the real stuff. Just moved from portland OR. and its the only place that reminds me of home. Great food  very clean!  Hopefully I get back to the Pittsburgh area again for another visit." "Great food and service all around. Visited from out of town and the bartender gave us great ideas of what to do. The food was awesome. Definitely recommend the short ribs mac & cheese  bacon and chipoltle ranch). The chipotle ranch added just the right amount of kick and I loved that the turkey they used was of the carvery style. I took half of this home and it was good reheated the next day. They also have a new short rib mac and cheese entree and a pretzel crusted salmon dish  try the coconut crusted chicken fingers." Love it and can't wait to go back." "I've been to Lot 17 a few times usually to meet up for drinks with friends and usually in a large group of folks.  Last night I met a friend for a late dinner.  He ordered the calamari and a burger and had a couple of beers and he really enjoyed it; I ordered the Caesar salad with chicken and we shared some sweet potato fries.  I had a glass of red wine but it wasn't very good "I stopped in due to Caliente being overly crowded due to the CBS release.  I ordered the works burger.  I asked for it to be medium and I received a very well done burger.  The Cajun fries were lukewarm in temperature.  The atmosphere and taps were above average.  This is a textbook neighborhood bar.  I would not seek this place out "The service is fantastic and the food is amazing! The daily specials are unique and never disappoint. When I stop in for a drink The best place in Bloomfield! Love the new decor & outdoor seating! Food is to die for...delicious! Highly recommend!! The best place in Bloomfield! Love the new decor & outdoor seating! Food is to die for...delicious! Highly recommend!!  the bartender even went out of his way to use his horseradish for his bloody marys and make me some horsey mayo to dip my fries in." I have been coming here for 11 years. Some things never change and i applaud the consistency. The lot 17 salad and the jerk chicken wings are the best things you will ever eat. I came here as a college student and have come to this place everytime im in town for the salad and the wings. They have been consistently delicious for the past 11 years so this review is way overdue!!!  Its a college bar with outstanding food! Order the jerk wings and the lot 17 salad and be prepared to be blown away! My favorite place in Bloomfield. I will say the bartender that is on matters but get the owner or Pat and this is one of the best bars I've been to in years!  toast and bacon and it was delicious. My boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich (I can't remember the exact name) but he stated it was one of the best breakfast sandwiches he has ever had. The Bloody Marys were also on point! I think we have found our new Sunday morning brunch spot." 7XXmky6YYjsvKFwho_eavg  but that means you need to be at least a little bit nice to your customers. Both the waitress and the bartender were downright hostile. I can't even really review the food  delicious food and huge TVs to watch the game on. I hope to swing by Lot 17 again in the near future! (and THANKS for supporting the animal rescue community!!)" The restaurant itself is smaller and got pretty loud for a random weekday evening. Make sure to bring your butt cushions because those wooden seats can get a tad uncomfortable if you sit there long enough." 7XXmky6YYjsvKFwho_eavg I live in the neighborhood and want to be able to say awesome things about every business here. Just can't do it. Yeah prices are good and food is ok and comes out quick but there's nothing special going on here. Sports Bar in every sense of the phrase from televised sports to the sports fan patrons. Not my scene. From the provolone wedges & marinara to the fish sandwich & burger EVERYTHING was delicious. The service was fantastic.  We'll be back for sure. "I absolutely love this place. The bartenders are super nice Great Beer selection good sandwiches and a basket of popcorn when you sit down. Very reasonable prices.  but I'm not a frequent patron.  If you're in the area grab a bite to eat at restaurant in the same stretch and stop by the Saloon for a drink!" I also wanted to give them a big THANKS to the Saloon. During the big snow snowstorm of 2010  the second you walk through the door it's vaguely sewer-ish. Their roof deck is okay Even something as simple as the buffalo chicken tenders I ordered last time as a fail-safe hope for a meal - after two previous disappointing experiences - scored below-average. The buffalo sauce was almost gritty "Bad food even for a bar and some of the beer prices were a bit much.  This place has a nice layout Great bar menu and beer selection as well.  The wings are the best in town."  a feature most sports bars in this town seem to be lacking. Prices and selection seemed on point and the bartender hooked it up! :) All in all I was super satisfied." Although I don't frequent that often great place outside the city I ordered the buffalo wings -- hot -- and I really liked them. They had good meat on them and the hot sauce had decent flavor to it. Seems like this place puts decent effort into quality food and drink  and Yuengling drafts are less than $3. What more could anyone possibly want?? I have yet to find a Saloon replacement in Chicago where I now live. Every time I come back to Pittsburgh to visit family So the joint looks like it may have seen some better days... if you serve me some bangin' hot wings that are making me dream about them later and a row of around 30+ beers on tap Parking can be a challenge.  I'd also like to mention that this is Mt Lebanon.  The police there WILL ticket you for ANYTHING.  Make sure you are parked in a legal spot.  They'll seriously chalk your tires and time you to see if you leave your car parked too long in a timed spot.  So be mindful of that!"  hoagies and sandwiches to choose from on the menu that range from good to really good. It's bar food not fine dining but its always fun in there and the beer selection and atmosphere rocks!!" There are other great bars in Mt Lebanon that are far more deserving of your money." This place is just okay.  Food isn't that great.  It's kind of dark & dingy.  Lots of TV's though.  I prefer Cain's Saloon...just right down the road. Good beer selection and great additional space when the deck is open. Typical dive and bar food. Crowded on Friday Saturday nights.  they blast a collection of random music that has no flow. The crowd consists mostly of guys in their late 20s who wear beanies and fedoras and like to hunt the crowd in their high school wolf packs and cougars who most likely live in the area."  but I've had good food at several bars before. The service was also overwhelmed and really slow. You would've been better off walking up to the bar and ordering a drink on your own. Needless to say  but smells like an old fraternity house. It has a lot of beers on tap and a great following. I like that it's close to my apartment They lose a star based on the french fries. Over the past year they changed the food menu-- they used to have great beer battered fries but have since gotten rid of them." I met future husband here 12 23 09 at a girls night out when he was out with his buddies celebrating the divorce of his friend. We got married 9 20 14. Great local bar with a great selection of beer on tap. My wife and I normally end up there a couple times a week and always enjoy our visits.  they were interesting.  The ""regular""  sauce had a ton of black pepper and also parmigian cheese.  They were cooked good  but that's about the only positive thing I had to say about this place. I usually dig the sports atmosphere  30 craft beers on draft. Other menu items are solid and the bartenders are friendly and efficient. Even when they get weeded they keep an eye out and know when we need a refill or the check. When not too busy they take the time for small talk and get to know you. We live within walking distance which is a huge plus. More of a younger crowd on Friday Saturday nights but over all "Sit at the bar. They will take good care of you. The waitresses are  nonchalant terrible wait service and the smell of stale beer then head over to this joint.. Two stars because I will say that the manager made a solid attempt at rectifying the poor job of our server." This place has the best draft beer selection by far in Mt. Lebanon and the menu is decent for bar food. Too bad the bartenders are slow and the wait staff are too few.  you know this place is bad news.  When you see positive reviews "Just finished eating at the saloon. We are from out of town so happened to pick it from a list of restaurants provided by our hotel. We found it to be wonderful. Enjoying a Sunday night with football on television  but their draft beer selection is top notch. It's somewhat surprising as this is just a neighborhood bar This place doesn't do it for me at all. I guess if your not cool with the employees you have to wait three weeks for a drink. Two times in this place was one to many for me.  but for bar food...love it.  Always a good selection of craft beer on draft!  Would highly recommend.  Just wish there was a pool table ...but not enough room.  :("  but I think it would be a cool place to hang with the gang to watch a game or chill after a long day at work." I ordered what was described as a vegetarian sandwich "This place is two separate businesses. One is a retail shop which is very nice and typical cigar store. Many varieties. The other part is a cigar bar which serves alcohol and snack food. Nice area but small. When its crowded "At the pub restaurant side I had a very bad experience If you can't stand the smoke or the smell - then this is not the place for you."  and in fact a customer ordered Chinese food on his cell phone to be delivered to the pub so that he  could eat dinner. The barmaid sat at the bar the whole time I was there...smoking and chatting up her buds. Avoid at all cost. Had to ask for a drink each time  2 there prices are awful. There are several other places a cigar smoker can go with much better service and prices. Smoke cigar lounge in collier "Closed down as of last Saturday...  Sad to see it go.  I don't live very close to here but this was my 'go-to' spot every 2-3 weeks when my wife was getting her nails done at South Hills Villiage.  Friendly staff Closed down as of last Saturday...  Sad to see it go.  Even their Website & Facebook pages say they are closed. I saw this coming in 2005." This place is back open!!! According to the website it looks like it was bought by Puff-N-Stuff "This little gem has kicked it up 1000% since the new owners took over and got rid of the God awful smoking. The craft beer selection is awesome. Great atmosphere and very cozy. Will be nice when they are able to serve a little food  and even board games. Haven't been there when it's busy so service was always top notch."  and the pool table in the back. I played a quick game of pool while polishing off a Nitro Mojo IPA. I'm sorry I couldn't stay longer  but don't want the hectic atmosphere of Cain's then the Korner Pub has that.  It is dark mugOAOmylJu5p85Jz_zqOQ   this is a great place. Good beer at the most reasonable price ive seen. Its laid back and welcoming. The only reason i didnt not give it 5 stars is because the lack of parking but it truly is one of my favorite places to have a drink." Nice local pub.  Younger crowd when I was there.  Decent selection of beer-to-go.  and that was much better than I expected. Atmosphere and service are o.k. Best on a Thursday night  salads and the best patio in Pittsburgh.  I am especially grateful that it is open again after the fire last summer.  If you can't sit outside  awesome patio. The absolute best people-watching and drinks spot in the city. Glad to have you back I actually don't even remotely hate this place. It's a fun place to be." And you have to give this bar credit for using a flame-logo after having burnt down 3 times."  and was friendly enough to chat with us for a few minutes each time she came by.  The burger I ordered was about two inches thick and very tasty.  Our shared pierogies and hummus with pita vanished within minutes."  hoping we could pull off a memorable bacon-y Pittsburgh experience. Though I'm told others have had better luck our server was forgetful and many jokes were made to explain time and time again why no bacon had appeared. I'd say skip the bacon night. Other wise the turkey burger I had was affordable and tasty with a salad on the side. I had an organic Oatmeal ale that I would recommend. The menu was humorous and others at my table were also pleased with their food. It's a step up from standard bar food and not greasy which is a +. The interior was dark- too dark for my tastes unless your on a date and after that mood. Outside was nice- they ran out of seating shortly after we arrived and several people stood around us  you know the type... she is doing you a favor by taking your order.  I had the pierogies appetizer which was flavorless potato filling served in a overcooked pasta shell served in vegetable oil with maybe one or two slices of onions.  Come on!  This is Pittsburgh. You should be ashamed.  Then another server brought my burger and I made the unforgivable mistake of asking her to grab me another beer.  Sorry  I'd come back if I was looking for a date place to have a light dinner or a place to chill with some close friends." 3 stars for Harris Grill. I would definitely recommend this place when you just want to go out on a casual fun night with friends. You can grab a drink Sunday brunch is also designed to cure the common hangover see you again in '09 harris grill!"  they have a great selection of beers and a nice atmosphere. My most recent experience here was a three-starrer though- we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for 6 and were seated at a table for 4 with 2 chairs on one end (it was new year's day at 8pm  because it's just too damn expensive.  $6 beers?  $6 for 6 wings?  Why do hipsters like overpaying for things?  I don't know  Harris is a good choice - if you don't mind waiting." Overall I love this place and I don't think the drinks are more expensive than most of the other places on Ellsworth - half price frozen cosmos are definitely worth it.  Service is also usually great."  we still hadn't seen Amanda (our waitress for those paying attention).  An hour went by and we had had enough. I really couldn't believe this.  Not only did we not have our food I will always stay an advocate of Harris.  It is a happy place for me!" The service and waiting time for a seat can be a serious drawback. Some of the wait staff are great  they were also offering a new cocktail on special.  It consisted of fresh muddled watermelon.  There were even seeds in the glass!  It was tasty and novel I'm also a big fan of their food; most notable the buffalo chicken dip which has a really strong You need no other motivation to go to Harris' (although It's definitely a place worth checking out (you guys be sure to take a stop in the bathroom while you're there... I hear they have a very interesting urinal)  this very pink booze slushie is amazing. Go with a big group and ask for the lounge upstairs or a window booth. Service is usually either chipper and delightful or just barely okay. We don't come here for the service or the dim lights - we go for a good meal and you should too."  and the bar and restaurant are good places for cheap food on colder winter nights." I definitely recommend giving this place a try.  As other reviewers said (March 10th Bells Brewery will be there)"  but stick to the drinks or wings.  It's a fun place with a great atmosphere and happy hour.  Prices are moderate and pretty standard for Shadyside."  i had about 4 bloody marys during the hour wait for my table so I was full anyway."  or couches if you prefer to lounge around.  The lighting is dim but warm.  Music is contemporary and lively.  It's a great place for young people."  I would never go back again if it wasn't for the fact that I have a gift certificate. The only things Harris has going for it right now are its patios  the Harris Grill is a fantastic place to spend an evening eating and imbibing.  The patio is seasonally quite comfortable  I'm told the urinals in the men's room are ""interesting.""" "For a summer chill-out spot in Shadyside--especially during happy hour--I don't think it gets better than Harris Grill. Patio seating and half-price drafts: yes please. The menus for beer and food are both varied and interesting I personally did not like the waiters as they are a bit pushy with trying to get you to order more drinks food. Their selection of beer seems pretty cool Forgo the thought you'll park close to Harris...it's tucked in a great neighborhood...embrace the walk. Embrace the heat of the wings. Embrace what local joints in Pittsburgh have to offer."  I really like the vibe of this place.  It's totally unpretentious although it's in a very prententious part of the city.  The crowd is usually laid back and it's a great place to hang out with some friends  but the beer selection was awesome.  There were several Belgium beers and our waitress was very good at suggesting some very good beers that I have not had before." "My go to spot when I just want to relax with some friends.  Great drinks and craft beer selection is coupled with very good food.  Make sure to checkout the lounge upstairs during those cold winter months.  During the summer grab a seat on either the front patio for people watching Would I go back again? Only because I live nearby."  just hope you get a good server." Downsides: waiting for outdoor seating; smokers outside" rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA "It's a good thing Harris Grill has good beer and Bacon Night since otherwise you wouldn't have anything to occupy you for the 45 minutes to an hour it takes to get food on your table from the point in time that you order.  FYI - definitely order that last round of drinks (plus an additional one) as you ask for your bill since the poor service doesn't stop when the food actually gets to your table.  I wrote HG off the first time I went there The menu and attitude of the place is witty and fun  it certainly has one of the widest & best beer selections in the city. I've also heard tell that the frozen cosmos are quite good." Overall: Might go go back and not get a salad.  The beer selection looked promising." rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA I'm eagerly awaiting it's spring and summer enviornment so I can give a well rouneded Maybe it was because it was a busy Saturday night that I was disappointed. I was expecting some high class bar food at this spot. The common theme of the meal was that although the dishes were competently executed I have had a hard time since moving to the east side of the country to find a brunch that is worth talking about. Harris Grill does brunch and spicy bloody marys right. The service during Sunday Brunch can be a bit slow..but aren't we all after a good night out?" rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA I'm already looking forward to my next trip to Harris Grill!!"  eating amazing hummus and drinking beers and cocktails.  We won't be back again (at least) until the end of June Next time I visit Pittsburgh I will do brunch there with friends  i've also come here with a posse of dudes and not to mention on suit night with my best guy friend.. its always a good time.  i love dining here esp when its warm out so my friends n i can chill on the deck n drink to the moon and stars"  little place with outside seating. We sat at the bar. Got great service!" And the best part about Harris Grill?  You can hang out there without any of the Shadyside rubbing off on you.  So go forth  where it's free. The menu is hysterical and will make you laugh all the way through and the drinks are delicious. Definitely a must for anyone who's never been. You'll just want to keep coming back" "No complaints about this place. I tend to gravitate towards this place mid afternoon with my laptop...love the vibe here. Outdoor patio or And they're open late (1:30) which is a huge plus for Pittsburgh. Definitely think I'll spend some more time there." To eat I had the pulled pork sandwhich and a side of mac n cheese. The flavor of the pulled pork was good and the pasta was delish. I will say the pork had some fatty bites that I didn't care for. All in all when the start of  a dining experience starts the way ours did it can be salvaged with the right customer care. Ours wasn't plain and simple."  but won't be back to harris grill"  I'm not one to ever order anything that doesn't have meat in it. But I would truly go back to Harris Grill JUST FOR THE EGGPLANT LASAGNA. The eggplant was breaded and fried and layered with pesto Yeesh. Too bad I wasn't as cute as one of those girls at the end of the bar."  nice music and fun & tasty menu items! I love it here."  I became knowns as a mojito abuser overnight because of this place They'll have to knock their game up several notches to achieve the potential contained in their great ideas." they also have some pretty good cocktails and a lot of choices in the alcohol department. again  love that they integrate local ingredients.  Lunch menu affordable." "Great place to be at on Friday or Saturday nights. The patio outside is sweet. They also have a ""patio"" in the back  Pussycat"" on the jukebox 10 times in a row and made a lot of people laugh hysterically!" This is my favorite bar in Pittsburgh and I hope you check it out if you havne't yet.  Wait for the patio Great drinks (frozen cosmos!!) but the food and service leaves something to be desired. Try the Sunday brunch!  feels intimate and kind of dark and cozy. And I especially like the big booths right in front of the giant window overlooking Walnut Street "A pleasant enough little place for ""Hipster Yinzers"" to engage in those unique conversations where everyone talks simultaneously and loudly and no one is heard. The fare is somewhat overpriced for minuscule drinks 2 Patios-front and back"  so possibly not the best place for people who are hard of hearing." You wouldn't bring someone's dessert out with their meal The first quenching sip of that half-price RASPBERRY COSMO and I was sold!  Add on some true ""Pittsburgh"" food (I'm talking about putting fries in a salad There are plenty of other bar restaurant destinations in Pittsburgh that can deliver and execute the same idea in a much better way. Avoid Harris Grill."  the food is relatively well-priced and the location is great (if you can find parking). I recommend going elsewhere though because it just isn't worth being treated so poorly by the staff. Management should take note."  and the drinks are pleantiful.  My only word of caution:  if you're on a budget and a bender  my friends love Harris Grill and I love my friends.  I just sincerely hope they hire more competent waitstaff.  Revising their menu wouldn't be a bad idea  came by and took care of it for us without our asking. So either they've been reading the Yelp reviews about service or we were there on a good night."  it is probably a 3.5. They have a stellar frozen cosmo but the rest of the drink menu is just okay. Their food menu is a hit or miss. Their turkey burger and mac'n'cheese are great but the rest is probably just okay. Their desserts are unimpressive and it is hard to underwhelm me when it comes to sugar. So I would say  and three different people checked up on me after the incident with my sandwich My only complaint is that they don't show how much the food would have cost without the discounts on the receipt "I had a great time.  great food and cocktails.  exciting ambiance The most recent and I promise the last time I will ever go to the Harris Grill was a Sunday for brunch.  Again a 30min wait for a party of 3 to be seated.  I understand that - its Sunday - its Brunch - lots of places have a wait.  But again we watched table after table go empty and stay dirty.  Finally seated it again took 20 minutes to get our drinks - orange juice. And then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages.  The third took another 10 minutes.  Seriously??  Our food took an hour. SERIOUSLY OVERPRICED!!  Several items on the menu were out.  (We arrived at noon for a brunch that was supposed to last from 10-2pm).  The menu was prix fixed at $14.  $14 for two pieces of French toast with disgusted  and served in decent-sized portions. I would come here again although there are certainly better venues for brunch in the city."  chipotle mayo on ciabatta?? Two of my favorite things."  and the bartender didn't give us an attitude for trying to hurry up and order apps and beers before happy hour ended!  That started the night off good.  Our eggplant lasagna was TO DIE FOR Their beer list is great and their other mixed drinks are really interesting combinations." "Disclaimer: This review is only for their Sunday brunch. Wasn't impressed by their Sunday brunch. Didn't like the presentation of the buffet. It was in a small area and felt kind of cramped. The salad was made with iceberg lettuce and didn't look appetizing. My friends ordered orange juice and each glass was filled to the brim with large pieces of ice I tried the pasta once and it was tasteless." ""PS"" I did not expect the salad to be huge or grand but decent and somewhat hearty I am sorry i don't go to Pittsburgh as often for work cause this place was a gem!"  but maybe I've just dined here too often?  I don't know.  I just havent had my mind blown here in awhile." "Best gem in Shadyside. The drinks! The food! All consistently great. Servers are friendly and very funny. Always leave with a smile on my face Parking:  I live in the Los Angeles area where parking issues are a way of life but Shadyside parking is unbelievably complicated.  (or I just don't know the insider tricks just yet)  Unless I lived in the area or there was relatively easy public transport to this otherwise very charming neighborhood "The vibe here is great. The servers et cetera have great energy and are the kind of people I'd like to invite to sit down and share dinner with them. I have only been there twice. I had the Henny Penny twice and it was a very different sandwich on each visit. The first time it was over-spiced. It was dry and I'd swear it had no cheese. The second time I had the jerk Mac and cheese and it was spicy... I have nothing else to add about that.  I also had the frozen Cosmo (which the bartender tells me they are famous for). It was ok - if you like frozen drinks.  The wait staff however was original with their loud talk about personal hygiene... The happy hour specials were a great deal and the staff was really nice. Also love that the patio is in the shade all afternoon evening. Great summer spot." Beers also aren't overpriced. WIN." Next time I visit Pittsburgh; I'm definitely stopping in again.  Probably one of the most memorable dinners out in a while!  Thank you."  with attention at the right moments and minimal interruptions. A great level of service for enjoying a few drinks. The food is by all appearances standard bar fare but who cares; the lord didn't give me a liver for eating. A very enjoyable bar and outdoor seating arrangement. Although I did not probe the wine selection Very good short rib tacos. Long wait for food though. Their mixed drinks though are sub par. Even their famous frozen cocktail is not as good as I thought they'd be. Stick with appetizers and beer!" I wish all brunch buffets were like this. It is a tiny bit cramped when there are several people loading up plates rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA "I don't understand why this place is so popular.  I've been there 4 times and each time the food was pretty gross.  Most recently rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA  I'm a big Harris Grill fan and will be back again - just not for brunch." "I wish I could give this 4 stars as Harris Grill is one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh but the past two times I have been for brunch it has been less than par.  Many things went wrong during my most recent brunch experience which include them running out of plates for the buffet and not being able to replenish the food fast enough.  Once you waited for the food to be replenished (about 10-15 minutes) it was just average. The buffet had an omelet station Love the outdoor patio and the happy hour rocks!"  I wrote this review to call attention to a business practice which seems mutually detrimental to both the restaurant and the customer.  I don't hold grudges and I'm willing to treat the experience as a one-off." This is the perfect place to go with friends. Go in the spring best freaking restaurant and bar. all the food is amazing. all the drinks are amazing. all the staff are amazing. very knowledgeable too. I have a love hate relationship with their craft beer selection.  I love it because it's a nicely curated selection and there's always something I want to try.  I hate it because the beer I want is often kicked.  In fact  but ok.  We all agreed that we'd like to go back and try out a few other menu items.  Especially in the summer Great cocktails and atmosphere for a night with friends or hear downstairs for the bar atmosphere  it's fun to try your luck landing a table on the patio. Service can occasionally be slow outside and it almost always gets crowded Different flavors hitting my palate at just the right time made for a great night here.  I will definitely keep this on my short list when I need to calm myself after a hectic day at work."  especially after a couple of drinks. The bartenders are great (except for a douchebag that I believe has recently left). Harris boasts maybe the best brunch with amazing mimosas along with the buffet. In the summer months there is a chef that makes your omelettes however you want them right in front of you. Try the frozen cozmos- I have had some crazy nights off of those."  and relaxed. Service from Byron behind the bar was attentive without being overbearing. Nice people." It's a bar; it's a good bar--if you're looking for life changing event I would recommend staying home and punching yourself in the face if i were choosing a bar on elsworth for a pretty good time and more relaxed atmosphere I would go here. beer snobs Sitting outside eating the Mac Cheese + Chili + Pulled pork and drinking one of their many delish bourbon drinks I could not be any happier. good job Harris. Make sure to spend some time with the menu. It's a riot. Brilliant!" "This is a great place to go to during the summer time. I love sitting out on the patio. I got the chicken sandwich and my friend got the Pittsburgh salad. I would totally recommend getting any of the salads. The steak salad looked amazing (the people next to us got it) and the Pittsburgh salad tasted delicious. My sandwich was fine BTW it gets mega packed on the weekends. Prepare to wait (and maybe sample the drink menu)."  then the Harris and Shiloh grills are for you. Open for lunch now at 11:31 am. I removed a star because I had to circle the bar three times before I could park my car." Already went back within a week of my first visit to get another one of those white Russians - awesome!!!"  or come on a Sunday morning for their brunch (which is also nice)."  and lots of unique cocktails. The patio is very pleasant in the summer."  I have nothing but great things to say. The menu is hilariously superb and the bar items are excellent. I get the Ceaser salad frequently and also the macaroni and cheese and it is always top of the line. The ""f-bomb"" martini will satisfy any taste buds as it is always done right. The arugula steak salad is always a great choice and I could go on! Also be sure to visit its sister restaurant Shiloh on Mount Washington!" The menu is a little creative but has mostly basic bar food. If salad is your thing you must get the one with beets and goat cheese."  but service is not the greatest out there. Not a bad place but service could be better" Aside from the great food and drinks they are welcoming to all. My only complaint is the crowd. Maybe because it was a Friday night? Maybe because it was during the Pride Pub Crawl? I don't know... I just don't do well with screaming and obnoxious people as I'm trying to eat my sandwich and have a conversation with my friend. We were even upstairs and away from the bar. It's all whatever  I found one entire cigaret in the salad. CIGARET!!!! I have no idea how a cigaret can be in the salad. IT IS JUST DISGUSTING. We left without having the resting of the food." Tellem HITTofMCM sent ya!"  I will definitely be hitting this place up again. I just need to see where I can purchase one of those additional stomachs and an extra-stretchy pair of pajama jeans." PS. Tuesday is bacon night aka free bacon!" This place is awesome! Loved the outdoor patio and bacon night was on point! Also our server Paul was absolutely fantastic! Seriously such a nice guy! Definitely coming back! "Bacon night was fabulous. I will be back for more. Also we had great service with Paul the service guy  I really like their Sunday brunch menu.  If you are under 35 and are looking for a cool place to relax and grab a few drinks with friends this is it."  so I decided to head over to Harris Grill for a bite to eat on their deck. I ordered a glass of Merlot ($6) and their new roasted vegetable salad served with a side of fig dressing. For some reason or another  hipster place! The paintings on the walls have nuns and monks drinking and have a very artistic and fun vibe amongst the random gargoyle statues beside them! The menu is fun and is presented in a very comedic tone. They have an appetizer called ""Britney Spears"" rgmptwPbBH1wLpiBHcbIhA I didn't think the brunch selection was that great. The area where the buffet was located ended up being really cramped with everyone standing in line for their food."  try to go a little before 6:30pm to enjoy the last of their happy hour specials right before they start serving bacon. They have a nice selection of beer along with an extensive seasonal cocktail list (definitely recommend trying the frozen cosmo!) and a wide variety of wines. I enjoy coming here when the weather is nice and sitting out on their front patio.  I have only been here for happy hour and bacon night and have had the Spinach dip and Buffalo chicken dip. Both are great to snack on while drinking with friends.  Fun place to get together with friends for drinks and a few laughs."  I'd do it at least once a month or more.  The menu is diverse (and funny).  The service is timely and I saw a manager deal with a couple 'difficult' customers in a way that I'd want my manager to treat any customer.  Pittsburgh's lucky to have this place.  When we're back in town  based on reports from friends and the owner's comment (see below).  I'll have to come back another time to resample it--if I do No complaints here. I hope to come back with a smaller crowd." Great brunch deal! There will be a line if you arrive later than 11 am on Sunday because a 15-bucks buffet that has tons of wonderful food and one free coffee or juice or Bloody Mary just sounds so damn good! I love their waffles and egg Benny! But the dinner is just ok. That's why I only give a three to this one. Slightly expensive for what it was but whatevs."  two scoops of vanilla ice cream with a raspberry sauce (maybe chocolate sauce as well).. complete with whip cream. I loved it and i don't even care if you judge me for the calorie intake that i took in at this restaurant. I have full intentions on heading back before November is over to enjoy that dessert again!" Sometimes the drinks are better than others. I have ordered the same manhattan and the same bloody mary on different nights "I came here with a few friends today for a late lunch after a race. The service was quick and very friendly.  We ordered Totchos (tater tot nachos) to start and they were delicious! The buffalo chicken dip disappeared within minutes as it was better than any buffallo chicken dip any of us have had at a restaurant.  The seasonal cocktail menu was also great- I had the rum spiced cider and a pumpkin pie cocktail.  To top it off  a caouple of times. Harris Grill used to make awesome food an year ago..now its just boiled vegetablea..steak cut out for you..who would want that!!!!"  my service has always been great here. It can get quite busy and snotty at times from the customers who feel entitled to their neighborhood and the hosts hostesses take the brunt of that. They are really accommodating and very diplomatic dealing with the shittiness of some of the customers. That cannot be easy! Bartenders and servers have always been on top of service even during the busiest of nights."  many more summer evenings here whiling away the hours with great friends."  I mean maybe .. .. But overall it's always good. They always have living socials and groupons too!" "I have been here many many times and overall my experience is very good.  They have a good selection of drinks and decent food.  They mac-n-cheese dishes are delicious and so are their burgers (my favorite used to be their sliders but unfortunately they removed them from their recent menu). The ambiance is also great for both winter and summer (they have outdoor patios)  and there is some interesting religious art work on the walls." I had the Jamaican chicken mac special (the dish may have actually been titled ""Imagine the Rastabilities"").  The serving was huge  hangout and catch up with friends. The menu is funky and fun to read. Make sure you ask your waitress waiter if you have any questions about the food so you don't have any surprises when the food comes. The Mac and cheese is awesome!" So maybe Harris Grill will get another chance after it redeemed itself yesterday. All I have to remember is to not order a salad."  one of the best Shadyside happy hour spots. I'm already looking forward to spring so that I can sip some cosmos and unwind outside!"  drafts are half off from 4:30-6:30 every week day. I could see myself rotating between here and Mad Med for happy hour."  considering we are even greedier with our beers than we are with our bacon. Make sure to tip well and come often."  I'd be remiss if I didn't comment on the atmosphere. There's seating out doors for the warmer months. The building looks like it was a house at one time that got converted into a bar restaurant. There's an elegant staircase heading to the second floor Service was about what I'd expect for a place like this--not super attentive I'll be back next Tuesday  their prices. They are pretty expensive. I recently got my standard pierogies-and-mac meal for take out after not having visited for awhile "Went there with a Groupon; would've gladly paid full price. Hadn't been there in thirty years. Outstanding service Harris Grill is a fantastic place that gives you a well-proportioned and flavorful meal. I highly recommend going here if you need a burger fix or you need a place to enjoy with your close friends." Great ambience and good food! Got their spinach dip and lasagna aubergine. Both of those were amazing!  unquote ""chic"" neighborhood decides to do a remix of their space and menu.  That has been the death knell of many established restaurants. (I miss Eddie's Restaurant in the Hill District for a good old-fashioned soul food breakfast.  However One negative: sometimes the wait staff can be a bit on the slow side in following up after food is delivered. One time(not this past visit  they just put it on top.  So basically it was lobster mac and cheese with some bacon strips on top.  I was expecting either bacon bits mixed with everything or even bacon strips submerged in the cheese.  Nonetheless "Came here with a friend the other night for food and drinks. Had the pork sandwich and it was so-so. My friend had the jerk chicken mac and cheese and it was amazing. If I ever come back that's definitely what I'll get. Our server was a little wishy-washy and seemed like he was having a bad night. Overall Just be careful at the bar. The drinks are good but they can be very strong....the bartenders have a little bit of a heavy hand! I tend to order things that are bottled so as to avoid this. That being said  we were stuffed and very satisfied. I didn't think I could love Harris Grill more than I already did Excellent bar service and a few great dishes make this place one of my local favs!  Jerk Mac and cheese knows few rivals "Ask for Justin on the back porch. He's amazing. He knows his beer and has a really dry sense of humour  pierogies and sauteed veggies.  Wasn't a huge fan of the frozen cosmo (too bitter for me) but we enjoyed the atmosphere!"  which includes your first drink. (I recommend the frozen mimosa!) The buffet had a solid variety of quality eats - chicken & waffles (together or separate) Clean it up Harris Grill and I'll be back!" "Brunch on the patio with a complimentary bloody (or frozen mimosa)! All you can eat  I found the menu to be very irritating. Having ""cutesy"" names for all of the items on the menu made for a long ordering time because I had to read descriptions of each items as opposed to taking a quick glance at things with the fear that I may miss something that I would have preferred to order. Our server A neat place to keep in mind if you are in the neighborhood. I had no wait for a table for 4 on a holiday weekend." My favorite food - Mac and cheese with jerk chicken. It's good!!!" Given it's proximity to our apartment and our really nice experience  I would have just left after his opening line of telling us everything that wasn't available that night on menu (99% of the menu) in lightning speed. Totally stressful. UGH. Horrible experience. Salmon salad was not good at all. Will not be going back ever."  he had a steak sandwich that he loved and I had a unique strip steak over mac and cheese. The decor is a mix of grill and grunge with the right amount of humor. Definitely a step above in terms of feel "What a cool place. We were having a bad night out for food. One place packed one place blaaaaa. We walked out of place two. That's when we went to Shadyside and went to The Harris Grill. We have seen it before but never have gone and I'm not sure what we waited. Cool place great atmosphere and the food was top notch. My wife went with the steak salad with the steak RARE and they hit the mark. I had a sample and it was great. Me I opted for the vegetarian zucchini pasta dish. It was awesome. Zucchini Harris Grill is very yummy. I frequented there for awhile! The menu will make you laugh and the options are pretty good. Typical bar food and REALLY good Mac and cheese. Best for late night and dinner. I was not impressed by the brunch buffet and they don't serve lunch. Would only go for dinner.  this is where I met my fianc!  I also like their frozen cosmos... They're delicious!" "Went for lunch. Really fantastic service. Good menu options. Food was okay. Okay  but a really trendy place in a cute part of the city. The mac and cheese and desserts are incredible. Its dark inside but the unique food makes up for it!"  I was pleased with my meal and with the amount I owed once I got my receipt. I'm really going to have to come here on Tuesday to experience bacon night. I hear it's a good time." Dislikes include the long waits 000 of my questions! Thx for patience and information!   Tuesday is Bacon Night!  Free bacon at bar after 630!  Happy Hour (430-630) is throughout the 2 story restaurant including  $5 apps (Dry-Rub Bacon Wings are fantastic as well as calamari ) and half price frozen Cosmos!  Yum! Menu is fun to read!  Here on business but if ever back in town Parking can be challenging on Ellsworth so be prepared to walk a bit."  but is a hard place to converse due to the only seats facing one direction (instead of facing each other.)"  The buffet always kept with a decent amount of everything so we didn't have to wait at all. Everything that I had was of decent quality and for the price I really can't complain! Needless to say I've been here four times now and have yet to be disappointed. The servers I've had have been very knowledgable of the (very entertaining and unique) menu and specials offered at the time. The atmosphere is very relaxed and comfortable without being too loud. An upstairs lounge area is great for relaxing nights out with a few friends. The food is delicious (highly recommend the Mac and cheese). Always a great experience!  it's a diverse menu which makes it easy to dine there with a large group of friends or family because of the variety.  They also have a full bar and a great selection of beers and wine available.  The atmosphere is casual and laid back and I've been there for work events on a few occasions and we've always been pleased.  I will definitely be back!"  but the Mac & Cheese is so good that I don't know if I can ever visit Harris without getting some. It is SO creamy and cheesy and they will make it custom with pretty much whatever you want. Onions? Mushrooms? Fried Egg? Tator tots? Yes. Please go get some." "My 1 star is as misleading as their drink menu. Who the fuck has a table of contents on their drink menu. I instantly saw ""Grill cocktails.........4"" and so I ordered a cocktail. I get my bill The food was really terrible..I ordered the well done rising titanic burger.... after almost 45 mins they came with a pink burger....after I complained they bring a bacon burger instead with over coocked side vegetables! "Amazing experience! I travel to a lot of countries and states for work so I eat out and Stay in plenty of towns and cities we were in town from the Cleveland area for a mini vacation! This has been by far one of the best dining and bar experiences I've had! Took my girlfriend here for her 31st birthday! She went to The college nearby and said I wouldn't be disappointed! She was absolutely right! The food was superb and even though we had to wait 45 mins for a table it worked out And was Worth it  from said skeptic mama to my 86-year-old grandfather. The service is excellent and the ambiance welcoming. Harris  Harris Grill is the place to be. I was not hungover but still enjoyed the complimentary mimosa. Any of their options would have been great but I ended up having the mini chicken sandwiches. I was able to enjoy my food and catch up with old friends without having to shout. Affordable and yummy food makes Harris Grlll a go-to place for brunch." Have been here a couple times for brunch in the last few months. Great food and love that the brunch comes with a drink! Will keep coming back. "The Harris Grill has remained one of my favorite places to eat in the Pittsburgh area for years. The food is amazing My family was in town visiting and we wanted to stop and relax for some brunch before they hit the road. I can not say enough about our waiter! He did so great with my two year old niece and my sister (who was a server herself) said it was the best treatment she's had with a two year old in a very long time. Thank you for all being so considerate. The food was awesome and we will definitely be back!  they have above average food at a reasonable price.  A few of the negatives are the limited bar seating which often fills up at busy times  but I keep returning because the staff is wonderful and the food and the drinks are fantastic!! Definitely a good place to go if you want to make friends and eat fresh comfort food. I am addicted to their frozen mimosas." FLAWLESS & WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK."  and it has been over a year since we've been here.  But as always we've been very pleased with our meals and the waitstaff at this location." Good food great atmosphere nice dining room great outdoor seating cool bar friendly staff cold beer nice variety of mixed drinks specially drinks BOOM!!! "My cousin recommended this place. It had a nice ambiance and a cool decor. I ordered the seafood macaroni and cheese. It was excellent! I would personally prefer more seafood If you're looking for a fun and hip-but-not-very-hipster new American joint  and said that was some of the best vegetarian chili he's had before (he ate the whole thing in 6 bites)." Ordered food through GrubHub on a particularly-cold day and it arrived hot delicious! Ordered a bowl--pierogies are out-of-this-world and the tofu had a bit of a spice to it. Grilled veggies were nice. Never been to Harris Grill even though I'm in their 'hood but will def frequent it from now on!  and he still really enjoyed his burger.  I definitely give their menu credit for being so creative (both with dishes and names of the dishes). I have dined here twice before and also had very good experiences both times. I will definitely be back!" cocktails - Moscow mule was good and Happy Ending was Fantastic!! - highlight of my day."  it was difficult to shake the grime and distinct sense of dinginess. Thankfully their grub redeemed the experience though the draft list left some room for improvement. Next time? Patio only fo sho!" Great salads and so much more to choose from. Menu offers so many fun choices. Nice place for Sunday brunch." Love this place and the staff. Recommend the calamari as a starter! And then try everything else. Lol  I found this place really not worth the price. My husband and I got a bacon cheese burger and a pork sandwich.  The burger was ok. We asked for medium rare but it was medium cooked. The sandwich and grilled vegetables sides were very salty and dry." So I might not be the target audience.  This is my friend's favorite bar.  I am not sure why.  The frat-boy like atmosphere may be it vSZDiKiF8vf9zt_BcDL7GQ The guy didn't even apologize for the website - it's called false advertising First and foremost. This is the worst lay out ever for a bar. You walk up stairs into a crowded mess because there is about 3 feet of walking room. Pricing is horrendous for beers. Food is ok. Thats all i got. Not too bad during the week. Weekend: dont bother. The outdoor patio bar is a nice touch in Summer." I'm personally in bed by 10.  I do like the ""south jersey cheese steak"" an awful lot."  enjoy the atmosphere.  I sat at the bar in between a homeless Vietnam Vet (who counted out the 40 cent wings bill in change) and two Chinese engineers working on some big project for Carnegie Mellon  eating wings and watching footbal couldn't be any better. I always stop by here whenever I travel back to Pittsburgh and I love it."  sandwich and some wings.  Many customers know each other and were very friendly.  So was the staff.  Ran into someone I work with.  Holy Cow!  Wings were pretty good. Had a sausage hoagie and it was good.  Beer is pretty cheap.   Daily specials on food and beer."  but today thus music was the nastiest hardcore rap that was just offensive. How many F-bombs can you realistically listen to while eating lunch and watching sports. Dropped 2 stars from what I would last night whenit used to be my favorite place in shadyside." vSZDiKiF8vf9zt_BcDL7GQ The waitress told us we had to leave our table right after we paid our bill (and tipped her generously) just because we hadn't ordered another drink. I have never been treated so rudely by a waitstaff before in my life.  but yesterday they did let me bring in a bowl of pho and eat it while all my other friends ordered wings and beer I would say this is a good bar to go with a large drunk group Even after bad experiences here I will still always come back for that."  this is a great sports bar. Too many TV's to count "Review base on wings n beer! Been here a couple of times now. I always seem to come when they have wings on special. Which works out great for me because I love wings  will try next time. Went there two days in a roll for drinks. Like the patio because it' s nice weather." Great beer and food specials.  They had the Michigan game on too!  I only stick with the wings as it's definitely just bar food!" "Went in there with friends knowing ""friends"" but everyone was rude. Unless you're a local don't go in there. They treat you like garbage I absolutely love William Penn Tavern. My favorite spot is the outdoor bar mainly because the inside is very crowded. The bar tenders are so friendly and the drinks are strong. This is a go-to spot for me in Shady Side!  but the bad hip-hop was too loud to be worth staying for more than one glass" "Wednesday night is wing night.  So I had to go with the Yuengling and wings.  Not terribly crowded or loud as others indicated.    Attentive service sitting in bar area.  Slightly limited menu "If you are looking for a good place to catch a game and have some pub food and drinks with a Pittsburgh flavor If you're drunk get the kitchen sink wings and mac & cheese bites! Their fried zucchini is pretty good too :) Bonus points for service and longevity" My only complaint is how crowded it can get... To the point where you can't move but I guess that means it's a popular place. They have an outdoor patio in the back"  but I'll submit that when an occasion calls for multiple screens of sports  I'd recommend a stop-in sometime to see if the place and vibe tickle your fancy." Bombbbbbbbbb A wings.  Cheap and tasty how we like it. Nice bartenders and speedy service. Decent beer specials. Only thing it's missing is a pinball machine.  Definitely will make this a regular spot! Even if you're just visiting the area "Typical sports bar with great wings! Kitchen Sink Wings were $.50 each the night we went. The fried zucchini was great as well (more breading then zucchini "Those stars are for the wings! If your not ordering wings don't come. I haven't tried everything on the menu buttttttt the nachos are skimpy and salty and those Mac and cheese bites are nothing but Kraft boxed Mac and cheese Oh and it's also the go-to bar for CMU students so if you're into that...."  the music here is so good that it makes my friends and I dance each time we come here. A place that allows some dancing is an automatic 5-star bar. In addition though Gets crowded with some college students and some older folks as well - might be difficult to get a table. However Highly recommend their wings - completely addictive.  Special house sauce all the way! No doubt about it.  Relax and enjoy." "I agree with others who have mentioned the kitchen sink wings.  They are really good and I would keep coming back for them alone.  They have a nice tv set up and always have the games on.  Beer selection could be better While I would certainly like to explore more of the menu and drinks offered in the main bar "Wings are perfect. Medium sized and crispy. Sauces are pretty good: Ranch: typical restaurant ranch  but cheap prices. Loud to begin with and louder still with music at an irritating decibel level. The patio is a small sticky slab of concrete. I made the mistake of coming on a Saturday evening  try not to get into a fight to spill a perfectly good full glass of Vodka Redbull and almost take out my chair and you should be good to go. Keep it up!"  the nicest staff in the city ... bar none!! Try the wings for sure ... always a great choice. But look at the specials board for inventive alternatives to the regular fare. A neighborhood classic!" "This is my go-to spot on nights when the wings are only 50 cents. You really can't beat Will Penn when it comes to wings and a great sports environment. It's a bit grungy since it's also a bar that's frequented by tons of college kids Great local bar. Phenomenal wings and beer specials. Great staff and a must visit for local tourist. Now what is in that kitchen sink sauce?! I've got it narrowed down to garlic  as absolutely every television was occupied with the same game.  (I then had to drive down to the waterfront to Dave&Busters to see the game My favorite college bar with delicious bar food.  The kitchen sink wings are a must - if you don't like wings you can get the kitchen sink chicken tender wrap which is amazing.  I love their mac n' cheese bites.  My go to drink was a john daly's which they make wonderfully.  The bartender's are nice - but be prepared for crazyness on the weekends! This is probably one of the most popular bars in Shadyside and gets nuts after 11pm.  worth every darn moment. We got the pulled pork and slaw plus the buffalo chicken wrap and fries. The food was astounding. The cook placed a little bit of his soul in that food. I have been so used to lack of caring of what comes out of most kitchens this gentleman was proud. He delivered it hot to our table and our server was that you would expect from any bar (feel free to get up and go track them down for whatever you need  the food is average and the prices aren't bad. Would recommend day drinking here My fav local hangout!!!! Staff is awesome! Food is phenominal!!!! Great place to watch a game. Ive met a few cool people here as well. Not to mention you can smoke in the back even in the winter due to the fact they have heaters. Very cool looking ones at that. I normally drop about 200 bucks each time I go. Not including and average 40 dollar tip. Maybe that's why the staff loves me and I get great service. Haha  this tavern with his name is a solid option." It's the go-to for Carnegie Mellon students. $5 pitchers and kitchen sink wings with a side of Mac and cheese bites NEVER disappoints. This seems like a fun place to drink and chill. It slowly got busier as the night went on."  and I just love the place. I'll miss it now that I've left the city but looking forward to visiting again." If you're in the area I highly recommend you to stop in for a few drinks and try some snacks. You won't be disappointed!" "I am only giving one star because Yelp won't let me give zero stars. I was here with a group of friends and had a TERRIBLE experience with the extremely rude security. All of us are transplants to Pittsburgh and come from different states. As many people know (and bouncers especially NEED to to know) I even like that the ads in the bathroom stalls have not been updated in something like 3 years.  And I really like the Pittsburgh and Shadyside cross stitched samplers that hang on the walls "One weekend we were looking for a place to grab breakfast brunch and Pamela's was SWAMPED. I wasn't familiar with any other place along Walnut that served breakfast  or maybe even your local councilman. It's a great little place w irish pub ambiance. Make sure to pop your head in for a drink or two on a Thursday night - you never know who might show up - like the Bud guy or the Jagermeister girls - it's a busy place It is an unpretentious place. No upscaled burgers with boursin or portobello mushrooms here. But it is not insistent on being a low brow greasy spoon either. You get reasonably cooked food at a reasonable price. The friendly and efficient service is a bonus."  undercooked and only had a few chips per pancake. My breakfast burrito didn't have the cheese I asked for and was pretty average. I needed a lot of ketchup because they really didn't try to put much salsa in it. My friends bacon was tiny (I mean  but had to wait around for a while before we had the chance. The place gets really crowded and you have to get there early (or get lucky) in order to get a seat. Pushing your way up to the bar can be kind of crazy. Drinks are reasonably priced and pretty much what you expect in Shadyside."  it's just a nice casual spot to get some grub without waiting for too long."  the service was good and the crowd was cool.  I'm not sure what else I could say about it... decent place to grab a beverage!"  go to some place like Harris Grill. But if you want good drinks and a good time in an environment that you can be laid back in  less than mediocre breakfast. Pamela's was closed and we were really hungry. Service was slow but they were nice about it. I don't plan to return and would choose an alternative."  it's the atmosphere that really sells Cappys.  It may very well appeal to you and is worth a shot." The prices are fairly cheap for being in Squirrell Hill.  I would advise anyone to eat there because I don't think the prices are out of the park at all.  Very affordable and the portions are quite large so it is well worth your dollars spent. :)"  unpretentious little place to grab some food.  I'll definitely go back." DkX3YoxhH4uADsgVgQThew  and not really in a good way.  Looks like the last time any money was put into the place was maybe 1979."  I don't see any reason to go here." It's not the cheapest place to drink at; it looks like a dive but it's not priced like one.  the food is good  and anyone looking for standard bar fare in this increasingly ritzy area may find a haven at Cappy's.  I'd never call this place delicious or wonderful I was surprised how good the food was. Great service very friendly people. P.S. The pictures above are in not of the Cappy's on Walnut St.  I'm not sure why they are posted here."  and I recommend going with one of their top sellers (noted on the menu) - they seem to be top sellers for a reason. Deviating from those doesn't pay off. But they do have outdoor seating  took two requests before it came.  Of course I arrived last and ordered 30 min after everyone else but my food came first.  The food is basic and inexpensive  which is my second favorite spot in a restaurant bar after the actual bar. I'd go back as I have now found a cheap alternative to the pricey (and sometimes pretentious ...) Shadyside restaurants that I like!" My wife and I moved away from the Shadyside area a few months ago.  Cappy's is the one thing we miss.  Big Mountain forever!" one funny thing that stood out was when we asked our server if they served any other meats aside from pork based meats she responded BACON! And no not turkey bacon... So clearly lil off there...  Other then that we order common breakfast .. Which was ok... I had the western omelette with turkey sausage ... The peppers and the onions were not sliced small enough and were overpoweringly huge ... Lil less On that lil more on the egg  the owner seems incredibly nice. I like supporting this local business!"  fresh food. Great breakfast sandwiches. Outdoor seating and a fantastic wait staff. Great local place." DkX3YoxhH4uADsgVgQThew  and I finally found a replacement for Shadyside Saloon. Now if only Cappy's could have a dart board..."  and I feel like I'm a 21-yr old college student when I go out there. It's miserable to be there on the weekend when it's so crowded because it's such a small space. The only reason I'm giving this bar 2 instead of 1 star is because the karaoke on Fridays (if you can handle the people and the crowd) is pretty good- although there are half a dozen better places to karaoke in Pittsburgh. Furthermore Food is.decent. karoake is the best I've gone to in a long time. The place is super small.though. that is the biggest disadvantage and why I give it 3 stars. You are practically sitting on top of people.  and yet there were a handful of people who went up to sing 3 or more times while we were there. A good host will make sure new entries get in before people who have gone already get to come up again (and again...and again)."  but it's full of good reliable staples. The coffee is always fresh and the Bloody Mary's are very good. Plenty of horseradish if you want it!" I'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible.  This is the worst spot on Walnut St!  I'm not even sure where to start. The bar is small and overpriced. I had a steak fajita wrap that tasted microwaved.  The vegetables weren't even cooked. This is a place no one wants to--or should ever want to go. My Mum came into town and wanted to go to Cappys. She heard about it from someone on facebook. We went right after it opened so we were the only ones in there. My Mum got some kind of Mexican soup and she loved it. I ordered the turkey pesto hoagie and Mum got a BBQ chicken wrap. We split our sandwiches half-and-half. I ended up enjoying the BBQ chicken wrap more than my hoagie. Overall lunch was pretty good and not to bad priced. We want to go back again to try some other choices they had on the menu.  simple and quaint. Stop in for Trivia night or during Sunday morning Brunch and you should not be disappointed with the local Shadyside cornerstone. Try the wraps  tasted like they were store Ore-Ida brand and had not even been fully baked in an oven or possibly just microwaved. Also ordered a medium burger and it came out well done with burnt bacon. Overall terrible over priced food experience. I would recommend never eating here. I didn't get a drink but the bar looked okay." Should be called crappys. So disappointed in food and its cost. The area and patio earned these 2 stars.. "Came in for a late lunch and got a bacon cheeseburger. The burger was cooked exactly the way I wanted and came out pretty quickly. Wait staff is very friendly. Kind of a dive bar  typical of a small little city spot. Good location. Outside seating was nice. Had a bit of a wait tho."  but not too full where you can't move. The Karaoke was good and you could tell there were some regulars hitting the stage. There were a few times they didn't have songs someone in our group requested "You get what you pay for. Went for brunch and spent $6. Wasn't great. Was there for over 2 hours because service was so incredibly slow. It wasn't even super busy. We had to get up from our seats to find someone to ask if we could have our check and then it took 18 min for them to bring the check to us. For 4 girlfriends All of the food was very good and came quickly. The staff was also very friendly"  has a fairly diverse crowd  but just enough that it doesn't make sense.  $7.00 for a craft beer in a dive?  C'mon."  try to get there early to grab a table or seat or you will be left standing all night as they fill up fast.  Drinks are priced average so no complaint there either." I give the saloon four stars because it's near my house Many a memorable (albeit fuzzily so) night at this bar when I was in PGH knocking on doors for the Obama campaign.  I'm convinced.  in America where people can smoke inside.  It's a fun place - darts and KARAOKE!  Just be warned that this place can get smokey.  Not a place to hang all night... stop in a grab a beer before hitting other places on Ellsworth." Great place to go. Friday and Saturdays are busy. Good prices for shady side. They get 2 stars only bc there is a skee ball machine." "We went in with a group on a Sunday night. The bartender told me she didn't have lemons for a drink because the last bartender didn't cut her any. Later I am in the service industry and my friends and I came here for my birthday. It was the worst experience and the bartender wouldn't give us lemons or limes for our drinks. She was rude and all over the place. We would have spent a lot of money but she deterred us from that.  beers and games of darts. Low expectations makes this a fun fun place."  when it's half price. this is one of those places that fits a very specific need. it's not a cool restaurant. it's not a cool bar. i probably wouldn't go there if i didn't live 2 blocks away One star because of the prices and location..." Oq5MyNxNi-xuXdPOWR9O_g  Doc's Place is a nice place to hang out in the spring and fall  which there are downstairs tables booths for coming out with a large group. There's also an upstairs bar which is pretty lively "I'm always surprised how much I like the food at Doc's.  Pizza and burgers are great. Great deck  I end up here a lot because others seem to like it...maybe I'm missing something." Decent price on domestic pitchers. Entrees were half off but all looked mediocre. Tried the jambalaya and it was so so. Big groups of patrons led to pretty slow service. Oq5MyNxNi-xuXdPOWR9O_g The food is average and I don't pay much attention to the price of drinks b c I'm usually with a large group and we take turns purchasing pitchers.  All in all this place is ""A-OK"".  As most people mentioned the deck is fun and its a great place for groups." I am not a big fan of their food (pizzas are bland and the burgers overcooked) RcoLavc5sbAV5VNwG5XwRg  or when you're enjoying Jam on Walnut (in July). My friends and I went to Doc's this past Sunday to watch the Superbowl. We had a private area upstairs by the fireplace and it was a perfect spot for it! Their food is above average bar food and it's a great place to catch up with friends." Oq5MyNxNi-xuXdPOWR9O_g  and it is what it is. They usually have decent beer specials and cheap Yuengling pints. VERY mixed crowd;: preps I wouldn't say no if someone asked me to join them for a drink at Doc's but I would probably suggest eating somewhere else first.  You'll get your food faster and be able to breathe a bit better in a different restaurant." They freshly squeeze the oranges and grapefruits in front of you for your Screwdrivers and Greyhounds so you don't have to worry about nasty impurities from the fruit juice ruining your cocktail.  Why make your liver work harder than it already has to." "My personal favorite Pittsburgh bar. Notorious for fresh juice and strong drinks. For the first few years I lived in pgh this was our standard last stop before heading home. Not once did I remember leaving the bar. Things have slowed down a bit since then  wait for it........ a mrs. packman machine."  this is your neighborhood bar.  If you need to meet someone for a drink and just talk it out - this is the place.  A good friend of mine always points out the ugly carpet.  Yep  and bar seating. One time I came with a group of people (~12) and the regulars looked quite disgruntled to have their seats and environment overrun by social beings. Generally it's just one person behind the bar and if multiple people finish their drink at the same time  and listen to buckets of rain by dylan and your night is complete"  smoky and dark.  That pretty much sums up this little bar."  a lounge (in the very best sense of the word) masquerading (appropriately enough) as a bar.  I wish I could turn down a heretofore unseen alley - or walk through a wardrobe - in Chicago and find myself sitting at the bar." I lived across the street from Mardi Gras for a year.  It was a pleasure I can't begin to describe. "Weird mix of local drunks and school crowd. Drink specials were nice. Had a pint of Brooklyn stout that was only $2.50. Pretty good deal compared to the Miller Light only type specials in other local bars. No tabs or credit cards They don't serve food here either so plan on getting messed up if you don't eat anything before you go. The bar is very dark but a lot of my friends love this place and whenever alumni came back TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw  and may even do magic tricks for you."  giving you a window in the mind of the owners' vision for the gruff no-nonsense watering hole they have created right off of Pittsburgh's most fashionable shopping area. Drinks are poured very generously  but thoroughly enjoy every time I do. I came here alone to watch the superbowl earlier this year If you want a place to listen to some good music TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw P.S. - It was cash only last time I checked."  if that weird looking guy next to you won't. It's a great escape from the bro-scene that is most of Walnut St. and they have booths which themselves would be enough to make me love this place. I've had many sloppy nights here and made many stranger friends. Order a greyhound and watch the bartender squeeze fresh juice into your drink and kick it with strangers at the bar."  and you can't go wrong if you're in the mood for a strong drink."  this place is full of smoke.  It's likely the least sexy bar in all of pgh but its one of my favorites." One of my friends that I was with knew the bartender there and helped us with different recommendations. Drinks are defiantly on the strong side which is ok with me. We grabbed a booth off to the side and enjoyed the rest of the night. I loved the dark 60's music atmosphere there  you can even smoke cigars here. Total throwback This is without a doubt the best alcoholic's bar in Shadyside. Smoking permitted. Extremely strong cocktails. The downside is that its a bit pricey but you are compensated well in alcohol. The bartenders are good people. Downsides: poorly lit - on weekends it can get a bit packed - so packed that you have to stand and in such a small space that's a bit uncomfortable. "Wondered into this place looking for some mixed drinks.  The bartender told us they were known for they fruity drinks  but you're better off bringing money so you don't have to deal with the surcharge."  available to order is a vodka drink made with fresh squeezed fruit." You must try this place"  dark ominous ambiance and lively patrons. According to Le Mardi Gras' website they've also hosted a variety of celebrities including Rocky Marciano I think I had an atypical experience. I would return under the condition that there was a special event occurring." "I moved to California ~2 years ago and miss Mardi Gras more than anything else. Richie and crew provided a home for all "Super super strong drinks. Very smoky and small On the weekends it gets crowded...and smokey. Smoke doesn't generally bother me I just can't do more than three stars. I have a feeling I'll be back here in the future though (my friend loves it)  talking to Brose and listening to good blues on the jukebox. I can't say enough about how great the Mardi Gras is." "Slightly pricier than other bars in the area but you get what you pay for. Any time I get a mixed drink it's 98% alcohol and 2% mixer. I don't think I've ever had more than 2 drinks here because that's really all you need. Great music selection in an old school juke box. The only downside for us nonsmokers is that it is a poorly ventilated smoking bar I know I've been here a few times and yet I have no memory of the experience.  That says it all.  wasn't crowded at all. Bartender was super attentive from the moment we walked in. My girlfriend ordered a Manhattan and I got an Old Fashioned. Both were poured with a heavy hand I hate the smoke - you can smell it in your clothes and hair the next day and it's just gross. Just a heads up in case you're new to Pittsburgh and its insanely lax smoking laws." See you there on a Sunday at last call."  perhaps - where only those in the know appreciate it for what it is.  I definitely recommend you stop by next time you're in the area "Bartender needs to tighten up his false sense of righteousness. Otherwise The only downside to this place is that it is pretty smoky if you are a non-smoker. Otherwise ..we need to head back though." TIPebazlAGJsp8zAwhNkcw "Mardi Gras is a fun place. Its definitely got a different vibe from most of the other places in the Walnut Street area. The drinks are reasonably priced and the bar service is good. It is definitely the most ""dive-y"" place in the neighborhood  but the dining room is kid friendly. They have a good selection of beer and the food is excellent."  full of Pittsburgh sports memorabilia. Not a bad place to look around while waiting for your order. Love their witty signs they put up to get you thinking as you drive down Rt. 88 which seems to be a never ending construction zone."  especially after I picked one up and it had feathers coming out of it. I understand things happen It's local music folks.  Come out and support it!"  which is fine for me. The covers are cheap and they get some great acts. I went to see State College's Miss Melanie and the Valley Rats  no food (you can bring in food from Starlite Lounge a couple doors down). The only reason im even giving this place two stars is because its a blues bar. I saw Savoy Brown here tonight and it was one of the best shows iv ever seen" "Love this place it's one of my favorites!!! Sure it's considered a dive!!! But that's moondogs!!! Wonderful acts! Bartenders bust their ass! Management and staff are friendly!!! Best part?....NO GRUSHECKY that I've ever seen!!! It's holds dear memories for me!! Have met some wonderful and dear people there!!! Give it a try if you aren't a pretentious "Went here because we saw it on the Food Network Diners Drive-ins and Dives.  Their pierogies were the featured food of course.  It's just a small bar.  We went on a Sunday afternoon and there were a bunch of old guys sitting around the bar smoking and talking about the old days.  The bartender was also our waitress.  Aside from first-impressions We drove well over an hour to eat here. BIG mistake." The food is pretty good especially if you like perogies but good luck getting it. I've been here a few times to see acoustic performances and every time I'm here the waitress spends more time smoking cigarettes at the bar than attending to her tables. 98% of the time I have to go to the bar to get another beer. But damn the perogies are good. If you're a local rummy barfly then this place is for you! But if you're a DDD fan you might want to move on to another DDD spot in Pittsburgh. Not sure why it would be featured on the show. Nadine's was better and they made you feel welcome."  I will go.  The pierogies were 5 stars.  Best I have ever eaten and obviously homemade and HUGE!  The rest of the food was reasonably cheap and pretty tasty.  The wings were pretty great too.  I normally wouldn't even walk into  the fish sandwich is even bigger. Standard bar food on the menu with a few nice Polish selections. Service is nonchalant yet friendly enough. An elderly woman in the back does all the cooking by herself. She is awesome." The bottom line for me is that I am glad that I came here and might be back again depending on what I am looking for.  The food was dirt cheap with our whole bill coming to $22 and it exceeded the expectations that I had given to it whenever we walked in.  However  you won't find it much better anywhere outside of the old country. Go try it."  the slow service makes each experience worse than the one before. We have been here for 40 minutes and still waiting for our soup "Thursday night wing night. Great value.  Wings were outstanding.  Bar keep attentive and friendly.   The place is a dive "Wing night is the best! Have yet to try the rest of the menu items which all look amazing. The bar is a bit smokey but hey  and a dining room in the back for families to eat. Non smoking untill the kitchen closes. They have a Juice Box  great jumbo wings. Very affordable. Will get something polish next time" Authentic neighborhood dive bar with friendly patrons and nice bartenders and waitresses.  Excellent wings and cheap beer.  Check it out before hitting moon dogs for live music! Food is good when the waitress can properly charge you. I get the same meal constantly and pay different prices everytime. Owner is rude & doesn't handle customers well. My job places fairly large orders and they up-charge when there is more people so I advise to place orders separately. They also give smaller portions when you order in a group. Food can be as greasy as the bar is sometimes but i gotta say the pierogies are ok. I  will never place an order for me & my coworkers again.  this place is my absolute favorite place to come and play bluegrass music on a Tuesday nite.  I fly here from TN just to be part of it - when I can :)" Top it off - beer came in a frosty glass. Frosty glades are way under rated. Every bar and restaurant should do this!"  and I plan on continuing to come here in the years to come." Rocky Bleier was there! Yay!" but other than that I love theirr Stakes :)" "Absolutely love coming here. Me and my girlfriend stop in at least once a week. We've been coming here for about a year now and have made it our place to go. The food is just like any other Applebee's Says they deliver on here... Wrong & wrong again & should not be checked! I like Applebee's & thought the delivery was something new for the Pittsburgh area... Don't know if this is something Yelp does or something someone checked off... But not cool! It's a good place to stop if you're traveling or just want to stay on a budget."  I highly recommend this Applebee's location!" I am giving it 2 stars ONLY because the manager was nice. Our waitress was awful..the food was inedible...how do you screw up mashed...instant mashed by the managers admission...potatoes? Consistently of cement and zero taste. How does a cook forget butter and salt? How do you cook and send out a medium steak that is so well done that it can't be cut? Save the money and the frustration and go somewhere else.  I came home and made a delicious grilled cheese.  but they also have 2 for 25 that includes steak. They have tons of specials and happy hour! Make sure you check the website for the happy hour times..I'll be back!"  going by the name of Kristy was by far one of the rudest and under cover racist people I've encountered. And if I was a betting women Bad night? Not sure and we won't be back to find out." "I cannot believe I have been to Applebee's twice in one week.  This place has been recently renovated and although is a smaller Applebee's  the food was good and the prices were reasonable...  The only things that could be improved were the lukewarm temperature of the cheese that came out with the new beer pretzels (which were awesome) and the riblets I ordered were just a bit fatty...  My boyfriend's new shrimp pasta with queso was great... Overall  the experience was horrible. The service was horrible. The food was ok. I won't be running back to this location any time soon."  I was very impressed. I ordered a cheeseburger w  fries. The burger was cooked perfectly and fresh! I also really enjoyed their seasoned fries. My Mom enjoyed her salad as well  and I judge them by the steak. At this Pineville location the steak is always exactly like I ask for it. They cook the best steak! It's a good and a bad though because I expect this kind of excellent perfectly prepared steak at other Applesbee's locations - no luck. This is the Diamond of Applebee's other locations don't compare (concord location near exit 36 - their cook needs to learn from the one in Pineville)" I'm not a fan but I enjoy drinking at the bar area. So if you're coming to drink ... not so bad. If you're coming to eat ...  ah you might think again! I contacted Applebee's human resources and they were great. No complaints there urozdIsIzmQR-snDgDOqZg  the server ruined the entire experience. Chrystal was rude and inattentive. We sat for many minutes before she walked by and said (with a grown) ""I'll be with ya'll eventually."" After another 2-3 minutes she finally came to the table The drinks seemed ok as my daughter ordered four shots.  But I don't even recommend going to the bar.  The bartender stood there and picked her nose.  Then flicked.  Again The pasta at Applebee's are definitely not worth the $12 they charge. The portions are way too small and not good at all. Probably won't be visiting another apples bees again After leaving we all felt like puking..I would never go there again to eat.." DE_11y6_vCmPBlbeYskh-Q So I wrote to corp through their website and they sent me a gift certificate.  I gave this location another try and thankfully it's back to normal.  So go with caution and be prepared to deal with lackluster performance.  I love OG on the whole and give most locations at least four stars  unacceptable for a baked entree. I sent it back and the second time it came out it was just as cold. I finally spoke to a manager who comp'd my meal. I will never be back to this location."  but I'd suggest asking to be waited by someone else (everyone else seemed wonderful!) and I believe your server's attitude is directly proportional to your dining experience."  Olive Garden is the place you go when you want some fairly good italian food--wearing your shorts and t-shirt.  The Zuppa Tuscana (soup) is really good.  The alfredo sauce is pretty good too.  One thing you must try (if you are of age) is the Sangria.  Excellent." The place is just older and needs some renovations. Please change your carpets!" The food is always good. I love the soup and salad combination - it's perfect for lunch. But the BEST PART OF SITTING AT THE BAR IS BEING SERVED BY VILDEN. Vilden is Im giving this two stars only for the food." "We dined as a large party of 14!   I had the new parmesan crusted steak with cheese stuffed noodles  2 for 25. The special menu had pretty good variety of  the appetizer and entree that you can choose. I don't recommend the bruschetta Drive 5 minutes to Libretto's for real Italian food or 10 minutes to The Carolina Bistro." I highly recommend the ""strata"". it's a chocolate cake that is to die for." Four stars today - twenty minute wait to get seated which is reasonable at this location after church on Sunday - great server named Amy - food came quick - very tasty - good experience patrons were given gift cards and comped bills." Want a zero star option! I am a fan of olive garden but this one is horrible! Where do I start? Got soup without bread which came about 20 mins later as it was baking every time we would remind her although everyone around was getting baskets. Then Food ordered was new promos that had no details and had to rely on waitress which was clueless! She lied about the meal all together. Ended up with 2 meals un eaten. The bread finally arrived at end and lemon never came...she kept saying it was being cut! Ended with her dropping our plate on floor causing flying glass and never got a mint! Well at least she was smart enough to ask mgr to talk to us b4 us asking!  I am very aware of what food poisoning is and is not. This was the real deal..my first hint should have been at the restaurant when the couple seated next us were complaining about their food. I doubt we'll ever be back." This attempt at lunch ended up taking  2+ hours - which is ok for a dinner event but completely unacceptable at lunch time when you have to get back to work.  The bad service coupled with the mediocre food just makes this place a big waste of time.  Next time someone plans an event here - lunch or dinner - I will just have to respectfully decline."  and gave me her humble apologies. Once I received the dish I ordered - beef medallions over fettuccine alfredo - it was actually pretty tasty. It featured green onions  I am absolutely looking forward to going back and trying some more of their new menu items!" I haven't been to an O.G. in a long time. I am suprised to say that things have changed for the better. If you're looking for real italian food this is not the place to go. But the foods that they are serving are great. The service was top notch. The menu change are cool. They stole that but one get one pasta deal form Maggianos which I love! You can go wrong in my opinion. Salty garlicy bread sticks and the non stop salad. Enough said.. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive without hovering I love this place because the pasta is always very very very hot.  I knew I could sit quickly at the bar and I had a gift card since christmas or I would not be eating at a chain restaurant. It was what you expect at all of the chains. I got chicken and shrimp carbonarra (spell check). It was fair. What does one expect for something quick and convenient to what I was doing at the time.  I do wish however that I spent the gift card next door just shoveling cheddar bays down my throat. Good talk."  just wouldnt go back unless we had another gift card."  this server was completely inattentive and was rushing my friend and I the entire time. Our salads came not even five minutes before our food was sent out. I am completely disappointed. I don't recommend this location to anyone."  we were not very pleased with the service nor the food. And I do understand it was late but if your own staff tells me it's not a big deal Two stars because the place was less than tidy and the bar staff didn't seem interested in customers. Otherwise Dessert was actually pretty good--I got the chocolate tuxedo mousse cake which was quite good and it seems everyone else enjoyed theirs as well. The only reason this place is getting 2 stars instead of 1 is for service. Our waiter was personable and friendly It is amazing how this restaurant always has long wait times when I honesty don't believe that the food is great. I have gone a couple of times and each time that I have gone I have gotten different dishes. I feel like the food is not flavorful and are always missing something. You can definitely find better chain Italian restaurants like Maggiano's or Bravo! Come here if you like bland dishes.  greasy and very bad. I gave it one star because of the waiter.  I'll never go to this one ever again. The health inspector needs to visit and manager fired!!"  drinks come fast and the $11.99 3-course meal going on now is a pretty darn good deal." "From the time we walked in to the time we left the staff was extremely friendly. The new ""small plates"" are a great addition to an already great menu selection. Try the crispy asparagus!!! Only 2.99 to add to an entree. My wife had the steak Gorgonzola and it was cooked a perfect medium. All in all I felt like it could not have been a better dinner date night!" This is a picture of an **INSECT that I was about to eat!! I was really hungry and decide to stop by and eat.. Thank goodness this was my second plate and I wasn't too full because I gulped down the first plate.. This is your sou"  they were all tasty I really enjoyed the wings. The service was however pretty terrible the appetizers arrived after our meal we think they forgot that part of the order . the bread sticks showed up finally as we were done . I will say the manager did give us the appetizers for free without us ever having to complain so that was a plus .." Smells like wet dog.  EXTREMELY humid inside.   Food was good (the two stars worth).  Service was very bad today.  I am a server myself and I would be beyond embarrassed if I provided such poor service to a table.  Added bonus - It constantly seemed like she was trying to rush us out.  Delivered our desert in a to go container without us even asking!!!  Also delivered our checks before we were halfway done and we had to ask to have a desert added on... No complaints other than the olive shortage ..." No complaints here..."  the staff was very professional and quick and the food was delicious! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly. He never let our drinks go down half way and he was very punctual and respectful."  but the service was disappointing." I love eating at Olive Garden! This location is clean and the servers seem to care about their guests :) 4 of us sat at the bar on a Sunday afternoon. The food was good. My girlfriend and I split the lasagna. The breadsticks and salad were really good which is what we mainly came for. The problem was the service. The bartender was very slow and no personality. He never checked on our food. It seemed as if we were bothering him if we needed something. I heard other people around getting the wrong orders. He missed up my buddies simple drink order. I know people have off days but my girlfriend was a bartender for 10 years and she said he's the worst she's seen. I still like Olive Garden but we just won't sit at that bar again. They are really trying. I have been here & had incredible service & incredibly bad service. But if you let any member of the staff... Especially a manager know that it isn't going well... They will take over your table & make for damn sure everything else goes Perfect. I only wish I had started with the management & not had to encounter the poorly trained & barely capable servers that began my experience. But all in all the best Olive Garden food & service I have ever had in 25+ years of Olive Garden dining. Damn Good place that earned those 5 Stars!!! "Been to Olive Gardens a ton of times and have to say this location is definately one of the better ones I have been too.  Don't expect a home made Italian dinner as this is a chain restaurant but it's still good nontheless.  Our server was awesome.  Very fast  great food. Nice server. Poor service." Service is very bad. Waitress was throwing plates on the table. And not even listening to want we want to order. And she even charged for salad which comes for free. Have been to many restaurants but this was my worst experience.  there are just too many real Italian restaurants in the area without screaming babies and hour long waits that serve flavorful food at reasonable prices (Portofino's and Docle come to mind) to deal with Olive Garden.  I would go for a to go order IF I had a gift card Great service. Always busy but worth the wait. The manager jeff was active and made sure our time was great. You do not see this type of attention at many locations. Food was very good also. We always enjoy coming to this location. Thank you Jeff.  the waitress very clumsily spilled about three big gulps of sweet tea in my steak gorgonzola and then handed me the plate as if nothing to happened. Guess she thought it needed a little umph in the flavor department." A friend and I had a very tasty Mother's Day dinner after a movie. I had a chicken dish with salad. The waitress was kind when she served us but because it was Mother's Day they were very busy. We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table it was standing room only. But we had a nice time. Another problem this visit is that Olive Garden has decided putting tablets in everyone's face is a really great idea. They were placed up and down the bar with bright animated images. Can we not just sit and have some peace and a little chat with the bartender or another diner? I also wonder if the cameras on the tablets are operational. It just seems intrusive." My server was fantastic!  Food great good server recommendations!  Highly recommend!  Lucian server!  and play games....not a fan....I go out to eat for the experience and talking with my friends and family.  The prices aren't bad but not worth it to me...love the bread sticks though!!"  i forgot to ask if you want soup or salad. Salad then took forever. Food came slow and was cold. This just affirmed my decision to stop eating out." I have been visiting this place for a while There is usually a wait but not too bad. Parking can be a pain since it shares a lot with Red Lobster. Zuppa Toscana is my favorite soup there. You can't go wrong when ordering the chicken scampi or seafood Alfredo. Their stuffed mushrooms is so delicious. Their secret is the tiny pieces of clam in it. Calamari is excellent especially with the Parmesan peppercorn sauce.  and I enjoyed the Italian sausage I had added to my dish. They were juicy not dried out. My mom didn't enjoy her alfredo "Overall it wasn't a bad visit from the welcoming staff to the cleanliness of the restaurant. Salad and breadsticks were normal and good. But the reason I went was to try the Lobster Raviolis. There I was very disappointed. I don't know if it's because I ordered a dinner dish at lunch but there was almost no filling in the ""Double Filled"" dish. Shrimp on top was nice but no LOBSTER FILLING."  why? I said our waiter didn't give us any but it could have been because he was terrible. The manager over heard me and inquired about what happened. I explained all of the stuff above and she apologized profusely. She gave us a gift card for more than our dinner was and asked that we please come back and give them another chance. She is the only reason this is not a 1 star review. She definitely felt bad and was not happy with the way we were treated. I just wish that Tim had realized that his service was terrible." Maybe Carrabas would have been the better choice for chain Italian." Went here for a nice lunch to catch up with a few old friends. I ran into a worker named Morgan. I didn't know Olive Garden served wings but I'm sorry your personality can only go so far...hard work and great service is what gets you tips. Stop half a$%ing your job." Plenty of parking and easily accessible being in front of the Carolina place mall. They are great for groups and kids lunch and dinner."  and breadsticks with Zuppa Toscana.  The bread sticks were brought out before we even ordered which made them cold by the time the remainder of our food was brought.  A refill was never offered.  The salad was swimming in dressing where normally the dressing is light.  And the Zuppa Toscana was unrecognizable.  It was totally different from all other OG restaurants I've visited.  We had several different servers during our short stay.  I doubt that I'll ever go back to this location again."  and said it herself. Funny how ive come and gone to several olive garden and only order that. Im a go to dish type of person. What a Terrible manager!!!!! And waitress." This is my first time at this olive garden and can I just say wow the servers are amazing. There is a new guy here who has only been here 6 days it is his first serving job and he is honestly the nest server I ever had 4WsTFTH8GgnyFHwrH9nHzA My first Olive Garden experience ever! So much cheese and so much wine! Great place. Desserts were out of the world! Must visit place. I came here before and waited for at least 20 min with no service not even drink no body even said hi. I see the server  standing right there with no response. I said let me give it another shot and today the same thing happened it is like we are invisible any way bad bad service. Now lites talk about the food I ordered the spaghetti with meet sauce it test like nothing literately the sauce like red water that all. Never going there again. Slow service and a mediocre meal. I ordered the deep dish spaghetti only to be told they didn't have that at this time. Our appetizer came out with our entree. The presentation on my lasagne was indistinguishable from any discernable dish. Not a good experience.  was thrown together haphazardly as if the cook either wasn't trained properly or just didn't care.  The steak was supposed to be medium; instead it came well done.  The pasta was a bit dried out at the edges  but food and service is always just hit or miss.  I think that is to be expected with a chain.  Sometimes I have a good experience and sometimes not so much.  I think that it is a little overpriced  but most are. Still if you are new you will be welcomed and offered a drink by one of the fun and friendly staff that everyone knows by name. During football season Sammy's is packed on Sundays and all year Friday and Saturday nights find the parking lot full. Sammy's reminds me of a dysfunctional family reunion  and free pool...what can be better than that? Not to mention the hottest bartenders around. Basically anything goes and is proclaimed to be the bar ""...where the rumors begin."" Even if you aren't the crazy nighttime party person  but fun if you go with a group.  They had live music last night - this unassuming little lady belting out some rock tunes (like Tom Petty) - you go girl!  The bartenders were busier than a one-legged man in a fanny-kicking contest I was very uncomfortable. Everyone there looks at you like your from another planet and looking for a fight. I just wanted to play pool and have a drink with my wife and the bartenders are not friendly at all. The regular customers do not like outsiders and let you know it.  Drinks are not made properly and the draft beer was warm. Won't ever go back there  play pool or wii...then this place will do. Especially if you live in Pineville....this is a good to spot to hang out and listen to music." Some complaint here about fight picking? Sounds like a personal issue. I'm new here and no issues." 52lYt28H6xXfNAlURIxf4A "I've been going to Sammys for quite some time now. Warning: it is a dive bar. There are a lot of regulars - mostly service industry people after a certain hour - as being in the industry myself. Drinks are strong  there is pool and a patio and always an interestingly mixed but friendly crowd. Bartenders Ashley and Kat and Fallon are my favorites." Great palce for a pint a best bar food you will be able to find... they have great friend pickels and there steak sandwhich is pretty awesome... the place is kinda hard to find since it is in a house in a neighborhood and the line can be crazy long... but the food is worth it... go with a few friends and relaize that you will be there for a few hours... take you time and drinks some beers  but make it a point to eat it everytime I visit.  Locals living near the restaraunt know it by name.  I've heard the other food is also great ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  since most restaurants serve the usual warm-on-the-outside-cold-in-the-middle-sad-excuse-for-a-meal hockey puck. I was surprised that it was not only excellent and flavorful "I really like a place where you can customize your burger and this place had turned that into an art.  There are an infinite number of ways to to get your burger done.  Plus they don't just have burgers It's a neighborhood place in one of Charlotte's nicest neighborhoods....the Fourth Ward.  The food is good.  The service is good.  The setting is GREAT! Definitely a great date place. Cool vibe and classy in an understated way--check it out!"  and I look forward to returning to this new (to me).  The only disappoint is that we weren't able to see the famous pole that they talked about on the back of the menu.  It's located in the women's restroom and apparently it's caused quite a few bruises.  Funny!"  while my boyfriend loves to get the London broil sandwich or the pita chicken wrap with honey mustard. The fries and onion rings are delicious too. Plus  walking here transports you completely away from the hustle and bustle and rowdiness of Tryon."  NC.  The only problem with it is that its too far away from my house!  :)  It is a treat to visit the 4th ward.  Great food "3.5 stars overall..bumped up to a 4 for being...""cozy"".. as one of my friends put it.  Solid food and a good place to start out a night.  A good way to get away from all the new and experience something with true Charlotte style."  and I strongly recommend that you make the effort to find it in the 4th Ward.  It's easiest to get to off Graham Street - just turn south onto 9th and it's a block or so up the road.  Loved it!!!" BY9Xk5754hpJv3pVgD_fkg  is a great pub style joint perfect for a brew and some excellently prepared food.  It's a rub shoulders kind of joint with dark benches perfect for long conversations." I'm glad I went once. Likely not again." When I first moved to Charlotte more than a few people mentioned Alexander Michael's to me.  I had my expectations built up.  The place is solid and a decent pub neighborhood restaurant.  I might have rated it better if people hadn't built it up to me so much before going.  If I lived near the place I would go pretty frequently for a beer or some food.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to get to it (like i would with some other Charlotte places).  All in all - a solid pub neighborhood bar with some character but nothing earth shattering. T_kMEgHqIqwbHR_7yhqWFw i'd like to go back another time when i can enjoy some drinks and try another menu selection."  which one of my dining partners characterized as melted Velveeta with crab and while that description might sound rather unappealing  but the selling point is it is one of the few places in Charlotte that has culture and history.  An old victorian building in a neighborhood that feels more like Charleston than Charlotte.  Tired of uptown chains and overprices bistros  fried pickles and the crawfish burrito Not too shabby of a  beer selection either."  atmosphere and great food to boot. If you want to break from the norm Love this place.  Great food and unique character.  A must if you live in Charlotte. Hands down one of my favorite places in Charlotte and can say without a doubt have never even had a mediocre experience here ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A Thank you Yelp for leading me here!" A hidden gem in the oldest area of downtown.  An old victorian neighborhood in the midst of downtown Charlotte!  I love the Ruben! If you like wings the Garlic Honey wings are soooo good!! I would definitely recommend to come here they have good beers a good neighborhood feel and of course good food. The servers are very nice and helpful!!" Fantastic date place!!!  This little restaurant has fantastic apps and dinners.  My favorites are the Shrimp Marsala or the What It Is.  The crab soup is excellent also.  When I am there for dinner I always get a half and half with my meal.  But if you are just going for lunch get the chicken quesadillas - excellent.  Ladies!  Watch out for the pole!  Then take a walk around the beautiful Fourth Ward! Definitely one of the best places to go in Charlotte.  The food is really good and the service is outstanding.  This is truly something for everyone on the menu.  The location is reason enough to go as the neighborhood is one of the more unique places in Charlotte.  The beer selection is also fantastic "This place is great for a chill dinner and drinks. A very laid back atmosphere makes it perfect for dinner before heading out or just relaxing all night. It has a bar atmosphere without the crazy drunks and extremely loud crowd. The food isn't 5 star I do have fond memories of the chocolate martini..."  what is with people and fried pickles?!" ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  and great food!  You must try the nachos!  Everything on the menu is good I might return and try something else on the menu - like their massive 1 2 pound burgers - and we'll see if it'll make me a fangirl." The service has always been super friendly and laid back - just how I like it at this kind of joint. Next time my tummy's growling in the 4th ward I'll definitely make a trip back to Alexander Michael's!"  low ceilings make for a cozy atmosphere.  Probably not the #1 place for enjoying the natural sunlight of a gorgeous day." Ok I stumbled over this place by being invited by a friend. I have lived in Charlotte for going on three months and had no idea this place exsisted.  It is tcuked away in a neighborhood right in downtown.  I hear this place is a establishment in Charlotte and has been around for a long time.  I now know why..  the food is fantastic! The fried pickles are a must a littel salty but good.  I had the Fried Chicken Special with Garlic mash with Gravy and it was GOOOOOOOODD!!!  My friend had the London Broil and looked amazing and the prices were so reasonable.  I highly recommend this place its a chance to see a good ol local hangout in the city of Charlotte. See ya next month Alex!" Food: 7 10; Service: 9 10; Value: 7 10; Atmosphere 10 10" One of my favorite spots in Charlotte. Definitely a locals spot. They have the best wings in town (Texas wild wings). They remembered my name after my first trip. Can't say enough about the place. Check it out. "Just had the London Broil Sandwich. Came in looking for a French dip but was convinced this was the way to go. The London Broil was loaded with meat I think Alexander Michael's exudes ""chill"" and this is what is so attractive about it.  The clientele was young and old; it neither felt like a country club or a college sports bar.  The TV's (though they show sporting events) don't distract from conversation like most sports bars and though there is a bar "We went there on a Friday night and the place was packed.  Staff greeted us immediately and sat us quickly.  Food was great.  We shared the fried pickles and had the crawfish burrito and the ""what is it"".  I can't stress enough on how excellent the services was.  For as crowded as they were it was quite amazing we were treated like royalty!" Our server was so sweet too." "Live across the st quite literally.  Great neighborhood place with standard predictable pub fare.  Quite busy during lunch which is surprising since it is a bit more of a walk than other Uptown restaurants.  Service was prompt The service was attentive with a snap of attitude.  I think they probably are friendlier toward their regulars "Great place to take a date. Candles If you're into beards and eating expensive food in the dark I think you'll really like this place  cinnamon-flavored bread covered with caramel and two heaping dollops of whip cream.  Its a large portion "One of our favorite cozy places to eat in Uptown.  Dark and cozy booths  this is what I call a destination restaurant.  You definitely would never just stumble upon it.  It was opened in 1983 by two Charlotte attorneys (A. Michael Troiano Jr & Alexander Copeland III) "I've been to Alexander Michael's a few times now and always have a great time.  It has a ton of character - tucked away on a little street of old houses in the 4th ward.  The wait staff is always friendly "Hands down one of the best bars in Charlotte. Tucked away in a small side street in 4th ward Nice being back there after so long. Just as friendly as I remembered and the food was even better. My favorite was the fried pickles! Definitely a great  place to stop in for a beer and a good (not fussy or overpriced) bite to eat if you are in or near 4th Ward.  This place is a  Charlotte instititution! I have many fond memories of gathering with friends at Al Mike's throughout the 90's!  the selection isn't the best. But overall I hope to come back when I can kick back and imbibe on some good libations! The food alone definitely warrants returning again and again."  and the service was quietly good. Darkish lighting. I had a feeling in the pit of my stomach underneath the 5 pounds of nacho that the place swims in RL polos and Sperrys on the wkends (and this is before I perused other yelper's thoughts on the subject) but for Monday night nosh Incredible nachos.  Incredible food. Try their best sellers.  Atmosphere is quaint. Great for a casual date night. Enjoy! My biggest gripe of the night was the pace of service. I don't know if the server (or chef) had somewhere to be but she was going a mile a minute. I wanted to relax and enjoy my meal not be rushed in and out in less than 45minutes. My dinner came as half of my salad remained uneaten...and the salad was literally brought out in less than a minute after I ordered it. I realize its a small venue with limited seating but there wasn't anyone waiting for a table and last  I checked this was not at a fast food joint." One thing I appreciate about this restaurant is the frequency of daily-specials they offer during lunch. Everytime I've gone  it's very minimal.  So if you sit back towards the back prepare to eat by candlelight (even at lunch).  The only windows are towards the front so that's why." One of my favorite places to eat in Uptown. My go to dishes are the London broil entree and the what it is. Tried out most of the menu and can't say I've had anything bad. The daily specials are usually pretty great as well. Wonderful place for lunch. Great service.love to visit this place "My regular stop whenever I am in Charlotte. Great service  but with an upscale twist.  If you haven't been to Alexander Michael's - GO!  If you've already been This was me and my husband's first date...per my suggestion(he was new to town)."  it was great.  The story behind the building and its decor was interesting to read.  The food is good.  As most reviewers have stated ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A My dinner was awesome.  I ordered their blackend cat fish sandwich with fried pickles.  Yum!  Since Waiting for a table we sat at the bar and I noticed they had a great beer selection on tap and I'm not talking Anhueser Busch B.S. Lots of craft beers and a good amount of local brews. I tried a few high ABV brews that were really good and put my head in another world. I had been in town for about 3 hours by this time I'm really liking Charlotte. For dinner I tried something called ""What It Is"". it's a Cajun pasta dish. Being Cajun The bar is really cool though.  Good selection of beers including two highland beers from Asheville and other craft beers. I'll be back."  I'd focus on parking and adding more tables.  Street parking in a quiet neighborhood can be limited.  I've been here a handful of times when there has been a line out the door with people waiting for a table.  Both faults One of the best spots in all of Charlotte.  Great for business lunches.  The london broil sandwich is one of the best steak sandwiches I have ever had.  Nice atmosphere and good beer selection too.  and I have to say.. the ones at Alexander Michael's are among the top three in this city! The food is simple and tasty (even if you just want a simple garden burger ppaxBKZWHiH7-sAeC9pUFw Locals refer to this as Al Mike's and it is a wonderful 4th Ward pub." ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A lots of character here.  nothing special but just a solid place to grab drinks and good food.  great neighborhood feel. "Great atmosphere and tucked neatly away in the 4th ward neighborhood This is my trademark location when I am in Charlotte!" ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  but enough to remind me that I probably needed to have only this one helping.  The atmosphere is friendly and service fantastic.  Such a comfortable and comforting place.  This is my go-to spot anytime I am in uptown downtown anywhere in CLT." I for sure will be back again!" Solid comfort food beer joint." Great atmosphere great service great food!! Charlotte charm.  I love this part of 4th Ward and make it a point to bring out-of-town guests through this neighborhood to show off just how cool Charlotte is with all its hidden gems. But my eating experience at AM was lack luster. The spicy crab soup was very good and I would come back for that. The menu looked wonderful and I didn't know where to begin . . .  so I went for the crawfish burrito cause it read as if it was going to be spicy and flavorful. Not so. All I could taste was the black beans. I took a bite of the London Broil sandwhich and was not impressed. I am still on the look out for a great sandwich shop." Such a great low key place to go and have a great dinner. Their Fried pickles are amazing and have an awesome beer selection! This is my go to place for a fun relaxing evening dinner uptown. "Some folks in Charlotte will never get the pleasure of experiencing this great little spot unless they yelp it lol. It's nestled away in the 4th Ward area of uptown. Like much of uptown neighborhood restaurants I wouldn't go out of my way to go back but I wouldn't kick and scream if invited to go again."  I highly recommend. Definitely one of the Uptown staples."  and the staff make this a 5-star establishment ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A I'll definitely be back!"  and was worried that the second time would be a let down. Not so - I love this bar. The best part: it's walkable from my place  this Charlotte landmark is a must!"  but that's part of the charm of this place.  It's pretty dark and dim at night but it sets a cool mood for hanging out  and a cheerful crowd combine to make a visit to Alexander MIchael's a special night out and a haven for the traveler at the end of a day on the road. And a memory to renew when visiting Charlotte again."  but it doesn't really have an uptown feel.  Very cozy atmosphere and great food."  my fiance and I decided we couldn't not go. I love that it's truly a neighborhood pub - no parking lot surrounding it. The buffalo chicken sandwich and the cajun fries. The food and the beer selection are worth the trip." My personal business travel rules discourage me from eating at the same place twice  kinda boring.  I think the point of this place is more to go ""have a few"" after work and such.  When looking for great food in uptown  with the charm and hospitality.  Coming here makes you wish you had Alexander Michaels in your neighborhood.  The workers are very welcoming and efficient.  They are quick to take your orders  and the chill atmosphere.  A great place.  Would have given five stars had the menu been a little bigger offering more variety." This is by far one of my favorite places in Charlotte.  It has a very chill atmosphere and the food is great.  This is a great first date spot. E1Wu-YuaNJWgQqSIsW8K5Q If I lived in Charlotte I would be a regular." ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  the ""What it's All About"" chicken was very good.  I was disappointed I couldn't substitute for the potatoes Parking is on the street and it is only for two hours without permit. Just FYI. :D" "Stopped by here for an early lunch. The place wasn't crowded at all so we were immediately seated and got our drinks. The waitress and other employees were very friendly and were always around when we needed something. The food was delicious. I had the Mikes Hot Turkey Sandwich I love to bring out of town guests here. Such a charming place in a great neighborhood. Warm  great place to have lunch and the spicy crab soup is to die for. Ask for Milt best guy in the place. I live in 4th Ward and get takeout from here all the time" "Had a great time at Al Miike's this week. The Food was greatl The locals and the staff or great for company. The bartender suggested Today's Special  true pub. The half pound burger is maybe the best I've ever had and the selection of local brews is the perfect compliment. If you are a local looking for a ""regular spot  flakey monster.  They pair it up with a tarter sauce (did I detect a pepper in there?  Chipotle maybe?) and some kind of other sauce that was like a chunky salsa sweet-n-sour thing.  Doesn't matter.  I dumped both of them on.  It was tasty as all get out.  I devoured the enormous sandwich. The side dish I chose was the Broccoli Slaw and honestly  great for casual dates. Food was wholesome and filling though not extremely exciting. That's okay in my mind since it is a neighborhood restaurant that is really there to keep its community full  Beef Stroganoff and ""What it Is"" (a nicely spiced chicken in a Cajun cream sauce over Rotini).  It's a feel-good place that definitely notices you when you walk in and remembers you when you come back.  We love the bartenders...nothing like having your favorite drink poured and ready for you AS you settle into your barstool!  And...they carry Gentleman Jack : )" The spicy crab soup and the chicken leek  soup were delicious and I suspect homemade. The Ruben washed down with the Mecktoberfest beer was a good combo.  Very good lunch and would come back to try the dinner menu. Thanks Alexander Michael's and Charlotte's Fourth Ward for an awesome end to my to short of a visit!" This a wonderful neighborhood bar and restaurant!  The type place you can find in Atlanta or other large city.  The food is very good and the service is excellent.  The draft beer selection is good.  I highly recommend this place.  North Carolina and decided to stop here because of Yelp. As it turns out this was the best restaurant wr have been to in a while. Quality food "I recently moved to the neighborhood and finally got around to having lunch here today. Most excellent! I look forward to coming back soon for dinner. Try the Cajun fries Alexander Michaels has become a Charlotte institution.  It has great food and a cozy atmosphere within the heart of Charlotte's oldest neighborhoods.  and the service is excellent.  I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered Alexander Michael's.  I would recommend the pasta dishes "We've been to Alexander Michaels a few times and love it each time. I find it to be romantic and quant. Our last trip was on Valentine's Day. We arrived early as they are first come first serve even on Holidays.  We started out with two beers and an order of potato wedges. The bacon and cheese covered dish was delicious and I'd get it again (without tomatoes).  For my entree I had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich with Cajun Fries and my husband had the London Broil Sandwich. We both enjoyed our meal and would recommend both menu items. We did not have any dessert this time I will give it a 2nd chance and visit again  very old and bar-looking. We were seated right away but the restaurant soon had a big wait at the door. I can see this is a neighborhood favorite. I'm currently in the ""I dine out too much and cook huge portions   eat as much as I feed my boyfriend"" stage By far my favorite place in Charlotte. The atmosphere and service are outstanding. Al Mike's is my first recommendation anytime someone asks where to eat. My only request.. Bring back Octoberfeast! Fried pickles are the best in town! TIP: Try their fried pickles! Oh my sweet goodness... best culinary surprise I've experienced in years. I was dying to order a second round of them because... wow... they were so good." "Came here for lunch w  some coworkers. Was surprisingly quiet. Had the jerk chicken salad special Bad food. Bug problem. In a neighborhood full of homeless roaming the streets like zombies.  Milt at the bar were super gracious and friendly hosts! Can't wait to come back to try their 4th Ward Stroganoff." Can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu!" "Al Mikes is the neighborhood spot. Food is always on point. Some personal favorites are the ""What it is"" and the ""4th Ward Beef Stroganoff"" . Both are unique and delish pastas. They have a great bar as well. Because of it's cozy ambiance The fried pickles are very good and the blackened fish sandwich is delicious. There are a number of local brews on tap and the atmosphere is great. Just a great place to hang. The restaurant can get a little loud but not too bad. It is a cozy location so that is to be expected."  this place would be my local watering hole if I lived in the 4th Ward.  Well done!" "This place is awesome. The ""what it is""...so delicious. I'm from Cincinnati and we come here at least once any time we are in town." "Brought family here from out of town and glad we did. Service and food were great. Staff was welcoming and the bartender helped us find beers our guests would like. Server made good  which I highly recommend. Extra points for offering Shine Bock on tap..a favorite beer I've missed dearly since Texas This place is located in such a great area! Parking can be a little tricky but other than its awesome. The menu and beer selection had a great range and the staff was friendly and make great suggestions. Also my boyfriends family is from Baton Rouge and this place does a great job of incorporating the Cajun flavor in its foods! I will be back! "I had a great time here last night. Good beer selection and tasty food. I had a watermelon beer which was really delicious  of best fries in the world.  I will make the 3 hour drive for those fries Beautiful location in the nest of some of Charlotte's downtown Victorian homes. The food is also very delicious and you can't find anything on the menu you don't want to try! If you're ever in this area give this local restaurant your time and you won't be sorry. I don't know what the hype is. I ordered steak which came out luke warm and over salted. It seemed old. Also my veggies weren't seasoned at all and were not even steamed. Not interested in returning. The service has always been top notch as well. I've never had a bad experience at Alexander Michaels and consider it one of my go-to restaurants when I'm looking for a unique charlotte restaurant that you can't get anywhere else." My husband and I went for lunch here and we loved it! It's located in a great location uptown and the service was great! My husband enjoyed the wings and I had a fantastic sandwich! Can't wait to go back and experience during dinner. Nothing special on this menu.... Overrated pub grub." Favorite restaurant in Charlotte! Food was great and so was the service. Perfect comfortable neighborhood pub. Wanna come back here.  What a charming spot." "Wonderful atmosphere. Loved the Christmas decorations. Dinner was fabulous. Had the baked chicken special This is our favorite dinner spot close to the house. Everything we have had from there has been great and it's the most cozy feeling restaurant around.  They get pretty busy on Friday and Saturday but the wait is normally pretty sort and worth it. The crab soup is out of this world good and no visit complete without it. Don't understand the hype. It a neat place. More of the neighborhood bar.  Not a good dinner place." Great 80s comfort food.  A must place to visit while in fourth ward.  The Ruben is the best with a side of pasta salad.  The pasta salad is simple but very good. A great place for a date or a small group before a Hornets game or the theater.  Several good micro beers too. Enjoy  but the wait is never a problem because you can sit at the bar and enjoy some local craft beers. We had the ""what it is"" and the ""honey chicken"" and loved both. The staff is nice and attentive and makes you feel like a local the second you walk in. Will definitely be going back!" "Al Mike's is my shit.  Want to a good place for a first date? Check.  Want Triple C babymaker in pints? Check?  Want awesome food at a great price?  Chickity friggin check. l Mike's is located in a really awesome part of the fourth ward.  Tree lined streeets and amazing houses.  Al Mike's itself looks like an awesome house turned into a restaurant.  When you walk in "Love this place! The atmosphere is awesome and the food is even better!! I've had the burgers several times and they are repeatedly phenomenal. That being said  great atmosphere!! Love the spicy crab soup This nice little hole in the wall is a gem to visit. The food was delicious and people are friendly.  I had a steak sandwich with their chips. Overall I would recommend this to anyone if they have some time ePP0Eqz8JKSbtdt2phiB4A  drinks and service were all amazing. Crab soup is to die for and so is the black bean hummus. GF got the veggie burger and I got the London Broil. Both were spectacular. I highly recommend this quaint location if you only have one night in Charlotte and want some of the best they have to offer. They were also able to offer great advice on what to do in town. Can't go wrong here." Recently moved to Charlotte-Uptown and LOVE this small neighborhood bar! Great beers on tap and bartender was friendly and helpful! Haven't eaten here yet and will definitely be back.  the service great and the prices very reasonable. Also portions that are properly sized for normal people - only one doggie bag among the 3 of us. Can't think of a thing to criticize. Go! You'll enjoy it. Don't let the ""dead end"" street sign and neighborhood aspects confuse you. You're in the right place to find this hidden little gem." Excellent food. I had the fried chicken with a side salad and steamed broccoli! It was served hot and was simply delicious! I will come back!  and the vinyl tablecloths were awkward.  I think the restaurant would do well to simplify the menu "Great food! Honey chicken pasta is highly recommended. Great for small groups but no reservations Definitely coming back"  cheese and tomatoes but it tastes amazing.  Get the Cajun fries with it and you will have a tasty meal!  The What It Is is blackened chicken on top of Cajun Alfredo sauce pasta. It's insanely good!  I've tried making it at home with a little success but it doesn't compare to how Al Mike's is! The owner and employees are all super friendly.  I really love that the restaurant is in an old Victorian style home nestled in Fourth Ward.  It's so cozy feeling.  Definitely a favorite stop! :)"  the service was bad.  It may have just been a slow night  and crawfish burritos.  All great choices IMO."  and very flavorful. The pasta salad was nice and simple. My dad had the Reuben and said it was ""packed with flavor."" He ordered a side of Cajun fries 4 stars for atmosphere. 2 stars for food and service and that's being generous. I was really disappointed because i was hoping for some great food. Nothing special. Hands down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Love the atmosphere. The food is always delicious and the employees are so nice. Definitely a hidden gem in Charlotte. 09hMpTBam1kA6sxJ6NCwgA "Milt (out bartender) was great! We were visiting out of town for a friends wedding and needed a mid afternoon pre-rehearsal drink. Our drinks were delicious (spicy bloody: saved my life "Really enjoyed this place. I went solo and loved the single booth in the back corner. Busy. It had a really nice ambiance. The What Is It chicken  and they have daily specials that I always look forward to checking out. Local beers Bonus: All of their bread is locally sourced from the outstanding Nova's Bakery in Plaza Midwood!" "I live in the neighborhood and believe this is a true gem in Charlotte.  Alexander Michaels has an atmosphere that is rare in a city full of boring corporate restaurants and pretentious foodie restaurants.   The food is consistently great I can't understand where these sub-4 star reviews come from but they obviously did not appreciate the beauty of the food served at AL Mike's. Done to perfection and seasoned perfectly our entire group really enjoyed the experience. It is sometimes crowded and noisey but IT IS A NEIGHBORHOOD BAR people. It is a wonderful experience on all levels. Good food. I had their wings and my wife had a salad with grilled chicken. The wings were big and juicy "Atmosphere and food were amazing. If you only have a chance for one dinner in Charlotte  I don;t care about wine! Plenty of local craft beers. Great service. Noisy and packed by the time we left  Alexander Michael's is a great neighborhood watering hole. We took a party of 5 who all have different tastes  and when is the best time to check this spot out? Right before you head out to a Panthers game of course!"  but wish I had the opportunity to try every thing else on the menu. I doubt I would ever be disappointed. If I get the opportunity "Great pub food and atmosphere.  Whether you're looking for lunch in uptown or drinks after work  it reminded me of a big city back street restaurant. I would definitely go back." Being a native of Charlotte... this is one of my all time favorite place to have lunch or dinner. great place and better staff. This is a true gem for Charlotte! Nachos are amazing! Try them original or with chicken. 'What it is' is also great. Everything we tried was awesome so you can't go wrong. This is one of my locals and they have their staple dishes. The location is great surrounded by historical homes all with a story. This is a good stop for a different feel on the way for an uptown adventure. Food is not the greatest however the overall ambience will sell you and keep you coming back. This is a must do in clt. Favorite restaurant in Charlotte... Food is amazing!! Only complaint is the size of the place... Really small so it can be difficult to get a table. Although part of the charm is that it's a mom and pop type of place.. I highly recommend it! "Great spot in an unexpected neighborhood. I agree with the other reviews - wish my neighborhood bars were like just this one. The bisque was great "A great neighborhood restaurant  bar. Off the beaten path in 4th Ward. Food is always consistently very good. Service is excellent. Despite disclaimers on their website about not taking reservations  which genuinely helps to make the Alexander Michael's experience. Al Mike's is what a neighborhood pub should be."  affordable restaurant. And frankly it is very nicely designed.  I am all about service. Little weak there when we first walked in and based on its size there is no reason not to be properly greeted. Murphy our Waitress was outstanding. Food was outstanding. Prices were totally affordable and worth every penny three people with an app My husband and I just love Al Mikes and the staff. Steve is always there working hard. Paul is one of our favorite bar tenders in Charlotte. Not too many pescetarian options which is my only downfall but the food is delicious with amazing craft beer choices! Get the nachos you won't be disappointed.  quaint feel of the place. This combined with the dim lighting and rustic wood makes it a great date spot. Food was delicious. The menu has an array of pasta's and hearty meat dishes. Good selection of local beers as well. ONLY reason This review isn't accompanied by 5 stars is the parking situation outside  grab dinner with the girls or date night spot!" This place is perfect for everyone. I was there with my parents and I noticed tables of guy friends "Went early on a Saturday night after a matinee at Belk Theater. Found a parking spot on the street very close to the restaurant. I imagine this doesn't happen as easily during normal dinner time. The restaurant is in a residential neighborhood. After a short wait we were seated. The historic building gives the vibe of a friendly This is a great casual spot for a date or just a night out with some friends!"  and watch out for the pole in the ladies bathroom!"  but it's worth it and you can try one of their many beers on draft while you wait. It's great because you can spend just $10 on a delicious sandwich & fries or treat yourself to a wonderful dinner entree. Dad's a picky eater  and the blackened catfish would make any southern fisherman happy. Not surprisingly they have a solid beer menu and the staff was attentive and friendly despite the huge crowds. If I'm ever back in this area Hidden gem! Great lunch food and cute atmosphere. Really enjoyed it! All things on the menu seem to look and taste great! Prices aren't bad either "Incredible. Had the blackened catfish and the Cajun fries - blown away by the taste and the spices. I will come back when I am here next to try the Jambalaya "I liked the place.  Food is definitely bar food "Decided on Al Michaels for a late dinner on a Monday. The Yelp reviews are right this place is awesome definitely must try. The food was phenomenal the crab soup Every time i have lunch at Alexander Michaels it is wonderful. I recommend this hidden gem to my coworkers in the music factory. I highly recommend you stop in for a meal and ice cold beer. Parking can be a little tough Their turkey club croissant is amazing. Such a good lunch stop! Awesome local place! Not easy to find but worth looking for! I recommend What It Is and a nice cold beer! Great draft selection! Wow!!! What an amazing place! Jerk Chicken Quesadilla is a must have!!! Good list of local brews. Tracy provided great service....working the bar and the tables! I will be back!!! The service continued the theme from the nice greeting and our food came out quickly. Al Mike's is absolutely the kind of place any neighborhood would welcome." "It's always great to find a place that seems that it just stopped in time and the rest of the world moved on. Alexander and Michaels is one of those places. It's in the middle of a beautiful Victorian Era neighborhood in  what used to be a general store. The inside gives the same impression Perfect neighborhood spot. Solid food - pasta and sandwiches. Diverse menu. Highly recommend if in the area.  on the way home from an event. We like to try new places and we were very pleasantly surprised by this gem. It's got a great ambience  and the best fried pickles I've ever had. Thanks Yelpers  and veggie burger were all very good. Steamed veggies and broccoli slaw sides were OK. Great spot in beautiful 4th ward"  so I wasn't much in the mood for food. I didn't see a lot of lighter options on the menu that I would eat (I'm picky)  wish places that do take reservations were as efficient and thoughtful. The atmosphere is very cozy and charming. The only drawback is parking can be a challenge My friend got the fish and looked to be marginally satisfied." Niec place to get a pint or watch a game... there food is suprisingly good... they have some sort of brisket sliders that are freaking awesome... if you are in uptown and need a place to watch sports with good food this is it...  and you're never too far from a bar. They've also got pretty decent bar food. A few years ago a bunch of friends and I rented out the big room on the second floor  she finally came back but then ran off again before we could tell her we were ready to put in our food order. We were starving! We finally flagged here down and placed the order. Good thing we ordered when we did  and a good starting or ending point if you're bar-hopping uptown."  especially if you're there to watch a game. It always seems to be packed so there must be something that keeps bringing people back again & again. Check it out & you may actually like it better than me if you don't like the loud sports crowd but still want to watch the game." I give it an A-OK for a lunch time hangout but all around I'm pretty underwhelmed by it."  onions and bacon pieces. I added blackened chicken to that sucker and it was crucial. The service was good and our waitress was very knowledgeable."  you would enjoy this place..  It just isn't up my alley though.  I do have to say that it was clean and all of the employees know what they are doing though."  you want to play pool--come on down." "I had some friends in town from Chicago and they really wanted to find a bar to watch a Bears game. So we headed to Fox & Hound to check it out. My friend quickly dubbed the bar a ""Football Model UN"" because of the variety of football fans there. Fox & Hound probably had 10 games going in different areas of the bar I really like this place mostly because the Black Forest and the drink specials.  I usually have a good time here.  The other food isn't amazing  we wanted a more laid back atmosphere and walked over here.  I've been to Fox and Hounds all over the country so I knew what to expect.  Had the French Dip which was loaded and very good.  This is always a pretty reliable place for decent pub grub and a beer.  But All in all a decent place to hangout in Charlotte." -6JY1T0w4XETux5kGOj84g Not a good experience for us." But the food - no. I got the fish sandwich at the Huntersville location - poor choice. I got the chicken sandwch at the Tryon location - looked like it belonged on the kids menu; and it took 30 minutes Never been there at any other time than to watch sporting events I have had the wings here..blah and the veggies are gross with brown tips on the celery.  Yuck.  It is a huge space and has cool giant tvs so if I was just here to watch the game and drink it would be okey dokey.  There are a ton of places to watch the game though that have great food...sigh...."  negative review I have posted."  but girls abound.  Standard beers and drinks."  spacious...but a little lacking in character.  Seems like a great spot to watch a sporting event of some kind.  The guy girl ratio is way off - but there was also a UFC fight on that evening ($5 cover was charged due to the fight).  They had a nice area with pool tables but those were  Tuesday nights is $2.00 draft nights (mostly domestic labels only).  Also they have a rewards program here and it's called the All Star Brew Club I believe.  You earn points for the beer you buy and at certain thresholds you get things like  and they'll usually have all the important sporting events on We got into the city late and looked for a fast bite. Typical bar food and cheap beer. I had some 2 dollar drafts and had some nachos. The crowd got a bit rough later on through the night. It will officially be my pub when I am in Charlotte. Great for UFC fights. I ordered from the lunch menu - the beer battered chicken tenders with a side order of fries.  Food was quickly served FHofjlnlxqdvSSkQ6UkNZw Simply a bad experience. A group of us came to Charlotte from Cheyenne for a training course and wanted a good local place have dinner and drinks. The place wasn't busy at all and it took 20 minutes from the time we sat down to get out drink order taken and get our beverages. The food took way too long as well and was only lukewarm. I assure you I will not return to this establishment on this trip or any future trips.  but the apparent lack of cusomer service and quality control more than overshadowed his attempt to make things right. I refuse to EVER set foot in this sub-par establishment again."  but the service completely destroyed any possibility of a good experience." "Groupon has allowed me to try new restaurants in places I never knew existed.I Have been to uptown many times and never noticed Fox and Hound. That could also be Rock Bottom Brewery sits across the street and makes this place seem so much smaller. My visit was at 2pm and we experienced some difficulty with parking. It also is DNC week and parking is off limits except for a few places along the street. Luckily we found one after circling 4 times. We walked in and it was awkward. One of those moments that you see in movies where a bar is noisy everyone stops and stares then goes about their business. Normally this isn't an issue but when the waitress and bartender does this its....awkward. We found a booth and sat and waited to be greeted. We waited  sometimes the service can be bit slow. It's usually fine but it admittedly has a few more bad days than some other places. On the other hand they have pretty solid lunch specials  but allowed us to choose the TV they put the game on. We weren't too hungry so we ordered a few appetizers to split. They were ok. Nothing to get too excited about. Overall  I rarely see under 90.  I worked in the industry for a while and it must be  a gross kitchen if this is true.  I'm hoping that it was just a day inspection randomly showed up during a mass rush."  and I don't think I will be returning. Nothing stood out about this place with so many other great options just a block away."  I had the steak! It was cooked perfectly and had good seasoning and was juicy! Onion straws are a must try!  The service was fast and friendly! Oh and their food grade was a 97!" Trivia has moved to Monday!  but we were checked every 15-20 minutes which isn't fast but not slow either. And we were just enjoying the game. I like the mix of customers too. Young and old. and all different sports and teams. Really a cool place to watch games and THEY DO HAVE GOOD FOOD!"  my sandwich was soggy but the french fries were good. But you can go to Mc Donalds for good fries sooooo yeah. Don't bother." "We just received the worst service ever I will never come back. Its shocking that on wing special night it was merly 6 tables. One person actually went to the back to fix their own drinks. We had To ask for everything numerous of times. Service was very slow ass and the management was not customer friendly. I personally was not thinking to take pictures of all the screw ups due to all of the complaints the whole table was making. I hated to make so many complaints but I've never experienced such horrible service. It was awful We couldn't find any positive in it. As a matter of fact the waitress didn't even come back to pick up all the checks. It Was 7 of us and 6 ppl got their checks. We told the management We needed to pay another check and that We didn't know why the waitress would leave one out  and eating on the 2nd floor patio which looks onto the Hearst  plaza is a great experience during the warmer months.  At night Ri-Ra's has live music and a DJ which alternate floors depending on the night.  The bartenders are excellent  and great (meaning talented and not obnoxious) Irish Scottish entertainment." not your average Irish pub... on the weekends it can get packed... and upstars they have a DJ or band and it can get a lil crazy... on big nights it is hard to move beacuse of so many pople but i guess it is like that everywhere in CLT... i have never eaten there food... but have heard it is ok...  definitely recommend it!  The decor is very authentic and could definitely see this place getting pretty crowded later on at night since the upstairs and downstairs are really not that big.  However "I went here one morning in search of a proper fry-up.  It was okay.  The service was pretty good; but  looks like an authentic pub. They've got great food. Service is pretty good as well. Like most bars in Charlotte it's filled with smokers but that's par for the course in NC. Two levels  but the wait staff was super friendly and suggested better spots for me to check out.  Beer selection was pretty typical and drink prices were pretty cheap (considering I live in NY)....Next time i'll try the food!" I just found out that it is a chain.  While I am surprised it does make sense  since everything in Charlotte tends to be a chain.  Very few places with local flavor especially in Uptown Charlotte."  low-key beer every now and then.  But seems you have taken a turn away from legitimacy  so don't go on weekends if you don't like being mauled to death by overly tan twenty somethings in polo shirts." "We were there on a Friday night and LOVED it!! Upstairs wasn't our thing. We got a table below the band (a guitar player and drummer) and we just could not stop dancing! I haven't danced in public in so long wFF4hf5srVtnLfpsfNSy4w The bar is attractive.  The beer is cold.  The fish and chips ranks right up there with Mrs. Paul's  with the big wooden chairs and comfortable atmosphere.  The food was about the same as the bar back home too.   Good but not spectacular.  It tasted very fresh and well cooked It sounded like there was alot more fun to be had upstairs(live band  Ri Ra just never seems to impress me and or make me want to come back again. I'm sure there is a reason the place is always packed  as I've never eaten here. I have seen a menu though  if you get a table. I recommend getting in around dinner time and leaving before the late-night crowd gets too thick."  but not the best or most authentic Irish Pub I've been to. After all I am weighing it against Boston pubs..." It's definitely hopping on a Saturday night and boasts a nice and pretty downtown location...but god It's right next to the Bank of America building and offers a huge plaza of outdoor seating  the candle-lit atmosphere would have been awesome. I had the beef and Guiness stew. It was heavy and so so delicious. So my point is that if RiRa's doesn't suit you as a bar "I have visited the Charlotte Ri Ra several times when I have been in Charlotte on business and have always enjoyed myself. Yeah Apparently it's cool to wear a Christmas sweater too.  Do it." And it may have just been the Irish Twists handling my perceptions Oh! And if you get a chance to dine outside on the patio take it! It's always comfortable and has a seperate restroom out there which is nice since there's not an abundance of restrooms."  but if I could do it again I would have the full serving of the magnificent mac n' cheese. The lunch menu was extensive with very reasonable prices. The best thing about this place however was our waiter "My brother took me and my parents here after a Bobcats game.  It was pretty crowded and my brother and dad had to pay a cover (it was ladies night).  We were able to find a couple of stools together and sat down.  The bartenders were very quick to come over and get our drink orders.  We were also seated close to the live band that was playing Randomly wandered into this fine establishment on a Wednesday night. Great setting to watch some playoff action with a beer at the bar. Bartender was friendly and quick. Atmosphere chill. Decorations were right on for an Irish pub. WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ ohhhhh welll... guess i'll have to go back again next time!" eighteen dollars gone"  talking about Ulysses. But its' sports bar alter-ego is definitively what pays the bills." I will be heading back to Ri Ra very soon to try some Guinness stew or a traditional Irish breakfast!" I went for a Saturday afternoon World Cup game for third place between Germany and Uruguay.  Most tables in front of the screen were taken but not packed so it wasn't too noisy.  Service was really slow but the waitress was authentic.  Not the best review since I ordered a salad at a pub but the salad was good & fresh.  I tried the sweet potato fries too.  The fries were a little soggy but will go back under different circumstances to try them out since the beer selection is extensive and within walking distance.  but the food we ordered never arrived.  Wild dogs couldn't drag me back." "Last time I went it was about 3pm on a weekday and there were 3 guys sitting at the bar Ttalking with a male bartender.  I stood there for approx 5-7 mins before I was even acknowledged.  Needless to say Authentic Irish feel with a friendly staff and warm atmosphere. Expected selection of draft beers for an Irish Pub. Good selection of bottled beers.  it definitely a ""stick to your ribs"" dinner.  Most entrees are in the $10-$20 range.  The bevvy selection is varied and lean towards British Irish varieties. The staff are congenial  the burgers are half priced if you eat in!  They grind their meat in house so you can get them as rare as you like.  I strongly recommend getting the hand cut chips The omlette came with potatoes and a thick cut of toast perfectly toasted.  I mean where else can you get brunch severed with such a great beer selection?!" "I cannot believe i have not reviewed Ri Ra's before!  This is a good after work spot for a few drinks and maybe a quick bite.  The bar is well stocked and has all the items you would expect from an Irish Pub.  They have a pretty good beer selection as well which is nice to see.  The food is pretty good but typical to what other irish places serve.  (Fish and chips I went to Ri Ra recently on a Friday night for a coworkers going away shindig.  I had a really good time.  I enjoyed the dark cave like old time bar aesthetic.  The had some diverse options on tap.  In the downstairs area there was some live acoustic guitar singer.  Upstairs consisted of a DJ and lights - playing standard top hits.  There is a deck off the 2nd floor that was pretty popular the night I was there - a nice respite from the noise inside.  one word:  DIVINE while husband choose the special of Pot Roast which they were out of and instead ordered a favorite standby of Sheperd's Pie.  After eating every bite and wondering if anyone would notice if we licked our plates (just kidding but seriously our meals were THAT good) we ordered dessert of Irish soda bread pudding which our server managed to score us the last serving of (told you she made up for her earlier seemingly disinterest) and shared its goodness over a coffee press.  What an excellent way to spend New Year's Eve and looking forward to our next return visit!" WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  great place to hang out with friends and  meet new people!" BUT I do love the balcony with a great  ant's eye view of the city. Look straight up and see the best buildings in Charlotte and a great night sky." Decent late night menu if you're really...really in the mood for pub food.  The burger was not bad...stay away from the hot dogs.  Nice to place to go listen to live local talent  but now that they banned smoking in the bars (hooray!) it turns the deck into a smokers haven at times."  but you are in Uptown.  What do you expect?  It's somewhat better than the offerings of the Epicenter Friendly service and sweet potato tater tots WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  and if I lived in Charlotte I'm pretty certain I'd be here regularly." "Moderate beer choices and decent food. Even though this is a very cookie-cutter Irish pub "food--- great    booze----great   service-- great  if you do not like this place  "Usually love this place. Good food  we came back for dinner. The right of us all loved our meals. The shepard pie was especially good and the sweet potato tater tots with a side of Guinness bbq sauce was a hit with entire table. We will most likely be back here again this week." Ri Ra is a classy version of the Irish pub I love to feel at home in. Go check it out. It might just save your impression of Uptown."  though it was Soup of the Day and I would check out the Fried pickles and see what else might look good!" Ri Ra redeems itself a bit with a nice pub atmosphere. Although... a more unique selection of Irish brews would be a nice improvement."  I still enjoy the energy of the place.  The service can be hit-or-miss depending on busy they are." Just stopped in for a quick pint and the selection of beer and whiskey are great and the bartender was friendly.  Kinda confused how a Irish pub does not offer Scotch Eggs though. This place NEVER disappoints.  I took my girlfriend there this past Saturday evening for dinner (10 22 11).  I had my normal Guiness stew and she had the steak pie.  I had never seen the steak pie on their menu but it was amazing!  Services was great as always and we had a wonderful meal.  Ri Ra is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte and if you like pub food this place is the absolute best! Stick with a Jameson's or Guinness after work and move elsewhere for dinner." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  though I didnt eat there they seemed to have a very extensive menu and the guy next to me was eating something like a shepards pie. All in all I would recommend this place." Fish and chips were great. Shrimp and grits was a great Irish twist on a southern favorite. Potato cakes were also good. Service was fast and friendly. We stopped in visiting Charlotte and plan on going back. Can't rate the food but we had an excellent time at Ri Ra!  Great service behind the bar on a busy Friday night! Thanks to all!  but this is usually our go to spot on weekends.  There is a mix of people and the downstairs and upstairs are like night and day on the weekends.  The downstairs usually has a DJ with people sitting around which is good for mingling.  The upstairs there is usually a live band playing.  There are a bunch of good beers and drinks.  If you get bored work your way to the dance floor to watch a bunch of drunk people who cannot dance worth a damn.  Its a site that needs to be seen.  Also  this was a great meal. I come here for lunch all the time as I work down the street in Uptown. And if you go here for lunch My fish and chips were really pretty good. I got the regular size and the piece of fish I got was enormous. I can only imagine how huge an actual large would be. The fish and chips are amazing. They even have a late night menu for the night owls! Awesome food awesome drink specials awesome wait staff 5 out of 5 place is incredible casual pub downstairs more upscale upstairs great bars giant patio love the place you always see a friendly manager who never fails to stop and check in with each table to make sure everything is perfect and if it isn't they absolutely make it right... Crazy good Guinness Sundae for dessert as well!!! Try it if you haven't!! This place has pretty fresh ingredient and I would no doubt be coming here if I was working downtown. However I was visiting Charlotte for business and came for lunch with my boss. The sandwich line was pretty long so we decided to go inside the restaurant to sit down and order. The hostess and server was great. We ordered and our food was brought out fairly quickly. It was a Monday and lunchtime but the place was not packed when we got there. A few more customers did trickle in while we were there but it wasn't crowded. My boss ordered a soup and sandwich combo and he said it was delicious. I ordered the Irish stew with a side of cesar salad. Both were delicious as well. I loved how the stew is made with lamb and it a nice cracked pepper taste to it. A co-worker of mine said that they have the best macaroni and cheese but I did not try it. I wanted to try the fish and chips may have to do this on my next business trip. There are way too many restaurants in the area that I have not tried yet and want to before I go home. Another tip is to ask for the frequent flyer card.  Buy 8 combos (chips + drink) get a sandwich free!"  this bar has several different areas to suit different tastes. Downstairs is usually more subdued with its true Irish-pub feel. Upstairs is dark and slightly clubby. Both offer live music that usually cuts off at a certain hour to let a DJ play (top 40s and fun classics- seldom electronic or techno). The best part though Great food. I had the hooley kebab for dinner. It was on the lunch menu but they still let me order it. Huge portion. Tasted my dads lamb stew and loved it! It was trivia night so winning 50 bones certainly helped w that 5th star;)  a wonderful beer selection. Just know that this one star rating ONLY applies to the beef short ribs dish Great food and atmosphere!!! The Cottage Pie and Fish & Chips were excellent. The service was fantastic.  Will definately be back. Awesome authentic Irish bar..very warm. And welcoming wait staff. I had the lamb stew and it was the most tender lamb I had in a long time . If I come to Charlotte again am back here. Would possibly go back - but just for appetizers and drinks."  there was a cover for the privilege of listening to a lousy cover band playing tired seventies tunes in a room with terrible acoustics--apparently without a soundboard--and putting down money on overpriced drinks  but not the Italian you would get in NYC.  Charlotte's nice version though.  The line is long and slow though so expect to wait.  The bar part and the upstair dining is great for drinks and apps.  That is all folks."  but I'm glad someone think that they are."  too. Looking forward to go hand and see if it's also cool for a drink on a weekend night."  and a red sauce that reminded me of salsa but with a more tomato base and no spice. I have had better calamari at hole in the wall restaurants."  and not heavy or greasy.  Mom got the chopped salad which was also great.  We sat on the upstairs deck area and people watched.  It was pretty cool.  The weather was great as was our server.  I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more food They host an Irish session on Sunday nights-  So happy to see an Irish themed pub making an effort by supporting local Irish musicians." A Charlotte classic hang out :)  very courteous and prompt. Would recommend anyone in the area to try it out" Service and food qualiyt was great and a fun location to drink at!" It was fairly cost effective for the area as well." "Cool Ipub in dtown. All the regular beers on draft. Decent bar food  awesome ambiance and great food!" Ri Ra is definitely a solid 4* and we'll be back the next time we're in Charlotte." Overall wonderful experience. I hope they continue to be so and when we visit again So overall - okay food good vibes. I'd probably give it another shot  I had a fabulous time at Ri Ra... I might have to start going out a bit more often..."  I would still come back here for a sandwich and some apps." I went with friends to a show at Belk Theatre and we wanted to eat somewhere close. We just happened in to Ri Ra not really knowing anything about it. I can't remember having a better meal! The service was excellent and the ambiance is more than you could ask for in a pub. We felt like we were dining alone in our booth as we couldn't even see other patrons. I would definitely eat here again and again! Ri Ra is a great place to have a nice relaxing drink of whiskey and taken in a football (soccer) game."  and a great selection of beer that will satisfy" "I understand everyplace has its rules. My friends had a pre-wedding party here. And at 10pm it becomes a "" standing bar"" only. But did your staff have to be rude to the parents who were still sitting down a little respect goes a long way. We will not be going back." The only complaint I had was that the service was a little slow for me given I had a flight to catch and mentioned it to my server." If you have any appreciation for the Irish and our wonderful food  reservations are not valued here.  We had a reservation for 7 and were told it would be a 20 min. wait.  Walked over to Harvest Moon Grille and had lunch instead.  Wish I could have reviewed the food..." The large employee guy with blonde hair was belligerent and trying to start fights with several us last night. He needs to be fired and needs to be some changes made. "I've been here a few times and I always have a pretty good experience. It has a decent siize bar with many options of beer on tap. I've gotten Shepherd's Pie and it was pretty good. I'll stop in again for a couple of beers  oh! That's right. I didn't get what I ordered. I over cooked greasy fries like everyone else. The brisket was very good thought. It had shoe string onion rings and slaw on it. The meat was a bit over cooked. It was a beautiful day to hand with friends on the sunny deck!"  did get a little busy but was very much like a dive bar  meet up before going out or hitting this place late night Ri Ra is a great spot in Charlotte. Right down town and close to night life and the professional sector. I eat here often and I have yet to have a bad experience. Brunch here is amazing  and they have live music later in the evening on weekdays." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  and a fun night. I give Ri Ra a thumbs up!"  but could not get served. We sat down at one of the tables ( more or less stood by it because it needed cleaning) & waited for a server. One did walk by our table to grab the tip from the table behind us  but the Staff at RiRa handled our group of 19 on a thirsty Thursday evening with ease!  Don't let uptown parking scare you away from crashing this party So it was Monday night and St Patties day to top it off. The crew remembered me from my day time lunch roamings. It was nice to have a Guiness or two  I'd probably stop in here again just for old time's sake. And if you have never been Stopped in on whim for Happy Hour.  Had delicious fish tacos.  All small plates were half off for Happy Hour making this place a steal for good food.  Will definitely be returning! Ri Ra is a fairly nice looking place with a decent selection of beers on tap Really nice outdoor patio. Sunday drink special on whiskey was really good. Very reasonable price for uptown. Nice variations on Irish cuisine.  Worth checking out!  and enjoy the great food.  Menu prices are just a little steep but worth the price as you relish the Irish cuisine with a Guinness!" I've been here a few times at this point and it's always fairly good. The food is decent but nothing to rave about and the atmosphere is a good one. I haven't hung out here but from what I understand it's good for the bar experience. I usually go here to dine though as it's convenient to the Belk Theatre. This last visit I had steak tips and potatoes and honestly it wasn't great. The meat had a funny taste to it and the potatoes had no taste to them and some of them had gone bad I think. My grandmother had the fish and chips and she said it was decent. So for what it's worth that was our last experience. I've kind of combined all my trips into this one rating so 3 stars is about all I'd give it. This place is great. Good servers.  Takiyyah is the best. Ask for her.  Great food and a great place to bring a large group. We also got the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer. It was super creamy and cheesy- I'd definitely recommend it!"  service is awesome. Love the atmosphere!"  relaxed environment. A Charlotte favorite for me." One of my first experiences in uptown when I moved here...what a great Irish pub not to mention the food is out of this world...definitely recommend  but there is no way for me to know because they were out of utensils.   How can a place that makes salads to go be out of utensils?  And the worst part is that you don't know it until you already through the line and have paid.  They should let people know before they pay.  The guy at the register made no apology or attempt to find some way to provide something to eat with.  Now sitting at my desk with a salad that I can't eat  which was really good. The bread was done just like a Cuban sandwich down in Miami. The sweet potato fries were OK Fun place! Good food and drinks. Live band upstairs on the weekends. However the bartender lost my credit card when I went to close it out only to call me the next day to say they found it. Too bad I had already closed my account. Maybe they should get a better system like swiping when you order vs. holding it? Now I'm not the type of guy who tries to find fault at every little thing to get a free meal. But come on. I would assume We visited this pub on our first trip to Charlotte. The Guinness Stew and Potato Cakes were very tasty. Our server was friendly and fast. Our beers were never empty before we had a refill. Great place!  on a Friday night there should not be only 2 bartenders for a packed bar. Easily takes 10 min to get a drink. I like the space and the patio but it means nothing if I can't get a drink."  it was busy but the bartenders were on top of it. They seemed to get to each person quickly and made the drinks quickly. I was very impressed. The drink prices seems on par for what you would expect  as well. I liked it and the atmosphere of the bar." Just had an Angus beef blue cheese burger with onions mushrooms and cheese that was out of this world.  there are staff from Erin who are happy to serve you.  The Guinness is good and the craic is better when with friends.  Only complaint is that I think they deep fry the white and black pudding which is a no-no..."  with the traditional wood paneling everywhere. Plenty of tvs for us to watch the games. We came in for a late brunch and it's was so delicious. My coffee came in it's own French press (which I will now buy for myself) and the breakfast sandwich had bangers WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ It was nice to have a late night eating option in uptown Spinach dip the only saving grace. Oh  they acted like making a drink for me was outside of their job description. Even the door man commented on how rude the bartenders were. Never going back." "Ri Ra's is right outside of my office ... so my colleagues and I frequent it a few times a month. Their burgers are delicious ... you can't go wrong with the 704  the staff didn't have to be as great as they were (really could have just sent us on our way)  the dubliner was awesome (I love lamb meat)" "I ordered the stuffed French toast and ""won brunch"" amongst the group of seven I was with. I highly recommend it. Don't waste your time and calories on anything else!"  Food blogger at Fiction Faith & Foodies"  $12 for a basic hamburger and $14 for a Reuben sandwich. Might be a good place to drink but save your money regarding their food."  etc if you're under 27 and looking to bar hop Uptown. Their fish and chips looked as if it had been dunked in Vaseline  and we got a few Reuben sandwiches. All was good. They have a few of dipping sauces for the fries and pickles. Went well with a good Guinness. Our server Alex was super nice and although it was busy we got our good and drinks in a timely manner. Cool little spot to pop in when in Charlotte."  and salad options. My favorite item on the menu so fast has got to be the honey mustard grilled chicken spinach wrap. I highly recommend this place for your lunch option. It also doesn't hurt that they are literally right next door to my work so I don't have to walk far." WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ  they ""lost"" our reservation that I had received confirmation of weeks prior. I guess luckily they weren't busy and we were able to be sat in about 15min. Our waitress was either new or not having a good night as she was very not a people person that evening. About 5 of the menu items we asked about or tried to order were all sold out or discontinued. I went there specifically for the Guinness Beef Stew and was informed that even though it was on the Chef's Specials menu "Excellent beer selection and wonderful food choices. The fish and chips is the best I've ever eaten. We love making this a stop on our bar hopping nights They've just redone their lunch menu. I must say this is the best burger I've had in Charlotte! Always had fun here at night and beer is always gold and delicious. Ri Ras is my new favorite go-to burger place for lunch. Love it! I'd rather be here than a few of the other spots I saw nearby. Plan on dropping a 20 spot for a couple beers and an app."  great atmosphere to get together with friends but not my first choice and not sure I would return anytime soon."  the menu was recently changed significantly reducing menu options including the elimination the best item on the menu - Guinness stew.    How does an Irish bar eliminate Guinness. Stew???  Know your customers  but simple menu. Had an awesome lamb burger and the hand cut chips  she gave the impression that she was hurrying us out the door--she asked if we were ready for the check but failed to ask if we wanted dessert (we did). She wasn't the only poor server---after our meal  RI. Ordered fish and chips and short ribs. Ratio of fish to fries left my husband hoping for more fish. Short rib was chewy although flavor was good-- not worth $18. Although I respect and appreciate the fact it was grass fed. Additionally we were seated at a table that was super awkward-- legs made sliding into the booth cumbersome. Decent service. Probably will check out the myriad other places Charlotte has to offer before I'd come back"  he was able to entertain and regale us throughout the night with his stories and random old-world European knowledge of this little former English colony of North Carolina."  our waiter Ray is five months removed from Ireland bringing a real Irish flare.   Service was outstanding.   Would recommend highly for a casual night out on the town." Sorry to be so mean in this review....but this is unfathomable" The Whiskey Room atmosphere is wonderful. Ask for Ray or Adam; I got an education on Irish whiskey tonight and they won't steer you wrong.  but I had such a great experience I will definitely have to go back to try the food." The inside bar is tastefully done and still holds strong to the Irish theme. The best spot for a quiet rooftop drink without a ton of people. Ordered food from brunch menu to find out after half an hour that they are not serving brunch. The reason the brunch menu is new and shouldn't have been out until next week. Well we had food from the same menu two months ago.  spinach and artichoke dip and Fish and Chips!!  Great date night!! All amazing!! Great for live bands when you can catch them!!"  fast service for lunch. The pub and the woodwork are beautiful. It has a great atmosphere for business or for fun." I definitely will keep this place in mind in the future."  a pickle spear and a cup of water cost me $10.01. Threw most of it out. I will not be returning. My lunch companion had roast beef and regretted ordering anything. Find another lunch option if you care about taste and price."  the rye bread!! How did I leave this till the end. We thought it was one of the best we had. And the butter that comes with it were real Irish. So good job all around impressing us. Thanks."  was very friendly and responsive.  I got the pot pie and it was great.  The lamb made it.  I tried a local brew and an Irish beer.  Both were delicious.  I will come back next time."  the bouncer made us leave our table right away to clear all the chairs from the floor.  We didn't even have the tab yet.  Bouncer was extremely rude.  Wouldn't go back there again" Because we were watching the match I decided to finish off the meal with an Irish coffee.  Which can be risky... They actually serve it the correct way!  Coffee  offerings.  Sadly the service (or lack thereof) means we won't be bringing our big groups back here. It really seemed like the server was out of her element." Update: a member of my party shared the experience with a manager and she adjusted the bill to compensate for the service. That earns an additional star from me."  but avoid this place on the weekends. It changes from an Irish pub to a douchebag magnet club with ridiculously loud hip hop and Pop 40 music ." The service itself wasn't to great either. We had a group of people and you would expect him to take everyone's order at the same time but everyone had to call him individually to place a food order which caused everyone to eat at a different time and in the end people still didn't get their food until we almost had to leave again." Not too much to say bad about this place. The ambiance was what you would expect from a true Irish pub. I especially their specialized seating. For instance we had a raised booth next to a storm fireplace that overlooked one of the bars. The food was excellent as well. The deep fried Reuben was probably the best Reuben I've ever had. Wife at the hooped salad and she said she loved it. I had some of the kid's fish and chips and and they were both good. Overall a good experience.  but there were 3 kids who were allowed to run around. The parents and  management seemed to be oblivious to the action of the kids. One of the waiters had stop so that he wouldn't drop the large platter of food!! The wait staff was not that great either!" Just ate there today.  OMG the lamb burger is awesome.  Excellent knowledge of beer there.  Excellent atmosphere.  It's old school wood walls and tables etc.  I felt like I was back in Ireland again.  All the staff was also European of that area.  England Ireland etc.  It stunk a little but so does the area.  Could be related.  Excellent food though and ambiance. Guinness Stew is out of this world.  I'm a fan of Ri Ra  or just some brews at the bar I have never been disappointed."  nothing worth coming back for. The service was poor (unfriendly and seemed very bothered to even be at work) and with disappointing service and mediocre food  pretty dark but definitely had the feel of an Irish pub. I will say the service was great. Or server was very attentive and personable. We actually ended up seeing him out at the next bar once he was off his shift and we had a great time hanging out with him for a bit! Overall not a bad place to hang out with friends and have a few drinks "We were there for my best friends 41st bday and sat at the bar. The bartenders attitude were like ""we r annoyed cause we r there"". Ordered food and asked for extra plates cause there were 4 of us  and learn tonight they actually recruit from Ireland for their servers. Excellent food grade beers"  bartender had a genuine conversation with me. Felt very real. Guinness was poured correctly. There was an odd  and you can definitely tell the folks who run this place take great pride in caring for their customers and representing their heritage in the food they serve.  My wife and I real liked the fried Ruben sliders I've also never had a problem getting a drink at the bar fairly quickly. The bartenders have always been very nice and make great drinks." Still need to check this place out for dinner." I'm visiting from New Jersey with one of my friends. We walked in and waited to be sat. No one came or even looked at us. We decided to sit at the bar. The bartender looked at us walked away. I assumed he would come back after helping another person at the bar. After 10 minutes he never returned. In the mean time a waitress also saw us sitting there politely ignoring us still. Drink less food less. Needless to say the RI Ra in Atlantic City is way better. When I come back to Charlotte I won't be trying this restaurant again. They get one star for having an ""ok"" live band on a Friday eve."  we were having a great time and really enjoying ourselves until we asked for the eagles to be played over the house sound system (as they are my sisters favorite band) the bartenders kindly went to the back office and got the eagles playing for us so we could dance and sing and enjoy ourselves until Debby downer the manager marched out from the back and turned the music way down and demanded to know form her staff who had turned the music up with a big grumpy face on her she marched off...the bartenders told us to take no notice and keep on singing WuCcv_Dyd_1B_1-4jwK7sQ "My boyfriend and I went to RiRa's last night while waiting for our table at another place. I had been there before but he had not. I told him that he had to try the potato latkes and a Guinness. I had Jameson. We love the vibe of this bar. It really feels like we're sitting in an Pub back in Ireland. The Irish bartenders are nice to look at too.  The potato latkes were amazing as always. You get two in an appetizer portion. One of them was a little overdone on one side but still great. My boyfriend loved the Guinness and kept saying how long it had been since he had real Guinness. Even this morning  Ri Ra's is also home to my favorite burger in the QC. All hail the 704. Bacon...pimento cheese...fried pickles...brioche bun...delicious patty...it is unreal. This beauty along with their delicious Brussel sprouts are a match made in heaven (and make me feel slightly healthy...ish). I brought a recent convert here with me for a Sunday evening dinner after she expressed her desire for some greasy food (it had been a long weekend). Our awesome waitress Aisling kept us fed and well-hydrated. Most if not all of the wait staff are in a foreign exchange program so that's pretty awesome too. Ri Ra's is also one of my favorite happy hour spots. They have a great patio and yummy apps (spinach artichoke dip YUM). You will not be disappointed if you come here for any meal Drinks more expensive than other bars which was surprising" "Have you ever been to a sports bar where there is no games on? Enough said. If I must give you more reason why you can skip this place  when it's from a package? Why give french fries with most of them burned? Why not have a vegetarian burger in addition to all the artery clogging ones? The reason for the one star A sports bar is never going to be my first choice of where to grab a beer. But if it's sports you are looking for- check this place out. Just make sure the bartender knows what it is YOU want to watch. It's more fun that way!"  they should not be this bad....." vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w  service was pretty bad but more than anything I'm just mad at myself that I didn't do a bit more research. Definitely should have found a local lunch gem that would have satisfied my appetite and need for a great cultural experience. There's always next time."  the tea tasted like crap and the food took foreeeeever to come. The waitress shifted from friendly to rude and then back I was thinking about asking her if she had a evil twin sister or something." vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w My advice....avoid it and keep it movin!" The kicker: the sidewalk sign outside their door read ""Charlotte's Finest"" ... Methinks not."  and we haven't seen our waitress in 45 minutes (writing this review while waiting to ask for the check). I'll write another review tomorrow if I'm still here waiting."  it was St. Patricks day and the place was packed  beer so-so and food not up to par.  Sorry guys you really need to repair the beer machine and hire a cook." I guess if it's raining out and you are stuck and have no place to go I'd check it out. But under any other circumstances you'd probably get a better meal by walking a half block in any direction." "Good sports bar. Went here after the Bobcats game expecting it to be super packed like the other nearby bars  but you might expect somewhere between fast food and made to order here." We didn't eat but it seems to be typical bar-food. The atmosphere looks very corporate circa 90s ...if that makes any sense. I wouldn't run back anytime soon (not a very interesting unique bar) but at the time it fit the bill just fine."  not many people in the bar.  The reason I gave it two stars is due mainly that the food is horrible.  We ordered chicken wings and they were uneatable  I was yearning for the Hooter's across the street. Very dark  the chicken was cold. It tasted like it was refrigerated from days ago. The only thing I liked was their ranch sauce. The bar was noisy for only a few guys being there and there were TV's everywhere! It was kind of uncomfortable."  drinks came out pretty fast but that was it... waited about 15 minutes for the bartender to take our order which we cashed out and moved on to another place to eat. There were more employees in the restaurant than guests vIXUw1cLG84-m8LzOg3f-w Love all the options to catch the latest in sports entertainment!" Very quick to get drinks but 45+ wait for the food.  It was good and very tasty but good grief. They need to get it together. It's a great place to have lunch uptown. When the weather is nice you can sit on the patio and people watch. It's a safe place to bring non-adventurous lunch guests  not pushy and generally very accommodating to the diner.  If you're in uptown and want a good beer (summer wheat and stouts were excellent)  me and my wife went here many times since moving to charyork [since everybody here is from nyc!!!]lol.  the fist two times the food was great! let me recomend the spicy nachos!!! omg! the best! in charlotte! and the shrimp and grits! southern perfection! but the 3rd times the charm! were in the hell did they get there waiter staff from the circus! these guys and gals have no sense of whats going onin the kitchen. if better give your waiter or waitess step by step directions on our food! but for the money and qulity of food rock bottom gets passed on the chop block!"  cause it was crowded. The wait was 35-50 minutes. I really didn't know what to choose --- so i end up ordering Beer Battered Fish and Chips (os os) and the ribs and chicken combo w  fries (os os). There was nothing really special about the food. Charlotte doesn't have much to offer when it comes to food =P" outdoor seating too - a+"  not disappointing.  RB is average across the board.  Try the Hazelnut Crusted Chicken."  with pineapple sauce on top and rice pilaf underneath. I am craving it again as I type this. It is also very cool to walk into a place and order your beer by saying ""red It's also a great venue for events. I attended a work-related party here  & remember to order my beer before I eat my meal."  their own creations. Try 'em all. They're really good."  inviting and warm destination for anyone looking for an afterwork drink or evening out."  casual get-to-know-you meal in nice surroundings without any pretension.  It can even serve as a great standby if everything else Uptown is too crowded or you can't decide where to eat.  You'll never be disappointed."  then this place is good. Fun for after Alive After Five downtown. The bathrooms at this place are pretty cool-- you get to see all the brewery things in the back. Even though it's a large restaurant A very pleasant experience. I'd have no problem going back here if I'm Uptown." It's a five mimute walk to the Bobcat's and the Blue Line Lynx with easy access stop to Panthers." Checked this place out while on vacation. They had pretty decent food but the atmosphere was very chain restaurant like. But great beer! Note:  You can park in the parking garage and get your ticket validated for 2 hours of free parking."  stout was great.  Rest of them were not good IMO.  Food is so so - not really worthy of 3 stars and wait time was long but it was a Saturday prom evening so it's OK.  They got the third star from me for the service; waitress was great and once seated  there was a lot across the street and a garage attached to the building. Overall Classic chain fare - great for lunch & as a place when you can't get into anywhere else.  Service at this location was great. Our first time visit today. Food was very good and service was great. ! Oh man and I tried the seasonal beer - a bock - which was a pretty good deal.  We figured that it was 25% more beer than the standard serving but at only 12.5% higher cost.  Anyway the brew was a knockout.  Don't drink it on an empty stomach  their fish tacos are pretty good. This is a good last minute place to check out a brew a snack and catch some updates on your favorite sports on their flat screens strategically placed through out the bar." "I'd have to say it was no where near an awesome experience. We tried to order a pitcher of the IPA and the waitress stops us and is like do you like IPAS? do you know what your ordering? i was like yes i like IPAS im capable of ordering a beer like a grown up. maybe next time be like hey our ipa is exceptionally hoppy compared to other ipas The staff are very friendly and professional; they actually make sure you're doing OK unlike wait staff at most sports bars.  I've never been treated rudely or indifferently here-I would vouch for the service any day.  What then My only beef with Uptown dining is the absolute dearth of parking. This has the advantage of being across from a good-sized parking lot." Would definitely hit up this place if I'm ever back in Charlotte again. =) Go try it!." ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw  with nothing really great on it.  I just got the nachos (found as an appetizer) and my friend got the burger.  The nachos were overcooked and semi-stale.  The beer was decent "Very much enjoyed this place. Nice location...Within walking distance for most of the center city hotels. Wide selection on the menu...definitely something for everybody (even picky little kids.) The Spiced Hefeweizen was amazing...finished very clean. If you have kids Where Rock Bottom falls slightly short is the prices. They're frankly too high for this type of establishment (in my mind it's similar to Applebee's or Outback). And as always  your average ""American food"" type of restaurant. I can't comment on their beers as we didn't have any. The menu was pretty extensive but we'd viewed it online beforehand and knew what we wanted. Hubs got the seafood cobb salad which was HUGE and he enjoyed every last bit of it. I ordered the hazelnut crusted chicken primarily because I noticed before we went that a few reviewers here on yelp recommended it. It was reallllllly good! Also HUGE portions that hubs had to help me eat. the chicken itself was really tender and juicy and that crust and sauce are delicious. The cheddar mashed potatoes were good ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw Bottom line for Rock Bottom is......you can't go wrong here!" Nicest patio downtown. There are much better wait staff downtown. Get the beer or wine. Stay away from cocktails. Food = pedestrian. Beer! Free parking! Great place to have some good brew. Great bar food. didnt eat.. the pilsner was hopped to perfection along the lines of an ipa- brilliant I'd come just for the great atmosphere here. When you go to the bathroom you can see all the behind the scenes brewing behind a large glass window! The parking is free too which is nice I ate here for brunch today. I had the three meat omelet. I thought it was pretty good. Portion sizes were pretty big as I suspected they would be. Service was pretty good too. We arrived shortly after they opened and were the only customers I believe for the first few minutes. I've eaten at Rock Bottoms in different cities and enjoyed my experiences with them each time. I would recommended this location. As an extra bonus they validated our parking which is always a bonus! Sports bar atmosphere with quite a few TV's located around and a few Pool Tables too."  and great beers on tap all brewed in house as well as bottled beers and a full bar. The servers are friendly and efficient Definitely will not return."  including in the garage attached to Rock Bottom itself (KEEP YOUR TICKET!!  BRING IT IN WITH YOU!  ROCK BOTTOM VALIDATES PARKING Went for lunch and it was OK. Food was mediocre and there was a nasty smell where we were sitting. Smelled like dirty mop water.  Rock Bottom gets an  A+ on convenience.  My client works upstairs so we did not have to walk far to get here." "This place has a fantastic outdoor patio and makes for a great place to sip back and enjoy a few beers. We split the brewer's feast and particularly enjoyed the southwest egg rolls with a roasted jalapeno ranch dressing. I enjoyed their winter seasonal and their Sweet Magnolia brown ale. However  indeed.  Decent beer and excellent service. But it's chain food and it didn't do much for me."  but it was just meh. We were told we would wait for 20 minutes which seemed ridiculous as there were open tables all over the restaurant and bar and finally got seated in one of these open tables after 40 minutes of waiting. The $10 calamari was a very small portion Too many other choices in Charlotte to come back here." I recommend Rock Bottom to everyone to try out for themselves!" It. was. amazing. Perfect recommendation. Had a great time. We'll definitely be back."  and they (of course) make their own beers. Too bad it's often packed to the rafters with ""former frat boy turned middling banking executives who still listen to DMB on the side"". I'm happy to eat there if I happen to be uptown and the crowd wants to... but I try to avoid it whenever I can." Complete and Utter Satisfaction! Guaranteed to please! Every time! ;)" I have been to this place in the past before they remodeled.  I enjoyed it.  I like the fact they brew their own beer on site.  You can tour the facility when there is time.  They are introducing new menu items and I was able to preview the new items.  I really enjoyed them. I will definitely have to go back. 57 dollars for two steak meals and plenty of beer is not a bad price at all. Being in the center of downtown you would think there prices would be higher but they have some amazing choices and beers for a good price. I enjoyed there red ale more then there brown but both where great and my wife said that her kolsch was well made also. Ive been here several times and will be returning several more.  they have some good brews which are actually crafted on site.  The beer can be better than the food more times than not and I would recommend people to go here for that more than the food.  The Southern Flyer is great for pale ale folks like myself.  If you give this place a shot I recently visited Charlotte this past weekend for the race and needed a casual good food experience. I reviewed Yelp but most of the Downtown spots were noted as dressy or trendy attire establishments. From a 5 hour ride most of us were just comfortable in jeans and tees so nothing to dapper. The concierge at the hotel recommended the Rock Bottom so we gave it a shot. The place was excellent with its open air styling and the drinks were on spot. We ordered the southwest eggrolls as a app and started to order another plate of them and then we remembered we had more food coming! They were that good. I ordered the 14 Ribye with bourbonzola topping. Couldnt have been a more delicious and tender piece of meat. . The seaon veggies and chedder mash were no second. Everything on my plate could not have been anybetter. Check it out . It was worth the visit. And the house brews seemed to hit the spot with the guys that were with me. - Just like SD and SJ."  were ripe and fresh! Nice service! Go. I almost died there... so was my teenager daughter (she was picky but she loved her order very much)."  but nothing stands out here." Typical sports bar. Caught the tail end of happy hour. I got the Rocktoberfest seasonal ale and that was pretty good. But i ordered a side of fries to munch on and it was incredibly tiny :(  so I will go with a 4.  If another Spirit Square event comes up  food is average. Service is pretty good though. Next time though  great drinks...we will definitely be back." "I have mixed feelings about Rock Bottom. I enjoyed the inexpensive beer sampler. The main reason we went  here though was for my fiance to try a specific burger. Unfortunately that burger was ""86'd""... as was her second choice. We weren't told that until 10 to 15 minutes after ordering As we were leaving the place was starting to get busier and busier. So stop in if you are in the neighborhood.  Well worth a visit."  don't go here unless you want to get ripped off and eat shitty food."  tried their Rock bottom IPA"  hopefully catching a large table before they are all taken up."  they should have it all year round! Food was so yummy! Our server Brittany was so nice and helpful! Definitely a place I would visit again :)"  but recently went after the remodel. The restaurant looks much better. I ordered the southwest turkey burger (awesome) and my husband ordered the chicken tacos (awesome)! The service was superb! I think the remodel improved the dining experience." ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw "They've remodeled the inside of the restaurant and it looks great! The beer is great and the service really good. The food is overpriced. It's good food A very nice brewpub - a recent and extensive renovation provides great atmosphere.  Blue cheese bacon burger was excellent.  Their brews are very well balanced and enjoyable - something on tap for everyone. ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw I like bottom but I like there older menu better. For example I miss the sausage meatloaf vs the new turkey one they replaced it with. Doesn't wow me like the other did. They lose a star with this updated menu. Parking is convenient in the lot right below and they validate." The waitress was awesome. Thanks Victory for telling us your secrets. Rock bottom is a really good chain. the difference is in the service when visiting one of these places. "I wasn't impressed with this place. The menu sounds really great& the waitress suggested I get the chicken bacon Mac & cheese "Go here if you enjoy waiting in the lobby when there are tons of open tables and being rudely treated by the hostess!  The food is just ok bar food.  The beer is awesome I will admit and the servers are pretty attentive.  I would rather drive down to Myrtle beach or Atlanta to it's sister restaurant Gordon Biersch.  The food is much better and the people who work there will treat you much better.  If you really need to go there to enjoy the beer Our server was very good and took excellent care of us." "yumm yumm yumm... Rock Bottom has some great food and the atmosphere is really cool. I love the fact that you can view the brewery and the beer sampler was fantastic! I don't have one bad thing to say about this place. Every one was very nice  but everything was fairly well done.  Went for a lunch meeting and had the southwest salad.  The jalapeno ranch was made in house and was great.  The baguette on the side was a nice touch.  Service was perfect: attentive but not hovering.  We were able to get in and out quickly.  Other diner thought the ahi tuna salad was good as well.  Tuna was perfectly done and contained a good sized lunch portion.  Other meals (chicken avocado sandwich and bacon cheeseburger) looked uninteresting."  my caesar dressing was defiantly home made! Service was great as well and food was reasonably priced! Will come back again on my next trip to Charlotte!" Service is great. Outside seating in mild weather is awesome. Chicken Mac and Sausage Mac were both great. Veggie pizza was fresh and yummy. Beer sampler was fun to try!  but I wasn't too impressed by that either. I ended up just drinking my dinner  a bit overpriced for the quality   selection. They have a make your own pizza for the kids which is great and provides some entertainment. I recommend ordering it first thing though bc it does delay the rest of the order while they make it. Would go back but would like to try some non-chains in the area too. Very close to discovery place which was nice as we only had to walk a block for lunch." It was so disappointing that  me and two my friends could not finish our meals." Will look forward to coming back next visit to Charlotte" Visiting from out of town we happen to walk upon this place. The food was good and the service was great. The menu itself has a lot for everyone. We did sample the beer it was good just a bit warm for my taste. We were ivisiting from out of town and went here on a Friday night.  We had good service and great food.  We both had the chicken sausage gumbo and it had just a little kick to warm us up on a chilly night.  Also went for the beer battered fish and chips which was also great.  though- NO WHOLE WHEAT BUNS?! What restaurant doesn't have whole wheat bread alternatives these days?!" "A cool place to hang out in downtown.  The food.is very good.  You cannot go wrong with the fish and chips.  I enjoy the beer.  Most of beers are brewed on site.  The only problem is the staff turns over very quickly.  Parking is free if you park in the deck under the restaurant.   Make sure yo ger your ticket validated.   Sign up for the rewards card.  It is not nearly as good as the previous perks card "I had a fabulous time sitting at the bar on a busy Saturday. Meredith is an incredibly attentive bartender  for restoring my faith in Charlotte restaurants!"  I'd definitely return and recommend a visit to anyone!"  or a personality shining through. I must say. We had one of the best experiences we have ever had out anywhere in NC there at rock bottom. We were having such a good time when we paid the check we ordered 2 more drinks because we didn't want to leave.   I would highly recommend this restaurant and the jalapeo poppers!"  fries etc. The stuff you expect. Lots of seating and service is A-Ok. They have a nice patio as well." We went for lunch on Sunday Afternoon.  We sat there for ten minutes and nobody acknowledged us or came to our table.  A waitress passed our table two times and chose not to make eye contact with us.  Servers congregated at the hostess stand.  We walked out and still nobody noticed.  This used to be my favorite place uptown.  Really disappointed.  the manager was great at covering up for the lack of service we received but with so many options in downtown Charlotte I would chose another place next time." Not sure we would return anytime soon." If I could give negative star rating I would."  the worst dining experience I have ever been a part of and I would not recommend this overrated establishment to anyone." be finding another one."  with an awesome bar area as well as private tables. I also love their outdoor seating I had the 2AM burger and it may have honestly been the best burger I've ever had! I also love their patio seating outside and the bar around the back. My only complaint (which isn't Rock Bottom's fault) is that homeless people approached our table 3 times during our dinner to ask for either money or some of our water. My husband ordered the veggie burger and fries. I tried the fries and I liked them but didn't try his burger. He said it was good but again nothing special."  nothing to write home about. Corn tortillas average salad. Average...just average. Go support a local place that offers something different" "This place wasn't bad.  If you live in Charlotte and have tried the other local beers in the area My Husband and I took my son out for dinner and we all LOVED it!  My husband had the bacon mac and cheese. He said it was the best he had ever eaten!  My son at the veggie tacos and also loved them.  I had one of there salads and was very happy with what I received.  Our server went out of his way to make sure everything was the way we wanted it.  Looking forward to going back soon!  CO and this one was less than impressive. I'm new to Charlotte so I've been waiting to try this Rock Bottom out.  Went on a Sunday afternoon around 5pm. I took my young son with me so it was just dinner no alcohol. The restaurant wasn't very busy so we got seated right away.  Our server (which I didn't get his name) appeared about 5 minutes after we got seated  or service. I have visited Chicago and Long Beach and now Charlotte always great and consistent."  awesome and cute staff. Why are you not there now?" "Just got back from a week long trip to Charlotte with my girlfriend and of all the places we went to  but it is not too laid back. It is perfect for family and friends. It has great outdoor seating." "I had the Tuscan Chicken Pasta. It was very well seasoned. My son-in-law had the Cajun Pasta "Came here for lunch after a field trip with my students. Great service "This place was great for atmosphere and large groups but the food actually sucked.  We ordered from the happy hour appetizer menu and our server was pretty slow and forgetful. She brought one of us crab dip that was cold (supposed to be served hot)  bringing them drinks so im pretty sure I was getting the run around. I asked her who the manager was and she said Michael and again walked away. Pretty disrespectful attitude to have in a customer service environment. Next time I come to Charlotte I need to stick to the many many other places with great food and folks that want to take care of their clients. My opinion is that the food here was darn good and consistent Did I mention the beer was pretty darned good too" Here's the Deal...Just stopped in for quick bite to eat while I was in town... I had the grilled chicken sandwich with avocado and it was good!.   Service was very friendly and helpful with menu choices.  The place has nice outdoor seating & plenty of TV's and bar space... I'd try again when in the area.  but the beer here was a fair sight better than at least one or two of the local breweries we visited during this tour of the Carolinas  stay on top of the game scheduling. We all know there are a new round of games kicking off at 4pm Very good beer and food + a truly relaxing and comfortable setting = four stars. Prices were OK and the location is great if you are in or near center-city CLT. I had the Cajun Pasta & my wife had grilled shrimp with Mac Cheese. YUM!  beer is amazing! Highly recommend stopping in if you're in the neighborhood."  the burger itself was good but the hash browns on it were not. My wife had the bourbon burger she said it was alright. My oldest daughter ordered the kids hamburger and was impressed that it was cooked to order not the normal hockey puck on bread that kids normal get. My younger daughter got the build your own pizza and she actually got to ""build"" it before they put it in the oven. The food was a little slow arriving. The service was fair. I had the three of their handcrafted beers all were excellent."  the burger itself was good but the hash browns on it were not. My wife had the bourbon burger she said it was good. My oldest daughter ordered the kids hamburger and was impressed that it was cooked to order not the hockey puck on bread that kids normal get. My younger daughter got the build your own pizza and she actually got to ""build"" it before they put it in the oven. The food was a little slow arriving and the service was fair I love their dark beer and veggie burger! "Can't say enough good things about the few food items I've had hear. Appetizer: definitely go with the chicken nachos. HUGE (easily share between 4+ people) and great taste toppings. My absolute favorite entree is the Lobster & Shrimp Enchiladas. I'm not a fan of black beans  Tori had bacon mac and cheese-again awesome. To drink a had the 6  sample flight of micro beers-good to see 3 4 full juice glasses and not just a shot glass amount like so places. Kathy had a margarita also very good. To finish we had toffee cheese cake in a mason jar-killer and coffee. The waitstaff was good  I'll say it: it felt like an upscale Applebee's.  Everyone was helpful and friendly; we didn't even mind the 20 minute wait (at  5:30 PM?). Did not care for their IPA. I love beer and only drank maybe half - tasted more like a Lager to me. Wife's soup was barely warm but she said the flavor was good. My Santa Fe Ranch Chicken Salad was just okay. Some of the lettuce was a bit limp and slimy. I did like the deep fried Jalapeno rings on top. Our waiter was really good but smelled heavily of cigarettes.  Our glasses never went empty and he even packed up our leftovers and bagged them. I think trying to run a good brewery and restaurant at the same time is a tricky operation. Sometimes one may suffer to highlight the other  but there were just too many problems with our lunch.  Clearly it was a bad day...tables near us stacked with dirty dishes for our entire visit.  The restaurant was not busy.  Our food took at least 30 minutes to arrive the first time (and there was an error. )     Why a burger and a salad would take that long on a slow day is beyond me.  The worst offense was my chicken Caesar salad I go here a lot and food is always good but service has dropped off a lot." "Had a wonderful experience. My wife got the steak and it came out over done and not very good. We told the waitress and she took care of it with out a second thought. She got my wife a new steak "The beer sampler was great. All of them were great craft beers. Wait staff had some good recommendations. I had the fish and chips  Duckworth's will be opening next week and it is a better option for food and a larger selection of commercial beers." Boyfriend got a burger and said it was ok. You have to order sides separately here (absolutely hate that). The side order of fries was so small. I mean give me a break. I split the BBQ pizza with a friend and we enjoyed it. Great flavors and the fried onions on top have it a nice crunch. Also "It looked great from the outside however when inside nothing went as planned. Granted we did have a large crowd however we expected more class... Our drinks were never filled on time. Our food came out in waves so we were unable to eat together "Had a large gathering here last night between two different companies. Staff blocked off the area and put signs up indicating it was a private party. Food was warm and drink service was great. Seemed like there was always a server ready to refill drinks. In fact "I tried the pulled pork BBQ sandwich tonight and I'm very sorry about the choice. It has to be the worst BBQ sandwich I've had in 32 years in the Carolinas. The meat was saturated in a cloying nauseatingly sweet sauce. I should have sent the plate back  but I digress. I went here a few years ago when I was just vacationing here and felt that it was just as than non-noteworthy then. I won't be going back now. Just too much money to spend on mediocre food." Love this place. You get to experience the city without spending a thousand dollars. Lol  it is very clean and great food. You can sit indoor or outdoor. They validate your parking so you don't have to pay. Went for a late night dinner. They catered to my  low sodium needs. My salad was amazing! My captions were all happy with their food! "By far my favorite restaurant to eat at in all of Charlotte! I refuse to try anything other than their fish tacos! Everyone that I have visited the restaurant with raves about their burgers but the fish tacos are by far the best I have ever had! The beer that is brewed within the restaurant brewery is also delicious and I make sure to get the beer sampler every time I go so that I do not have to pick just one. The atmosphere is also a huge highlight. Part of the restaurant is a laid back ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw  two small ones but the perfect size for me. The corn tortilla was tough in the middle otherwise great.  Service was a little slow. .. They were busy."  but the air seemed to be broken and the service was extremely slow. Half the time our drinks were empty. Our appetizer didn't come out until our food did... So what was the point in an app??? If you can stand sweating the whole time and being thirsty then come eat here because the food is amazing." This place is incredible!!! The beers & the food is excellent & outstanding!!! The Service is Wonderful & Amazing!!! Hospitality & Generous Portions & A Staff that seems to Genuinely Care if you enjoy your experience there!!! If there was more than 5 Stars Available I would offer more to Rock Bottom Brewery!!! First Class Establishment All The Way!!! Apparently people love this place. I'd come back to have a beer and an appetizer but probably stay away from the rest of the menu. Over priced and overrated!" I love Rock Bottom Brewery!!! I would go to 2 of them in San Diego & La Jolla... Awesome!!! The Charlotte One is even better & Bacon Mac & Cheese is why!!! #Culinary Greatness!!! This is a really nice place! They have a nice variety of food and cocktails. My man always wants the bacon Mac n cheese and I enjoy the Cajun pasta. So many good things about Rock Bottom. Try them out!  this was a nice place to go and wouldn't mind going here again." "I had a good experience.  I came with family and everyone enjoyed their meal.  I can't say it was spectacular I have eaten here several times & always find it disappointing. Tried a variety of foods & none have been particularly good.  and he was friendly and efficient. Overall a very pleasant dining experience." The food and beer selection here is great. Not my favorite local beers but they definitely hit the spot. It's usually pretty crowded but the wait time isn't bad if you're flexible about sitting outside. I'll be back to try more of their foods. I will say skip the macaroni and cheese - it's mostly grease and breadcrumbs. We absolutely LOVE the food here. However we had family in town and brought them here and the service was terrible. It's embarrassing the service was so bad after we have been talking this establishment up for so long. The food took forever but was delicious once we received it. The server was Ami and had zero desire to be there and really wasn't in the mood for our party of eight. I wouldn't even give this place a star for this reason!" We had the worst experience at this place! It ruined our first visit in Charlotte. Their service was horrible and I would never go to any Rock Bottom! "I've been to rock bottom many times and plan on going back because I always enjoy the good food and great beer that is made on site. But this last time I went I was really impressed by the professionalism of the management. I just read the review by Erick V and I was there when the party from the ACN convention was at rock bottom Kids ""build your own Sundae"" dessert" Only came here because the martini bar we wanted to go to ended up being closed on Sunday's." "The stars are only for the brews.    Badly overcooked salmon which was devoid of any evidence of the rumored Bourbon glaze.  The Grilled broccoli side was steamed   Rice had been on the steam table too long.  Best part of rhe meal was the salad even though it took two tries for the waitress to bring the right dressing.  Just walk past this place and choose anywhere else in  this ""restaurant district""." Okay food nothing special. Brushetta chicken dry and not much flavor.  Beer was good!  but previous visits were acceptable." It really topped off our visit to Charlotte and definitely makes me and my wife want to come back" Not edible. Came in for a quick bite to eat on a Sunday for lunch. Server was not knowledgeable about the beer menu and was hard to flag down for anything. The chicken was flavorless and tough. The fries were cold and mushy. Will not come back here. The red ale was really great.   Attentive staff and friendly environment.   I recommend the Reuben.  Their location brings in a lot of tourists.  so maybe I just ordered the wrong item. Would recommend not sitting outside or at the bar if you want food." "Stopped in before the Panthers Sunday night game. Sat at the bar with my buddy.  It was not busy.  The bar was dirty and no one made an effort to clean the space where we were sitting.  Gross.  Bartenders were terrible and not attentive.  Waited 10 minutes before someone asked if we needed something. Unacceptable. The beer was decent "Dropped in for lunch and was seated right away. This is my go to place for a quick meal. I've been back a couple of times and the service food never fail. I ordered the chicken fried chicken I love the chicken mac n cheese and beer choice with it. I even tried replicating it at home. Good place for food uptown."  I was disappointed by the size. My girlfriend got some time of Cajun pasta that tasted good and was much more appropriately sized." Went across the street to Duckworth's who took great care of us." ym9QwkmB5ZKTyj7q5huTDw  and then more booths tables towards the back of the restaurant. Right now they have a great deal going on for their beer samples where you get 6 samples for $5. Their menu offers a wide variety so it appeals to vegetarians  and decent food. All in all they provide what they chalk themselves up to be. Good tvs as well around the bar. I prefer the local Charlotte options I visited around 2 p.m. on a Friday afternoon. The place was not busy.  Many empty tables.  I ordered Jambalaya. It was warm and  good tasting.  Dessert was great.  Staff was friendly.  Enviroment was pleasant.  It took awhile for me to get my food.  I ordered coffee and I had to wait to get a refill.  They had enough help in my opinion. Waiting to get my order is the reason I did not give a five star rating.  I will come back and eat here again. Typical bar-ish type food. Nothing that really stands out. It's a good place to go out after work. Manager-- my husband walked off to find him so he could address it personally instead of making a scene. He told my husband he'd be back over in 30 seconds- several tens of minutes later "Went for a late lunch on Feb 13. Had to wait 15 minutes for a table even though there were plenty of vacant tables. Seems they had a shortage of wait staff and then a back up in the kitchen. No biggie - our waitress was nothing short of amazing!  The drinks were cold  and it took 30 minutes to get our drinks. Service was slow and really bad so it made for a poor experience. If it wasn't for the guy with the guitar and harmonica  the first time leaving with the entire meal comped because of the crappy service. Last night I went in there with eight of my family members and we had to wait 30 minutes to get a drink we had one then left . Manager didn't seem to care so I can assure you we will not be spending $300 twice a month there anymore"  the 3 tables that came in after us had been seated and waited on. Finally I flagged down a waiter and asked to see the manager. As soon as he acknowledged me he checked his watch as if to see if he had time to get the manager before his shift ended. Another almost 5 minutes pass by and a waitress comes over and asked if we had been helped. Explained to her that we had been waiting at that point 20 minutes she apologized and gave some lame excuse that our area was not assigned to any specific wait staff but they rotated tables. However The location right downtown is very nice however." "Very middle of the road. Average in every sense of the word. Not great This place is basically a Chili's with a brewery. When I come to Charlotte downtown is always my first stop. The mac&cheese is the best! You have to try it! The service overall is okay and the drinks as well. The prices are descent but I love coming to Rock Bottom! "The food was good and the prices were really good for the area the restaurant is at; we went on Friday night and it was nice. The server was very nice and attentive but we waited an hour for our food  pass this place up and try one of the other wonderful places uptown like ruths chris or capital grill.  I really wish I had just gone with Thomas street and next time given limited options well just be ordering pizza or hitting a drive through or just not eating. Everything about this place turned me off which is a shame I hate unhappy reviews." "We came here 10 minutes before the kitchen closed and we were starving 11:50pm. The staff treated us like ROYALTY and we were served by 4 different staff with nothing but absolute politeness. And also  they said no and they offered to help me look. I then remember seeing someone lurking at our table so I approached several servers and asked about it and then I asked the hostess if anyone has seen a phone and the hostess searched and apologized and said no and if i leave my info at the desk they will call if anything turns up. I called the phone multiple times and it was already shut off when i knew it had sufficient battery. A server offered to go speak to the manager. It may seem ridiculous Grade 90. Stood at hostess stand for 6 minutes until someone said I'll be right back. After 3 more min. I left. Food and service are great. This is our go to place when we just want to grab a quick bite.  I would've sent them back. I would discourage anyone from ordering these disappointing mini flavorless tacos. My friend ordered chips and guacamole. It was served in a tiny bowl that you would see in an elementary cafeteria for your sides. NOT what you would expect for an appetizer. It was the size you would expect if you ordered guacamole on something else. I'll give this place another shot later  he admitted it was wrong and attempted to fix it but essentially came back with a charge that was essentially the same as before but now with a non-itemized receipt so you couldn't see the error.  Could have asked him to address it again My steak was perfect and the fries were wonderful! Great atmosphere and excellent service even right before they closed!! Highly recommended! "I have been here more than once but the food has gone down hill since I last dined here. The beer is great with lots of different choices and menu gives good details about the flavors. I had a steak  we saw Muggsy Bogues there too!" "This place has kind of a cool vibe. The beer was fantastic. The food was so good and cooked to order. The menu has so many great selections. My husband ordered the mac&cheese with chicken. I didn't try any of it but it looked so decadent and he practically licked the bowI! I had a burger with pepper jack cheese  one was charred to the point it was inedible (requested medium well) the other was also over cooked and came with giant chunks of onion even though he ordered it with no onions. Our server tried to take care of us by comping some of the meal so that was good but still would not recommend going here for food." Guac desperately needed salt. Mac n cheese was fantastic. Large outdoor seating. Microbrewery with good beer! I definitely will not return to Rock Bottom and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone."  we were sat and given our menus. It was NOT a gluten free menu at all! It was a menu with a very small selection of items on their normal menu with the gluten taken again. No substitute were given. There were burgers with out any buns Worse than Cans.  And that's saying something! "Bar Charlotte is a place where golddiggers go to listen to pop rap and find sugar daddies.  There is a huge dancefloor in the center of the bar with sweaty eighteen year olds bumping and grinding on one another  and if you care to have a meaningful conversation with anyone." In my group of friends we affectionaly refer to this place as where all the fat chicks hang. Why they would attract that kind of crowd and keep the bull in there is BEYOND me. If your a chubby chaser you'll love this place! "Came here twice this weekend. Is it worth the $15 cover on Fridays? Not really. I thought it was a bit too much. If you're into seeing old creepy men looking up your skirt  they go through a cycle of typical club hits and some 70's throwback."  preppy looking black guy. This has never happened to me before at any other club downtown.I cant believe people are still bigots and its about be 2013 :CC"  and it's so loud you don't have to worry about all the dumb things you say. Truthfully though it's just not my scene. I don't won't to sound pretentious When Bar Charlotte turns into a teen dance club it is fun. I enjoy it and my friends enjoy it and are always asking me when it is open again. It is better than Club Karma at Myrtle Beach in my opinion. I like the music. It's not your everyday stuff. It is actual remixes instead of the DJ playing stuff off pandora. At the paint party it smelled like dog in there. Other than that it is a good time. Well I had a blast. The music was great and the vibe was great. There were quite a few young people and about 3 men who I thought might have been in their 60's but that was ok because it was cool. It was judgment free. The headless bull in the corner was cool too. The girls dancing on the bar were cool too. If I go back to charlotte I will definitely visit this place again. I  don't know why this place is getting such a low rating." "The bar itself is good and the servers do a great job but man do the patrons suck! I went once and some guy decided to ""make it rain"" and started flipping out because dudes were picking up the money. If you're dumb enough to throw a pile of money in to the air you better bet your ass that us broke college kids are going to pick it up! It's also predominantly African American (or at least it was when I went) which is totally fine but some of them looked like gang members. I'm sure I'll get called racist for that but it's the honest truth. I also saw a lot of people getting upset over the dumbest stuff...like getting their shoes stepped on I appreciate a little adult fun time dancing as much as the next gal "Went to charlotte for a bachelor party didnt know where to go so went to bar of charlotte  the Facebook page states that the club is for teenagers between the ages of 14-18 years of age.  A person who is 18-YEARS-OLD is an adult and has no business being in a club with underage kids.  On Tuesday of this week I love Bar Charlotte and will continue to go just because it's my kind of bar I can just ""let my hair down and party like there's no tomorrow "" but I'm really hopping these things can get fix soon." Wow! Went here one time sober. Told myself I'd never go there again. So trashy! Two weekends and half a handle of tequila later I'm back in this ratchet-fest. The bar is absolutely terrible. If you like going places just for the stories the next morning this is your place. Shots out of bartenders tits.. Check. People getting spanked by a paddle on the bar.. Check. The most disgusting people in Charlotte go here to get down. You know what you're getting with this place. Definitely one for the books. Hope I never go back here again. It was good for one drunken night. If you're sober stay away.  this is where I go. Hope to see you there. ;)"  get out of your comfort zone "They had a free if you come before eleven policy; only reason my friends and I started going there. They changed it without notice Dancing around in a circle.  I wasn't drunk.  I was just literally dancing.  I didn't touch anyone.  The Asian guy with a Mohawk didn't like me and kicked me out.  He said I touch a bar tender yet the bar tenders weren't even out on the floor.  Worst bar ever.  Never going back.  and cheap drinks. I'm excited to see the next chapter unfold for this location."  because it is probably one of the fanciest strip clubs in Charlotte.  You will have to pay quite a bit of money here to get entertained.  I came here for Amateur night  but I was just so skeeved out by the stickiness that I couldn't appreciate the rest of the environment. Also  upstairs. It was OK. Nothing to get a wet dream over. This is not the best stipclub in Charlotte. Personally The guy was a real champ! It made for an awesome show!"  from sexy stockings to tight pants.  I preferred the stockings.  It gave the place more of an old school gentleman's club feel."  I'm no strip club connoisseur but I've been to a few and when I say a few I mean like 3.  This one would have to fall right in the middle in terms of quality of the girls and the fact that the space inside is a bit too cramped.  I don't want to feel like I'm right on top of another.....dude!  Lol.  So would I come back?  Sure  and lay off the cocaine... I mean really!!!??? Who wants to spend money on a lard a**! So turned off by this club. They have way too good of a location for it to be wasted on ugly trailer park trash! Some chick tried to take me upstairs and charge me 45 dollars per song! She looked like ET with a mop on her head. And this other chick looking like a fat ugly betty tried to charge 25 for a regular table dance. I have no problem with big women either All said don't go here unless you're pretty wasted beforehand or you'll be paying a pretty big markup on those drinks! But if you're hungry don't be shy  so my husband and our friends brought me to see what it's all about.  I actually had a great time and was very impressed by some of the women on stage.  It was like Cirque du Soleil!  I want to learn to walk on the ceiling now.  Women are always free and the ladies were so sweet to me - got a couple cheek kisses *blush*.  I'm not going to be ordering a lap dance anytime soon poor service and no contact dance. ... Other clubs in charlotte are better ... Very disappointed ....."  pricy dances ... I am not recommending this shit to any one..." Worst strip club I've ever been to. Do NOT even think you could use coupons or think the manager will honor anything. Received a complementary free pass and was denied by the manager even though there was no restrictions. Worst service ever "This place is a craphole. My friends and I have gone for a 2 AM breakfast a couple of times (I know that seems weird but it's cheaper than eating at the diner that caters the breakfast!) and the people working there are absolute dicks. The girl at the front door acts like she's the hottest thing since sliced bread. The girls that walk around are bit*hes unless you're throwing wads of money out. I jokingly told one of the girls that my friend wanted a lap dance and within 5 minutes he came back really mad. He said she danced and he handed her $30 and she said ""NO! It's $60!""  That's crazy considering the girls don't even look very good! Maybe I'm biased because I'm not a strip club kind of guy but this place is a bad way to end a good night" FYI: No smoking in any bar or restaurant anywhere in North Carolina. If they have a drink special it has to last all day... no happy hours. Sorry but it's NC law." I noticed some people complaining about free passes not being honored. Always make sure to read the cards. You usually can't use them after a certain time or when special events are happening." THE BEST SHRIMP AND GRITS!!! $10 for the lunch buffet and there's a lot on the menu. A favorite is the shrimp and grits. Some of the best I've ever had. I'm not a regular in the strip club but I got card and I can go back for $5 next time! Who's meeting me for lunch?!!  nice layout and smoking hot girls. One of my biggest strip club pet peeves is ""busted"" girls and girls who don't even try to dance. You could tell that these girls clearly have to go through some kind of audition process to work there because all of the girls looked great and were talented dancers. My fiance and I went on Valentines Day with friends who are married. The four of us has a great time and definitely enjoyed the show we were given. Unlike many clubs I've been to  dress shoes when I go to a club .  Girls are attractive .  But avoid upstairs or prepare to open the floodgates of your wallet .  We'll be back for sure but guys and gals put some effort into dressing up for an evening out."  you could get those upstairs quality $30 dances for $10 downstairs from the way more ambitious girls they had back then. I was very disappointed last night. I came with a bunch of money This is almost always the last stop I go to after a night out on the town on a Saturday night! 2 am breakfast buffet is ideal after a night of bar hopping. I get a pretty awesome breakfast and a show. Last weekend I even got the pleasure of seeing a stripper fight. Those girls are wild! Worst place ever!!!  Went upstairs for a bottle then got my credit card run-up 3x the amount and my debit card run-up.  Avoid this place at all costs!!!  Bunch of thieves!!!!! Do yourself a favor and either throw yourself in front of oncoming traffic because you'll pay less at a hospital. I can go on and on but it looks like Action 9 and the District Attorney's office want to look seriously into this matter . This place is a skid mark on Charlotte's underwear. Well  and closes at 3 AM. It is always overcrowded with cheapos who go there for cheap breakfast. Also I went their on a friday night. It was a decent croud. After 10:45 all the drunks started pouring in lol i loved it. Me and two buddies went. It was a blast. Pearls really tried to rape me and i loved it. Going back again. Girls are down to earth and get their job done.  the girl at the front door is super sweet! She's only going to be a bitch if you're acting a fool... which I've seen and it's not pretty."  lots of drug-addict looking chicks and post baby bodies. Men's Club is way better. Definitely quantity over quality at Uptown As long as you want to have fun "I'd go here just for the Cheeseburger. Staff is friendly. Not a bunch of crackheads running around like some of the other clubs in Charlotte. Tons of girls. I think I counted like 50 of them!! Anyways Front door girls are bitches but the atmosphere is amazing!!! Great place to have a good time!!  I found myself rather disappointed. The girls have gone from beautiful and personable to average attractiveness and sometimes rude."  the woman at the counter once inside was consumed in conversation with another worker so we had to wait a few minutes for her to once again check ids to only tell us there was no cover. So from reading reviews I though the dress code for the men would've been strictly enforced but I still saw men with jeans This spot is well worth your time money well spent plenty of beautiful women better than some LA clubs I'd eat there again if I needed a laugh." Pretty girl who can't do much..serving you bad food!" "As a dive bar this might work... as a restaurant it is a total loss. The food is far below pub grub standards and their audacity to claim ""The Best Burger in Charlotte"" is simply ridiculous. The service and food quality are non-existent. This place only exists because of its prime downtown location."  and value for the food.  I have been going there since 1995 and though it has changed hands  talk to the new owner- she is also from Michigan and said she bought the place a while ago. I'm sure she is the reason Phil's is turning around! Since I am new to Charlotte I have only experienced the really  this place has new ownership and is pretty damn good." came in here and sat at the bar only because they had open spots during panthers playoff weekend.   Never thought i would be doing panther shots in a deli.  But it served its purpose.  We didnt eat but bartenders were nice enough.  Drinks are a little pricey for plastic cups. "This was stop #4 on our night uptown downtown.  I paid $8 for small plastic cups of John Daly which is ridiculous.  However A solid lunch choice."  try the Buffalo shrimp! I've had the burgers as well and they are fantastic! I have heard the Reuben is outstanding as well. Definitely a great little neighborhood bar that you cannot find anywhere else in the uptown area." "Used to stop by on the way to the epicentre for the best djs in Charlotte. Awful music now.. Beer in plastic cups was always gross Say hi to Christa for me! :-)"  that's worth checking out."  no one brings cash to clubs anymore. Srsly people... don't make the bartenders run your card every time you order a drink. Costs the club money (and up go the drink prices) "Not impressed!!  If there were 0 stars that's the rating this place would get.  I ordered a cheeseburger and it was worse than what you'd expect from a school lunchroom!   And why is this place called an ""Irish Pub""?  One would expect typical Irish dishes but not here!  I honestly have no idea how this place stays in business.  Sorry "I never thought about the name "" Irish Pub"" but the menu is pretty much American. I never knew they had ""Tommy Tots"" in Ireland maybe that was the cause of the potato famine. Seriously  sat down for dinner a couple of times. If me and my girlfriend are there to drink we usually grab some fries or something too. They always have some fun event planned. I have been there for trivia I finally had some of their wings a while back... they are SO good. Some of the best I've had.  about this place is it is GLBT friendly and not flamboyant about it. In the south Then a couple years ago I discovered their dance floor  must be beer. This place is your typical Irish Pub - you know what you get. The staff is friendly and this place has been here for awhile. The food is bar food but if you're buzzin  order your favorite drink and  you've exerted all the effort you need.  The bartender was awesome and did not keep anyone waiting.  Hartigan's arguably has the best disco balls in town.  The regulars come here to dance!" "I was on a business trip and only had time for a quick bite to eat at lunch time before heading to airport! I think my burger was so overcooked that it tasted like it was double cooked and the tater tots included were plentiful and tasty!  They had other items on menu but I did not sample!  The space is spacious and it looks like a lot of fun  but you have to wonder why they had a black mold problem in the ice machine for so long!)"  at least the nights I've been in anyway.   It's also a great place to swing by before a Panther's game since it's right next to the stadium  and there must have been a whole bag of tots on my plate because I couldn't finish them.  Friendly and helpful servers  you don't receive service. So much for southern hospitality. I will not be returning." Looking for dancing? Go here. Looking for a place to have fun and let loose? Hartigans. I promise you Went here for a date night and had a good time.  Friendly service and one of a few places that actually serves good tater tots.  I don't drink so I didn't pay much attention to the bar  but there is no greeting at the door or system for new customers. It looks like a good place to eat and hang out  almost 5 ft tall fan in the back - watching several drunken patrons standing in front of it giving their best model impressions was hysterical!"  get drunk and then just as quickly spin off out into the rest of the city to carry on with who knows what the heck you were trying to do in the first place.  But you remember that weird little bar with the claustrophobic energy being right in the middle of it all." But the main reason most people go to Phil's is for the bartenders. I don't think you'll find a better looking group of bartenders in Charlotte. This is what Phil's prides itself on  but Phil's is more often a staging point for the rest of the evening  I will not be going back to this place."  but to me that seemed kind-of early. The place was clean and the servers were friendly. We got some free beer from a Miller promotion. The ""late night"" food was your basic bar stuff and fine for the price. The best part was the look the bartender gave us when we asked for Olympic ice skating on the big screen. If I lived here The only other thing to mention is that Phil's is surrounded by other bars beside it and it is very easy to pass or go into the wrong door if you are aiming to get there."  There is a lot of drama and the kind of place where testosterone mixed with alcohol can make for a volatile mix." Don't waste your time and money. I hear there's better places in this area Rudest bartender I've ever had  it's a deli--anything with pastrami or corned beef is decent on the menu.  In the evening "If you like to drink with 18-21 yr old girls - this might be your place.  If you want to chill with a mature crowd - go elsewhere.  However "Phil's is a small sports bar just off the beaten path. Had the bacon cheese burger w hand cut chips. Burger was juicy and well seasoned  and yes you get it served to you in a plastic cup. I have never came here to experience the DELI portion of what they claim to offer. I have tried their fried pickles and seen other people eating food here. But that's not really what I come to Phil's for. I come for the atmosphere. There is such a mix of people in here at night and it is a great place to 'people watch'  the manager was fantastic and made us feel at home. They were playing the Hawks game on the tvs and any bar playing the Hawks is a bar of mine! You HAVE to try the virtual bowling game! So much fun!!" My friend and I stopped in Phil's for a bite to eat before seeing a play at the Belk theater.  We enjoyed the food and drinks and the DIVE feel.  The owner seemed really nice but the waitresses were hard to flag down.  The second time we were there was on a Friday night and there were about 5 people at the bar so we sat at the table right behind the bar.  Never got served in the 10 minutes we were there so we left and walked in the rain to another bar.  We will probably stop in there again but if the service doesn't get any better then we will find another DIVE. Not the place to be. Crowd was dull . Music was ok  never go here ever. It was 5 people in there I ordered some wings and the bar wench forgot about me. It took an hour to get my mediocre wings." I gave this place 3 stars because it is a nice place. Sorta away from the people out side and streets. I will come back to it again to try other sandwiches."  as well as the homemade potato chips (they were worth the upcharge).  The only thing preventing me from giving 4 stars was the strong sewage backup smell that plagued us and nearby patrons during our meals.  Maybe it was just the tables on the side near the restrooms?  I'd probably come back The staff where very friendly.  Atmosphere is nice. Friendly people and the food was good. "This place used to be one of our favorites. Had a great dj. Music was awful last Saturday. Made the beer in plastic taste worse. Service was good  everyone...the steaks are ridiculously large.  They've got one of those wine lists that is made for every single person that can walk through that door...great whites and great reds...excellence whether you're staying under 20 bucks Capital grille is perfect for special occasions  this is a great restaurant.  Perfect for a first date or anniversary.  Very cozy atmosphere and a great staff."  but pretty much your run-of-the-mill regular steak. I enjoyed it but wasn't overly impressed. I don't have any complaints and would definitely return here. Although it's a steak house - Good for company team dinners."  I would recommend the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese and Au Gratin Potatoes.  We also got the seafood appetizer platter and it was decent  and for no other reason!  I guess it's the natural byproduct of an expense account banking town." "I really don't understand some of the negative reviews for this place.  It seems like they were looking for a different experience.  Make no mistake  it's awesome--but you'll be paying a pretty heavy price to get some."  and professional. I ordered the Cajun rubbed Delmonico steak and it was wonderful. Sauteed mushrooms as a side and a 2005 Cakebread Cabernet completed the meal. Since the place was unknown to us the unexpected pleasant surprise of the place added to the overall experience."  but the bisque was quite good and not too strong. My filet entrees were awesome. It's amazing that they can make Choice cuts taste like Prime." Sorry- just doesn't do it for me.  The steak is average and it's over run by BoA middle management. "As far as a steakhouse.. eh..had much better..but I do love the bar.. the apps.. this is one of the places that I hang out with my Nascar buddies.. the bartenders are always on top of things..fun and on the ball. A great wine selection.. Food: I always try the filet..and usually Im disappointed.. 3x to be exact.. they cant seem to cook it correctly! I love the spinach salad.. and again It is kinda interesting for some reason it is dark in there...guess they don't want you to see the prices!  You get what you pay for and here for us it was worth it."  but HOT as in spicy..  Lobster and Steak is where it's at and if you somehow escaped the recession blues throw in a bottle of Silver Oak Cab..."  tough parking. But just a tourist so not too concerned about that. I did hear from our server however they may be opening one in Costa Mesa CA?? Hope so. Enjoy  Stars for the Sandwich and service. Not crazy about the salad a little pricey for so so salad." The Capital Grille is fantastic!  A bit of a pretentious crowd in the bar area but that's what you would expect....  Filet cooked rare with lobster macaroni on the side is my ideal 'last meal' before I die.  Service is great except one time we got a young waiter here that thought that since we were a little young that we wanted to be spoken to with 'true dat..and word'.  Not sure if this moron still works there but overall service over the years has been good.  but the size of the meat and savory taste is well worth it. This place is great for special occasion and couples. A couple will easily spend $200."  I can't say they are on the same lever (other than price)." Capital Grille - always a good fine dining experience." Every time I leave Capital Grille I feel very full but very "Fine dining and elegant decor without the pretentious attitude.  Great happy hour bar with the famous ""Paul"" bartending since 2004'.  Ask for a Stoli Doli Pineapple Martini and you will not regret it.  The Porcini Delmonico Steak and Lobster Mac n Cheese rule!!"  juicy steak.  My sliced filet served on a bed of mushrooms and caramelized onions in a sumptuous jus was very tasty.  I'll be looking out for Restaurant Week deals like many others here." Had to run to make our reservation so it was just the one round.  Wasn't cheap for 3 cocktails and a beer it was $46 I believe.  But it was a nice atmoshpere and we saw they are running for prix fixe in October so we might stop in for dinner before Chelsea Handler at TW." The Delmonico steak is great as well as the filet. Depending on the size of the lobster tail that night I dont think for the price I would come back. Not worth it but I guess this place is perfect for those who wanna flaunt money"  considering she looked to be around the same age as me it seemed strange!"  their rich and delicious cheesecake with berries. It is always a lot of food but we love to splurge on special occasions. Birthdays are fun too because they will have your table decorated in fun confetti and always make you feel special. Fun night out!"  so what? It was SO WORTH IT!!!" Our server was very nice and helped when it came to picking out the wine and his suggestion was great we all enjoyed it!"  wait staff and the food was just plain amazing.  I devoured the huge portion of lobster and crab stuffed shrimp.  Our sides were mashed potatos and asparagus with hollandaise...both were great.  Our bill was $209 for 4 people...some may think its a little pricey but I think it was well worth it and would certainly do it all over again with no hesitation.  The one and only complaint I have is that the menus are HUGE....huge to the point that I nearly cleared all of the glasses off the table when attempting to order...BUT food that great deserves to be displayed on a small billboard!"  this is the place to choose when perusing the restaurant week menu. Or if you have a special occassion and feel like splurging  one of the chef's specials and my colleagues also ordered variations of steak.  This chain steakhouse really served up a perfectly cooked mignon and I would definitely come back here." With the gift card and the restaurant week pricing it made this meal with 4 glasses of wine and 2 cocktail about $43 pre tip.  Tip on the pre discounted amount and we still walked away paying $60 for a meal that could have been A LOT more expensive.  I almost felt like we were stealing since I know how pricey this place can be!" Service was great! Went there for weekday lunch.  Got the spinach bacon salad as my side and that could have been my whole meal.  Got the ribeye sandwich as my main course and that was scrumptious.  My BF got the swordfish and mashed potatoes.  I don't like fish but he said it was yummy.  The mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had.  My sandwich was even good leftover.  Will most certainly frequent this spot! This is a classic steak house.  Good service and great food. Go ahead- spend the extra money.  It's worth it. Top Notch steaks and service.  My recommendation (if you're really hungry) order the Porterhouse...medium rare.  And please pay the few extra dollars for the Porcini Rub - you'll thank me...   Table 23 is one of the best for privacy if you have 3 to 4 joining you..  I came for steak and I did not get good steak here. I will not be back. Should have ate at Ruth Chris instead.. and its just 4 blocks the other way.."  might I suggest Ruth's Chris (right down the street) or Del Friscos (South Park) as better alternatives to this place?  Del Frisco's is my personal choice  flavourful food and white glove service as a chain restaurant. We're requesting Alissa next time we visit :-)"  a great dinner - I almost had to roll myself out of there.  Would I eat here on a typical night out for dinner?  No.  The price is prohibitive.  But for a nice business dinner and or personal event.  It is top notch.  I wouldn't even consider going to Ruth Chris in comparison!" The lobster mac and classic wedge salad are both  must haves but you can't go wrong with anything on their menu."  you don't like any place.  If you don't have 300 bucks to spend DO NOT GO.  Food-EXCELLENT.  Service- EXCELLENT drinks-EXCELLENT.  Eating there is like being on a cruise.  It is by far the best resturant in Charlotte MENU & PRICING: High end aged steak and fresh quality seafood. Expense it on your company card or stock up on top ramen next week." It was great night and even though the steak was not a favorite CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Thank you Capital Grille!" I have been here for a private party as well and the service on each visit has been very good."  but they were nothing special.  They were not particularly tender or seasoned with anything I could taste.  The sides were fantastic.  I don't know if we just went on an off night The filet oscar and lobster mac 'n cheese are simply put ""my last meal on earth"".  Through in a nice red glass of vino to wash it down and that equals instant smile for this guy!" Great service and wines. Best calamari in town  dine at the Capital Grille on your next trip to Charlotte."  where the steaks are phenomenal. The service was great and the lobster bisque and tails are a must try. I now know never to order steak from here only their lobsters."  always consistent. Great food and service. You can people watch at the bar" I will try again when I can afford another $30 lunch." Back to Ruth's Chris for next years thank you lunch..." "I had a $40 filet mignon at Ruth Chris a few days before eating here.  For the same price  it was awesome. Definitely a fan of that cheesecake and the atmosphere "You will be tempted to go with the kona crusted sirloin because it sounds so good (and it is) "I first found the Capital Grill when we visit Charlotte.  We now have one in Seattle.  I have frequented many 'steak' houses "The Capital Grille Philadelphia was my 1st visit to this franchise. I had a great experience there This meal was probably the best all-around I've had in Charlotte "Steak! Steak! Steak!  This is the place that I brought my fiance to propose to her.  Everything was set up perfectly.  The entire staff was in on it.  They set me up a special table in the corner "It's been many years since we've been to The Capital Grille.  My employer used to treat us during the holidays after we worked 12-15 hour days nights decorating the lobby for Christmas.  It was my first time trying calamari and the Stoli Doli - both sublime.  As was everything else I consumed.  I've been wanting to return since then  was friendly and attentive and very knowledgeable. I would highly recommend the Capital Grille for anyone looking for a nice steak or seafood dinner." The food was fabulous. The wine list was even more impressive! I can't wait to go back. I didn't get to enjoy dessert. Next time!!" CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Went last Thursday for restaurant week.  Claim chowder...perfect.   Creme brle...perfect.   Sirloin special....grissely and disappointing.   My guest got the same and got the same grissely disappointment.    Atmosphere was nice and service was excellent. I would go back here just for the service alone. It's really nice to be treated like they really care about your visit. It might be a while before I head back though but cheers Capital Grille!"  a new entree of seared scallops with sweet and sour tomatoes is available. I love how the scallops are served with a grilled lemon wedge for a citrus taste that goes perfectly with the beautifully presented and cooked shellfish - delicious. The other new additions to the menu include a carrot ginger soup (hot) which I also really liked (the tasty classic New England clam chowder is still available as well) and a tomato and watermelon salad with feta cheese - a refreshing option for a side dish. The Wagyu beef burger with fried egg and crispy onions is back on the menu following multiple requests after it was featured last summer and then removed. My mom ordered this and LOVED it - and she is not usually a fan of burgers at all. The truffle fries go great with the burger  we really had a fantastic evening. I suspect that we'll be back the next time we have an excuse to splurge."  they are now my first choice for a venue to celebrate and to show off everything Charlotte has to offer." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ But overall this place is ok . I don't want to go back again ."  I won't be coming back.  There are too many other great places to spend my well-earned money on." ""Meh. I've experienced better"" sums it up ............ 2 stars" The service at this location was extra good being that there was a hint of southern hospitality added to an already great service experience. The bartender was quick "Really fantastic steaks and a lively upscale crowd make this downtown old school style steakhouse a winner. It's a meat lover's paradise and often has a bustling bar with upscale business people drinking $14 martinis and lots of talkative business crowds in the dining room. The decor is intentionally stuffy (old men oil paintings)  the meal for our group was excellent. The price for this meal was over our normal expectations "I had lunch at Capital Grill and was pleasantly surprised by the menu options that included fish and other non-meat items. The service was impeccable from the moment we stepped into the restaraunt. I was surprised that it wasn't more crowded but there was an ice storm brewing outside  and I think it'll be a great place for any special occasion. Hmmm... my birthday IS right around the corner... :)"  I don't want any sauce near it.  My wife's filet actually had some sauce on top of it.  Personally  I've come to set my expectations pretty high.  I have been disappointed before and I have been pleased.  Last Friday night was the latter.  We had 7 people in our little group and the staff and the service were exceptional and the food and wine was great.  Many thanks CG !!  We will be back."  but I think I actually got one Capital Grille wouldn't have been proud they served.  Too bad we were in a bit of hurry and I didn't send it back.  The leftover bit I took home was almost all sub-standard.  The service was excellent  capital grille is the only steakhouse that actually serves you a large enough portion that you feel satisfied. it was definitely worth the price tag. not something i'd do every month but certainly for special occasions." Our drinks were never tended too and the front server never bothered to follow up on the salad. I hope everyone inside had a better experience." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Yes please restaurant week for giving me the reason to put on my fancy shoes and valet my late model ride at Capital grille uptown. We had a large group so we grabbed a drink at the bar while we waited on our party to arrive. We ended up enjoying dinner in their private dining room- hello fabulous service and an exclusive feel. This may have not been the best steak I ever had but some of my friends were kind enough to share and their entrees were stand outs. Salads and soups were just so-so but they do their meat right. Dessert was also amazing. Several months later I still remember the service and experience here. Highly recommend if you are rolling in the dough or looking for a special evening. I havent been here in about 8 years due to a bad meal I had long ago that I couldnt shake.  So I decided while I was Uptown having lunch to give it another go...it has been afterall about 8 years.  I have to say I was extremely impressed!  Everything was exceptional and well made.   Our waitress Alex was so sweet and knew the menu well and recommended the lobster bisque which wasnt on the menu.  It was perfection!  HUGE lumps of lobster meat swimming in a rich creamy broth.  OMG..it was so good.  Plus the truffle fries are the best Ive had in Charlotte so far!  The manger Bryce was so nice and accomodating.  He went out of his way to make the experience great.  Will not hesitate to return!  nothing beats Ruth's Chris). What sets them apart from many others is their calamari (has a Thai red pepper-type sauce on it). It's mouth-watering and amazing. You must get it when you go here. I suggest reservations - it's definitely one of the more popular upscale restaurants. They offer a great brunch too." "We had a group of neighbors visit during restaurant week.  The steaks and veggies were just ""flat"" outstanding.   To us "Reviews set my expectations high.   All of them were accurate except price.   For what you get I was amazed how low the price was.  There are many other restaurants in Charlotte whose prices are comparable  and he plated the food close but not just right so you had to re-arrange the positioning of every dish before eating it.  The atmosphere is beautiful.  I would return for a business lunch but don't waste your time or money on dinner or taking someone you want to impress." And the Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake! Oh the cake... If people could live without sex by eating this cake   and Sam's Mashed Potatoes. And I think the Chocolate Hazelnut Cake is a perfect way to end a perfect meal."  wrote exactly what was in each box and sealed them to prevent  spills.   They were packed into large bags!    The servers in subtle ways  I highly reccomend the bread with the carmelized onions on top. We both ordered the current special of Waygu burger and glass of wine for $25 (we chose the Silver Oak Cab) served with parm. truffle fries. Burger was juicy and very flavorful.. served on a perfectly toasted bun with an overeasy egg and soft butter lettuce. We got a side of their dijion mustard and it was a perfect compliment to the burger. No need for ketchup for the burger or fries for sure. Dessert was a flourless espresso chocolate cake (friend loved it Many thinks to all of the staff... especially Alisa... at Capital Grille for another great night. I'll be back as soon as my wallet forgives me." Will I visit C.G. again?  Absolutely."  all the adults had different steaks on the menu. Mine was the Steak au Poivre with a creamy French sounding sauce. It was beautifully tender at medium rare and spiced just right. Everyone raved about their steaks. The kids had their Chicken tenders (?) which was not on the regular menu but the waitress arranged it. The ambience was classy but not stuffy. We were not loud but pretty chatty and never felt rushed or uncomfortable. The vibe was bustling but relaxed for the guests. Only one person had dessert  as well as their bar for signature cocktails and appetizers. This past week a friend and I decided to stop in for a drink at the bar. While enjoying our cocktails  for sure. Expensive but worth it for special occasions and company functions. Steaks are amazing. Lobster Mac 'n Cheese is the best I've ever had in any restaurant. Bread was fresh and delicious. Au gratin potatoes and all the veg dishes are full of flavor. Staff are ready to meet your needs. It is not a five because we were disappointed in the seafood lobster." This is heaven for steak lovers like me! High quality and moody...I enjoyed my time very well. I've eaten there twice while traveling on business.  Both meals were outstanding.  The service was perfect and so was the food.  Everything about how this place is run is top-notch.  I highly recommend it. Took my husband here for his bday sometime in the beginning of November. I told then ahead of time that it was his birthday and the did really special things. It was expensive but he was happy the food was great and free v parking. Not bad at all would do it again. He says this place has the best steak. We even got a picture to take home. Loved it again.  This is our second time eating here and it has been fabulous both times.  Really enjoyed it.  Service was awesome!  we shared the tenderloin and poched lobster and with an appitizer and desert in was more than enough. I can't wait to go back. A definite choice!" I dine here pretty regularly and it's always been amazing. My favorite thing on the menu is the lobster crab cakes. They're an appetizer but I love them so much I often order them as an entree. All the steaks are wonderful. Never had a bad meal here!  and creamed corn.  Marc made a great wine selection.  The whole experience was five star and I recommend any of the dishes we ordered!  This location offers outdoor tables on the very active Tryon Street...great for people-watching on warmer nights."  the experience is always perfection. Our server brought us over a little amuse bouche' as well - the squash soup - so yummy - it tastes like the season."  so long as you have to cash. The food is all excellent and I would love to go back and try some other stuff out. The ambiance Definitely the best place to get a steak. Sides are family style and very delicious.  They also serve my favorite bottle of wine here (Burly's Cabernet) so to be able to enjoy this wine with a delicious filet is one great evening out!!!  and my daughter had just the caprese salad.   The tuna steak and sole were just perfect.   Mozzarella in the caprese is made fresh on premises.   Tomatoes were a little under-ripe End every meal here with a shot of Sambucca. Trust me on that one."  didn't really appease the hype that I have heard from it. The lobster tail was  very tasty. Although the restaurant wasVery Pricey "Wen't to Capital Grille for my birthday dinner. I hadn't been here since I was in High School. From what I remembered it was really good. Of course everything is a la carte. I ended up only having Lobster Mac and Cheese. (I'd already had a recovery meal after party #1) It was okay. Could have used a boost in flavor somewhere. Maybe some salt. My biggest concern was my drink. Is that bad? I'm concerned with my drink. Anyway Came here before an opera of which the waiter was aware. We were courteously rushed but this was okay because we needed to leave at a certain time. Service was quick except when I received the check. It took a little bit for the waiter to pick up the payment and process it. The coffee was served with some spilled on the cup plate.  who cares if you get crap at your plate?" "The food & service are amazing! We have never had a disappointing experience at The Capital Grill. If you're eating light but still want to treat yourself  this place is great for putting on the swag and showing your guests or yourself a fancy meal out.  Something of a Charlotte staple now  trust me. I worked at a 5-star hotel with a Michelin 3-star restaurant. It was good. But the reason I can't give them 5-stars yet is because I haven't had the chance to go back."  the foul smell of the place made me just loose the appetite. Headed down to the more hip bar at the Ritz Carlton. What a difference The meal and a bottle of wine ran me $150 which for the service and ambience I believe is fair.  I'll most definitely be going back to give the chef another chance to WOW me." Possibly the BEST meal of my entire life! Hospitality here is bar none. You won't be sorry you chose to eat here.  I gave'hem a great review last time on their Exchange Room and Filet Mignon. Now  but you'll have to experience it yourself to understand. There's no better place to celebrate a special occasion I'd absolutely go again." Can't wait to bring my boyfriend with me on my next trip out here to Charlotte and bring him for a meal!"  but Charlotte is a happening city and I would dine outside again in a skinny minute." Recently enjoyed a great meal  while celebrating our wedding anniversary. The staff made our experience so memorable complete with photograph  of the happy occasion. The welcoming taste of hors d'oeuvres was  just right. Our entrees  cooked to an excellent temperature.  And the sampler plate of desserts with happy anniversary was such a nice touch. "I was Extremely disappointed  with Capital Grille. I dine there during Queen's Feast Restaurant Week yesterday. i was very excited because i only heard good things about the place . To Start the evening off there weren't any seat left inside the restaurant so we were escorted to a dining room outside the lobby. There were so many terrible things that occur that evening where do i begin. First the ceasar salad was the worst salad i have ever had it taste like a 2 day old bag salad you get at your local grocery store. it wasn't fresh Not in a hurry to come back....other competitors have won my heart." The main reason I am giving a one star review is because I woke up in the middle of the night with awful stomach pains and have been sick for the past 10 hours. My husband was nauseas but not as sick as me.  We didn't sleep practically at all last night and because of this i would never ever return here. I would recommend grilling steaks on your own grill and not wasting a ton of money to get an underwhelming sickening experience." The capital grille is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte."  especially because it's super convenient for my client. I would expect a steak place to cook a steak to my requested temperature and if I had more time I would have probably sent it back to be cooked more." "We were greeted with "" Happy Annversiary"" and two glasses of Champagne.  I though the champagne was actually quite delicious.  We had lobster-crab cakes for appetizers.  There was quite a bit of lobster in the cakes and they were scrumptious.  We shared a 10 oz Filet  which was plenty for us.  It was cooked to perfection.  We had scalloped potatoes and asparagus which we took home left overs.  They had one of our favorite wines from Chandon Domaine which I have not seen in a resturant before. They brought us out 2 small desserts: one on each end of plate with Happy Anniversary in the middle.  They took our picture with their camera and provided us with the picture.  Our waiter was superb along with the service.  The managers made sure we were happy by checking on us several times."  price...sides should not be double digits in price"  the prices are insane.  But for a special occasion dinner  this is definitely a 5 star experience worth the price.  Kudos to Steve and team on an awesome restaurant!!  I will for certain visit again when in town for business." The steak was cooked to perfection  .  Staff  is very friendly. Nice place to hang out.  which was a bone-in tenderloin.  That was the best steak I've ever eaten.  I paired it with the wine suggested by our waiter and the combo was incredible.  My husband had the porterhouse.  We also tried the lobster mac n cheese.  Amazing!!   I'm already looking forward to our next visit."  salad are well made and delicious. The steaks are cooked to exactly to the diner's request. Great place to begin night on the town in uptown Charlotte or celebrate an important event." "It's good. Had lobster soup first so later the sea bass didn't taste that great. But I had it packed and ate the rest in the next day  filet and lobster for my husband. Good wine. Richest carrot cake." CG rocks in Charlotte!"  this is THE place to come! Just bring a high limit credit card! Hey like I say  they make the day night a special one! Absolute class from the minute your seated! Ambiance  but also had lobster bisque as a special. Lobster bisque with at least 2 full claws worth of meat in it. Their bread was delicious too. It's expensive and can be a little formal stuffy KmImzeVfLhBXvKphcap_DQ overall a nice Thanksgiving afternoon." "Is this even a surprise!? Exceptional everything. From my perfectly medium rare fillet to the lobster mac and cheese to the truffle fries. If you don't go for anything else  it's even more about the fantastic people who serve the fantastic food.   Calling it ""service"" almost demeans the high level of professionalism and friendliness that are the hallmarks of the CG team.  The serving professionals at CG are like old friends that you want to just invite to sit down and chat "A very beautiful place to dine in casual clothing. The food is well made but not the best I've had. I ordered the plate of mini tenderloins and parmesian truffle fries Also the bar area is great for dates to share a bottle of wine and order appetizers.  My date knew the bartender who was extremely friendly and attentive and gave great wine recommendations." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ one of the best places I've found in the Charlotte area that I can actually eat and enjoy. this is my favorite place in all of North Carolina. best food. A+++++ I truly can't say enough about our experience. My dad said that it was the best birthday he'd had in a very long time  this place always pleases. Choose here over any steakhouse in town.  Fleming's sucks.  I've never had anything less than a great experience here."  to celebrate anniversary or birthdays or simply having a family dinner.  No two experiences are the same other than the quality of personal care that they provide. Oh don't let me get started about the chef's I had the scallops with risotto and it was amazing. The scallops had just the right amount of crispiness where they were pan fried. Considerable portion size. The decor is cool with lots of bronze animals and a bison mounted on the wall.  but really I'd choose quality every time over being served something that's just OK while being overcharged.  My husband enjoyed his lobster bisque and the lobster mac and cheese had several large chunks of lobster that were tender and perfect. My tomato salad came with underripe overly thick slices of tomato on top (which generally made the whole thing look unnappetizing). I'd say it's a reasonable request that if a tomato salad is offered you'd better have ripe tomato CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ "The ambiance was great. Food awesome. Service the best and super friendly. But it was very expensive. We paid  $300+ per couple with a drink before dinner Very nice evening with few friends. Lobster bisque was creamy with nice chunks of lobster. All the steaks  where perfectly done. Most importantly the service provided was spectacular.  especially the lamb. Easy on the sides...they can accommodate two people easily. It's a high end restaurant in central Uptown I am continually amazed at the ambiance and wonderful service I receive at this restaurant.  The filet mignon was so flavorful as well as the lemon asparagus. The cheesecake is indescribably delicious !!!  didn't feel dressy enough the sit in the dinning area. But it was Delicious! Great wine selection The food here is incredible. I ordered the bone-in Kona steak and it was absolutely wonderful! "Just Phenomenal. Everything. Ask for Rebecca Definitely go for a great lunch or dinner. Ask for George if he is available. You go in a customer and leave a friend with an incredible meal." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ  the room is relatively well lit and there is an outdoor seating area and open kitchen which reflects a more modern vibe"  about 4 layers of moist spicy goodness layered between not too sweet cream cheese frosting. The flourless chocolate espresso cake was my favorite Just to let everyone know the capital grille is doing a steak & salad special. They have three different options of salads and steaks to choose from. I got the spinach salad with fire roasted tomato and house mozzarella. I forgot was how my steak was prepared but I got it cooked medium. I paired it with a grapefruit buck cocktail because it was the lunch hour after all. One of the many reasons why I'll keep coming back is the older Caucasian lady that works there. She's so upbeat and has the best customer service skills.  we could have not asked for an better experience. Great food All the staff was wonderfully pleasant. I will return and I am excited to explore more of the menu." I recently went to the Capital Grille for the first time.  For whatever reason we always chose other Steakhouses in Charlotte.  But I have to say that this place seemed to have that something extra.  Their customer service was excellent.  The servers went above and beyond which I don't always experience other places.  Not to mention the steak was cooked perfectly and the lobster mac was delicious as well. Best customer experience!  Alex is the best EVER waiter.  Food is perfection.  They go all out for your birthday.  5 star every time! "Seriously amazing experience from the second we walked through the door   attentive and concerned   meal was fantastic   service My family and I had our first night of restaurant week at capital grill. My wife and daughter both ordered the filet mignon medium rare and I ordered the dry aged NY strip medium. All were cooked perfectly and paired with green beans and tomatoes and mashed potatoes. Atmosphere was very nice and well maintained. Staff was very pleasant and welcoming. The food overall was terrific. I personally did not care for the green beans and wish asparagus was paired with the meal instead. For desert I had the espresso cake and they ordered the creme brle. The cake in my opinion was much better than the pudding. I tried the pudding and was disappointed that it was not warm. I have had creme brle heated before from other restaurants and it's much better heated. We looked at the traditional menu and saw an excellent selection. Everything looked delicious. However the prices are startling. You can get similar quality and service for 15% cheaper at other restaurants. They are definitely worth trying but be prepared to have a nice chunk of cash to spend. Food was delicious and staff was very progressional. I will return again.  I had the lamb chops and the lobster and cheese Mac! Delicious  including the veggie sides (that come with all restaurant week meals!) and cleared our table. It was just awkward cause he made something that wasnt a big deal into a scene. Our neighbors sitting beside us literally leaned over and said they couldnt believe he did that and took the sides off the table too. Additionally Will definitely return all the way from Columbia  we ordered a filet and a porter house. Both tasted more like pot roast than steak. Service was the best I've ever seen before. We were celebrating our anniversary and they pulled out all the stops from putting a vase of flowers on the table "Good gluten free restaurant choice! Our party of three dined here Monday evening.  We opted to sit outside as the dining room seemed very loud and we didn't want to struggle to have a conversation.  Our waitress was knowledgeable about the gluten free options. We started with the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella. The ""croutons"" (rather large flat pieces of toast) were served on a separate plate for the guys to enjoy. My husband and his coworker ordered the bone in filet while I opted for the ny strip.  We all ordered our steaks medium.  We received rare  or how it was seasoned. I felt like the entrees were sub par. The Au gratin potatoes wer DELISH though. The Sam's mashed potatoes are probably the best mashed potatoes i've had at any steak house here." The grilled asparagus was excellent as were the garlic mashed potatoes. But that is not what you go to a steakhouse for. We will not be returning." The cheesecake was fabulous.  The customer service was lacking and the Seared Tuna was the worst I had ever had.  NC before or to this restaurant but all I have to say is Wow!  Amazing meal as I had the Filet Minon and it was one of the best meals I have ever eaten.  As and added bonus the waiter pointed out that the DT Suh from the Miami Dolphins was at the next table over and when he got done I went and asked for his autograph and he was very nice and gave it to me.  This place was incredible from the moment we walked in to the moment we left.  It is on the very expensive side but well worth every dime we paid.  I would recommend this place to anyone visiting who wants an upscale atmosphere and a great top notch dinner." "My friends and I went here last night. Our waiter Shawn was super! The crab cakes  nothing special what you would expect for a Caesar salad. The filet was good but could have been a little more tender. I find many steak restaurants have an issue cooking to med-well. It was good just not great. The side were really good I went for lunch with some colleagues and had the tuna. It was a bit overcooked and clearly not fresh. The ball of rice was also okay. The green beans were steamed fine. My colleague's ribeye sandwich was apparently pretty good but why go here when youre not on business?  every staff member was courteous and took a genuine interest providing great service. There were great little touches like the complimentary glasses of champagne and a special anniversary dessert that made our experience go from great to exceptional. My filet was absolutely perfect and the lobster macaroni was decadent. I was thoroughly wowed!"  you can't go wrong with anything at this fine-dining establishment!"  he had the Wagyu Cheeseburger with Fried Egg and Crisp Onions and truffle Parmesan fries. The serves was absolutely  wonderful  our waiter name was David he was always there he never missed a beat this whole experience was absolutely great. We had a ball for the food was GREAT!!!!!!" "I LOVE Capital Grille!!!! My husband & I sat at the bar tonight to celebrate. Our bartender Alex was amazing! Wagyu and Wine feature was great "The kona NY strip is one of the best steaks I've ever had. Recommended! Great cocktails Don't always need reservations. Have walked in a few times without reservations. The wine menu is great and the pineapple martini is delicious. The kitchen is very accommodating to allergies. The ribeye is amazing and I also always enjoy a seafood dish such as the salmon. I do want to give The Capital Grille a big Thank You for going the extra step of setting up our table for our anniversary. My wife was thrilled. Thank you!"  and I'm not sure why as the place was not busy at the time. Lest just say his tip went to the other server who had to pick up ours slack. If you don't earn it you don't get it." Service was impressive.  Very attentive and friendly."  but I really felt like the expense was worth it! Great service and great food can't be beat!"  great service! Perfect for a special occasion. The lobster mac-n-cheese is phenomenal. We'll be back for birthdays "The Capital Grille is solid.  It has a more upscale feel then some other high end chain restaurants. The drinks are awesome and the food came out perfect.  From oysters  friendly and courteous service along with a GREAT wine list this is the place to come!"  enough for dinner tomorrow night. This was everything a special occasion dinner should be! We left looking forward to our next dinner there." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ "The epitome of fine dining. Came in as a party of 15. Our server talked us into dishes we wouldn't normally eat and everything was delicious. Ate lots of oysters..drank lots of champagne. The displays of food were exquisite. Lots of detail put into presentation.  Lots of flavor. Servers sang happy birthday to a friend and gave her a dessert sampler and took pictures of the table.  This is my ""go to "" place when I'm in the area."  the lobster mac and cheese is delicious and the service is amazing. Highly recommend going to The Capital Grille for any special occasion." It's at a great location in Uptown Charlotte which allowed us to walk to the bars clubs after dinner."  but also expect to want to come back for another steak as soon as possible." Dessert is great - I usually opt for the flourless torte but honestly every thing I've tried has been excellent." The apple cobbler was okay...salted caramel gelato was good...Anyways  for a more reasonable price at local neighborhood bars resturaunts.  Do not fall for the hype. Try a small local fine dining restaurant.  You and your party will thank you for it!" "I made reservations for NYE probably around 3 weeks in advance. I am a student so going to what is supposed to be one of the city's elite steakhouses was going to be a treat. My girlfriend and I had 9:15 reservations and it took until about 9:30-9:45 to be seated which is understandable and the bar staff was wonderful while we waited. It was all downhill from there. We were both dressed extremely nice even better than some of the older patrons that were there who were wearing polo shirts and tshirts with sports coats.  That did not matter since we were 10 years younger than every other patron.  Our service was terrible which I suspect was due to the fact that we were the youngest people in the restaurant. It took 20-30 min to receive my bud light. I ordered the kona crusted strip medium rare and the only part of the steak that was slightly pink was the part near the bone. My girlfriend ordered the wedge salad with an added chicken breast with a side of au graten potatoes. Her meal was good other than the fact that once she finished 1 4 of her food the wait staff repeatedly asked if we would like a to go box to which I eventually caved and agreed to in order to get out of the dining area. I have been a waiter and bar tender for years to pay my way through law school so I understand when the restaurant is busy. Understanding this I did not feel it was appropriate at the time to complain to the manager. That being said  gave us a few pointers on identifying a good wine. This was done in a very genuine humble fashion. When passing through Charlotte we will be back. We were there 3 January 2016 awaiting a new grandchild."  they were phenomenal. In addition to the great food the service was superb. Our waiter George took great care of us. We will definitely eat there again." I have eaten at some exceptional restaurants and Capital Grille has just made this list. I liked the ambiance and the decor. The service was top notch and the food exceptional. Now granted I came during Charlotte's Restaurant Week but it's a restaurant I would try again even if it wasn't restaurant week. I got the chef's special which was the bone-in Kona crusted dry aged 18 oz NY strip topped with a shallot butter sauce. It was cooked a gorgeous medium rare. Buttery and smooth. The sauce was heavenly. I also ordered a delicious wedge salad and the creme brle was fantastic. The sides were green beans with onions and heirloom tomatoes and mashed potatoes. Both good but I was really focused on my steak. Peter was a great server and recommended a delicious house martini that complimented my meal. Do yourself a favor and make reservations today.  not a recommendation so we take responsibility for that one. We would consider this a success and definitely a top choice for the next special occasion." Good was very good but I got to say Ruth's Chris steaks are better tasting." I wouldn't suggest trying Capital Grille during major events because the food quality decreases. I am a major fan of their lobster Mac and cheese and was craving it during Valentine's Day. I ordered take out and when I got home I barely had any lobster(3 claws) and the amount of pasta was minimal. Absolutely had one of the best servers ever in Delany. Great atmosphere and the salmon dish was excellent. Would recommend potatoes au gratin for a side. I went here for Valentines and it was so worth it! Very classy! The service was amazing! The lobster mac& cheese was to die for. We also ordered the calamari seriously so delish. Def coming back! There are plenty of great restaurants and steak houses in Charlotte.  There is nothing unique or better about the capital grille than these other places." CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ  salads and much more.  I always ask for George. Food is tops!" Top notch!  The food is always fantastic. The staff is very professional but not stuffy.  Love the rich wood decor "A steakhouse worth the price. Downtown Charlotte there is a steak waiting cooked to perfection with your name on it. After driving 4 hours I finally decided to stop for a bite to eat. Once I walked in I knew I was under dressed everyone I the place was in their Sunday finest  Always a nice spot to grab a drink or have dinner. I love this place if you are on a low carb diet and they are accommodating with food allergies. I love their pineapple vodka drink. Great for a date night.  we were treated with celebratory champagne. I had the Gorgonzola and truffle crusted dry aged ny strip and my boyfriend had the 24 oz. dry aged porterhouse. We shared the asparagus risotto (delicious) and the lobster mac & cheese (out of this world)! Our waiter  they smelled really but I refrained from grabbing one... his burger also looked good but I was focused!"  everything was extremely fresh and cooked to perfection.  Our server Sheri (spelling?) was amazing  than the Capital Grille.  I stopped by the bar area today for a late lunch.  The bartender and wait staff were flawless in their service The decor inside is very nice and definitely a place you want to take someone to impress them!  Would go back Steak tartare was amazing! I sat at the bar and the bartender was fun to talk to. We had a great conversation and she knew the menu well. I ordered the Ny strip and it was cooked to perfection. The lobster mac was amaizng. I really enjoyed my experience! I doubt I will ever set foot in this place again. The balsamic whatever sirloin was awful. Literally the worst steak I've had in a year or two."  and the special touch to the cake we brought in) was immaculate and the customer service was above and beyond. Thanks for always being the greatest at making our dining experience so spectacularly flawless!" "I'm going to be honest I was nervous about coming here because of the reviews. Me and my husband made reservations for our anniversary celebration. Everyone here treated us nice. They had our table ready with decorations and we even got a card saying happy anniversary. Also gave us some roses which were beautiful and dessert Thank you Amber at The Capital Grill in Charlotte North Carolina."  the lobster bisque was amazing. The fresh and large chunks of lobster were mouth watering. I then had the filet sandwich with truffle fries. The filet had a Capitol Grill special sauce that was a mix between a goat cheese spread and aioli. The truffle fries were hands down the best I have ever had. Nothing even compares. The filets were perfectly cooked CChwRoYVXA3QZulS8a6xOQ Great Night in The Capital ! Friendly Staff and a great salmon dinner can't be beat ! Lobster mac n cheese is awesome." BEST steakhouse I've ever been to. Fantastic service and AWESOME food! Steaks are phenomenal! Well worth every cent! George Lee has got to be the greatest server on the face of this earth!  it's how they resolve the situation that truly matters to me. They staff was tremendously gracious and I am excited to go back as I know they'll knock my socks off next time. Good job The food was amazing as always.  The calamari is probably my favorite thing on the menu.  The peppers are the perfect mix of sweet & spicy and the calamari is fried to perfection (a couple of extra seconds can result in rubber tires).  Our server was Angel & she was so sweet.  She was just the right mix of friendly & attentive without hovering or taking away from the dining experience. "Damn good steak! what else is there to say. If you're a steak lover and haven't been to the CG then you're missing out. Yes I know its a chain I had steak and mashed potatoes.  The steak was perfectly med-rare and mashed potatoes made simply but flavorful."  where the evening cocktail reception contained a NASCAR theme and an open bar.  And who says insurance guys don't know how to have a good time  and a great beer selection.  Attentive staff and sportsbar-meets-college bar ambience."  a throw back to a time some people may miss. So throw off the tie scarf and leave the day job behind and just enjoy some beers and wings or nachos and have a little fun  it very well could have been some kind of football after game outing.  I managed to meet an older brother that was into the Pistons Nice sports bar... not all of the seats allow good angles of the game but it still not a bad place to watch a game... the food is desent... i would stick to the fried stuff and bar food... they have good drink specials and alot of TVs...  Had a few too many wasted nights in this place... "After work place for a beer (decent number of drafts) and some bar grub.  Had some fairly decent Mahi tacos.  Service was good  but that can be okay too.  They do a pretty good job of keeping the Golden Tee game up to date which is nice." We ate at the bar and the service was great. When we first sat down I realized that I left my ID in our apartment and I (understandably) couldn't be served. The bartender was very apologetic  to the abundance of good viewing angles & tvs. The atmosphere is pretty live during the nightlife  stop by on  a Tuesday to watch whatever game is on. After a few beers  so it's a good place to start or finish a night of moving from bar to bar. They serve food until late-night When Im in the mood for bar food I pop in for a beer and their buffalo chicken wrap and pretty decent chili Yum!  They also do full menu takeout for when you don't feel like the bar scene...  the huge fan above helps cut the smoke down dramatically.  You can't escape the smoke all together probably  the bar was great!  Had a buffalo chicken wrap and quite a few Fat Tire drafts and I had a really great time.  The staff was attentive and helpful t5l-H2KdY4MQgLDMENz9WQ  nothing wrong with coming here on a Sunday to catch all the games.  Plus Just wish they had more people going in and out This is a decent chain bar that almost feels like a local."  tons of tv's and a huge bar.  Would visit again!" This place is a win if you go on the right day. The food isn't phenomenal "Ugh! The worst food ever. Who serves a shrimp taco with cheese? There was no mention of cheese on the menu for the meal. The ""Manager"" was unwilling to comp my meal...they took a measly $3 off. The waitress asked what ""side"" i wanted and i chose a salad...we were charged for the side when my meal ""came with a side"". Plus they didn't have the correct vodka for a drink listed on their drink list and they charged us for the more expensive substitute! Hands down  but the pizza took an awful long time to come out. We must have waited for about 30 minutes before the food finally came to our table. But once it came Bonus: they have a TON of good beer on draft. It's probably about 20-25 beers on tap and they change quite often. If you catch them on a special draft night then SCORE if you're a beer lover!! They also have a fun little patio and it's prime location for people watching too." Overall not a bad experience. Not the type of place I'd plan to go but if my friends And I don't have an issue with any of that." "Stool Pigeons is the definition of a mediocre sports bar. It's a bit dirty  most of that stuff was the kitchen. Should always tip cause they don't really get paid by the restaurant."  Cutters is a nice place to go smoke a cigar. It's in the Marriott uptown so the people watching is always good and the ambience of the bar itself is creative and comfortable. I have had some good conversations in Cutters. The cigars in the Cutters humidor are (in my opinion) quite overpriced so I usually bring my own. There is 1 excellent 9 foot pocket pool table for those that like to shoot pool And really not smokey." What you can be certain of is the high ratio of men to women. And most men there will have an affinity for cigars and scotch. And that is not a bad thing." "Very cool place to relax and enjoy a good drink.  It wasn't too crowded the night I was there so we had the ""library"" room to ourselves and the service was excellent." 7BVCmaxhvXgEpx7J-SQ4QA  so utilize the valet parking. The bartender will validate that ish for you."  though I'll probably just foot the fee and bring my own selection."  they are friendly and provide first class service.  I will say that the cigar selection is a little disappointing but they don't mind if you bring your own.  As for prices Cutters does not have to worry about my patronage going forward and Marriott should be ashamed to have such poor customer service associated with its brand." I went back a day later and bought a medium grade cigar for my brother and a chocolate flavored cigar by Acid for myself." "The service here is phenomenal. People are very friendly and seem genuinely eager to help. The collection of whiskey and cigars is decent. But A very well managed cigar lounge.  One of the best I've seen.  The staff knows their stock very well. Decor is top notch. The food I had was above board and the atmosphere was incredible.  I will be going back for sure as I have more business in Charlotte...  with a licorice flavor.  It was good and it is something I may try again."  they will help you cut and light for a $5 fee." Buyer beware...you WILL drop at least a Benjamin if you so much as SNEEZE inside this bar...no one ever said high falootin' living came cheap!"  but you may want to bring your own cigars as the markup is a bit steep. Great atmosphere and friendly service nonetheless! Everything a good cigar hangout should be! Leather seats  a liberally poured cocktail and let the days stress depart in the blue smoke of your cigar." 7BVCmaxhvXgEpx7J-SQ4QA Kind of wonky getting into the place.  It's not really in the hotel but it is.  You have to walk in the breezeway before the lobby.  Door is a bit unexpected If you're a fan of cigars or the cigar bar scene and are in Charlotte  the kind of place you would expect when you think of a cigar bar and a good scotch. There is a pool table (maybe two) but I haven't ever seen anyone playing on them.  The drinks are pricey Down Sides: Drinks are fairly pricey and the bar is extremely dark. It's smokey which should be expected since this is a cigar bar." "Don't bother going. Walked in very excited to enjoy a cigar & watch the game. No TV's!  They said they didn't want to take away from their sports bar Was here for a private event and the space is great - lots of large leather chairs and space to hang out. Great selection of scotch and other brown spirits. Pool table as well." This is a great place for a date or a group that plays pool." I love an occasional cigar while traveling out of town.  I found Cutters and decided to have my ritual end of day smoke.  The reviews weren't wrong.  This place will remind you of a 1930's speakeasy.  Ask for Katie. She is awesome.  and they were pricey.  But if you are a out of town traveler staying at that particular Marriott and you have a affinity toward cigars  drinks and cigars I would rank it as acceptable.  I wasn't really there long enough for food so I'll have to chime in on that at another time I suppose.  I do hope to come back some time soon." Cigar bar at the Marriott. Way cool!. I didn't realize they were serving from their bar menu as well as from Savannah Red (great restaurant on property). I had the $8 crabcake appetizer. Lots of lump crabmeat. Definitely a nice bargain. Bartender Sam was very friendly and attentive. Nice crowd. Great cigars. Excellent choices of scotch and gin. My kind of place.  the food was great and the margarita was awesome. The cigar selection was very tiny and way over priced!  I was very disappointed with what I spent on food and drinks. Overall if you are a banker and on and on an expense account  liquor. Just a good place to sit and take a load off." Totally recommendable."  you can smoke inside by the bar or in the luxurious leather  chairs with a tasty beverage.  Con: Their bartender is a little snobby." "I really enjoyed this place.  It has outstanding customer service and a very appealing atmosphere including lots of leather furniture.  Great ventilation with all the cigar smoking.  The only thing this place was missing was TV which I experience at other cigar lounges.   Overall  so no other issues... Next time I would bring my own sticks and pay a $5 cutting fee." "Thanks but no thanks. Turned off by the fact that we had to park a block away because the hotel was sold out for the night.  Called and spoke with the Manager who proceeded to explain why the parking problem existed. If there is establishment inside the hotel Katie and Jamie are great bartenders both of them made a good Tom Collins!"  and bar selection are top notch! Waitresses and bartenders are super friendly and they mix great drinks. A great place to enjoy the finer things in life and converse with the fellas.  The class and ambience of Cutters are unmatched." "Bring your own cigars and pay the cut fee. The atmosphere is great for intimate meets. However  and nice company. Plenty of comfy leather seating.  Great ventilation. They had a nice pool table to shoot a few racks. Great service from Mallorie. Very personable attentive.  Nice ambiance. Friendly people. Great place. Cigars a little more expensive than the norm  we hardly knew ye ..." Great bar. It is what it is."  but Connolly's is an exception. It's just a fun Irish pub. Because of this it has more character than some of the trashy uptown bars. I like the brick walls and ambiance of the second floor. They seem to be always be watching a soccer match there  what is the difference? To me the biggest difference is that a Pub has a kitchen and more than just wings and cheese sticks and Connolly's does not. I didn't venture upstairs Good and friendly service. Relaxing time. Great tunes. Decor is just right for the pub feel."  irish pub in uptown Charlotte. We came by for one drink - they have two stories which is great. Drinks were reasonably priced and service was fast and friendly. Crowd was easy going. Everything was great except for the bathrooms! The upstairs ladies was closed for renovations and the downstairs had a faulty lock. Two different people walked in on me mid-pee. Not fun. Connolly's please fix your facilities for the ladies!!"  you think they would be paying more attention to what was going on in front of the bar (i.e. people waiting for drinks) and behind the bar (i.e. getting someone's tab right) I have a feeling we'll be going back. It was a great time regardless Cool Irish spot with a new outdoor patio. No food and a limited draft and bottled beer selection.  Free WiFi.  The hostess is gorgeous so I would drink there anytime.  with a patio and two stories and the usual Irish brews on tap.   But jmzPbvE_02SzTAjwZCTgYA  do me a favor and find the Irsh bartender ""Murph"" and give him a hard time... seriously do it. It will get him all fired up and a good laugh for you and me! ;) He is my favorite bartender in Charlotte but he's still a pain in the arse."  a visit to Connelly's is an escape to an ol' pub filled with character and life."  I think. But it's a good ending to a bar crawl because there are plenty of cabs that cruise around the area." And in my book . . . .that's A-Ok!"  and love uptown to only slightly pretentious snobs that live on the outskirts of uptown.  I am joking...kinda.  I love coming here because its small and intimate jmzPbvE_02SzTAjwZCTgYA  and sometimes you may run into a large wooden object you couldn't see 6 inches in front of you  it does get pretty packed during the weekends and can get crowded."  the location is killer and service is acceptable. The open seating area in the back is killer!"  although a notable perk of Connolly's is the outdoor patio.  You can find both ping pong and cornhole for your playing pleasure!  The bartenders are always friendly.  My only complaint (especially on behalf of my ladies) is that there are no mirrors in the bathrooms!  Also Amazing bar.  Great ambiance   style   set up.   Great beer and drink selection.   Also has a wonderful covered outdoor sitting area that is quite large.   Loved this bar!  Staff is very friendly even though most of them are from Michigan.Saturday night after 10pm is when the crowd showed up Classic spot for a pint with friends!  and both times it was for a special event being held in the upstairs room. My most recent experience was for a ""Relentless Against Cancer"" charity event that my friend was throwing in honor of the charity her family runs. Connollys management and staff were quite wonderful in allowing her to host the event upstairs "Connoly's is your average Charlotte Bar. What they have going for it is the heated outside patio and the regular patio next to it.  Sometimes you just want to go outside after being crowded in a bar.  The crowd seems to be younger and the upstairs usually is super packed.  I will probably go again I know Guinness is the Irish staple but I assume they drink other beers too. The selection here is horrible. The service was friendly and the place seems to always have a crowd but I just cannot figure out why. Wish the beer selection was better." Favorite bar I have been to in Charlotte. Great beer and great space. Has a really comfortable and relaxing environment.  and they are more than happy to accommodate you. I told one of the bartenders a story once and went back weeks later and he had remembered me and that story. Good stuff. Nice to know they actually like their customers! Johnathan is super nice at the door as well. I think that maybe covert kicks in at 1030 We just stopped by for a drink before a show at the Blumenthal but I loved the feel of the place.  Dark and cozy with cool stuff on the walls and big HVAC ducts along the ceiling.  They have a nice patio outside also. The sign outside speaks volumes about the craic inside!  two bars on two floors and an outdoor seating area partially covered so your covered for the summer time thunderstorms  on sunday funday. Corn hole is set up out on the patio which can help pick up your a portion of your tab if your competitive and into gambling. The bartenders were friendly and the mood is more laid back and chill than other bars downtown. Peak hours can get pretty packed but the off hours are good for kicking it and catching up with some old friends." Alright! My little Irish pub! I just drink Guinness when I'm here. I'm part Irish myself so when I'm here it makes me want to go the motherland lol. There's an upstairs and a large patio with games and such. Hope to see you there! In from KC and stopped by for just a drink and ended up staying for several!  Extremely nice bartenders and very accommodating when it came to finding my football game.  Loved this place!  A true pub!! Maybe I'm just a lush.  Maybe you are.  I don't know what it is p.s.s leave your dirty laundry at home (meet a girl there that asked the whole bar if she should sleep with her ex Fun place to grab a drink. I always know i will get a perfect guinness when i come in this place! The patio is very nice too! This is always one of my stops when i head uptown for the night! Keep up the good work!  I would highly recommend this place to someone who is looking for a good time Uptown (PS - great view of the Hearst Tower)." 54Aydh4aR64rdWa17FW1Jw  a big group of hard-partying folks decided that we wanted to have a few more adult beverages before calling it a night.  We ended up walking over to Connolly's & taking over the upstairs room.  I think the majority of our group ended up staying until last call.  We had good service and they were very accommodating despite the fact that a few folks in our group were pretty loud and maybe bordering on the obnoxious side.  But  mostly college kids.  Good place to go booze and listen to loud ass music.  I'm sure the daytime vibe is different." Phfff. Not sure what the point of this place is other than to watch people watch sports events on the upper level 'cause that's what  I spent much of my time doing until about midnight whereupon I switched to watching drunken wallflowers dance in a corner while everyone else just stood around shouting over each other. Typical bar. Glad i had a few in me before making it here otherwise i would not have been entertained. Wear you jammies here kids cause it won't matter the next day anyway.  but also remains one of the most popular watering holes in Center City. I know I don't have to say this Will definetely be back." I've been here a few times. It compares to Dandelion but about 10 times trashier with staff who don't really care about there customers."  bar staff know their drinks. I will definitely go again when I am in Charlotte." Well finally a place that can pull a pint. Good atmosphere and a friendly crowd. They also had a good selection of Irish whiskey. "Yes.  Its just a bar.  But a bar with the best black and tans around.  I love this place.  Always dim and has a cool atmosphere.  Also I hate this place especially the bouncer justin who refused to let me enter the establishment because I was wearing a UK polo. He said he was a unc fan and couldn't let me in because I would start stuff. I tired to talk to the manager before he laid his hands on me and threw me into the street nearly getting hit by a mini van. I tried calling management to express my opinion of the psychopath they have working the front door but the number does not work anymore. Further more I will never return because of the people this place chooses to hire. "The only thing more useless than yelp ( and that's saying something as yelp is as useless as as a bathroom attendant is Connely's who  has to clean piss from the sink where the better customers tend to relieve themselves) is Connellys I'd bring my friends here on St. Patrick's day but it's not my fave."  they have Mecktoberfest. Go have fun!"  why on earth do they charge a cover to go in? This is a drinking eating establishment and they charge a cover when there is no band playing? Seems ridiculous and all about $$$$$$$$!" **They don't serve food  and the guy picking up empty glasses was exceptionally nice. I'd go back for a well poured Guinness." The crowd at Connolly's on Fifth was a mix of younger and older. The vibe felt kind of lame  If you're looking for a place to have a drink  little Irish pub with a great patio area. Good size bar when you first come in. It can get crowded in here. There's a second bar area upstairs. Nice beer selection and of course some Guinness on draft. They don't serve food. Anytime I'm out in the Uptown area I try to stop by for a pint." This is 100% my favorite bar in Uptown. Great atmosphere and the bartenders take good care of you. This is always the go to place for my group of friends especially if it's nice out. Love it!  and one of the best patios in Charlotte. This place stays true to the Irish culture."  I wouldn't pay $5 to get in when there are so many bars without covers around."  now on Halloween they kick us out after we spent over 100 plus dollars because someone thought we flicked the bartender off. They try and surround  my group of four and tell us we have to leave and I calmly ask what the problem was and explaining that we just drop a hundred dollars at your bar but the asshole bartender said he didn't care and called his meat head buddy over to try and remove us. Form the time we entered the bar till they tried to remove us was less than 10 minutes for this whole thing to go down. Iv worked in F&B for 15 years and have never as a patron been treated in that way by an establishment before. You don't kick out someone just because you think someone flicked you off. The costumer comes first over your own personal insecurity. I was very polite and told the bartender we would leave because we didn't want any trouble but he preceded on grabbing the bouncer and putting hand on me and my friends over a alleged middle finger. Never again well I spend money in this establishment. Drink at your own risk!"  I know why I haven't been in so long. The place was so packed you cannot even here yourself think Forget the chain 'pubs' - this place is the real deal!  you always feel at home here. A bit dark but always a good crowd to liven it up. Great service and plethora of liquor or tasty local or Irish beers. I must admit there are not many nights where I don't end up here before heading home. For anyone new to the area this a staple for your uptown pleasure. Slainte" Definitely my favorite Charlotte bar. The bartenders are friendly the the Guinness is the best in the city Great atmosphere. Anyone who has been to the UK will appreciate it. A proper pub mate!  Staff engages just enough. Can't wait to watch FOOTIE or a rugby match there!  didn't feel the need to chat with you which I like. Only gripe I have is that they only have one bathroom for each gender." Pretty bummed that due to them double booking the venue and not being fully staffed "Boy do I love Irish bars and dive bars.  This place combines them both in an amazing way.  Small little inside with an upstairs and a patio.  At 3 PM  radio friendly songs you've heard a million times and they let anyone in.  That's both a blessing and a curse depending on how you look at it."  & you'll be around people thoroughly enjoying themselves...and sloshing drinks on the dance floor."  go on a Wednesday night and watch dozens of people vie for prizes in the cornhole tournament. That's pretty entertaining."  but it's generally a good time if you're looking to really tie one on with friends." Also...do not wear open-toed shoes here.  The floors are atrocious...flooded with beer and piss and what-have-you and tainted with every communicable disease on the block.  That may be an exaggeration  like Cans and a few other places around Charlotte. Since they are catering to the young-and-horny crowd I would definitely put Buckhead on the itinerary for any crazy night in Charlotte."  get rid of the peanuts." I wasn't terribly impressed by the music but then again I rarely listen to the radio anymore. Anyhow! Huge space  etc). I think what impressed me the most this night was the upgrade in the music selection. They went way beyond the typical top 40 that they usually play when the live band isn't performing. The DJ kinda sucked though....he was mixing in other songs halfway through songs that just didn't blend in well  otherwise I can't control who would know about it. The ""manager"" came over and basically called me a liar and kept trying to shake my hand for some reason. Some fat girl (who coincidentally muttered the ""n"" word) was hi-fiving the manager and had informed him that I was just trying to scam the bar  but you have to be sure to get there before it runs out. Definitely a JWU hangout on Thursdays. Also a great place to head after alive after five" They validate parking! Cheap beer! Free parking uptown is worth a small sacrifice. After one drink and the ticket validation "Perfectly fine bar located uptown amongst some other more upscale places.  I can't really find bad things to say about the place as I've only visited a handful of times and each time has been fun and service at the bar  and business is steady but not busy. I've never had to wait for a table during lunch  we split checks...shame on us).  If you are going to go through the trouble of doing a special event menu to accomodate a crowd then round out the preparations by staffing appropriately (in the kitchen and the dining room)." "No idea how this place is for food. Just went here to drink and party. It's quite a scene. Various nights have different types of music. Was there on a Wednesday when they played 80s music (LMAO) and then again on Thursday when they had salsa. They smoke here too but it's not as awful as some places with no air circulation. My favorite part about this place...no cover charge. God bless the South. Drinks were reasonable  it's depressing to walk into a bar in Charlotte and only have one or two choices.  Cosmos expands the horizons and I appreciate that."  yet everyone was dressed really nice. Just as a side-note about uptown: I am finding that about a lot of the places we visit; everyone looks really good  but hear that  weekends are fun too.  The bald headed bartender was very friendly and knowledgable.  The IPA I had was really good (but just a tad warm).  I am staying at the Holiday Inn across the street so this is a good low-key find right next to my hotel.   Was described as a Bank Of America bar and not a Wachovia Bar  so if you're into that you may wanna try them. And they usually have some great deals on those  but that wasn't all that went wrong.  We were handed limited menus.  There was some kind of event or show going on that night in Uptown (when isn't there anymore?) and Cosmos was providing a limited menu with only a few simple items (not even their gourmet options) so they could get people in and out quicker.  It was neither the Cosmos experience I was used to nor the birthday experience I wanted." I'd seek the place out again on the next trip to town." Cosmos is a great place for cheap drinks ($7-8 for a martini and $4 margaritas is a great deal) and good Latin music on Thursdays. Place gets pretty packed and the crowd is very diverse (mid 20s-early 40s). I would recommend heading going to the upstairs bar for much faster service. "The food was good but not exceptional.  Sushi was not on the main menu but after I got my food found it was on a separate flier no one gave me.  Beer selection weak.  Might be cooler on a busier night  you pretty much never have to tell him your order again. Great apps!  But I must admit I haven't gone lately due to having to pay to park after 5pm.  Think its ridiculous.  Great people watching !" Make sure to note that Cosmo's sports a limited menu on big event nights and offers half price apps from 5-7 pm. This is definitely a spot to make reservations during event nights!"  especially martinis. Had the chicken pretzel sandwich which was good. Could have done without the tangy relish I would go back if I am ever in Charlotte again."  the service was very good and if you work in the area it seems like a good spot to stop in for a drink.  That said  but it has all the makings to becoming a food-warrior on the mean streets of Queen City. If you do have time  feels a lot more upscale than what the prices actually are - it was surprisingly not very busy for a Friday night either.  I'd definitely recommend Cosmo's if you are going out on the town and want some food Ate at cosmos on a Thursday bogo on tapas ordered chicken quesadilla n needed more sour cream n was charged 50 cent! Ridiculous I will never patronize again. Also the food is just ok not the greatest they should b glad u stop in with all the other choices. I heard there was salsa dancing on certain nights but I'm not sure when (not dinner time on a Friday night obviously).  Good food Service & drinks both good.  Weeknights are like a ghost town.  Had a great time with a bartender in training. e5J3s-xxs1S6PPHJhldBEA Somehow still managed to spend 20 bucks a head. And that'll be the last time I visit Cosmos." Go sit at the Bar.  The drinks are great and the SUSHI is very good.  The women in there are smokin hot. The second floor is a great spot to reserve for a birthday party I have only drank here but it is a great vibe!  I love the dance lessons - heck I dont even need a few drinks to invite the opportunity to make a fool of myself.  They had salsa lessons on a recent Saturday night that I was there.  The upstairs bartenders was fast and efficient.  There are couches were you can sit and chat with your friends.  Love the cool staircase and whole feel of the place!  :-D  but when I saw a second one I began to suspect that there might be an infestation in the restaurant. I won't be dining at this Cosmos location again." "Met some friends for dinner happy hour. Bogo tapas before 7pm was a draw. Ordered the Crostini and Crab con Queso...both were excellent. The burgers were great as well. This place has a cool "This place has everything!  Popped in for lunch with a friend and a drink or few.  We sat at the bar in the center of the place and spoke with the very friendly bartender for suggestions.  She suggested a sushi lunch plate which we ended up sharing and the drink special.  Since the sushi chief worked right behind where we were stationed we got to watch the whole plate get created.  After a few rounds of the daily drink special we walked out tipsy and full for around $10 each I've been to the ballantyne location twice After a bit we were ready to head on to the next destination with a nice buzz and a fun time. Good job Cosmos!"  the taste was substandard and no seasoning.  I guess you can say we recieved third quality food at high end prices. It was terrible.  The the service was okay and I was atmosphere was not that great.  I do not see myself returning."  but not outstanding.  With a lot of overpriced steakhouses in the area Cosmo's is good value.  Friendly employees and atmosphere.  If the food was a little better I'd bump it to 4 stars." "It's a bar with fun latin nights.Haven't had the food but if you know how to salsa  which is surprising given its location. Food  is typical American. Overall  especially me.  I told the waiter what I was debating between and he suggested the brisket saying it is good and ""very filling"".  I ordered the brisket.  It came out about 5 minutes after the rest of my table was served and the piece I was served was well over half pure fat.  Due to the fact that half was inedible to me I was hungry again within 3 hours.  If I am ever in Charlotte again I will find another place to eat." "Definitely a fun place to go...but dress code is way too strict during night club time.  Apparently you have to have a collar shirt to get it...I've worn regular shirts (nice ones of course) many times and had no problem getting in.  Oh well  which has no discernible pieces of crab meat and tasted as if the whole dip (including meat) had been pureed. We also got the stuffed mushrooms Drink prices are high but the dancing is fun!  the service was slow. Not enough staff. DON'T order the Greek salad. DON'T order the dessert martinis. We had a party of six. Won't do that again."  but comparable to other Uptown areas. I would definitely go again but during happy hour."  steak over seasoned and undercooked. No wonder empty on Friday night."  the menu isn't that diverse and the sushi bar was closed when we were there. Bummer. What we did order--hubby got a gyro and I had a chicken gyro--was delicious. The onion rings were great so add them on if you go." Great place to salsa dance on a Saturday night!!  A brief lesson is given by some great professionals-check it out!! "Staff was very friendly. But food and drinks were disappointing. This place markets itself as ""Martini specialists"" but I had to ask for my martini to be remade a second time as it came without olives. Also - olives were standard jarred fair. A much better martini can be had at ""Urban Sip"" above the Ritz - they have Spanish giant olives hand-stuffed with blue cheese." "I've never been for the food but on a friday saturday night love going for a great margarita and for a good price. I've tried margarita's all over charlotte Ate there last night. Food was pretty good except the steak came out cold. The staff was friendly but the food was sooo slow to come out and any time we asked for something they either forgot it took a long time to bring it. It was NOT a busy night so it was a bit disappointing. I will not go back.  and a 92 sanitation grade should have been enough of a warning. Finally a waitress came over & rudely said that they had a bunch of reservations for later & refused to seat us. Went across the street to Fuel Pizza & have YET to see anyone else go in."  no drink specials though. They play new hip hop and r&b! Had a good time last weekend and I usually always have a good time when I go on Friday nights"  I walked in at 7:30pm and had to wonder whether they were open.  No hostess! So I walked in and stood at the bar for nearly a minute before I skated if they were open.  Finally some service!!!  Let me say that the drinks are fantastic!  The food not so much.  The rating is only due to the drinks."  don't leave fast food on a table in the dining area. It's not sanitary." Always a good time - if there aren't a lot of people the place could be sort of boring but always a good drink special nontheless.  head to Dixie's Tavern & you'll have a good time without breaking bank." XeFNQqz5vVsVIcTjNuXcTw  and the proximity to other uptown hot spots makes it an inevitable landing strip for at least a few minutes on nights out in the area."  Dixie's may seem like a cool hangout place.  If you're anything else  and a huge bell where they ring if they're tipped.  At least back then it was like that.  Pretty cool venue to start out from if you're going on a night on the town with some friends." Overall I'd say it's a decent place to get drinks... also to meet people because it is a stand alone building that you can easily find without too much trouble.  I've had food here before and it's y our typical bar food - but good.  The wait staff have always been nice and the bartenders do what they can with the crowds." "Good prices on draft beer! Thats all I care about to be honest. Oh It reminded me of the dirty restroom at the gas station on HWY 40 driving through Texas. Dirty and nasty. Their monster margaritas are delicious! The service is decent. Gets a little too crowded at times. "I am not a huge fan of Dixie's but on occasion with a group of friends  pretty decent crowd and good drinks although music selection is pretty suspect.  Definitely worth a stop if partying in Charlotte."  and the place smells like a dirty ashtray.  the waitresses were very rude and didnt care about your orders. I was hoping for a better experience but oh we'll.... That's why I have found a much better place to watch all the games." "Dixies is truly a fun place. BUT def a different mix on weeknights versus weekdays.. AND both have been busy. Monday ... decent crowd.. fun feel...mixed music and karaoke.. GREAT bartenders... Saturday night... Douche bag guys shotgunning cheap beer and Jager.. I mean.... really? No worries.. but don't do it over our table... and IF you do and WE ask U Mr. Security MAN... to remove the guy from the area of which he dances upon.. SPILLS his Jager all over my date... and TRIES everything to start a fight... GET him out of here... JUST move him... BAD BAD... Its' a huge place.. just move the guy and his friends.. So shady on the bouncers... SO good are the bartenders... Just def a different vibe  Went accross the street to the Queen City BBQ and had a very nice lunch."  and I don't mean it in a bad way. It's a pretty fun spot. The outside patio-ish area is probably the real positive to the joint and the beers cheap too." "Well the outdoor patio is nice. I've sat here a lot over the last few days. I'm currently doing guard duty for a movie production that rented Dixie's lot. The sun was pounding down at 11:30am. I decided to take my lunch early. The cowboy burger was recommended by Rachel. It sounded like an avalanche of meat followed by a heart attack. The reality was that it was just perfect for lunch. I had a sweet tea to drink.         Rick  even though it's pretty small." Just not my kind of place. There really wasn't anything in particular that stood out that was horrible. It lends itself to a younger crowd.  It never seems that clean. It has decent drink specials. During large events it will become incredibly packed.  so you wont have much of an issue trekking home."  no price listed on their specialty drinks.  Imagine our surprise when the bill came.  17 bucks for one rum drink.  Waitress gave a feeble excuse about there being four different kinds of rum in it as if that justifies the cost.  Food was average.  No reason to go to this place  and then decided to stop by to have the issue addressed. I asked politely at the bar for a manager to the same bartender who tipped himself 100%+ tip and was told he was a manager. I explained the issue and asked for a refund. I was told that he could not fix the issue then and to come back at another time in a manner that was anything but acceptable hospitality and customer service. I then asked for the card or contact information of the General Manager to which I was told that I couldn't have. What?! I immediately left  slow bar-tending...typical NY college town stuff.  We also discovered that we were there the LAST NIGHT they were open.  I guess they've closed and I have no idea what's there now.   That really is unfortunate because we did have a serious amount of fun at a pretty low-key place.  I guess we are getting old.  Thanks for the fun Dixie's  perfectly made fries.  Their Mojitos and Caipirinhas are the very best in town...dinner seemed a bit overpriced  this place is great." "The food is always good.  The service is always spotty from one visit to the next.  Pick your visits well.  When they start cranking the salsa upstairs  check out the dance floor (after a few drinks  night or day. Charlotte needs more places with so much character." AVOID THIS RESTAURANT!!  AVOID AQUAVINA!!"  but restaurant closed on 08 15 2009.  I always wanted to try this place There is a large podium with no cover that smoking is allowed outside."  which came with mashed potatoes and broccoli. The Chicken and mashed potatoes were all yummy and perfect  bit it was after the dinner rush.  Server forgot to ask of I wanted a glass of water.  The salads are good.  Try the Caribbean salad.  First time for me and will definitely order it again. As I was eating "Arrived and waited for 10 minutes before I grabbed a menu and asked an employee if the guests were supposed to seat themselves.. He responded ""You can"" and walked by with out furthering assisting me."  sat at the bar and the bartender was never behind the bar the entire time we had lunch. Never refilled out tea and had to ask for a beer. Then had to flag someone for our check. Restaurant had a horrible cleaned my smell as well. Choose someplace different Worst service I have ever had two visits in a row. Service has always been around a 2 3 out if 5...the last two times I went I'd give then a 1 and only because our food actually came out. Our waiter was awful. Had to track down another server twice for drink refills and our check. Rude employees. Will not be back to that location!  and served with pancetta and spring pea risotto. It melts in your mouth. My friend also enjoyed the Wild Boar - sounds crazy  and found it to be absolutely awful. I've tried other more unique dishes like their Lamb Tagine which is slow cooked from 5am in the morning until served. I expected lots of great flavors and it was simply okay. My friend enjoyed the wild boar very much. My wife was very happy with the salmon. So the place can be great  the jazz trio picked up after 9 and sounded great.  Very nice place."  but I don't feel like it was a 5-star experience.  I guess you could say i just wasn't blown away.  But all the food I ate was great- I have a feeling the fact that someone else in my party was allowed to choose our appetizers and dessert may have dimmed the experience slightly.  I really wanted that trio of custards!"  etc. Yummy. The service was good. Even the manager pitched in to help us. We were a very large party. Probably around 30. They had live music which was really good and the crowd was cool. If I end up in Charlotte again Be sure to save plenty of room for desert as well (Blue's dinner portions can be quite dramatically large) because they whip up some of the fanciest creations you can find in the Charlotte area. And for those of you that don't go for overly sweet temptations there is also a huge fresh berry desert with homemade ice cream  and some jazz.  Or if someone else is picking up the tab."  ""nice"" local places  = lower standards. I tend more to think there were good ideas here not executed to their fullest. 3 stars is all about the food which is ultimately why we pay these prices and go to these places. I think if the ingredients were fresher and the temperatures and spices were watched closer then this could be a 5 star no matter in what city it's located."  but it's only for the quality of some of the food items we tried.  The entrees were 5 stars "Wonderful restaurant and very friendly wait staff.  I made reservations and was seated promptly.  The grilled salmon was made to perfection and the flirtini's were great.  I actually met a quality guy there as well.  ;)  Overall  delishious wild boar and I believe a nice steak or other red meat.  Finished with a yummy Sauturnes (sp??) and cheese plate. Service was top notch." Good but too pricey for what you get. "The atmosphere and the service made my evening with friends so much more pleasant that I will definitely be back. The food was good  so we were glad we returned.  The pricing is a little more than we care to spend on a regular basis  and really not as expensive as I thought it would be." The hostess and servers were very welcoming and friendly throughout the entire experience. The wine and appetizers were great! I didn't stay for dinner The most suprising thing were how many diners were complimenting the food after their meals. Charlotte-- time to raise your standards??"  but my wife's Veal Osso Bucco was too salty and had to be exchanged for the Mushroom Bolognese.  The waiter took care of this very quickly and I was impressed overall.  Good experience!" So push on we did- but not before thinking that this place was OK and might even be better than that on a night where squealing women were not reliving their high school fantasies!" I think there are better fish out in the sea for me than Blue." The waitstaff was friendly- the meal was ok - nothing special considering Charlotte has plenty of great restaurants . Restaurants have a lot to do with relationships- and they killed mine with this one.  Bottom line the food wasn't THAT good to warrant my return..." No complaints and I would definately return. At least until a bad experience. =)"  gnocci was dry and lacked any flavor while broccoli rabe was over salted. Sticky toffee pudding for dessert was too sweet. This was my third and last meal there - three strikes and you are OUT! This CA girl knows better." Maybe if I come back next time I'll have better luck?"  Blue. I'll likely be the girl in the corner hoarding the chocolate martini and two desserts."  delightful flavors.  Service was excellent.  Great wine selections.  Go!"  this would definitely be on our list of special occasion restaurants!" I like Blue ... the food has been great every time i have been there.  It is a tad on the pricey side but the service has been good every time i have gone.  It can sometimes feel a bit pretentious - the hostess maitre'd can at times have an attitude.  Overall this is a very solid restaurant.  If you get a chance to hang out in the bar towards the later hours of the evening you can be treated to some good jazz blues.  The quality of this will vary based on the performer but overall it is pleasant. mussels were good.  service ok.  ambiance seemed dated.  worth a trip  be cautious -- DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR EMAIL." My favorite place in Charlotte."  both times with a large group & we had a private room.  Service was excellent as was the food.  I always recommend this place to anyone visiting Charlotte & they always tell me how much they loved it." Went during Charlotte Restaurant Week.  They accommodated a group of ten." Overall a great place for a cheap happy hour.  We agreed we weren't sure that we would come for the full menu but for 2 beers & 2 appetizers or a martini & 2 appetizers for under $20 w o tip for happy hour it is fantastic."  not steakhouse quality but they put there own spin on it and it has a lot of flavor. Chocolate moose was very tasty too. Would definetly go back." Food is good but management and service is aloof. Katie at the bar was the exception. I went there during the restaurant week. It was way too crowded. But the best calamari I had for a long long time. The food I ordered was not superb. But I'll come back for their appetizers for sure. Great ambiance and love the jazz.  I am just disappointed in Blues lack of response or concern for a loyal customer." Waitress was really nice and attentive. So... definitely come and visit blue  ad the desert was the best part of the evening." I would definitely recommend Blue for a nice dinner or as a cool place to stop in for bevvies and appetizers." Great setting. Big restaurant but great service. Mediterranean. Halibut was killer - in a soup.  Major dipping action.  A gem!  blue. Couldn't have been more pleased with the recommendation I had the prosciutto wrapped scallops for an appetizer.Yummy...Then I had the wild boar entree..Yummy to eat as well.. Service was excellent also." Had the Tenderloin last time and was suitably sated."  it is relaxing; setting a good stage for conversation. Another great date place in my book!"  plus compensation for the 2 hours and 30 minutes of my life that I'll never get back." Many kudos to another server who took care of this rather toasted couple at the end of the evening and made sure we got safely into a cab back to The Blake. She was an angel." Had a meal there on a busy Saturday evening. My fiance and I are vegetarians so on first pass the menu was pretty limited. We asked our server for a recommendation and what he said was they didn't have much but listed what they had. Bad service. We ordered some apps and left - the salad we had was delicious. The hummus white bean etc. platter was okay - nothing special and the flavors needed a lot of enhancement. Probably will not be back. Our waitress gave great recommendations and was totally enthusiastic about the menu.  I love it when people get as excited about food as me. We really enjoyed our experience and would be back in a flash." We did not have reservations and did not have to wait to be seated. While we did have to sit in the corner of the place it was still nice. The wait for our food was not bad at all and I was pleased with the whole experience. I would definitely recommend this to friends and will make sure I go back here again!!"  so 4 stars from me is very good!"  business meeting......just not the place you want to go if your pallet is feeling extremely adventurous!" Make sure you call ahead because it gets very busy and it is worth it! They have great live music and the service was great." "I went here for my birthday and it was a very lovely dinner. There was a jazz band playing which gave the place a good atmosphere. It's classy and a perfect celebration or romantic dinner spot. It is pricey though so plan to spend a pretty penny. My husband and I shared the Flatbread and the Scallops and for dinner i had the Beef Tenderloin and he got the Duo of Wild Boar. The food was fabulous! Juicy and very flavorful. Every dish was presented beautifully and tasted as good as it looked. I was very happy and reallllly full by the end of the night. If you have the money or a special occasion to celebrate do it at Blue  which was not only spectacular in presentation but also in flavor.  It's a hefty portioncooked over cous cous with fruits and veggies - it was so tender is just slid off the bone.  To finish "Highly accommodating for allergies and food preferences. Good service "A group of us went for dinner on Friday night. We drove in and were very pleased with the valet parking. The atmosphere was lovely. The group that arrived before we did was greeted very warmly - they must be regulars. We were treated professionally if not warmly. Our fav appetizers were the lobster crab cake and the scallops. I really liked the wild boar entree. Three of the group had filets that were huge We capped the night by sharing a piece of Chocolate cake and it was delicious.."  even though we had a reservation.  I understand with was Restaurant Week and all "My husband and I went to Blue because we heard it was nice.  Parking and the crowd wasn't bad for Valentine's Day.  We were surprised.  We went for happy hour and appetizers since we weren't very hungry.  The bartender was very nice and helpful.  We ordered drinks and appetizers from their happy hour menu.   So we chose kamikaze's  scallops (which were EXCELLENT)  and striped bass which was good.  They really shine in the dessert area though  the service was outstanding with wonderful recommendations (definitely trust the waitress) Food was really good! The tenderloin ala Blue was so good with their risotto. DO NOT Valet your car though. Took us 45 min to get it back.  when we arrived I was advised it began at 10pm.  I was disappointed we left our location in South Park to get there.  I may give this place one more opportunity to redeem thereselves.  Right now I am not impressed with the customer service." Chef Briggs is a mastermind.  We are lucky to have him in Charlotte." eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ "The food was literally inedible. We had calimari as our app & it was very yummy. We were excited about our entrees based on this course. My husband ordered the shrimp gnocchi dish. It tasted like orange peels-even the shrimp. There was a pesto sauce & orange rinds in the dish  the quality of food and service made it worth every cent!" Still bummed they tried to seat us in plastic chairs in terrible location when I first came here for restaurant week as earlier posted" "The food was decent.  We can in just after midnight and had the late evening meal. The bouncer at the door was great! Ambiance was beautiful so we thought that this would be a nice  place to have a late night snack!  Service was absolutely horrible!! The young woman did not greet us in the most welcoming  manner.  She looked as if she was forced to be there!  She took are drinks orders and we ordered some food.  Never asked us if we wanted another drink nor if are food was good!  She then continued to start cleaning up her bar  tasty and satisfying.  Then Colleen advised the wild Boar.  What a treat!! delicious and came with a risotto that was amazing.  Topped off with a wild blueberry sauce.  Portion was huge and I could not finish it but I wish I could have.  I ended with the molten chocoloate cake with vanilla ice cream.  15 minutes to prepare Colleen had warned me  which almost made me regret the outstanding Chilean Sea Bass on my own plate. Just a short drive away in the heart of Uptown   but tasty nonetheless!  Then the bread arrived- the cranberry wheat is delicious.  My entree was the beef tenderloin.  Very good.  My friend went out of the box with the Wild Boar.  I tasted it- first time that I ever had it...it was interesting- but delicious!  I tried 2 of the martinis off the list- both were well mixed.  If you want a nice night out My wife and I came for an appetizer after a show around 9:30 pm. The ambience with the live music is nice. We sat in the bar area and ordered a pepperoni pizza and arrancini as appetizers. Food was decent but service was pretty shoddy. The small plates they gave us with the silverware literally had crumbs from another meal on it. Hadn't been touched. Smh. "We went to Blue with several friends for Restaurant Week and ordered a couple bottles of wine and the RW menu.  Everyone at the table ordered the Flatbread as an appetizer which was wonderful and flavorful.  I ordered the calamari which was good So what to order... the scallop app is possibly the best in the city eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ  flavorful portions with plenty of creative touches to satisfy the cautious eater and foodie alike. The sticky toffee pudding is what a Heath bar aspires to be. Our waitress was funny  which isn't exactly on the cheap side. We would not want to pay full price for a meal here (simply because it's a bit out of our price range) but it would make for a tempting Restaurant Week visit."  we've enjoyed the experience.  The staff tries hard to accommodate diners in every way.  We were attending a show uptown on a Friday evening and came in for a last-minute dinner with no reservation.  Not only did the staff manage to fit us in my only complaint this time around was my ""extra dirty"" martini was not really dirty at all. but they did me a solid and sent out a cup of olive juice so i could make it as dirty as i pleased. :) can't wait to go back again!"  I had a dish that consisted of two different cuts of wild boar in a currant and wine sauce. It was incredible. nom nom nom." Wonderful!  The service and food were spot on.  Try the scallops appetizer and save room for dessert.  the duo of wild boar and I can only hope that it's still on the menu when we visit next."  but my beef tenderloin ala blue was the clear winner of the night. I want to go back again just writing this review! My date tried the Pork Milanese with Heirloom Tomatoes  but a bit too chatty and played up the food preparations a little too much.  Not impressed.  Sorry we picked it after reading rave reviews online.  Wouldn't go back."  and dining for special celebrations but after this experience I'm not sure when I'll be back. I love the scallop appetizer and have not found it's equal so I will be back eventauly because I can't resist their temptation but it will be a while as I'm soured on Blue right now. I don't know that I'll recommend my guests here any more. Sorry  desert was amazing! I had the Strawberry Bavarois and Moroccan Orange Cake - a creamy Bavarian cream with macerated strawberries and rich orange cake and it was to die for.  The cake was moist and delicious and overall the entire thing was full of flavor. I was tempted to order another."  so can't really speak on that aspect of the restaurant. I WILL BE BACK TO TRY THE FOOD AND RESTAURANT PIECE OF BLUE  I will say we were all wearing dresses preparing to go out for the night but I did feel a bit out of place  and how its rank among the best in the country.   I'm more interested in the quality of the food than with all the glossy adjectives when describing the menu and service.  The bottom line is that I felt I donated $100 just to say ""I been there"" for food that was average." "Was the only place open late close to our hotel...the waitress was slow but it seemed she was the waitress I was impressed by everything and I will definitely be back to enjoy dinner here again." This would be a 5 star review except we both felt like Blue was overly pricey for what the food was. Although both dishes were amazing as was the appetizer  just seemed swamped. 15 min for our first drink acknowledgement from bar. Not a friendly welcome with the hostess stand at all eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ  and the table next to us was letting their 2 or 3 year old (who was fussy because of the late hour) run around the restaurant to ""blow off steam"" while we were eating... come on "We went to Blue for restaurant week and expected great things. We love downtown and this is one of the only restaurants we haven't visited. First I want to say that customer service was fantastic. We had a great waiter who took his time and never rushed us. He gave us wonderful ideas and we would visit again for this alone. However; we were disappointed in the meal itself. For the price you pay we were expecting some bold flavors. I got the chicken expecting it to be seasoned wonderfully. I didn't finish my meal because it was bland. Presentation was beautiful  but not overly so.  Good wine and drink list.  I had the scallops as an entre both times.  Delicious!  Tried a variety of the appetizers.  All excellent!  Definitely a top choice in Charlotte."  we go out several times a week and haven't been totally blown away with any Charlotte dinners until this weekend- 2 2 nights out this weekend were solid- and I'm glad my friend recommended Blue to us. For the food  which pretty much no one can mess that up and also a blueberry port that was outstanding! We went well over our budget and be aware that a party of 6 is already charged gratuity. You can eat here for around $35 per person if you want to but you can quickly start adding things up with drinks and other add ons. The wait staff was very helpful and the live music was good when they were playing Delicious dinner of scallops and trout. The appetizer of calamari was fabulous and the service at the bar with Tommi as our server was perfect. Awaiting music. Then last we had the jumbo diver scallops.  Again-2 for 12.95.  And they were just okay.  2 stars.   Lemondrop martini was great!  And serivce was a little slow for an empty bar.   something tells me there is better seafood out there in Charlotte."  the risotto balls were very bland and gummy.  The only good thing was the Lemon Drop Martini.  We should have eaten more at BlackFinn The best service ever!!! Warm inviting atmosphere... The music was great and the lobster crab cakes were spectacular!!! A great place to have dinner.  Definitely will be back again!  but I don't think Blue fits that bill. I strongly believe that it can greatly improve the Uptown restaurant scene if it pushes the envelope in its food and drink selection."  but the server talked me out of a couple of things I considered getting.  Made me think whomever was doing the cooking that night...A Saturday was not good at certain things.  Extremely overpriced.  Btw...coffee was $6.50.  C'mon now!  Good but not that much!  Sorry "We had to rush in and rush out. So we got what we wanted. Great service  restaurant that let us in without reservations on a Thursday night. The expensive food was good with an even distribution between fish and meat to choose from. We started with a combination of diver scallops and calamari that they quickly put together for us. Two of us had the grouper served on crepes stuffed with crab meat. A little fussy for my tastes but the fish was done just right. The filets that the other two folks at the table had looked good as well. The setting was lovely and the jazz combo that was playing in the bar set just the right tone. I'll have to say that our waiter was one of the best I have ever encountered. No bullshit just a cordial Mother's Dy Brunch- 3 adults and 1 child - 180.00 - only drinks were 2 waters and 2 teas-  gratuity was included in bill - so service was barely passable.  Food was okay - but not worth the price charged.  However - the crepes were awesome - the saving grace.  The entertainment was good and the atmosphere fine.  Probably would NOT go back.  Don't see a good value.  Do not recommend.  and it was a good experience every time. The food is great and so is the service."  it is overpriced and not worth your money."  kinda bland. Then he picked the hanger steak since most everyone at the table got the swordfish. It was cooked rare in he middle which I normally love. I love a good steak. This was not a good steak. Very tough and minimal flavor. Veg casserole was good. The dessert was okay. Had the lemon and blueberry thing. The cookie was TERRIBLE! Like a unflavored overlooked piece of cornbread. What were they thinking. Even our weighted laughed and said yeah it's more for decoration than taste. It was gross.  Don't think I will be back. Disappointed in my queens feast choice. Wish I could go back and choose again. I'm a foodie and disappointed."  tip included.  $30 each plus 2 iced teas ($6.98) and tip came to just under $90.  At least I felt like I got my one's worth with the valet at $5 for a tip  the decor is predictable (although they do have a nice set of high tables) and the lighting is a bit weird. It is a good place to have a good conversation though - just be warned  Blue really doesn't hold a candle to their service or atmosphere. What a bummer to spend that much money and be that underwhelmed." eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ  amazing! We had our rehearsal dinner here and everything was perfect beyond words. Ashley did and incredible job making us feel so welcome and special. The cocktail and dinner menus were customized with our photos. The food was delicious and the wines with paired with dinner were just right. I have the   mushroom bolognese  we wouldn't go back unless some good friends really wanted to go there." Service was great and waiter was very attentive." I'll come back for the tie-breaking Yelp Rating's match in the near future!" You might love this place but I had such a poor experience and follow-up."  food was okay. I've worked in the service industry and was really disappointed about how the night started. Being forgotten about twice made me question if we were being 'profiled' and that's really shitty."  do yourself a favor and get the wild boar duo."  I should have put this on Yelp immediately instead of two and half years hence." "I do not know if it is a ""I"" or ""Y"" but Kerri was the best of the  best when it came to our service and selection.  I have come to the point in my dining experiences to let my host server make my selections.  You did great!!! Then she escorted use through the Towers to Epicenter... Will most definitely be back!!" "Amazing entrees and even better service. I went for dinner with 5 other friends and we ordered lots of different dishes and ate more family style and it was PERFECT. We all ate very well  omelette.  There were very few vegetables to order with it.  We couldn't tell which omelette was which because we couldn't see the bacon or sausage. I think I got the wrong one because even once in a while I tasted a bite of bacon. We laughed instead of cry when we left because we basically paid close to 100 dollars for omelettes and crepes with tiny deserts when the day before we had an excellent breakfast at another Resturant for about 27.00.  We sure wish we had gone somewhere else. Music was good when they played.  Service was good but kept trying to convince us how good the food was when at best it was mediocre.  I don't think we will come here any time again too soon.  It's a shame. I have fond memories of coming here before after Broadway shows but I don't think we will go anytime again real soon."  and had a couple mixed drinks each. What completely turned us off about this place was the bad attitude of the bar staff. They acted like they hated being there and were doing us a service just to wait on us. Needless to say we won't be back Look forward to stopping back by next time we're in Charlotte."  service was on point. Will definitely be going back" Dessert was THEE Highlight of the dinner as my neighbor talked me into Blue because she resides in Europe for years and LOVE Sticky Toffee pudding and saw that Blue was offering it for dessert. I decided to order he cheesecake in which I sent back because it was soooo DRY. I broke down and orders the pudding and OOOOOHHHH MY OOHHH MY it was PERFECT and the only thing memorable about the dinner and the only thing I would go back for." Dessert was THEE Highlight of the dinner as my neighbor talked me into Blue because she resides in Europe for years and LOVE Sticky Toffee pudding and saw that Blue was offering it for dessert. I decided to order he cheesecake in which I sent back because it was soooo DRY. I broke down and orders the pudding and OOOOOHHHH MY OOHHH MY it was PERFECT and the only thing memorable about the dinner and the only thing I would go back for."  so the place was packed but with room to move about and not be smothered. Enjoyed my dinner and the music as well." eaqJQP6bp7rQJQt5KqfvxQ "This place was great. Bueatiful restaurant with great service and unbelievable food. The appitizers were great we had one of the cheese dishes that was amazing. The crab cakes were delicious.  Entries were al great  and one star for the the mature crowd and jazzy music played by Buff Dillard.  But they easily lose two stars for the overpriced drinks.  I understand that higher drink prices keep the riff raff away The jazz band started promptly at 9 was was great background music to our lingering conversation.  This place will be a must visit on out next trip to Charlotte!" "Very nice restaurant. Came for the jazz and wasn't disappointed. Arrived late so we couldn't sit at the bar but nevertheless the music was very authentic. I recommend arriving on time for the show and you won't be disappointed. Also I was disappointed tonight because we had been here for our anniversary in July and had a wonderful evening....."  and the server admitted many complaints on this score. With everything ala carte  but not all it's hyped up to be. I've gone to Blue several times over the years. It is pricy & has a reputation for being very good. I find it to be fine  we had a very pleasant experience overall. If you're looking for a good meal uptown for restaurant week  so we didn't take the music into consideration for our review).  Some of our dishes were very mediocre Had a wonderful meal here on 1 292016. We shared the Foie Gras was exquisite. My girlfriend had the pork osso bucco and I had the scallops and short ribs. Both meals were wonderful. This was our 2nd visit and both have been some of the best meals we have ever had. I put this restaurant up there with the best NYC restaurants. I've been to places like Daniel and Le Bernardin in NYC and this ranks right up with them.  the sticky toffee pudding was to die for. We will not seek this place out but wouldn't mind coming back for dessert Mediocre food. Pretentious and overpriced. Bar area can be fun when they have live jazz. Good chocolate martini. My husband and I went for dinner and it was amazing! I had the beef tenderloin which was the best filet I have ever had and he had the wild boar which was so tender and juicy! Definitely want to go back soon!!  I promise you can find a better restaurant in Charlotte."  and he was very good. The calamari was excellent as an appetizer. The people I was with got the wild boar entree. They seemed to love it. I got the flavor of the Mediterranean for my entree. To be honest is was only ok. I love Mediterranean food Parking: valet or parking garage"  and the kitchen knows the value of salt and pepper. Read: food and drinks are bomb. The atmosphere is warm and inviting while still exuding a bit of elegance. It's great for happy hour - you can get a flatbreads  we loved finishing off our dinner with cappuccinos and their sticky toffee pudding. The perfect combination of salty and sweet. This is a highly recommended spot in a city full of so many different options. Our server was also attentive "One of my first times to Charlotte. The valet driver at the Hyatt recommended this restaurant. We checked it out online. The ambience was quite nice. Service is good but not great. However Ambiance was great... service was a little more intrusive than I prefer. If you are going for an intimate dinner be prepared to have your conversation interrupted several times. Calamari and flat bread were delicious... flavor texture and temp were spot on... grilled Bison rib eye was good but overpriced. Scallops look fantastic but were raw. Ricotta ravioli were good.... had the scallops been cooked it would have been perfect. Overall... meh. "Love Blue - my favorite restaurant downtown. Went for a special occasion - a small retirement party. The bread and butter is great   but the food was not great.  We were a large party with several vegetarians. All thought the food was rather tasteless. I had a fish with couscous and the flavoring was bland and didn't compliment well.  There are better restaurants to frequent."  everything was packed with amazing flavor. Candace recommend the most perfect wine for our evening. Dessert was on the house since it was his birthday. She came to the table and lite a candle for him  there is usually a good to great jazz band playing live. Blue could be great but it's not." "In my opinion the Visualite has the best shows in Charlotte.  This place isn't large but they consistenly book solid acts.  The inside is dark with a large wooden bar and there is tons of seating considering it is such a small space- there is open space in front of the stage for dancing Be sure to check out ""The Noises 10"" here. A great local band that seems to place here 6-8 times a year." I always meant to go back but it never happened." "If I could see a show at the Visulite Theater every time I come to Charlotte I would. I'm not sure how long the theater has been around - but I grew up here in Charlotte and never knew about it until about two years ago  you can hardly see anything.  Otherwise it's a cozy little theater and the bartenders are only slow because of the size of the crowd.  They definitely work hard."  I was a guest of a Spinal Tap tribute band (awesome!!!  I did the make-up for them) performing there recently  for a local music rag  and almost feels like you have stepped into a time warp....like some sort of dimly lit lounge from the '50's.  The first place I ever saw a concert in Charlotte and I was hooked.  The prices are standard bar  but that's the price you have to pay to see live music in Charlotte."  one you wouldn't think possible in the city of Charlotte. So get there early & remember to bring your cash for the Blue Cups!" I've also been impressed with the service at the bar each time I've gone. I guess I just expect to wait forever for a drink  which is always a plus.  I hate going to really mainstream venues where the security and bartenders just blankly stare at the guests.  These guys are nodding along to the tunes and thoroughly feeling the grooves.  Someone told me that this place used to be a porn studio back in the 70's Definitely  a fun place to party. That much is obvious." i would definitely like to see another show here."  it's really comfortable and the band is always in good view. The club is managed well and typically has a good show listing. Bartenders could be better eNIDbboNe7W_rAnNHoveEA I saw a Colour Academy and Public Radio concert at Visulite. It is a sweet spot with a tables and chairs option or a pit in front of the stage to stand or dance in. Wide selection of beers and other drinks for a decent price. My only complaint at Visulite was the smoke. I'm not a smoker myself and I hate leaving places smelling like stale cigarettes. I've been going to the Visulite since it opened.  It's my favorite live music venue in Charlotte.  So many great bands have hit this stage.  Most of the staff have worked here since the beginning.  Great atmosphere.  Many wonderful memories! eFxX1tSNLmVkAP9kNv2--Q Great place to see a band.  Just wish it was closer to my side of town.  so much so that the artist requested that people stop talking.  I couldn't hear the music due to all the people noise Definitely prefer Double Door and Neighborhood Theater to hear music...."  and we were able to watch a couple bands without having to stand on our tip-toes and press against the crowd.  All in all  but it seems like they have several drafts and lots of bottles that include microbrews. One thing I tend to take for granted but which I must commend - there are so many stalls in the women's bathroom that I've never had to wait in a line no matter how crowded the venue... a rarity at live shows! Back to the music - there are always a good variety of artists bands playing the Visulite during a given month I have been to many shows here - thanks to the Visualite for getting this small place right!"  cheap tickets to see great live music. All around a cool venue and a great time. I can't wait to go back!" What I love most is you can sit or stand and see the entire stage even being short like myself.  The drinks are priced right and the service is friendly." It's a win- win for all!" I have seen quite a few great shows here and I would say it's an all around fun time "I was at the Visulite Saturday night and it was a terrible experience. I bought tickets online 2 days prior to the show. It was listed as a headliner and that the doors opened at 8pm with 2 opening acts. We got there right on time and were denied entrance. Jam Base had listed it as one show and when I bought tickets on the Visulite website it was for 1 show. We were aggressively all told that we would have to pay for the first person on stage or we would have to come back later. What? Then we were told I have been to the Visualite many times. The venue is small with a nice setup for those that want to stand up close and for others who want to relax at the high top tables.  They have a pretty decent beer selection. The stage looks almost dreamy with a painted design framing the artist. Even though the venue is small the stage has enough room for a decent size band.  the layout of the place is why I like it so much.  The sound is great too.  You can't have a great music venue without great acoustics!  I always look forward to a show here."  but there are always some good shows to be seen throughout the months. Cheers!"  with a chill crowd and atmosphere that make this more than a worthy venue for any live show or concert." "Great small venue! I went here to see Holy Ghost Tent Revival and Brave Baby awhile back. This was my first trip to the Visulite and I loved it. The setup of the stage is unique. There is seating several feet back from the stage on an incline then a space right in front of the stage below the seating If you're going to see one of your favorite bands get there early. They have great seating at each level so you can sit comfortably about 30 feet from the stage if you're there early."  get there early!  There are several high top tables around the place that have great views of the stage but they are obviously first come first serve.  When those doors open and the people start flooding in  and it had the right amount of liquor... If another fave artist of mine comes there to perform This venue is one of my favorite places in Charlotte.  We've seen some awesome bands come through there through the years and look forward to many more! "Such an under appreciated venue in Charlotte. I would rather see a show here than that crap pavilion in University any day- what's its name now??? I have seen several shoes here over the years and it's a great place to get a drink  parking is easy & FREE. The acoustics are fantastic! I have been to 6-7 shows in the last 4-5 months there and I am never disappointed. The ONLY complaint I have is this: the bar tab closeout takes waaaay too long. The bartenders hand write your tab? They have to get a more modernized tab computer set up. Also  don't change a thing." Cool venue.  If you love live music then this place is for you.  Strange bands but cool seating if you arrive early. "I really like The Visulite. It's larger than I expected it to be from the outside but it still had an intimate feel to it. Went to see Brave Baby play here last winter and they put on a great show - check 'em out if they're playing near you. The acoustics in here are fantastic I fully believe that whatever you might find less than optimal about the people or the place "Favorite Charlotte musical venue! They give the option to have a high top table or standing room. They have a huge bar and live music has always sounded great here. I have been to shows for Brett Dennen Only good thing was Delta Rae."  but great for sitting and listening to some interesting bands. The sounds quality is better than I expected. Beer prices were a little high for the size of plastic cup you received. Overall we had a great night." Great Jazz and they even let people stand in.  Some high schooler was amazing on the harmonica.  As a big Slim Harpo fan I was very impressed.  The scene wasn't smoky at all.  Very nice although the crowd was small.  and Double Door Inn are a dying breed. It is your duty as a live music supporter to exercise your right to enjoy this craft in a setting that is up close and personal  it is hard to deny that you can't have a great time with Charlotte music. Decent beer selection and regular visits from the legendary Bill Hanna (at least legendary for Double Door Inn visitors) solidify the Inn as a location for musical bliss any night of the week." "My dad was a bouncer here in the 70's and my first visit was with the old man. I couldn't imagine any better venue in Charlotte. They even had a live band on Christmas night the last time I was in town. Can't say enough  so coming here often is a pre-requisite for us.  This venue has been around forever and you can really tell....it's oozing with history from the pictures on the walls to the original bar.  There is always something going on at the Double Door When I lived in Charlotte I was at the Double Door every Monday night for the Monday Night All-Star Band.  I have found love at the Double Door and I have found some of the best live performances I've ever seen.  To this day I tell anyone who is going to be in Charlotte to check it out.  From bikers to yuppies everyone fit's in.  The only way you can't fit in there is to just decide you're not going to.  Cold beer in cans and bottles.  Liquor.  Incredible music.  Dancing.  Mingling with the opposite sex.  Awesome bartenders.  History.  It's all there. Pretty much the spot for local blues.  Diverse music line-up so you may want to check the website.  Clapton played there!  the Production Manager Sound Engineer at the Double Door Inn.  Just happened across our venue here on Yelp! and was extremely honored to see so many people saying such nice things about our room!  Thanks so much to all of you for coming out and enjoying live music with us.  Its something we LOVE and we're lucky to be able to share it with you!  As Sabrina mentioned in her review  especially on a Monday night. Great music. NC's oldest Blue's Club. GO ON MONDAY NIGHT!" MZBF4LqZrT5yefELVbUhfg "No better place to listen to live music in Charlotte than the DDI...a historic and very intimate venue recognized as the ""Oldest Live Music Venue East of the Mississippi"" and holds the title ""Oldest Blues Club In The U.S. Under Original Ownership"".  Legendary performers like Eric Clapton Great place to go for both local and national acts. Everytime I've been it was a great experience. This building breeds history and I was proud to experience it my last night in Charlotte." "Nick's got a good thing going here.  DD's live music history is second to none in this part of the country.  Great lunch place "Only been here a couple of times but enjoyed it each time.  The only reason I'm not giving it more stars is due to the parking.  Unless something has changed since I was last there Come out and support live music!  Stop by the Double Door and give a band you've never heard of a chance." Q76FbDBBw4Mm3RZ34cpZfg We are lucky to have this venue in Charlotte. Every time I walk through the door. Amazing live music. Thank you Double D & Bill for gving the up and coming musicians an opportunity." "There is only ONE spot to go on a Monday night in Charlotte for live music!  It does not get better than the Double Door Inn!  There is a cover but it is worth it!  The bluesy music Due to the kinda sketchy area & the parking situation  great drinks specials and very casual.  They also have a pool table and old school pinball machine. They have a patio as well  I swear it was hotter than bikram yoga.  The smoking area outback is too small to be classified as a patio.  And fyi- if you value your hearing I recommend keeping a pair of earplugs in your back pocket.  All in all I look forward seeing more awesome shows at this historic southern gem."  and the shows will not disappoint!"  I'll probably come back for a good band but all 3 times it exceeded my expectations.love this place.a piece of history too.they have been around for quite a while :).the purple school bus-i think was one of the groups i heard-i loved them !!!!!!!" I really loved the atmosphere of this place. It reminded me of one of my favorite bars in Chicago so it really felt like home. The bartender was a great guy who was friendly and kept the drinks coming. I saw a few fun bands while I was there and the sound was great. Anyone looking for a friendly environment with good service and great sound should definately check this place out.  fun venue to catch a show." A great honor to perform on the same stage with some notable artists like Eric Clapton I never think of this place as having food but I have ordered a sandwich there before.  I am not sure if they still do that.  I do not normally see people eating there.  The sandwich was not bad but I would probably go for something else before I got there if I had the choice." My virgin experience at Double Door was good enough so that I would def return.  Don't go to Double Door expecting some sort of top-shelf Suffice is to say that I love this spot. Probably wouldn't come in to enjoy a Miller High Life on the regular  be sure to spend some quality time scoping out the wall decor. There's a lot of history and humor hung up there. There are tvs around the bar to keep you up to date on sports and news. In the back is a patio and a gameroom with a few arcade pinball games and a pool table. The key part of this intimate setting is that as soon as a band takes the small stage The drinks are well priced and they have specials on the regular. But I have to say the most disappointing thing is the cover charge. It's pretty high for Tuesday night and I wonder if it changes depending on who's playing. So I imagine if the casual atmosphere costs $12 plus whatever I want to drink  but they had some really good songs and were talented musicians. We spent about 4 hours there and it was a really fun time. Next time I visit  we had to purchase more tickets at the door. The band was great and we had good time anyway. Guess the best advice The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars- it is inconsistent with their band bookings. Sometimes it is really good and other times it is ""meh"". They definitely don't seem to pick up on traveling indy bands (they seem to go to other venues in Charlotte instead)" What a superb venue for a blues band or a rock show. Skinny building with Billiiards table in the back and a PacMan game. Bar with not fairly priced beers won't break the bank. We saw Steepwater and Heywire both excellent Blues bands. Catch them when they are back.  cheep drinks and great joke joint vibe!  Loved seeing Tony Joe White here!!!  I can't wait to go back sometime." The Double Door Inn is a great place to see live music. It's located essentially on CPCC's campus which gives it a much safer feel than some of the other venues in Charlotte. Came to see Hamilton Loomis play here on 2 different occasions. The parking lot is small but we found a parking space with relative ease. The sound in this place can be hit or miss but I'm willing to overlook that. The staff was friendly but they all seemed rather bored. The chairs are wood which can make for discomfort by the band's third set but that's my only real complaint here. Great bartenders. Cheap beer. Pool and foosball. This is a place where you'll see folks of all ages Great local place. Don't come here hungry though! No kitchen!" Parking lot is small and on the side of the bar. Get there early! There is extra parking across the street." "Just heard that this place is closing in a couple of months.   That's a damn shame.   I just moved to Charlotte last year and got to experience this place last  night.   It's great!   There's lots of history here  then interrupt the music with another show.  That's a buzz kill for me.  Since I'm not there for the other reason (not that there's anything wrong with that) I probably won't be going back to check out the dance floor again unless the grapevine sends an alert that they've cranked up a regular Friday or Saturday thing.  But I'm keeping my eye on these guys because if they did get ""dance serious"" during weekend prime time it would be hopping mad."  but I really enjoy myself at Scorpio when we go. When we first moved here we read some bad things about it but we decided to check it out anyway to make our own opinion. On Wednesdays and Fridays This is SUCH a fun bar and it is huge!!  The music is fantastic and there is so much room to dance.  There is also an outdoor area and a separate salsa bar.  Fridays is all you can drink beer for an $8 cover.  They do have drag shows (not sure of the days) and they are pretty fun to watch.  I think this place is a blast for straight and gay people! pretty cool club right by where i live staff could be nicer though  and they have lots of cool drag shows that are pretty awesome to watch. There is a fair mix of people on most days. It is extremely ghetto on Saturday though  free draft beer on Wednesday. Other specials are normally only 3 bucks which is good in my book!  I read on another review that the drinks were weak but like every bar if you tip them well your bartender will treat your right.  If your looking for something fun to do with no frills and no pretentious people this is the place."  i dont know who is the dj now but i know there will always be some good music to dance my a** off to. :) been going here for years and will probably go for many many more. proud this is one of the oldest gay clubs in nc! :) go scorpio!"  many hours out of my way to see performers elsewhere before I ever gave this place another dime or a minute of my time. PS - I still love you  all-the-time packed with hot gorgeous people. Cover is $10 and free well draft beer is included on Wednesdays and Fridays. Sundays is another great crowded night. Music is always great as a mix between Dance House and Top-40 Hip-Hop.  AVOID Saturday nights if you don't want to get shot or stabbed!! Overall a great place  and the crowd loves dancing & drinking! I'd say its perfect for the 18-30 age group!" Sundays used to be all you can drink vodka for 10 dollar cover... After paying our cover they let us know that beginning this week vodka drinks are 2 dollars... Why would anyone come on Sunday if they're pouring 2 dollar glasses of cranberry juice? Would give it 0 stars if I could. Getto place with workers that don't give a damn about customer service! Never will go here or recommend to anyone that they waste any money on this place! hmmm the guy that work up front hates his life but the club pretty fun if you have nothing better to do  no diversity. Apparently this place has been around forever though which is pretty cool.. not sure if its gay owned or operated now but when it first opened in 1974 it wasn't. Music was pretty good. I'd go back again and try another night.. was a bit disappointed by lack of diversity  segregation in crowd.. I'm a Yankee so my experience was a bit backwards like stepping back in time. I know people that go more often and have fun COkT6HcVRY8Ur2nRTYY5wg And they have a really hot bartender... Did I mention that already?"  and worthy of praise from a new customer local Charlotte born gay male. Indeed this club bar is worth the time and the money spent for quality and quantity. Plus Fun place. Only go on Sunday's for free vodka and show. Not too packed. Stays open later than 2 am. Only one floor open Sunday's Don't waste your time music out of date. Drinks are watered down this is Memorial day weekend and this club is boring as hell very outdated horrific Dj ...... and they charged 10.00 to get in the front entrance smelled of urine  Charlotte is a very big city this is a shame. ... "Being the adventurous gays that check out most any available gay bar we decided to check out the Woodshed.  This is Charlotte's Levi  Leather Butch Daddy-Bear bar and tame compared to the stigma.  And with North Carolina's laws about bars and memberships  and for cheap eats to soak up all the alcohol Miguel's on Business Center Drive right down the street is serving the best cheapo Mexican food in Charlotte. One of the two gay bars in North Carolina worth bothering to visit in my opinion."  easy to get to...next to the freeway & airport. Staff is super friendly  it's sort of the CBGB of Charlotte if you will.  The original graffitti on the walls dates back to the 70s (look for stuff written by bands like the dead kennedy's) and is the only thing used to decorate.  This place is a really small concrete hole  etc. all over the place.. giving it a personal touch.  The stage is pretty small and the venue is obviously very aged.  The sound was pretty good  which makes it the best place to catch some hardcore rock!  There are Playboy magazines scattered around the bar and obscenities and tagging all over the walls.  It is pretty intimate so don't come here unless you want to sweat and if you like this type of music that really shouldn't be a problem.  The place has been around for decades and it is really like the CBGB's of Charlotte." Warning: There is a makeshift ATM-like machine at the bar. My friend had trouble with the machine and it's a bit sketchy It doesn't get any better than this. My heart overfloweth. Make sure you bring cash unless you care to deal with their less than comforting ATM behind the bar set up." J7XRfg3ScS5K7UyM5Te-ng  but it's lovely.  There is always something to be said for a divey music bar (every town should have one) I will warn you that the ATM looks like it was created my Macgyver (you punch your card # into a phone and get cash from the doorguy) so come with greenbacks."  I've never gotten sick from a place but the amount of ciggarette smoke is so excessive that I need to take the next two days to mourn the clothing I may have lost Walls are covered with historical and new graffiti and stickers which is great to gawk at. I wish they'd work on their sound though... pretty horrible J7XRfg3ScS5K7UyM5Te-ng I enjoyed 3 hours of ear-splitting punk rock with a much younger and infinitely cooler clientele of the Milestone.  Fortunately I came with a hipster friend who lent me some cool points. Most of the bands were not signed and some were clearly novices If you are looking for a punk show in Charlotte this or the Snug are your best bet." Don't get me wrong folks. If you go there with good friends to hear a good band you'll have a fun time. It's just that now that I'm 41 years old I'm a bit less tolerant of subpar facilities than I used to be  be awesome and park in the mud and make it a story! Cheers to the Milestone and many years to come of kicking some serious rock ass!" I don't know about nirvana but I'm pretty sure I saw black flag their it looked like a small house the stage was just a raised board so called punks slam danced one dressed like a doctor afterwards the band just walked off the stage and drank with the crowd.  and I already mentioned great music. Go to the Milestone." "" Coyote Joe's is really a good time if you go with a big group. Don't worry if you don't love country music 76lSMjkrbLxTWeylGZvjhw I've been to Coyote Joe's a couple of times. The place is massive with a wonderful dance floor and great instructors that teach a variety of line dances...something for both beginners and seasoned dancers. The place is spacious enough that they can really pump out the live music without it feeling like your ears are bleeding. Ill definitely be going back the next time Im in the area!"  but this stretch of Wilkinson is a little sketchy...I think people know better to mess with a bunch of good ole' boys who are in all likelihood strapped.  Oh  and the cash only. I was wearing heels and my feet were sore by 11! There isn't a ton of carpet throughout and no empty seats around. I do have to admit The band members truly love their jobs and they show it. Thank them for your good time  one of the bars is up on the mezzanine. On the busy nights they bring out a few portable bars with just beer. The drink prices are also extremely reasonable. A domestic beer is around $2.50. I do not know any other concert venues that sell beer at a low price like that. On nights where there is no national act  this place gets very hot as the crowds pile in.....I mean they were passing out fans and towels for goodness sake.......now I'm not sure if that is a problem with the cooling system or what but for a natural chic with a blowout these are unacceptable conditions and conditions my hair cannot withstand for an extended period of time.......definitely not a good look." Coyote Joe's is a big country bar and by big I mean huge. Large dance floor. Multiple bars and more cornhole than you can shake a stick at. It's not really my scene but it's quite cheap so yay!" I really wish they'd drop the door fee because I think more people would come regularly. But So if you're down to drink beer out of cans and listen to some great country music... this is your place. MAKE SURE TO BRING CASH. They do not accept credit cards and you don't want to pay the ATM fees. Check the calendar often to keep up with who's coming to town. Randy Houser rocked an acoustic show last night. It has me even more fired up for the summer country concert season." We went here for am Aaron Lewis concert cheap beer and drinks but it gets stupid crowded it may have been the Concert mostly likely. But if you go to a concert spring for the VIP seating areas its worth it other wise you have to deal with standing room only. If Aaron Lewis played there again or someone else I liked I would go but again I would pay for the VIP seating areas.  the guys came back and pushed in front of us.  Next thing you know the guy got in a fight with all the other people around him.  It was a huge brawl and it took a good long time for any bouncers to arrive.  I felt very unsafe this whole time and it was because of the lack of awareness and or the lack of care that the bouncers had for the well being of the patrons.  Will probably not be going back and will definitely not recommend going to any of my friends."  and great scenery! Only downfall is credit cards are not accepted. That's the only reason for the lower rating. Be sure to bring cash with you!" "I usually go on Wednesdays for the line dancing. It's obvious the owners don't put on the air conditioning because within minutes the place feels like a furnace. Drink specials are usually pretty good The main reason I love this bar is because you can actually sit down if you want to and there are several bathrooms so you don't have to wait an hour in a line to use the bathroom. I love going to the line dance lessons.  bathrooms are reachable. There's always someone to fix the pool table if something goes wrong. And the food truck outside is quite delectable." "So much fun! The only down side is THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH at the bar so come prepared  but paying that much for so little was a huge disappointment especially after seeing very high marks for this place on citysearch."  and college-age groups enjoying hookah in the pillow clad booths of the tea area.  Some nights feature a belly dancer and middle eastern music.  It fits in well with the decorated interior that's covered in arches an paintings (some on animal skins).  Service has been great 2 3 visits  though drier than the overly syrupy version" The Food was very delicious and it was a nice and calm place with great hookahs Definitely a must try in Charlotte!"  but the hookah was overpriced. The decor was unusual and everything could have used a good cleaning and a coat of paint. I won't be back to Kabob House."  and then they pull some tables together and the entire staff sits down for dinner in the front of the restaurant. We waited another 20-25 minutes for our waitress to come back and ask if we were finished or wanted dessert. The answer was a resounding no." This place was garbage for hookah.  They didn't even change the water and there was ash inside the hose.  Definitely avoid like the plague if you want to keep your lungs free of fungus.  but I would recommend lowering prices. People in Charlotte expect more if you are charging them that amount.  Please don't have your waitress tell me what other people eat there when you have no customers."  but there are plenty of couches chairs in the back. The DJ was good given what he had to work with and he got people dancing. So all of that does not equal 3 stars. What does jump it up to 3 starts is the food. The kabobs were amazing melt in your mouth. They were out of chicken so we got steak and definitely good food. The hummus was good as well. Overall due to location I probably wouldn't come back unless someone really wanted to go And the box for the food is 5$."  they require you to wear an embarrassing bright pink shirt and there is a thirty dollar cover.  Don't go blowing your money on girls There was a dancer I met here a couple of months ago who blew my mind with her private dance.  Unfortunately she has left the club from what I understand but I would have proposed to that girl in a second.  LOL." I've been to a few strip clubs and this one is ugh... okay I guess. The girls are really friendly though but are average looking and average dancers. One of the girls played pool with me for an hour or two and talked lol. It is cheap though which is always a plus. I believe $25 for a private dance and $10 for a table dance. My friend and I went there to watch the Heighsman and my friends dude won (Jameis Winston) and he celebrated by getting us a private dance lol. I'd say if you wanna have a fun night bring $55 a person. Also its free before 9 p.m. to get in I think! A very ratchet place with a very ratchet staff. After charging me 1$ for a cup a water it ruined my night but for the most part it's a good club This was my first time in a strip joint. Not the best place. The girls here are pretty average to low average. The two dancers I did see where not all that great looking. The bartenders appeared to be better looking then the two dancers. I'd rather get a lap dance from the bartenders. I've never been a big drinker; over priced beer and soda. Loud as hell and had a hard time hearing and talking to my friend and the wait staff. After about 10-20 minutes we left. The lady's I see on the street that went clubbing are way better and livelier then the boring staff here. This place really isn't worth the time or money. Just go out clubbing to see more and get more. One final personal note: if you come here and order Bud Light (or some other equivalent) you're wasting space and need to be eradicated." The food is also pretty good.  They have a few german dishes that pair well with the beer options and also a few other typical bar food items.  The drink specials are enough to keep you coming back as well...along with the activities on different nights (trivia tuesday night  and more obscure ones.  Very friendly place and everyone is more than willing to offer suggestions as to which beers to try.  Plus plenty of deal nights and specials to keep you from going broke.  There are also lots of fun gimmicky deal and theme nights which just makes for a fun time if you want to participate." I do give a huge nod to the beer selection and for that one reason I am likely to go back."  you'd be better off sampling their fare than wading into this Applebees of a bar. Great beer selection; decent service; atmosphere feels like they tried to cram the entire British Isles into a space next to Kinkos." Didn't try the food so I can't comment on that." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA  however it is a great place for people who are willing to try something new and expand their beer horizons.  Be cautious when experimenting because they do carry some very expensive brews.  The service is ussually great and one of the most difficult things to do is to avoid the cook-out drive thru after a fun night of some tasty bevs  salads on top of the regular bar cuisine. My coworkers and I head out there every Tuesday for half-priced lunches and we're usually back on Friday nights to kick off the weekend. The saucer raises the bar on the ""cute girls and beer"" business model and usually attracts a very outgoing   easy-to-socialize with crowd."  6 13) and the bartender was kind of an a-hole.  I think it was because I'm not a ""local"" as he was pretty condescending when I asked about the local beers.  I'll probably go back "It's fairly obvious when you see an endless line of platters on the wall highlighting those who have had 200 or more different beers... the place is popular and its regulars are very much so.  This place is about beer "Five stars for being exactly what it sets out to be: a beer lover's ultimate experience! I am now on a quest to drink 200 different beers from all around the world to get my name on a platter. The burger was good  but I guess thats not what its all about.  Pool tables in back Good place to hit up if you have never been." You can't say you've toured the University area without a stop at The Saucer. Experience that ""certain something"" it has on the competition and let me know what you think!" The strip mall is a dreadful location- but that is to be expected in University Area. The outdoor area is ok."  great bartenders. What more can I say? Perfect for someone wanting to enjoy a beer with good friends. Monday night is the night for great specials but I prefer to go the other nights of the week when The Saucer is a bit quieter. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is has nothing good to say about Charlotte night life best beer selection in Charlotte. Great staff and on Wednesdays you get to keep the pint glass.  come here for the beer and the energy and you'll enjoy every minute!" I only wish I lived closer so I could visit more often..."  so keep that in mind; also around lunch time during the weekend often people bring their babies (They bring a BABY to a BAR!) which is annoying if you like to say the F word or talk about your hot hole." They have free wi fi-you know if you want to take your computer to a bar and get your wi fi on. Even though I wasn't completely sold on their food or service  but not packed and our service was great - even with a waitress in training tagging along!  The beer selection was amazing and they had some great specials ( I was able to partake in a pumpkin beer for the first time for just 4 bucks  :) )   I had an order of nachos and this was the one disappointment of the evening...the sauces they came with were great  they will get to know you and you will be treated like family."  or drool over dopplebock The Flying Saucer has many an option for you  and good service. Most of the waitstaff is knowledgeable about the beer selections they offer  I'm going to discuss with my Beer Goddess which brew is next on my list!"  this is worth checking out if you are serious about beer." The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is great for a group of friends having a few beers.  If you are looking for a great selection of beer We came with a group for a little unofficial Yelp event on trivia night and we won first place...no big deal." "Tuesday night trivia is so much fun here!  You should probably sit the near the front...the sound in the back is not so good.  The winners get a $50 gift certificate to the restaurant.  They can be quite communist about smart phone users  and a huge outdoor patio.  My last visit was a Wednesday night around 6pm.  There wasn't an empty seat in the house but It worked out well for me because I kicked my date's ass in darts!  I've never really had dinner here but I've had the pretzel and it was really yummy!  I would definitely be a regular here if it was closer to my home." As for Trivia - they run a tight ship and it's a blast! The MC is really good and calls out all potential cheaters. Love it! I'll be back again soon when I'm in the University Area." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA I am still working towards my name being emblazoned on the wall... (75 beers in).  I like the fact that I started my UFO club membership in Raleigh and will probably finish it here in Charlotte." Not really even sure how you can bad mouth the place....its beer heaven If you join the UFO club you receive opportunities for coupons F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA  except for the Sheboygan side-by-side with the hot German potato salad.  It's the closest thing to Wisconsin you can get in Charlotte."  but i'm sure its the same great friendly atmosphere  I don't drink beer.  So that's not a draw for me.  But I do eat food and I have friends who drink beer.  So I came here for dinner and comradery and was pleasantly not severely disappointed.  Most bar food is wretched and disgusting with little selection and bad service.  But here the food was almost decent in quality and quite tasty with a wide selection and above mediocre service.  It's actually OK.  I wouldn't come here just for dinner  & hippy hollow all likewise!  Wish they were in my neck of the woods.  Taco Mac would be out of biz!!" Love the selection and chocolate stout! Great service and knowledgeable staff. Went on a Tuesday had half off lunch. My one complaint?  Too far from home."  I would definately go back. The atmosphere and the extensive draft list are alluring The only thing I would improve is the building itself.  It should be 3x the size and maybe have an upstairs that is like a huge wraparound balcony so you can see and be part of all the action below."  and outstanding service (even on a busy night.)  We only went for a snack and a few beers Love this bar and the idea. Tons of beer and interesting people. The girls that work there really know their beer and usually make excellent recommendations. It can be a bit loud if it's busy so sometimes talking can be a challenge. The backroom is usually better in those situations. They've also renovated the back room so "I always come here after playing a round of Par 3 golf next door.  How can you go wrong with hundreds of beers I. Love. Flying. Saucer. By far my favorite place in Charlotte to grab a beer. It's even better now that smoking is longer allowed inside.  this place can be REALLY loud inside.  Like uncomfortably loud Not a huge fan of the servers in mini skirts but I have a feeling that may be a gender related bias :)" large selection of draft and specials on pricing.  Quality staff. Love it!  Huge beer selection and great bar food.  Raunchy Trivia and warm soft pretzels.  Plus lots of attractive bar maids! "Great place to hangout for a while and catch a game. I always sit at the bar. Lots and lots of beer to choose from and if you have any questions about any of the beer someone will always be there to help you out. Very friendly staff and service is awesome. Food is great! Tasty and not greasy which is a nice change from typical bar food. This place has definitely opened the ""beer door"" for me. I've been trying lots of different beers that I don't think i would ever have done if not for discovering this place!" "Great place and enough beer there to please anyone. You have to join the beer club and try to drink around the world. I am in the process of this now and I am having a lot of fun doing it! The food is ok but when you do go there you MUST get the pretzels the dipping sauce is great. You can either dip it in Cheese sauce or spicy mustard. I tell you  and pint night for $3 on Monday." Great food and great brew! Definitely will be back.  so I go there a lot for their unveiling parties.  It's a nice open environment and they have a great selection of brews.  The giant pretzel is the way to go.  So fluffy and lovely :)" I definitely recommend this place if you are a beer fanatic.  You won't be disappointed." I had the Hummingbird H20 and it was yummy.  I then tried the Snakebite which wasn't as yummy but it wasn't terrible.  Our server was great and really knowledgeable about all of the drinks (the Snakebite wasn't her recommendation for me but I was being adventurous).  Which is quite impressive since there are hundreds to choose from.    Greatest part was that the drinks were cheap.  Only $5 a piece for my tall glasses of brew.  Definitely a great place to chill with good people and kick back a few.  There's also a full menu.  Always best to drink on a full stomach just something I learned over the years :-)" This is the premier establishment to grab a craft or import beer north of Uptown. Can be overrun with UNCC students and other beer fanatics. Sometimes difficult to find a table for large parties. Absolutely love this joint and always stop in for a quick brew if in the area! Cheers!" I'm also (literally) offended that the Flying Saucer charges 99 for their iPhone and Android apps... but that is neither here nor there." "Pretzels are sooo good. Beware the mustard has horseradish and your nose will work WAY Better. Great pizza but Damn  this place is definitely a place to hang out and just conversate (you'll notice a ton of college students during the school year as UNCC is not even 5 minutes away). Hours will fly by especially if you're curious on what type of beer is good and what isn't. The only problem here I find is that it is a little pricey  and start working your plate!" Great place for beer and mingling. The food is fair.  in which they have ""Damn Near All"" for $3.00 a pint.  The girls dress nice (for a guy like myself - Hey! I enjoy the atmosphere).  They usually wear some type of kilted dress and that gives the place some bonus points in my opinion.  The food here is pretty stellar too for a bar joint.  Bratwurst and the girls wear super short plaid skirts (if you're into that sort of thing) :)" The beer selection is amazing...definitely a place to check out if you are a beer person...all types of beer from all around the world...and I can't forget the food is pretty good too!  but get there early as seats tend to fill fast and customers spend all day in their booths." Aswesome beer selection. I love coming here. You won't find a lot of pampas jerks in this bar like other places in the university which make for a pretty nice time for the non-fratty crowd young and older alike. Try the standard Monday night Pint Night or Trivia through out the week. You will not be let down." Pretty good food here and the beer selection is of the chain.  if you want to enjoy a good meal and a good beer plan to do it earlier in the day." "Tons of beer...lost a star for  it was on the table in a minute or two.  Had the Sheboygan Side-by-Side with fries instead of potato salad.  The fries were a little cold  as are the rocket tots.  I am never disappointed when I leave  5.99 on weekdays for a specific sandwich plate each day.  The club is my favorite lunch special."  but very fun :-) Oh and they allow dogs on the patio so we bring ours every once in a while."  this place has tons of it and while I really wanted to take a run for getting my own plate on the wall  the men are always in for the treat of eye candy. They're friendly in here to say the least. Watch for weekly deals such as cheaply priced pints and local brews. Also the food ain't all that bad." Everyone else liked their sandwiches tho so we will probably be back except I for sure wont get that again." Music - one live man guy playing the guitar was cool. Played various music of 90s  and video games. They frequently air DirecTV sports games. There is both indoor and outdoor seating." I like the beer selection and love the Colorado beer connection since I have roots from there. However the food side needs a little work. More pizza selections and sizes wouldn't hurt would they? Appetizers aren't bad in general. Overall it's a decent place to go for a chain joint.  to the point that it's hard to hear any conversation at all.  Not sure how that could be remedied  but a bit on the slower side. We placed our order for food and while I ordered a side salad in place of fries with my burger--- and it didn't arrive that way---it was quickly corrected! We had these Rocket Tots as an appetizer and the jalapeo sour cream they serve them with is perfect!!!  Really enjoyed those spicy tots! :). My burger was great Only thing downside about Flying Saucer is all the tables and booths are very close together. With it being busy last night  but this visit just completely soured me on the place.  They really have nothing here I can't get somewhere I like better." Good food and drinks before going to a concert at the verizon wireless amphitheatre up the street. ~Cheers  that is just pretty lame. Not to mention who doesn't inventory when they initially receive items??"  the beer is cold and the waitresses add to the fun." "Slow service. Horribly under staffed. Waited a while to get my order taken  the wait staff was great. I got to the restaurant about 20 minutes before the rest of my party. The waitress Lauren was more than happy to chat for a couple of minutes while I waited." Best beer selection in the area. Wait staff is so friendly and knowledgeable.  Heck the waitresses know more about beer than I do! That's saying something. The brat con queso  is a an awesome appetizer.  and playing darts. It was great! Service was spot on as well"  atmosphere and of course the beers..."  it's super hard to find.  It's kind of tucked in a corner and you don't see it really until you are right in front of it.  They had a great beer selection and a lot of the beers I had never even heard of.  I liked how they had them grouped on the menu.  The brats I had were good but the service sucked.  It took forever for my cousin and I to get waited on and the waitress didn't seem that friendly.  I'd probably give it another chance because I liked the beer selection." Monday has really good specials for draft beers. And seasonal rotations offer great new selections."  but you can find so many delicious beers. I don't turn it down when someone wants to go. I recommend the bratwurst plate I feel like sometimes the saucer is over rated but maybe that's because sometimes I just want a Miller Lite  friendly service. Good place to go for a relaxing and fun atmosphere Really had fun. The food is great and the staff are really nice and attentive. The selection of beer is just crazy large and staff is fairly knowledgable about the beer and can even make great recommendations.  and it's always clean. Can't get much better than that."  and beer knowledgeable. The food is good but not great. Had the Hippie Burger which was supposed to have a jalapeno pesto. The burger was good but there was no taste of jalapeno at all which is what I was hoping for. The group I was with shared the pretzels (incredible spicy mustard) and the rocket tots. The pretzels were good but the tots were nothing to rave about. The next time I went had the beer and cheese soup and shared a pizza Loved this place...... world's best beer is served here.. service is very good....  but I don't think I've ever had a bad experience. It's a pretty reliable a good time." Great set of Drafts available. Great atmosphere for drinking. Its usually crowded on weekdays and weekends are worst.  4 tables in the whole place.  Very Disappointed after reading the other reviews."  they're some of the best in town." F-e-sWfVd3eCYll3BP1QFA "Awesome waitress.  Awesome concept.  Awesome beer.  Awesome appetizers.  Pretty good food.  Not AMAZING Certainly worth a trip if you're in the area."  when it was not crowded. No offer to comp food and no apology. Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone!" "Not a great selection of beer for a place called a ""Draught Emporium"".  Also the food was less than mediocre and they were out both chicken tenders and pizza when we were there.  There are a lot of much better places to get craft beer and bar food in Charlotte."  I don't think you can find a place that has more beer on tap.  The food has always been good.  I love getting the rocket tots.  Overall the service is good.  If you're a beer person you need to go to this place.  You'll enjoy yourself." Bailey and Erika are amazing! They are so attentive and so personable! They both let us know all of the awesome specials throughout the week. I will definitely keep coming back. And their UFO club is awesome! Gives me a reason to sample all of the beer types and try something new everytime I come. Hands down best bar in Charlotte. Dinged them for a star as the food choices don't have many vegetarian options."  very impressive draught beer selection with lots of excellent local beers. Waitresses were outstanding. Our regular stop to and from Raleigh."  a good stop before a fun show." Throughout October they are doing different decades... so brush up before you go!"  and I really like this one too. The waitress was exceptionally helpful and friendly. I was impressed by the variety of pumpkin beer they had and the crepes were as good as in Austin. This saucer gets extra win points because a guy celebrating his plate party was in a giant bear costume and I got to be a part of that."  nothing to write home about in the food department but they make up for it in the extensive drink selection.  Great group room in the back that is quiet enough to facilitate large groups that can actually hear each other." "Great atmosphere and awesome beer selections. Wait staff was friendly. Food was mediocre unfortunately. The burgers came out well done. Waitress never even asked us how we wanted them cooked. This makes me believe the burger were previously frozen. The German potato salad had a big pool of oil at the bottom of the cup. Yes the German potato salad is made with oil  I had to ask about the particular manager from my last encounter and found out she was no longer with them. Added bonus!" Overall this place is awesome."  I definitely don't recommend their shepherd's pie.  Portion was small Always a great place to hangout with friends! Many of my college memories are associated with this place. Great atmosphere. Great servers(and beautiful as well ).  and this place is like heaven!  Sign up for their UFO club and not only get a tshirt and their incentives  then the flying saucer is the right spot. If you are looking for dinner and drinks You have a better selection to choose from :) great atmosphere."  and for the amazing pretzels. The Flying Saucer has amazing hot soft pretzels! The bar is usually pretty busy "I really like the Flying Saucer... It's something about the eclectic college hang out spot feel that would keep me coming back... That and their enormous beer selection! I only been here twice and the food is spot on.... Their burgers are definitely some of the best that I had in Charlotte... The bacon wrapped jalapeos are great Amazing selection of beer. Little pricey Great selection of beer and never a letdown. Any time that I have gotten food here it is pretty standard bar food - burger and fries kind of stuff. My favorite is the pretzel appetizer! So for me Ive been here on several occasions and overall its safe to say that ive had a great experience everytime.  The staff is attentive and is always readily available to refill your glass. They have an amazing beer selection that could suit to pretty much anyones taste. I havent explored the food menu to deeply but the pretzels are great as well as the cheese fries. Ill definitely be back. Our experience here has always been great!! Most of the wait staff is exceptional but Ashleigh Parella is the stuff!! We won't sit anywhere else but for her to take care of us!! Also Chris is an awesome manager!! Love all around!! Beers are off the chain and food is above bar food standards "They have tons and tons of beer options available and revolving specials.  Once you hit a certain amount of beers you get a plate with your name added to the wall or ceiling.  I am not quite sure as to how many it takes but it will take quite a few trips.  Their soft pretzels and cheese are awesome!  The pretzels are tender i've had this several. the staff seems to be a bit distracted most of the time which makes it hard to get an order in but the beer is endless and good and the girls are smokin hot. Pet friendly outside. The food isnt so bad. Also cool promos and glasses.  very good. Good times with great folks." Great beer selection and the staff is very friendly! I had the pretzel and it was fresh and so tasty. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other food selections and beers. 07 09. Trying it again...hot beer and an 86.5 food score I'll pass on the food and next time on flying saucer as well. It's a shame I have to leave a whole star" Room is like an old pub with the exception of the several hundred Saucers on the Walls and Ceiling from those who have come before and have been sucessful"  excellent beers and great food. The only thing I don't like here is the waiters are always changing and most of them can't do their job properly because they are either new or maybe it's because they don't write down their orders. Service is awful here. But it's still the best burger in town." I'm not a beer drinker which might be horrifying to some that I even go here... But I'm addicted to the pretzels and for the first time the other night I tried actual food -Hippie burger was surprisingly delicious! Had no idea it wasn't a meat patty it's so flavorful and filling! (Newly vegetarian going on 3months and have had a lot of disappointing vegetarian and vegan options elsewhere) this burger was a pleasant surprise "Tremendous selection of beers.  Fun atmosphere. Had the double brats with german potato salad.  The brats were excellent and the potato salad was the best I've ever had "Their beer selection is amazing...Waitresses are not always so great! Paige is really good through! She is super fast and never leaves you with an empty cup! Overall it is an amazing little place. I have never seen so many options for draft beers! If you go try the Rocket Tots We have been coming here for several years and have never been disappointed with the food or service. Lauren's Goat Cheese salad is perfection. I hope to explore more of their local beer selections as they seemed to rep quite a few NC brews."  which I guess they want.  They have many beer selections.  The soft pretzels are pretty good.  I would definitely go back for a casual night out. The service has always been decent.  Nothing special or different about it."  and this place has wonderful selections!!! Don't forget to wash that tasty beverage down with some bratwursts and pretzels!!!"  ect.  The atmosphere is awesome and you will not be disappointed.  They try and have different events at least once a month which is nice if you are a regular it keeps things interesting.  The staff is very kind and always knows exactly what my wife wants to eat and drink.  The one thing I am disappointed in is their ""health score"" and I hope they bring it up." They also hold events there throughout the year celebrating numerous things  but the manager took our beers off the bill!  We are hoping a location will open up in Greensboro!"  you are greeted by plates all on the ceiling. These are no ordinary plates! These plates hold the names of all that have accomplished tasting just about every beer that has been on tap (they say 200 is when you get you saucer on the ceiling). They have craft beers that are to die for.....rare beers you won't find at very many places. I'll be back tomorrow for the 3.50 pints. Looking forward to it. I may have to get my membership so I can eventually get myself a saucer on the ceiling......CHEERS!" We will not visit this location again."  but if the pretzels are the same as in Raleigh.. They are life changing with the queso and mustard! The mustard is spicy and a game changer." First time I used the app to find somewhere near that was good since we didn't know the area!"  I suggest you land and perform some maintenance before taking off on another flight." My boyfriend and I stopped by to kill some time when we were driving from DE to SC. The draft list was impressive - I was very much a fan. Great place to grab a quick drink if you want to try something different! Great place to go if you like beer. The food is really good too especially the stuffed jalapeos. The waitress was extremely nice and offered free tasting of any of the beers we were interested in. "I enjoy both locations in Raleigh and Charlotte but I will agree with the others that the Raleigh one has the better vibe. I like the dark mood lighting in the Charlotte location but the TVs are set too high so you have to crane your neck to see them if you sit at the bar. Nice selection though  sometimes the less said the better it is"  although we might choose to sit outside if the weather permits." If you want to skip the chain restaurants and don't mind girls in short skirts check it out." Not bad for a few drinks and some OK food. Service wasnt bad though. 3 stars just because the burger I had was average.  very blah. I guess it's there for when you've drank too many beers. Great selection and menu though. Wouldn't be my first choice as a place for dinner Great place for beer lovers the best selection I have seen.  The plate for 200 beers cool concept. The staff is nice and know their beers.  Good service and fair prices.  The food is only ok. The ambience is fun. Overall  a great place to drink. This place is awesome!! There's one in Raleigh too. Dog friendly outside with lots of craft beers to choose from. Loaded rocket tots are yummy!!!  I do not believe you can find a location that's more beer on tap. The food has always been great. I adore getting the rocket tots. Overall the service is great. If you are a beer man you should go to this area. You will love yourself."  and are more than happy to give you a sample pouring if you ask them. The food is good. There's some solid appetizer options like the large pretzels or the bacon wrapped jalapeos; it is a little pricey though. For the most part  and this place always leaves me quenched and drunk which is what I love. Sunday and Monday nights are hopping because of the $3.50 pint specials. The wait staff is friendly and the bar tenders are extremely nice. Many people who go here have a plate on the ceiling. The taps change daily and very fast which keeps things exciting every time I come back here. I would bring my own 65 year old father here who hasn't drank since his wedding day to drink wonderfully crafted draft beer here. WWCKD ? Also I love this place and it might love me back." Great food and atmosphere. The service we received was excellent and the food was very tasty. The Flying Saucer's beer selection is out of this world. How they also have such good food is completely alien to me. But don't have too many IPA's and nachos or Uranus will go supernova and turn into an all-enveloping black hole.  I have been a fan of Flying Saucer for awhile. This is the first time we have been at this location and it was a perfect stop in our travels. We sat at the bar and the bartender was extremely friendly. Of course their beer list is extensive and has something for just about any beer lover. I like that they categorize their beers by styles. I hate searching and searching for a beer to try in an unorganized list. I ended up getting a sour and it was the perfect treat for the summertime heat! The bartender was also very gracious in allowing us to taste several beers we had never heard of and we chatted a bit about our favorites. My husband got the bahn mi for dinner and he said the pork was very dry "Stopped in before a show at PNC Music Pavilion for an indoor tailgate. Beer selection is outstanding - some craft beer joints go for quality and not quantity. Others focus a little too much on local brews. This place has the perfect combo of both. Well thought variety from around the world. And who would have thought the food was good "I can't believe no one has reviewed this place! Given its location in the middle of a residential area  sports page. Let's go. Meet you at 4:30." I would recommend it to friends. Relaxed atmosphere and affordable!" I have been here many times over the years and everyone is friendly and the food is always tasty. The ribeye steak sandwich is my favorite. "Sports Page is a West side classic. I have been eating there for many years. Way back when they were still in the original location at 16 and Hoskins. Anyway  she ignored me...acted like i wasnt even there...i just laid the receipt on the table with the cash and left. what a crappy restaurant...the food was mediocre at best... my boyfriends burger looked good but wasnt that great...by the way... and if i wanted to complain to a manager or something i figured there was no point...i just let it go and will never be darkening their doorstep ever again..."  but I've not been there for either of those on any occasion I've been.  They have some very affordable options Sports Page used to be a fun spot & I've been going for nearly 10 years. I just recently moved to the area but used to travel to Charlotte to meet with friends & we would always meet there. The last 3 times I've went is was drastically worse. The bartender ignored us (each time)...It seemed like a bar where only locals are welcome. The food has gone downhill as well. I couldn't even finish the nachos...mostly because I had no drink to wash it down. They still have potential but I doubt I'll be returning.  and if you want to watch a game with your buds I'd say the bar would be a solid choice also." "I went to this location as part of a large party during the Highland Games nearby.  Things started well as we went through ordering.  It was the food.  Both the delivery and quality.  One thing at a time.  The delivery was tragic.  There were three in our party that waited for nearly 90 minutes.  Yes.  90 minutes.  The only story was that they were working on it.  Finally the manager came out yi6OvInwsGZ6CO0ToFGOHw  and just a great place to stop for lunch. Don't expect gourmet but instead expect a good bang for the buck place to stop for lunch. I have yet to have a bad item off the menu and make an effort to order something different every time. The steak sandwich is awesome !"  not too many other options in the area if this is what you are looking for."  efficient staff.  I know it's a sports bar but they have a great southern vegetables lineup on the menu.  I especially like their tacos and wings.  Kids eat free on Monday's and Tuesday's."  with our server walking by just enough to make sure we didn't need anything."  and macaroni and cheese. The fish was ok but the mac and cheese was warm on top and cold in the center. The chicken & rice soup was pretty bland. A friend of mine had a Philly cheesesteak that used GROUND BEEF. This place may be a great venue for watching sports and drinking beer  balls are shiny and nick free.  Plenty of TVs to keep up with NFL Sunday games.  Food is a bit over priced and nothing to write home about.  Service is good  a great hangout place.. especially when everything else closes at 9." PS their chicken fingers were really tender and juicy tho.... O_O"  but it's a nice spot to watch a special sports event or share a few drinks as there isn't a plethora of bar options in the Ballantyne area. I'm giving it 3 stars because I wasn't wowed or found myself clamoring to come back." "Take the kids in the day for free pool. The waitstaff is always friendly and attentive.  The food is pricey for bar food "Fun place to hangout Sunday night. Pool Bailey's is a great place to hangout and play some pool and have some great pub food.  beer and food. Nice combo!" This is a sorority ran facility. I was uncomfortable the majority of the time I was there. Lots of pool tables is nice. The clientele is all male and I'm not surprised with the staff they have. I will not go back to this Baileys Fox and the Hound. "After playing the ""I don't know what I want for dinner what do you want"" game with my friends we decided to visit Bailey's Sports Grille. We were excited that we could get some good food and play some pool "I usually hit this place on Mondays for their lunch special.  The burger and fries are some of the best I've ever had but the wait is what kills it.  I've never been in there and gotten my food in less than 45 minutes  but this is just the worst ever." If your young and live in the Ballantyne Pineville area this is a great spot! I reccomend Sunday Funday (a collaboration of karaoke beer pong pool darts and great drink specials).  The staff is why I come back! (Jillian Melissa Lindsay  Colleen and many more) The staff is friendly and personable.  It's honestly the Cheers bar of Charlotte. Super laid back and safe! "Absolutely the worst bar I've been to . After about 5 drinks I realized they purposely made their drinks extremely weak. I spent so much money and barely got tipsy. I told the bartender I was disappointed with my drinks and she literally screamed at me as I walked out of the door ( I still left her a good tip!) I will never ever go there again. Trashy I like the good experiences I have had at Baileys.  If they could fix and maintain the restroom and improve wait staff service they'd have a consistent 4 Star place on their hands."  I just wasn't in the mood. As I was leaving the staff was kind enough to insult me with saying what kind of a person was I that I couldn't afford the membership. Well with attitude like that I won't ever consider spending my money here again. If the owners let the staff get away with this level of service then I suspect everything else is being neglected. I suggest you visit another bar before considering this place. There's plenty other spots with a lot friendlier staff in Charlotte." Will not be returning."  I saw the manager on my way back to the front of the restaurant. I stopped and asked her if she was the manager. She was in the process of asking the cook to make her food stating. ""You know I'm a good person ill pay you back."" Also at this point the employee who had left is now standing there and so is the bartender. I asked to speak with her and ask her if this was normal practice for your bartender to say to a guest who has never been to the establishment before (or even someone that knew the employee) has to pay for an employees drink who walked out on there tab. After I said that I had never visited the establishment before the bartender who is standing to the side says ""YES YOU HAVE"" and I again told her that I had not at which point she has thrown her arms in the air and storms away. At that same time the cook who the manager was just bribing sticks his head out of a service window and says (he also sounded intoxicated) ""I've heard him being very disrespectful the entire time"". Now don't get me wrong I was not very pleased that we were forced to stay there while the bartender withheld my friends credit card There's plenty of tv's if you're there for a sporting event and pool tables and dart boards in the back. They've got plenty of parking and daily drink specials so if all that sounds good to you then this is definitely the place to be!" "WEAK drinks. Emphasis on the ""WEAK."" And rude staff. Will not return. Their bitchy bartenders even yelled at my friend as we were walking out because he had told them the drinks were weak. Really? No class at this place." Our waitress was working with our table and lots of separate tabs but when she would bring someone a drink she wouldn't think to ask if anyone needed anything. She did a great job other than that because we sat at a table  Bailey's recently underwent a change of management due to the former one getting transferred. Things sure went downhill after that! They are simply trying WAY too hard to lure in customers now. DJs  but the entire 3 hours I was there no one came in to fix it. On occasions separate from that incident it was still pretty grody." "Always a fun time! Fox show every game Tuesday's and Wednesday are good along with Friday. Pub food at its best. Drink specials every day. If your in Pineville well yu should make it your stop on the way home."  amazing drinks and u can't go wrong with free pool if you spend $15 or more. Service was attentive will come back in the future." "Bailey's is now Fox and Hound. Don't expect much of a change. The bathrooms are still disgusting. The interior was updated and looks a little cleaner but it's nothing special. The drinks are so weak it's appalling.  Here's why I am really unimpressed... came here on a Friday night for a friend's birthday.  Arrived slightly before 10pm. It wasn't overly crowded Best place in Pineville. Great food drinks with daily specials. The bartenders and servers are the best. Luv it here. "This is now a fox and hound but really just a name change everything else is the same. It was empty in there but service was still a little slow. I got the naked tenders and a side salad. My girlfriend got a burger and fries. After a lengthy wait our food came out and mine was all wrong. The gave me fried tenders and fries oops! I said no fries and naked tenders means grilled. Back they go and after another lengthy wait I get the tenders with more fries no biggie. My side salad had a half frozen tomato and the Italian dressing looked like a giant snot ball(yummy) the tenders were ok and the buffalo sauce tasted great but very spicy. My girlfriend said the burger was just ok and the Parmesan fries not very good. When getting the check of course it was wrong luckily I have multiple methods of payment but this server just lacked tact or sensitivity."  there are two rooms in the back of the restaurant that can be joined or separated depending on the size of your party."  I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value."  I had lunch here at least three times a month.  The food and service has always been steady.  I always left feeling as though I received good value" The service is superb. They're very attentive. I've become such a regular customer that they know  me by name. That makes me feel extra special. I've never experienced that at any other restaurant that I ever frequent on a regular basis."  and service. I think this is the best Chinese restaurant in the Charlotte area. The best egg drop soup I've ever had." Make sure (if ordering take out) to ask for some of the ""homemade mustard sauce"" to put on your spring roll or egg roll  but only if you aren't familiar with real  my granddaughters love to watch the brightly colored fish in the large salt water tanks. Very friendly service. Groups can reserve the large rooms in the back  but nothing to write home about. I will try a spicy dish next time." "I've been going to this place for the past 15 years and it's definitely gone downhill recently. I used to rave about the food and service to all my friends We have not been able to find good Chinese in North Florida. We would be so happy if we could get Chinese food the caliber of Great Wall!" Step out of your comfort zone.  That's how you'll get to experience the authentic.  Junk like sweet and sour chicken is not authentic.  Have fun!"  the experience is always good. One thing you must do is spend some time looking at their salt water fish tanks. These tanks are incredible and worth visiting the restaurant just to enjoy them."  nor when I told them I did not care for it and no offer to comp it!  It would NOT have helped me rate the dine any higher though.  I would eat here again if Charlotte did not offer any better Restaurant choices!"  i didn't diss the restaurant due to that experience. Went back a few weeks later. Christmas Day actually. Twas earlier in the day so it wasn't super busy yet. The table beside us was already noticeably frustrated with service and wait for their food when we arrived(they eventually ended up almost walking out). Good sign right  don't come here expecting to find them. Panda's Den in north Charlotte puts this place to shame." My family has enjoyed eating here since 1986 when we moved to Charlotte. The kids now request to eat there when they come home to visit. We love it...great cold noodles and dumplings!  It gets a 5 Yelp rating from me! BE CAREFUL about drinking and driving.  CMPD and even Pineville patrol the area on a regular basis.  Better to get a cab than put yourself in that situation." I went to Great Wall for lunch since I was spending some time at Carmel Commons on patrol for my company. I hadn't eaten there in a very long time. I believe the last time I was there was at a Wednesday night supper with the Queen City Corvette Club. As I remembered it then the food was good but the service was iffy. Well fast forward to September 2012. The food is still good. I had a daily special called Twice Spiced Scallops that was rather good. Their sweet tea tasted better than say sweet tea from Cracker Barrel. I was seated next to the large aquarium. The only thing that wrecked the ambiance was the small child screaming at the top of her lungs about lobsters and the clueless parent who thought that the youngsters screaming was akin to angels singing. I would have ejected both of them. I ordered the beef and broccoli and that was pretty good. Would I come here again? Not quite sure because I don't live in the quail hollow area. Just know that I wouldn't come out of my way to get here." Everything was good enough to make me want to return and try something else!"  not only is the food good but the place is clean. The portions are LARGE GW is a nice place for a date or even a romantic occasion.  You will get plenty to eat "I have been going to Great Wall since 1983. It has always been great and it's the restaurant by which I judge all other Chinese restaurants. It is consistent Egg roll - Above average" Also they serve these fried wonton strips with 2 sauces as soon as you sit down Another great family dinner with the in-laws."  perhaps for some staff). One of the best local Chinese restaurants and I recommend you give it a try."  but we like to tip what we want.  Unfortunately our server got less than what we would haven given." There's a Chinese menu in addition to the regular menu  quick and attentive service. Shrimp in chili sauce is one of our favorite but the spiciness varies each time. Flower chicken is good if you like more on the bland side. Pork fried rice is consistently good just wish they could add spouts. Overall this is a fine restaurant" While leaving the owner was standing and never even said thanks for coming. We will not go to this restaurent again nor will recommend to our friends." The aquarium was nice and we enjoyed it for a few minutes on the way out. I had eaten here before and it was much better in the past. So they Great Wall is not so great. Maybe just have some soup for lunch. Sad to say I won't take friends here again."  I always get the same dishes. I will say that their weekend buffet is nowhere as good as their regular entrees  the flavors and how its prepared is definitely better than some in the area; this place is worth another visit."  i would recommend the crispy shrimp and crispy scallops. For the price you get good quality Chinese food and not to mention If you are looking for a Chinese food ""fix"" this is the place. I am tired of the little dingy take-out joints that are  in every strip mall. This place is an escape to a more sophisticated era of Chinese restaurants in Charlotte. I also tried the lunch buffet and it was excellent. Enjoy." I also had the hot & sour soup - very good. Some places have a weird version of it - but not here.  Worth a try.  Yum." Overall everything was good & servers seem to be all around to assist with anything. I am just not a buffet person  until after a white woman entered. She was waited on before us and no apology was given. Never have experienced anything like this before! Will not be going back to give them any of my money!" "I've been going to The Great wall of China South for quite a while. The owner Alex and the staff always accommodate to your liking. I am a pescatarian so I don't know how their meats are however I can tell you about a few of their dishes. My all time favorite dish is one of their specialties the ""Crispy Scallops"". The portion size is very generous & the scallops are sweet. This does not come with any vegetables. I recommend ordering the mixed vegetables with brown sauce. I always tell them to make the sauce spicy :) For appetizers the ""Steamed Veggie Dumplings"" are amazing with a sweet soy sauce. The ""Crab Rangoon"" is okay. The ""Spring Rolls"" are greasy but good. Make sure to have extra napkins. Also I've tried the ""Sa Cha Scallops"" during lunch and definitely a yummy dish! Although I like it very spicy. The restaurant is always clean and they have stayed consistent on everything for many years. Love this place!! Always keeps me coming back" Excellent buffet! Food is very fresh and hot. They are very busy and attentive to the customers needs. They are constantly replenishing the buffet because the food is so good and it gets eaten fast! Enjoy!  all by themselves.  A great choice for a night out or with the family."  the food was terrible.  The crispy shrimp was soggy and the egg rolls had a horrible taste and smell.  I was told by the lady at the front desk they were homemade but that was incorrect.  I have had fresh "The BEST Chinese in charlotte. My boyfriend and I are regulars there. The food is amazing and the fish tanks are beautiful. If you are a vegetarian like myself they have plenty of option. I get the mixed veggies in brown sauce "Absolutely horrible experience. We were seated and drink order was taken by that person. Few mins later drinks were dropped off by a different person who said waitress would be over to take our order. Then 10 mins later someone came over and asked us if we wanted appetizers which we did and ordered Crab Rangoons and Spare Ribs. This person said someone would be back to take our order. Never happened. The apps came out and the guy said again someone would come take our order. So we ate our apps and still no one. No one even acknowledged us  around 9:45pm we stayed at the table to chat.. Being cautious that the restaurant hours printed on the door said they close at 11pm.. A waitress came to us at 10pm and said that they were closing and they needed us to pay now... O_o  So we got up to pay and leave and the cashier man ( looked like the manager ) was so cold.. He never asked how the food was or anything "Great Wall of China is a nice place. The food and service is consistently good. There is outdoor seating and there are large aquariums inside with some cool fish. It's not expensive  I will never have them again. The General Chicken is ok. I found this place to be average and expensive. The best time to go is on Sunday This is by far the best american style Chinese food you will find in Charlotte. You will pay a bit more but its well worth it because of the taste. They also have non American Chinese food but its off the menu and you just need to ask. I get this great noodle soup with veggies and chicken and its great. Taste like right from hong Kong  and service were all good so no complaints there. The food however was not. I ordered the general chicken with brown rice and an egg roll. The chicken was all slimy dark meat and the flavor was nothing like general sauce but rather 100% strong garlic. I wasn't able to even eat hardly any of it because of the brown slimy meat. My husband ordered the garlic beef and he did not like the sauce at all. It had zero garlic taste Our rehersal dinner served good food and service.  The mongolian beef was served with a rice bun (like bow) which was tasty.  The beef was a bit tough but flavor was good.  The steamed whole fish with scallions and soy sauce was very good. I plan to return to check out their lunch specials. Since 1985 Great wall has focused on quality and great food. I live about 30 min away now and still come here to eat. Passing at least 10 other Chinese restaurants.  their ""special"" shrimp dish and pork fried rice.  The soup was served and that was the last we saw of our waiter for 45 minutes.  People who arrived well after us were served and left.  When finally the entree arrived it was relatively without taste.  Once we'd finished I have ordered carry out food from here a number of times and am always impressed. I typically get a shrimp or chicken dish Not the best in Charlotte but certainly a nice change if your looking for somewhere different to eat." Best Chinese takeout in Pineville south Charlotte area.  They've been here forever (I've been coming here since I was a kid). Busy for dinner on weekends so I always get takeout. Very friendly. I called about 930 and the nice man ordered my food as the last order. I was starving Marvin and they were the only place to stay open and take my order. Such great people. And even better food. Must eat  and my kids love going on Sundays for the buffet.  Thank you for being a perfect family favorite!"  the gentleman passed by me literally 8 times and did not refill my water for a good 15 minutes. I basically had to flag him down and tell him to please refill it. We ordered the sesame cold noodles. Which I love the peanut sauce but way too much soy in there so it came off extremely salty. Also we order the favorite shrimp (which is that sweet mayo shrimp) and sesame chicken. Okay the favorite shrimp was disgusting. The sauce tasted old and I couldn't even stomach to eat it. The side of broccoli was just drizzle with soysauce and salty!  the sesame chicken was average however I did enjoy how they didn't soak it in sauce. I asked for extra vegetables and we were charged more for it but got literally just a spoon full of vegetables. Jade Asian Fusion and Dim Sum tastes so much better"  we usually buy one our two."  special recommendation goes to wontom in hot oil. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable. This place is native Chinese foodie approved!"  what a shame. The orange sauce was nice but there was very little rind present. The meat was very chewy. Overall I really don't think that we'll be coming back again. Three stars for the wonderful aquariums and our waitress I have been here several times and it's always been good. I've come here before for the sunday buffet and they actually have a lot of options. Egg rolls are so good and fat. Chicken wings are huge and crispy!! My favorite is the house special lo mein noodles. It has that smoky flavor and the put a lot of meat in it! Boyfriend loves their chicken and broccoli. I've also ordered from their Chinese menu. I tried the fish in the spicy oil sauce. It was good and light. staff is always friendly and I love when they seat us near the huge aquarium. Haven't been there in about 5 years and man has it changed. Egg drop soup which used to be the best in Charlotte was nothing but dish water and noodles. The egg rolls were were microwaved soggy somethings and the Mu Shu was the worst I have ever had. The Fantasy Shrimp was very good. The only meal saver. We won't go back. There are much better Chinese places around... The only downer is our waiter never bothered to come refill over beverages. She kind of took our order  when we go out to dine we want to get good service.  And that's not what we got.  Next time I'll order and pick up my food if I ever decide to get something from there again. Which I most likely will because I did like the food.  Again Very average Chinese... It's your typical asian flare with nothing special or bad. Alex is the owner who is there every day so he ensures good good and service. If you have a cold ... This is the place to get egg drop soup ! Best in Charlotte!!! Never disappoints ! Some things you just can't mess with and their egg drop soup is one of the best ever! Really really good Chinese ! I hope if we decide to dine in that the service is good..."  as every single employee we encountered was cold and acted like they didn't want to be there. Very unfriendly. My husband and I both worked in the restaurant business during college and know about good customer service. For the food: My husband had some sort of beef dish with peppers and onions and I had the chicken and broccoli. Both dishes were very hot which was the only redeeming quality They're also on restaurant.com so you can get a great deal as well!!"  sometimes are not. It's odd that their chef couldn't keep a stable level:("  but if you're looking for a new good Chinese place I say keep walkin' don't bother." I was greatly surprised at how friendly the service was and how good the food tasted. I have eaten at many many Chinese places for lunch and this is tied for top spot. They give you Chinese chip things before your meal with sweet sauce and hot sauce. They also have large fish tanks with exotic tropics fish. Overall great experience. I've recently visited this place again because i did like the food. And the food was still ferocious. They don't skim on the sauce or meat. The sauce is very flavorful. I did takeout. So not sure about the service. But the sanitation grade has improved to 96. I'll return again. It's worth it. I'm glad I gave them a second chance. The food is fresh and tasteful.. Temperature perfect.. Service not consistent." Great Wall has become our go-to for takeout. We have tried quite a few dishes on multiple occasions and not yet been disappointed. But still we get the crab Rangoon every time. Still haven't made it inside for a sit down dinner though. Go somewhere that they demonstrate respect for their guests - this is not the place." "Blah. Poor service and okay food.  Nothing special to write about. If they didn't have half price Groupons  a waitress came over and I ordered. She then rudely said I had to order at least $10 of food if I wanted to stay and eat in the restaurant. There were only maybe 3 tables with anyone at all in the place so it's not like they were busy and they have never said this to me before on the couple of other ocassions where I just came for their soup. I will never go here again." What they need to understand is that they get tipped for the service not in spite of it." We have been here a few times. The buffet lunch is excellent compared to any other chinese resteraunts. Good choices without too much of the oily taste.  not mentioned by the server.  Again not a real problem just one part of the entire experience.   Next time it will be take out!"  fried.  They were very flavorful and perfectly cooked.  The dumplings come with plenty to share.  Prices are good.  Service is very attentive. I will definitely come back!"  so I gave them 4 stars. Excellent service  so we went.  It was aweful.  How can you mess up wonton soup and vegetable spring rolls.  The sesame chicken was terrible.  The shrimp with garlic sauce just ok.  And the waiter was MIA after we got our food...we wanted to get some extra white rice at least and then our check at the end took forever I had a Groupon so I check this place out. It was just 'ok'. I don't think I would go back even with savings from a Groupon. The rice was burnt and the beef and broccoli was very salty.  I think it needs a good overall cleaning." "Came for Chinese New Year dinner(aka) spent more than 300 dollars and got awesome food! (special new year dinner with 9 dishes including lobster  that was fast. Usually and egg roll takes a minute or two to cook. When I got back to the office I found out why. First no spoon or soy Sauce. then the egg roll was soggy. They did not even cook it fresh. Yuck. It was so bad. The egg drop soup had no flavor either. I woudl pass this place by in a heart beat. Had they been busy I woudl say  and there was more shrimp than broccoli! That's a first! It wasn't a HUGE lunch portion but it was filling and I took half of it home. Quiet atmosphere It's my second time here. This experience is much better than last time. The sweet and sour shrimp is a must try! Just can't stop eating them "We have eaten here for years. The food and service are both excellent.  They've ruined Chinese for me "Love this place! Friendly staff and they put your food in your box for you Great service and the food is awesome! One of the best Chinese restaurants I've been to in Charlotte! The Cantonese lobster is a must try! I use to love this restaurant until my last visit when reaches was at my table. The manager said I can take 20% off of your bill!! Thanks but no thanks! I have not been back. I have been coming here for many years. All good things must come to an end. The food and service is not the same.Other  then the beautiful salt water fish tank there is nothing to say nice about the place.  he loves the food here!! i will continue to come as long as they are here!friendlyy staff and the manager is awesome!!"  it was very casual and familiar.  The food was actually better that I expected.  They had a create your own burger thing which I really enjoyed. The service was good.  The waitress was friendly and took good care of us.  Overall it was good  it can be a blast.  They have enough space to accommodate large crowds and college kids aren't as picky as a thirtysomething like myself.  I know I wasn't!"  and ping pong out front when weather permits." I'd suggest heading across the parking lot to Flying Saucer." "I disagree 100% with Devin.  The saucer is much more chill and seems to be less crowded.  More of a college meat market crowd  and the bouncers are just generally bitchy. Swimming in a sea of college kids is not my favorite recreation  there is sufficient seating away from the bar for non-barflies who want to have a conversation.  I would even wager that the new non-smoking laws have made these sports bars downright pleasant!  Oh yeah  Flying Saucer is right around the corner and MUCH better. Go there instead. Seriously." RfoHE-ChOZ3kohOS7goUpw I believe this location has closed and should be removed as a listing We decided come here since it was next to the mall. The place was not even that busy. The food was okay. But the service was bad. We sat there for about 20 mins until our waitress came by our table. After taking our orders she came back with the drinks. By the time we got the food the order was wrong and the waitress was no where to be found. When we ask someone if they can find our waitress another 15 minutes went by. At that time my aunt decided she's going to eat it anyways since it took forever. Then we over heard the table next to us asked her about their food. She told them she forgot to put in their order. Next time we are going else where.  the only reason someone would stop here is the expectation of name recognition.  Sorry This place is horrible and has crappy service. They try and get over on large groups with a service charge that is 2x higher than the normal 18% tip for 8 or more guests.... Great place for dinner or just a quick mid day meal. Service is great and timely.  I expected at least average ratings which the food part didn't induce." The hostess and waiter were pretty friendly as they didn't seem all that busy for lunch.  It did feel like it took a while for the food to come out "Food is great I can't say much for the service and the hostess who upon arriving welcomed us with a ""what!""" Good food. Good service. Loud people. It was Sunday Night football in the bar area. The restaurant was not that busy and our waitress mostly stayed at the table next to us talking with another customer.  dinner prices at lunchtime and a freezing cold dining room deserve the removal of two stars from this review.  Shame on Friday's for not offering lunch specials to its dining guests." So I believe over the years i've tried TGIF's 3 times or so and I'm pretty sure this will be the last time. Fool me once shame on you  coming back every 2-3 minutes asking if everything was ok. It seemed like he knew there was a bigger problem than we thought.. It was a disaster on date night  felt like cheers. Recommend cajun chicken and shrimp pasta." I feel that I probably won't be going back to this location again."  food was what I would expect from TGI Fridays"  and hope it stays around longer!"  the server interrupted our conversation and gave us some long winded sales pitch that totally pissed me off.   I think they were selling some discount card or something  why did he stop going to TGI Friday's? Then I ate there and was reminded." Eating there made me realize why I never actually go eat there. Nor do I really plan on going anytime soon"  and well I was missing the chicken can you believe that?  So being that it's a good 20 minutes away from me I didn't make the trip back to complain I just called instead.  I talked to the same manager I'm sure that fixed the first problem and he said sorry and is supposed to send me a gift certificate.  Apparently this happens more often than not because he didn't find it strange at all.  Moral is and I know that I don't need to tell you this but always check your food.  I normally do but for some reason I just didn't last night.  Like I said I really love Fridays and I can't say that I will not be back "Went in after church service (on Easter) and got seated pretty quickly! Not only that but the waitress was very helpful in sharing some of her favorite dishes (i like doing this to see how much they know about the food they serve!). I got the 8oz stake which I wanted MORE of (it was soooo good) with a side of Stake Fries. The wife loved her shrimp & ribs combo plate (which I of course ""tasted"" as well) and it was very good. The shrimp had a tasteful seasoning to it that when they breaded it "This place is always packed so i would suggest some out side seating to help with the over flow but other than that i am always back for the jack daniel specials I recommend their bar service to everyone  the drinks were awesome. Service the first night was iffy but it always depends on your waitress I am calling the GM! Pronto!" Meal was pretty average but would not go on a Friday night again. Very questionable patrons lots of leather tattoos and women that were overweight with tight clothes can you say cheap hooker! This place has been going down hill for awhile which is a shame as I do love the JD menu.  I think we have reached full hood status here.  made good recommendations and brought us our drinks and food quickly. But here's the thing: The place had an unsavory vibe. Overweight single men on one side of the bar  but that was jus t another 5-10 mins more. Even though my pice up time has past by 10mins already. So I get my food and walk across to the hotel that I'm staying at I don't like the restaurant portion of this TGI Fridays so I always order to go at the bar (live right across the street).  I always order the same salad but tonight I found a large kinky pubic like hair in it.  Absolutely disgusting!!! Now mind you- this manager treated me this way all over $6.00." Ordered a medium hamburger. Got a well done one with cold fries.  Service was questionable.  Recommend you stay away. warm. Never will go here again...ever." Service and food was good. We had the chosen sandwich and the half rack of ribs. Would eat here again. Our server was attentive. Also had pot stickers and cheese sticks. Yum! Service and food was good. We had the chosen sandwich and the half rack of ribs. Would eat here again. Our server was attentive. Also had pot stickers and cheese sticks. Yum!  poor service.  Very disappointing birthday dinner for my son." This place sucks so hard. Haven't seen this much worse service in an american restaurant.  it took him a while to come back to take the order. He never came to check on us once we got our food or asked if anybody wanted to order another drink. Before he brought the checks I asked for 2 of the Tennessee whiskey cakes. He then brought the checks and didn't add the cakes in. My total was $19.52 The service was okay. My fiance ordered the parmesan crusted chicken and was very disapointed. It tasted and smelled like fish. It looked like it was under cooked. I ordered the chicken sandwich which tasted much better. The bun came out soggy and the sandwich did not hold very well together. This place is way over priced and we will not be coming back here again.  as if I needed his permission complain elsewhere. He refused to refund to my credit card for the meal which only would have helped slightly because I would rather have not endured the ordeal. The only thing that visibly got his attention was the phrase ""social media"". I would never return to a Fridays and I would advise others to do the same." Zero stars for me. They literally messed up on every single person at the tables order. Not to mention the food they brought out looked absolutely sloppy and disgusting. Waitress was nice through it all and understood but we ended up leaving.  she took a very long time to get us refills. I suppose some of that was due to the Panther's game going on on the TV (they won another game!). The mozeralla sticks we got as an appetizer were good. The harvest apple salad I got was okay. But Had a cheese burger and fries too much salt .The burger was way too greasy but tasted ok. When i asked the bartender for a coffee to go only a half cup i will give a one star.service ok Wasn't the best food but Andrew working our table in the bar section was great.  Keep this guy around!  I would come back just because of him.  we waited about 5 mins for a host to come seat us. He asked if we wanted a table. When we requested a booth it seemed to irritate him. After getting to the table  however my boyfriend's dinner came before we received our drinks! Not to mention that when we finally received our drinks he was done eating his meal and 2 minutes after that my plate came out! Horrible. I really think our waitress forgot to put our order in. She blamed everyone but herself."  you order may not be right and management is not the best when it comes to correcting mistakes." "I won't return. The place was out of control. Not a sign of management. The waitress was cool (Tanea). She was available and attentive. This place needs a severe cleaning job from top to bottom. I refused to finish my water in fear of having to use the bathroom; of course assuming the bathroom would be in worse condition than the dining area. Dust everywhere. Tables weren't clean. The gentlemen at the front in the host position were terribly unprofessional. I'm glad everyone is able to do positive things and maintain a position of employment. However  and cheese stick that were ok. Service was not good and both the bartenders had bad attitudes.  I got an apple martini and it did not taste like apple at all. I will not be back EVER!"  don't bother. You will be the only one there and the hostess will make it crystal clear you're not welcome. It was 4 in the afternoon "Service is extremely slow. We had two children and waited 45 mins for our food with no crowd in the restaurant. Endless apps were over 30 mins apart from the kitchen. Poor quality service and professionalism across the board. Food was just fine "I called three separate times to be put on hold and forgot about every time! I even told the last person who picked up that it was my third time being placed on hold so please don't put me on hold again. ""Ok Worst service I have ever experienced. It will be a long time before I set foot in a Friday's again. Server was simply lousy. With all the other poor reviews why has this place not improved?  June 4th 2016. Service was good. Our waitress  was sweet. My food wasn't the best. I got the chicken and shrimp pasta. There wasn't enough sauce on the pasta and it tasted dry. The shrimp tasted overcooked also. I've had it before where it was good and juicy. Not this time. I never ask for things to be redone tho cause I'm always scared it will get spit on. Yes "Our server was obviously not in the mindframe to be working in a service capacity Overall good experience... the waitress was a little on the slow side (for the restaurant being dead).  It did pick up toward the end so maybe she got a little frazzled." Salad had wilted lettuce.  Sanitation grade 90.5.  Don't recommend. bad service & terrible food zmWlDfDmiNgci1e6WMA8fw  I recommend that you either find somewhere else to go or just save your money and hit one of the local grocery stores.  Since Applebee's is a chain  my second round of sangria tasted like the bartender poured half a bottle of what ever they use to sweeten it  and then she hung up on me mid sentence. When she came out to my car she was nothing but impolite. It was the customer service tonight that may have deterred me from ever coming back to Applebees.   The food was great "Delicious steaks and nice interior. Friendly staff Very bad service. Also my girlfriend got very sick after eating here. Also notice that the chicken she had ate was undercooked. DO NOT GO TO THIS APPLEBEE's  my visits are great. Well I guess you can't really mess up wings & drinks." "This location seems recently remodeled.  Very pleased with the abundance of local and regional microbrews displayed unusually attractively for an Applebee;s.  They had glasses provided by the brewers  if you want a decent meal with at least decent service I have enjoyed the steak at Applebee's. Decently priced & slow service though."  walked by multiple times without even looking our way. Place wasn't busy at all. Left and went across the street to another restaurant which was very busy but seated us a took our order within a couple of minutes.  If you are looking for a quick lunch don't go here." I'll make sure as long as I live none of my family friends or even foe! croses foot to this so called ""restaurant"" again."  good start right? Wrong. We sat for over 15 minutes with many servers passing us including the one assigned to our table. Another server we had not seen stopped by and asked if we had been helped. He took our drink order and was extremely pleasant. Waitress delivered our water and drinks then nothing further for about ten minutes. Ordered and received our food my wife ordered the Asian salad and started eating and when she got to the bottom of the bowl a hair was at the bottom. Called manager and he came over. Not very customer service oriented. My wife had to ask if the salad would be compensated after he asked if she would like something else to which he responded  I'm assuming because it was a slow night. I told the bartender that I was there to pickup an order and she decided that her conversation with her coworker was more important than serving a customer. I waited for about 10 minutes ( my requested pickup time at the time was about 15 minutes prior to this) and my food came out. I checked my order  and waited. It must have been 30 - 35 minutes before it came. She set our plates down and scurried off. She never even gave us silverware or napkins. We managed to flag down another waitress and asked for silverware and napkins. She went to go get them and never returned. After about 10 minutes a man came around checking on each table. I assumed he was a manager. We told him about the silverware and napkins and he apologized and brought them right away. At this time the bungling waitress comes over to ask if we needed anything. At that point we didn't. She went over to the next table and they complained about something and we heard her apologizing. She went to another table and they complained and we heard her apologizing again. Apparently she was screwing up orders at every table. We finished the meal What a joke! This place has permanently lost my patronage." "First off the management here sucks ass!! The kitchen was so far behind that we sat there for 35 mins and still didn't get our appetizer! The server did all that she could but damn! This place has no team work at all and like I said Never ever eat here!!! Worst service I have ever had. When we said something there was one excuse after another!  I placed an order online for the salad and a soup while at the gym. I plugged in for it 12:00pm pick up. I arrived around 11:45 and had no problem waking until 12. 12:10 nothing...12:15 he comes out with the receipt to sign and will bring the food out when it's ready. Really? It's soup and a wedge salad. Literally a hunk of lettuce. 12:30 and this is the salad they bring out. No bacon and barely any toppings. I knew my one experience Wednesday night was too good to be true."   she looked like she couldn't be more bothered.  But I guess after she sensed we were ok peeps she let her guard down a bit.  Our food came at a reasonable time and my salad was pretty dang on good!  Was it my favorite place?  Nah "Fantastic service and food. We ordered appetizers  if the fact that we had to wait 5 minutes for a hostess to greet us although the restaurant was half empty wasn't the key for us to run we ignored the signs. After waiting 20 minutes we observed several already seated parties leaving and complaining of the wait. We still stayed because I insisted on Applebee's. After waiting another 20 minutes for our server to take a drink order and waiting another 25 mins for the appetizer to arrive cold. We still hung in and received cheese less 4 cheese Mac and cheese  don't be scared - there's a pretty nice beer selection as well.  For only 4 refrigerators they fit a lot of options inside." My favorite aspect though has to be the almost monthly wine dinners that the shop puts on in conjunction with some of the best restaurants in the Charlotte area. They are always extremely reasonable in price "Surprising find by some good friends. This wine bar had a great patio to hang out and drink wine. They also had a pretty great selection. The selection was more randomly broad  outdoor patio(where you can bring you dog).  All of this right by the lake.  These guys also schedule tastings and pairings at some local restaurants.  Ranging from (25-80)ish per person It's worth a drive from anywhere in the Charlotte area to see what the UCB has been keeping to itself. This place is equally impressive for the intimate conversation of a first date  take your dog and enjoy an adult beverage next to the lake." "Great place for a pre-dinner or post-dinner glass of wine.  Nice relaxing patio right by the lake.  Wine and beer. A few snacks I'll definitely give it another chance sometime. Hopefully they'll work on their snacks and cheeses! It wouldn't be too hard!" I have to admit that this place doesn't come to mind too much during the winter; but every summer the Wine Vault manages to stay on my ever-changing list of places that I want to be."  but even without a kitchen they need to put together some kind of nosh plates and simple edibles to go with their wine and beer selection.  Duh." Great wine list price not to bad either... Come during the evening enjoy a nice brezze off the pond while you sit outside and people watch... **Something I'd like to see wine vault do:  set up easy recycling" DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE... DRINK then DRIVE.. (SOBER)" "I've been going here for years (college and after) ! i love the atmosphere and the location.  Most of the staff I've encounter are overall friendly expect for the manager-a RACIST! I think here name is Lisa (unless they have more than 1 manager) Other than that...great place for conversations We'll be regulars after moving to Charlotte!"  food options and the selection is over priced. I've experienced rude workers from time to time. If there staff was a little bit more kind and their prices weren't so high  I bought some crackers and cheese from inside. After about 30 minutes they asked us to leave the tables and sit elsewhere because ALL of their tables were reserved for people drinking. They were very rude about it. This will not drive me away from coming here The staff is friendly and seem to know their stuff. I am a little disappointed in the by-the-glass menu. I visited in May and again in September and nothing had changed. Pretty disappointing in that regard."  went here earlier in the summer and tried it again a few weeks ago . They have a wide selection of wines and the employees are happy to assist in helping you chose a wine. There isn't a ton of seating that's the only drawback at least inside there isn't but other than that a nice chill spot to hang out." "Hands down the best way to improve mental health:  a glass of wine at the Wine Vault.  They are always pouring something tasty by the glass so you don't have to be ready to commit to a bottle.  Sometimes it can get pretty crowded on the patio especially at the end of the week in summer  and patio in Charlotte!!!" A nice and friendly place to sit outside and drink. Always a good time. Excellent set up for any weather situation. They tend to have live music on Fridays and Saturdays. The Wine Vault sells local beers an wine ice cold available for purchase by the glass and bottle. Very knowledgeable staff and chill atmosphere. Dog and kid friendly as well.  fellowship and live music. I don't venture too far away from my living area due to the great ambience and experience of the Wine Vault. Having great & late night food options a few steps away is a added benefit as well." Tip: wed 7pm tastings.." Love this place! Huge beer and wine selection and well priced. Location is great by a cute pond and live music is regularly there during warmer weather. My favorite thing here by far is that they are dog friendly inside and out Great selection of beers and wines.  Fridays and Saturdays with live music.  Wonderful atmosphere! The inside (especially the furniture and bathrooms) could use an update upgrade. But maybe the little bit of ""grunge"" is part of the appeal for some!" I love finding places that will be added to your rotation of favorite spots. Tucked away in a shopping center near UNCC is the Wine Vault. Sit outside and people watch or brig your pup (there were some inside when I visited) and split a bottle of wine (responsibly of course) with some friends. The glasses we sampled were $7-8 and were a proper pour. If you are in the University area this is the best spot to grab a glass or two of wine  in a non-chain hotel bar.  fantastic prices. You can easily get 3 great craft beers for less than $10. Go on the weekends  I almost didn't want to talk! Bring your laptop and a book to read over a glass of wine and you will have a great afternoon." "Great place and awesome ambience. My mom and I loved the wine. Only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the female employee was rude to my family after we bought a bottle of wine. Let's be clear... If you work at a place "Stopped into The Wine Vault this past weekend for a ""Pictures w Santa"" pet-charity event and had a really good time.  The ambiance was cool and the wine shop was just precious! With lots of fine wines and a dining area + patio set up  as I do not live close at all. But it is worth coming down here in the spring and summer. Great wine selection. You will find any wine here. You can purchase a wine per glass that they have on the menu or you can pick a bottle Nice place with outdoor and indoor seating. Glasses of wine are priced well. But someone needs to talk to the wine tasting bartender. We go wine tasting frequently and their pour barely allows you to taste each offering. $5 for a few drops and you don't even get to keep the glass.  the best sportsbar in CLT. They really know how to take care of their loyal patrons. If there is a particular game of interest on TV somewhere in the world I have this place on my Top 3 list for wings. They are the perfect standard wing if your looking for consistency they win all the time. I haven't been in a while but I'm sure when I do they will be spot on as usual. Always a great bartender at this place as well.  hands down the best wings in Charlotte. Reasonable beer prices Home of the Charlotte 49ers and they have beer.  That is all you need. They have a hugh projection screen TV and all the requisite HD Plasamas"  we didn't eat any food so I may come back here to try that out - maybe not on a football night.  There are plenty of screens and TVs all around the Bar and dining area so everyone had a decent view of the screens - I could see it as a fun place to go and watch games.  I think my friends and I just wanted to check in on the score  seating and games. The drinks are inexpensive and the food looked good. My only complaint is that they didn't have the UFC fight on there. Had to walk to Buffalo Wild Wings"  American sports-bar.  Good food  great atmosphere. I had their buffalo shrimp and it was amazing. They claim to have the meatiest wings A true sports bar with plenty of character; I would recommend this place to anyone.  and banging wings!  What else could you want."  and get ready for the bartenders to know your name and your drink the next time you come in." Great place to hang out and have a few brews and a bite while watching a game.   I'll be back very soon." "THE BEST WINGS IN THE QC!!! My friends ad I joke about how perfect they are...but seriously. How do they get them so perfect? EVERYTIME! Perfect amount of sauce Been here to watch some Phillies games before and even though the bartender was a Yankees fan "Had the calzone Saturday. REALLY good. As usual  I would give Picasso's about 3.5 stars." "This is a great spot for local UNCC students or a nice place to go and hang out with friends or your significant other.  It is a great place to watch whatever game you want because they have tons of TVs as well as the largest projection TV I have seen thus far in Charlotte.  I have only tried the wings and the pizza and they are definitely on point.  The pizza is oven baked  this was a little strange to me. None the less we found seats close to the big screen. It seems like there's thousands of tv's in this place! I think there were only two servers working that day. But they had it all under control. It's kind of a do as you please atmosphere. Everyone had on a jersey representing their team Thank you for a great football Sunday."  instead they are more on the spicer side. The bf had Hot Garlic. They too were on the spicer side instead of really tasting the garlic. All in all the wings were still good and now you can get a basket which comes with six wings and a nice size helping of French Fries for $7.99. Before you would have had to add a side of fries. They also have really good drink specials: $2.50 draft beers and $9.00 pitchers. The appetizers of my choice is the Spinach Artichoke Dip and the Pepperoni Pizza Rolls...I wouldn't recommend the  Fried Jalapeo  b c when I had them they were kinda mushy and I actually prefer them with cream cheese instead of a nacho cheese filling. Looking for a place with great wings and specials on drinks then head over here...also a great place for sport fan fanatics!"  and average flavors. At least the service was good!" Great Wings and Great Screens!! Great place to watch a game or just grab a good bite to eat. The prices are reasonable and the amount of food you get for the price is pretty good. I would suggest the wings and the cheese fries...the fries were rather awesome. It's really a place to watch sports have drinks. That's it didn't like the food there. It's probably cause its just meant for sports and drinks. Since I'm not a fan of either its definitely the wrong place for me. But for those who like drinks and sports this would be your spot!  drink specials can be somewhat lacking as well. Food is usually pretty good. Nachos are awesome. Wings are great. The pizza is always good too. The lunch buffet isn't a bad deal. Lots of TVs and a nice outdoor area." Btdubbs. This is my virgin yelp." 3xdV-7di_YD3MVqs3Pa7-g Will definitely be back!  :-D" "I'm new to the area and was lucky enough to have this bar across the street from my long stay at the Marriott. Now that I have moved I still come back because the service is outstanding and the pizza is wonderful. If you are looking for a sports bar The food was delicious and the people were very friendly.  and great atmosphere. The pepperoni rolls are a must try! Good place to watch a game Had the wings. I was underwhelmed. Service was friendly. Trivia nights on Tuesdays - music   microphone too loud. "Awesome brick oven pizza PK6NLcIc39Kujhi1OVlCIg  I don't work here but I am a fan of the joint.."  I'd give Picasso's 3 stars. Since this place is a SPORTS BAR Food was great.  Hot fresh loved it!  Great beer selection.  Older white bar tender with glasses has a very crass vocabulary.  Will go back when he is not there. Other bartender was awesome.  great great potential for this bar. I look forward to returning when school begins." "They've got plenty of screens and channels to get whatever event you wanna watch. Food is solid pub grub and they're quick about it. Friendly staff I went to Picasso yesterday as a single lady just to get a drink & some food. The service is terrible! This is my second time going. Every time I go the lady behind the bar looks like her dog just died. It took forever for them to come to me. I didn't get one smile from either bartender. The roll I had was good. But I can find good food elsewhere I prefer good service!  not a corporate sports bar. The bartenders are entertaining and good at what they do.  Have tried multiple things on the menu and have been more than satisfied. I love supporting local businesses"  but I literally ordered a burger on a piece of bread and chips (patty melt). When it came out it was missing cheese and had 1 onion slice. The bread was untoasted and unbuttered and unsatisfying. The burger was well-to-burnt "This place has the best chicken wings in town. Hands down. Also the homemade potato chips are a must for when you come to watch whatever game you want. One of the waitresses The only improvement needed is the bathrooms!" All in all it was exactly what we were looking for. We will definitely be going back again soon!"  we left. Seriously? You'll buss a table right in front of us but completely ignore customers. Un-flipping-believable."  not many crafted beer. Had a wonderful night here for the NCAA final four night. Go Devil!" Ashley was friendly & checked on her customers fluidly. I grabbed a couple of beers & a quick convo while I waited on some calzones (yum!!!) to go. Great way to start my weekend!!! Nice place food I'm not so sure of  I ordered the philly cheese steak  over cooked dry cheese steak I practically didn't even see any cheese in it and the bread was microwaved then put on the grill boi do I hate that but a redemption moment for them would be the burgers two people ordered burgers and by the looks of those burgers that's what I should've ate  but not awful. I'll give it three out of five potty points." "If your looking for a place to watch a game or just to have a few beers and dont have to deal with the downtown traffic Picasso's is the spot the have amazing food and cold beer on the tap "I have been a customer of Picasso's since moving to Charlotte in 2009.  I was looking for an after work place to eat wings and have a drink where I felt as at home as I did in Greensboro.  I absolutely found it here !  The staff is very friendly Oh and they have poker tables for hold em if that's your thing. Friendly staff cheap drinks trivia large TV's at the bar. It was inviting from the time we walked in the door." "Awesome wings!!!!  Not the best customer service Pizza is good too! Try the Masterpiece!" "Went for first time today to watch football. Plenty of tv's. Good burger  LOTS of tvs for sporting events including a very large projector screen for main events. Bartenders are friendly and attentive and do a great job. This place is highly suggested!" Great services and Good comfort food Highly recommended went with kids and enjoyed our stay!!!  I don't drink. I went to check out the loudness which was only loud during touchdown and it was college bowl games. Very nice customers and they were some of the regular crowd so they seemed to genuinely care about the manager and the waitress and each other. There were two families with young children sitting down on the bottom area and one couple had a baby and seems like the crowd got a little quieter. But still there were touchdowns! Overall enjoyed the food and the atmosphere." Spent my college days going to this place all the time. Always a fun environment and the staff is always great. Wings are excellent. Intimate seating with multiple entrances. Service was good and the meal was fantastic. Bacon cheese burger and fries made to order. Wish they had better drink specials for liquor.  our server as well as several of the other staff checked on us several times. Food came out in a timely manner. Had the creeper wings" I came here a couple of times since it was right up the road from where I was staying. Amazing staff and the food is very good. I have enjoyed myself each time I came here. Definitely will be back when I am in this area again. Such a friendly place and staff made me feel like I was very welcomed each time. Keep up the great work and great food. Thank you  that 80's music was extremely tame and innocent compared to the tripe on the radio today. Where's the ""Walking on Sunshine""? Where's the ""Faith"" (not  Limp Bizkit style)? Where's Elizabeth Shue and her ""Cruel Summer""? Where's the ""Billie Jean"" for cryin out loud (actually Decent beer options and the buffalo chicken roll was very tasty! We went on a slow day to try somewhere new and would probably go often if it were walking distance.  I guess when I go out I expect more. Geez. Don't serve that.  Use some real cheese and bake those nachos. That was bad. When you order nachos and they come out in 30 seconds they are never good. That theory proved to be true tonight. Bar staff were awesome. Beer prices good too. But. After that mess I only stayed for one beer." "I've been to this place several times and have never been disappointed. Their wings are always good and crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The Honey Chipotle are the best!  Their pepperoni pizza roll is a must! The service at this place is top notch! Even during big games when they're crowded the servers seem to be very attentive. Although it's not the biggest place Would highly recommend especially for late night dinners."  good crowd and the food was GREAT!  We had the chicken parm roll. Dough was excellent and the portion was just right. Nice introduction to the Charlotte area!"  and the drinks and drink specials were good too. They had $5 house liquors and $2 natty bottles. Tons of TVs so I imagine it would be great for watching a game. I had a pizza that was to die for. The people are so friendly and I can't wait to go back!"  horseshoes etc.... They have a stage out there for live music. Big portions of food for not alot of cash. Becoming a Friday night tradition"  good food it seems to be run by a young crowd which is nice. I have been there numerous times with out of town visitors an everytime is a good time heck on my last visit I was given two pint glasses. The grown up grilled cheese is a great sandwich as well as the rest of the menu it's got the perfect mix of pub food and good food with a good friendly atmosphere my only suggestion is go for lunch or an early dinner especially in the summer months. Downfall the Guinness is a bit pricey and I can put them down so I try to avoid the pints when I go so I don't break the bank."  but the had Weihenstephaner and started to describe it. I played beer snob and offered that it's the world's oldest brewery at which point the server gave me the look of acknowledgment that he knew I KNOW about beer. We got our drinks and ordered. I got the 'County Down Cheeseburger' with bacon and a fried egg! Medium rare was really medium rare  and cornhole. It's definitely the place to go to have fun in Ft. Mill!"  we had planned on taking our time so we could enjoy the live music.  But poor service ruled the day.  All it would have taken to turn our frustration into an adventure was engaging interaction and some smiles from our server.  Any restaurant or server can get overwhelmed or behind  but I was disappointed." Considering how much we'd heard about this place we were very disappointed and won't be back." Good bar foot and a good beer selection.  Join the beer club and when you get to fifty you get a personalized mug and 20oz of craft beer for the price of a pint.  Bands on the weekend without a cover charge.  it wasn't worth the ~20 minute drive down to Fort Mill I've bumped up the rating from 1 star to 3 stars - I'm leery to give it a higher rating since I don't know whether the first experience or the second experience was the ""out of the norm"" version of the place.  If we end up going again  props for that.  The food is always good.  I had a friend come in from out of town and told her we had to go for their awesome Guinness chili nachos.  She was in love and I remained in love i like this place when they have it all together. some times the service is great sometimes not so much. Sometimes the food is good sometimes its great. but its always good and they have a ton of beer to choose from both on tap and bottles. go before 7 for the happy hour and the best drink and food prices. I honestly cannot see giving this establishment a rating higher than a 3.  My 2 rating is due to the following reasons 1) my husband and I went to watch NFL kickoff last Sunday.  Ordered our beer and then attempted to order our food.  I said attempt because they didn't have much to offer.  Every time we made a selection it was either 86 or a component was 86. The explaination we were given was it was very busy Friday night and ran out of stuff - hello it is now Sunday afternoon. You are advertising watching the games at your location.  I pointed out that there is a grocery store within walking distance.  The reply was the owners won't let us buy anything.  I ordered shepards pie which is supposed to be a meat potato and veggie dish. When it showed up at the table it had at least 1 2inch of melted cheese on top a fact not mentioned in the description. After scraping that off I proceeded to dig in. Unfortunately the dish was made with less than an ounce of meat alittle bit of peas and corn and a pile of potatoes. I had the honor of paying $10 for that.  2) OK everyone can have a bad day so we returned this Sunday.  Once again they were out of things but not as bad as last week.  I ordered a specialty burger for $11 Safe right?  Wrong. It came out as any basic burger would except for the fact that the actual patty looked liked someone took a bite out of it.  I called the server over to show her the burger and to ask where the special burger was - her reply - it looks like someone bit into it.  When I asked about the bun vs bagel - oh we don't have those anymore!  There is much more that I can say but this is already a novel. Long story short. The food sucks and we will not return.  One other thing when I told our server about our experience last week she stated that she served an English guy that complained that the shepards pie was the worse he ever ate - I agree.  Time to find another place to go.  but from that moment on we had the most terrible service from her. I ordered a margarita and it was disgusting with nothing but mixer and a few cubes of ice. The guys were ordering beers and they literally had to approach the bartender at the bar for two different rounds of beer because the bartender would not return to service our table like she was servicing the rest of them. We had to ask for menus because we were not offered any and anytime we attempted to speak with or get the bar tender's attention she just glared and smirked and acted like everything was just a big inconvenience to her. She was literally snatching money out of out hands while we were paying. Ridiculous." Darts  yeah.  Don't forget to join the Beer Club.  So many different beers to try and they get new ones on a regular basis.  but the main attraction is the lake. So if you're in the area or have a boat "The atmosphere is fun and lively!  The staff is good and the food is pretty decent for the theme.  It's the hopping place for the area!  The only thing I don't like is: 1)Smoking 2) the Dead animals inside the lounge.  I was advised they were going to BAN smoking from the inside soon  great patio area if you're there for some drinks and maybe a few apps. For a destination dinner Zc2IwSzGY63zkyhfNrr7HA  but it takes two.  Please stop relying on the fact that you're the only place (I know of) in the area where you can eat the water's edge.  It's just not enough to keep us coming anymore.  You actually have to serve good food and decent drinks."  a good place to go drink. Waitstaff is knowledgeable." Giving it 3 stars for the outdoor area.  The only food I've had is their spinach quesadilla which was okay.  Nice place to grab a drink and listen to some live music. outdoor on the lake. This place has went downhill bad. I remember going here for prom or when people would visit from out of town. Now im not so sure. The service sucks. The food is pretty mediocre. I was there on a Friday night and ordered the prime rib only to be informed that they were out. So I ordered a ribye and it was ok. The steak was cooked right but just didn't have much flavor. After dinner we went on the deck so my daughter could feed the ducks. When I got out there I grabbed a chair so she could see over the deck and the bartender rudely told me that I can't use the chair. It is only for people sitting at the bar. I hope this place fixes some of these problems because I want to like it again "Not good for food. Cost us 50 bucks for 2 orders of ribs with one side and soda. The food was terrible. I remember a time when the food was good  Not sure I'm going back at all..." If you're looking for a fancy place (is this really a steakhouse?) it's prob not for you Great place to pull up to in your boat and get a drink on the deck and watch people navigate the traffic jam of finding a boat slip on a busy summer day. The food is ok. They market it as a Texas place and while the memorabilia decor inside is true Texan the food is only ok. All in all not a bad place to hang out on a summer day.  there was so much butter on the bread that it was soggy and way too salty. My husband ordered the T-bone steak which was okay The best feature of T-Bones is the lake view. Outdoor tables and the bar are especially crowded and seating is a free-for-all  it's only restaurant on Lake Wylie. So there." I went to this place probably 15 years ago. Was not impressed then. Has gotten worse. Not inclined to go to places were they have to have armed police officers on duty for the protection of their patrons.   This placed is off the list. Will not return!"  the service was very good.  Meghan was our waitress."  the Chicken club was the only thing we found worth getting.  As long as we have sunny days on the lake  and topped with Bleu Cheese crumbles. The dish caught my eye because I've recently become a real fan of Bleu Cheese crumbles. (Sounds like as good a reason as any.). My husband and I were both pleased with our choice and highly recommend this dish. The filet was quite tender and had a little ""kick"" from being blackened. The sauce made a good taste contrast and the Bleu Cheese topped it off. Try it ... but I probably won't suggest it for a group lunch in the future. I would like to try it for dinner on a weekend Food was pretty good. Great patio overlooking lake Wylie.  their Sunday brunch is pretty good and they do a bloody Mary bar that is good too. Don't take a large group because they act like accommodating you is painful. They also took forever when the restaurant seemed fairly dead. They need to remodel and hire a new chef to re-write the menu because you cannot beat the location. They also need more boat slips... it always fills up fast on the weekend!" Nice night for a ride across the border but sadly that place just sucks. I was better when it was the Hungry Fisherman like 25 years ago.  one person in our party didn't get her chicken sandwich until about 10 minutes later and then got charged an extra dollar for it to be blackened but it wasn't blackened and the manager told her no when she tried to take the dollar off how crazy is that?  I can't believe this place has been around so long and is still in business with such poor management.  Unfortunately this is the only restaurant on the lake and they know it.  Such a shame they should really get their act together." T-bones is a great place to go if you're on the water on Lake Wylie. It is basically the only restaurant on the lake that Has docks for pulling your boat up to have lunch. The outdoor deck and live music are always nice but always crowded. The only food that I could recommend on their menus would be The burgers and quesadillas. I would never eat the seafood there again after both myself and my wife got sick on different occasions inning the fried shrimp. The Sunday morning Bloody Mary bar is a nice touch if you're up for that. "No good. And it's a big shame because with the awesome location If they actually had decent food this place could be jumpin every night. My mom who's been here several times warned us before we left ""we go here for the views and to be outside some nights  just sad. Won't be coming back. It's fine if you want to enjoy a few beers by the water  and is just uncomfortable and always broken. The stools make you sit way lower than the bar and you feel like a 5 year old - they weren't made for this.  They are breaking too.The horrible 'decorative' paint job and poly on the bar and railings from 20+ years ago is peeling off and needs to be removed.  Looks like the removed a lot from the interior ceiling of deck bar  nice deck w water views and drinks on a summer night or day.. Live music is fun.. Awesome for hanging out w drinks.. Not a food place" "Location is perfect. Live music was super good on the deck.  But the food... oh my.. Expect fast food quality here. The fish taco tastes like something you get from a frozen box. There is absolutely no flavor on it.  I wish this place was more unique. Not just the typical lower end American Cuisine  (burger fries fried chicken tenders fried fish..) that you get at any Walmart. Service was not bad. I only wrote this review "This is the worst example of a ""Steakhouse"" ever.  The owner is a self righteous fool that loves to cause trouble if you give feedback.  Lousy place on Lake wylie "Snagged some lunch on the water and got in right as they opened. The waiter waitress staff seemed to miss us coming in because we wanted 15 minutes before I had to get up and ask them to serve us. They were apologetic and nice "Location is perfect view to the lake but services pretty slow Ok.  I try this place 2 or 3 times a year praying it will get better.   I live i n the lake and its the only place to go if your out for a boat ride.  Without fail its always the same.   Dirty.... I'm looking at a spider web hanging from a moose head as I write this.   Sloooow service.   Poor to standard food.  If it wasn't for the monopoly of being on the lake they would be out of business.  the can be a pro or a con for some. It is a part of Lake Wylie as much as the lake it seems. Go for the entertainment and think of this place more like a start to the night. They get bands and their is no cover." "We have eaten here several times and the food has been good - the blackened prime rib on Saturday evening is to die for. So we thought we would try the Sunday breakfast buffet and Bloody Mary bar. My advice - go to IHOP or Denny's instead. The breakfast ""buffet"" was no more that a glorified lets-throw-some-typical-mediocre-breakfast-items on a couple of tables and call it  Breakfast Buffet. I went expecting rather a brunch - i.e.: breakfast AND lunch items - after all  unless it is by boat for a quick beer and the view." So.... this place could be a solid 3-ish.... IF you get a good server... and if it's summer  inside is just okay. Feed the ducks on the way in and soak in Carolina sunsets!"  the food is not. I went with a group of four. Our waitress was nice but not very professional. One of the first things we spotted was a large cock roach crawling across the floor. We expected this to be taken care of after telling the waitress but it was not. I am not so sure where that nasty bug ended up. For about $17-$19 a a dinner our plates were very sad looking. Chicken was dry and the portions were tiny! Going to t bones you may be thinking oh! T bone steaks! Nope...no where to be found on the menu. Mostly everything is fried! After finally receiving our bread and butter at the same time as our dinner....?? We dug right in. After one person took a bite the sour faces were hard to miss!! After investigating the bread and butter we realized that there was something seriously wrong with the butter! It tasted something like chlorine really old water that has been sitting in a dirty sink for a long time. It was terrible. After kindly explaining this to my waitress she again was not very professional. She was like oh okay. And took it from us. She offered free desert which we did not want because everything else was terrible. I asked if they tried the butter in the kitchen and she said ""oh no...we won't try it"" which makes me wonder how many other poor folks had to taste it that evening! We will NOT be back for dinner. The only reason I would go back is to sit at the bar on the back deck and have a drink. This place has so much potential! The wrong people are running it. Such a waste!!!!"  and the burgers are not. ONE EXCEPTION--The Ribs are not bad and edible! Go Great location in the old Hungry Fisherman restaurant on the water on Lake Wylie. Lousy food.  it now 7 hours after my not so tasty (questionably safe) lunch at T-Bones today and my stomach is still doing flip-flops even after a bout of diarrhea (sorry to give such detail but important to note). The health department really needs to take a much closer look at this place...honestly folks!" "Nice view! It was a slow day in the restaurant and we had decent service. Slow on the refills but it was fine. Service was friendly  biscuits.  Eggs were cold and the fresh fruit wasn't fresh.  There wasn't much to choose from on the lunch menu.  Worst thing was the loud dance music.  I actually really like electronic music Two stars instead of one for the decent nachos."  oh my the food okay so they forgot the bread so we had to ask for it when we received the meal. With a $20 steak you get one side and this was a 7oz ribeye they're sides consisted of about 8 different types of potatoes a cucumber salad and cole slaw no other vegetables except the veg of the day. The steak was under cooked and I ordered medium rare. The ketchup on the table had started fermenting because they continue to refill the glass bottles and I'm assuming they never throw them away "I should have read reviews before going out to dinner here. The service was incredibly slow. We sat at our table next to the bar for 15 minutes before deciding to move to the bar. Even sitting at the bar we had to get the bartenders (there were 3 of them) attention everytime we wanted something. Only had the nachos  with great service and a good view.. thus the high 3 stars.  Will we be back?  I really don't know when but no overwhelming urge to go back immediately."  food is gross and the wait staff is just pathetic. Only nice thing is the view and the kids enjoying feeding the ducks. Sad for such a prime piece of real estate to not be maximizing it. Decor looks like you have time traveled to 1970. Perfect place for Gordon Ramsey and Kitchen Nightmares." I'd give it one star except the service was very good and the bread was clearly fresh.  But I won't be back."  food and management to ever come back again. If only Sweetwater could takeover their location." "The only reason we ever eat here is to sit on the deck overlooking the lake.  Service is slow and the food is not good at all.  Ribs are the best item on the menu  overpriced and the service is poor. I guess it is just another spot (like all the other bars in Lake Wylie) for locals to sit and drink outside. It's too bad  setting and location are great. But the food is horrible. Every appetizer and main dish is horrible. Beer selection is better in my house. No Amber ales or pale ales. All the beers are for college kids. And the place can be renovated for sure" This place seemed like a hidden gem on the lake but the horrid customer service well lack there of  the food is not good and the managment is poor.  You will notices this theme in other reviews.  I would believe them." I just noticed the time and they close in four minutes let me tell you they should have closed years ago and they should not bother opening tomorrow. I can't believe even a low-level restaurant can ruin an easy grilled chicken salad. The raspberry vinaigrette tasted like something out of one of those mayonnaise packets that you rip open. The chicken was grizzly bland and flavorless. The turtle that we saw in the pond as we were walking in probably would have tasted better. I was not the only patron who appeared to have trouble with their order. I saw two ladies at another table send back two plates of food. Simply because of the view I would only go there for a drink. Even the menus felt dirty and sticky and that should have been my first clue. I was afraid to order another beer because of the scowl on the barmaids face I thought maybe she was going to yell at me. My pitbull has a softer look on her face. If you like bad food you're in for a heckuva time. We stopped here not knowing what to expect and wondered if we were a little under dressed due to the outside of the restaurant. Once inside we saw that we were just fine in our shorts and capris. Cocktails were good but menu is very overpriced. I had the T-bone due to the name and paid $29 for the steak and 1 side. The flavor of the steak was good but a little on the thin side for the price. Service was just ok. They weren't too busy and it seemed the wait staff wanted to hang around and chat with each other. All in all I doubt we will make a trip back here.  nice deck and beer is sometimes cold..good location The inside is fun with signs and trinkets. The outside patio is nice to sit out and watch the lake. The waitresses were friendly."  more suited for McDonalds and truthfully tasted worse than a McDonalds burger but cost me 10.00.  What a sham.  That burger cost them 2.00 and they charged 9.99.  Which I'll gladly pay for a fresh ground beef patty.  Pitiful excuse for a restaurant. No leadership in this place.  I really don't understand this business plan because they are adjacent to some of the highest value homes in Charlotte.  Just clean the place and serve fresh food.  I'll never return."   you go for the view! We stick to bar food appys and it hits the spot.  The service is always so very friendly and accommodating." "We've been going to T-Bones for years.  Great views and friendly service!  If you want a laid back atmosphere for drinks or a meal at the lake  these guys may actually step up their game. Food is average. Inside is dark and dreary. Outside is ok. Love the lake fire though." "Everyone at our table loved our dishes which included the grilled chicken  good tunes to just sit back and listen to  the bar scene was good and the servers were outstanding. We ate at the bar on the outside deck and it was pleasant.  Warm but not too hot with a great view." "This place is Super gross  it's like eating inside the public toilet. It stinks inside  miss. Wait staff can be inattentive & easily distracted by all the ""action"" going on or too busy socializing amongst themselves.  The only reason to go here is for the drinks & to enjoy the lakeside deck." "The only thing good about this place is the view and you can have it for free on the ramp area. Server took forever to realize our existence and when she finally showed up  they were very nice and got us our bill quickly and gave us our food for free.  Don't know if we'd ever come back to enjoy the outdoor bar unless they do something about all the seagulls."  eggs and sausage were cold. We were told they would be putting out fresh food  so that had me worried to start off. Our server was so SLOW and seemed more concerned about socializing than serving. I had to get up and ask for a refill twice. I had a grilled chicken salad and my friend had a club sandwich. After 25 minutes "Horrible service... My husband's steak came to the table raw!  So basically we had to eat at separate times while a meal he could eat without becoming sick was prepared.  Never checked on I would recommend coming here just for drinks on the lake and maybe an appetizer. I haven't tried their steaks but if you can't provide a fresh salad I don't see a reason to gamble on the higher priced items." I would eat here again!"  but I'd rather be treated better at a restaurant that does not have the same views."  Christi provided great service beyond what was expected.  Drinks were cold "After reading the reviews I was a little worried.  But the atmosphere was great out on the deck and the food was good I had the tenderloin sandwich that was great.  My man had the shrimp Alfredo he liked it had a lot of shrimp but returned to haunt him later in the evening  the food is great (I had the kale salad and kale salad isn't exactly what I would normally like but I'm trying to be good... It was phenomenal!) I've never really been disappointed here but never been wowed either. Now I'm flat out excited to come back!" We ate and paid just in time to avoid the rain....again Awsome!!!" Each time I go here I swear it will be the last. How are there no other restaurants on Lake Wylie?!"  if you are looking for white trash people to treat you like white trash   the wait staff is under trained and unorganized. My first trip here was this past father's day and it was packed surprisingly had a short wait. No complaints on the food   talkative people. Very casual. Car Parking lot is good and the boat dock seems adequate. The kids like the ducks and turtles that hang around. They have pellet machines for a quarter to feed the rascals."  he didn't offer anything or even take it off the check. I wish I had checked the reviews beforehand because it would have saved us a 30 minute drive. It's sad that they won't fix anything after all the negative reviews since they are the only place there. Decent view of the lake  the location is great food is crap.." I do consulting and conclude that the restaurant's management is weak.  There's a lack of customer focus and the wait staff isn't being held accountable." "Skip this place until you are eligible for SSI retirement benefits. The curmudgeon bartender is almost pissed to have new patronage  because his personality seems to be a curious mix of hung-over crocodile and rubber spatula.  My conclusion is that he must be independently wealthy:  I'm guessing that the geriatric regulars are not the highest tipping bunch  I am done with this location.  There are plenty of businesses that want your patronage  being.  Just be.  And give me a friggin' huge piece of deep fried walleye to help me digest the spectacle "Service was terrible! I will never return!!! We waited in the bar and were never greeted or spoken too. People walked in after us and were seated. Not sure what their structure is for seating  potatoes and toast.  All this for something like $10.  Totally worth a side trip if you are in Madison." "Amazing Friday night FISH FRY! I got out a lot for fish fry's in Madison and the surrounding area and this still remains my favorite. I usually get the Cod dinner Can't comment on the food. Drink specials were solid." bluegill are all delecious. Good place for a beer as well. Great view So if you want some good breakfast on the weekend and in the McFarland area...Breach House it is!" "We had dinner at the Beach House on Friday on our way up to northern Wisconsin based on reviews on Yelp.  If you are looking for good fish fry the Beach House has it.  I had the perch which was great _wZTYYL7cutanzAnJUTGMA "We live just down from the Beach House.  We love going there. They are super friendly. We usually do not have to wait to be seated. The weekend breakfasts are the best. Bloody Marys are outstanding. Love the crab cakes eggs Benedict. Yum! Huge portion of walleye with your eggs which is one of my friends favs when they come visit. It is a great local hangout too To sum it all up: if you find yourself looking for breakfast and a little ""hair o' the dog"" in McFarland Wisconsin because ""What happens at the Beach House   Some people even like a bloody mary or vodka and orange served with them.  Anything on the menu is good.  Nice place on the water.  You can come by boat or car.  If you come by boat a nice little ride over to Madison area makes it a fun day." "We love the Beach House.  We come here often.  Food is always good.  Drinks are made by some really awesome people!  Specials are always worth a look. Weekend breakfasts are very popular Excellent dinner. Had a New York Strip steak and Scallops for $22.00 Food was very good and the atmosphere is the classic divey Wisconsin bar. The only way it could be better was if they added outdoor service outdoor bar. We will be back!  but will definitely keep going back. Love being so close to Lake Waubesa and watching the sunsets too." Food and service have always been good.  The seafood dinner was done perfectly. "The Beach house is probably one of our favorite breakfast places. The walleye and eggs are truly a specialty. Their fish fry is also very good and they have a nice view of lake Wabesa. If they expanded food and drinks outside  and we started with pepperjack cheese curds.  Delish!  They had a really nice bite at the end of them from the peppers.  I got the blue gill lake perch combo and my fiancee got the Caribbean salmon.  I know blue gill is a thinner fish "Went here for fish fry with one of my friends and we ended up sitting outside and watching the sunset. Our server was very nice and the food was SOOOO good! I had the fried cod and she had the walleye. We were both impressed and full after the meal. My favorite part - the price - very affordable and you get to pick your sides Stopped here while on a Sunday drive.  Tried sitting outside and the waitress did not make us feel welcomed.  She was rude and careless.  We walked inside to the bar where the bartenders were a lot better.  Unfortunately the same lady came in and started venting about her customers.  Seems like they have enough customers and do not need to be nice anymore.  Too bad because the beer was nice and cold.  Great views too. It was ok - waitress was very good - even with 7:45 Friday night reservations no tables were available and had a very long wait - drunk patron at the bar swearing very loud with the F-bomb and other words and slamming items on the bar - first ordered the salmon special and of course it was already sold out - two of us then ordered the fish fry mine was lukewarm and the other one was cold. Don't plan on going back. "I took my mom and grandma to the Beach House last night for dinner thinking it would be better than getting a Papa Murphy's pizza. There weren't many patrons in the dining room. Our waitress was very short with us  not very crowded yet they insisted we sit crowded next to another pair of people.  Service was slow The restaurant was packed on Saturday night; I'm glad I called in a reservation. Local town folk. Not a huge place but still cozy. The servers were running around and busy but made sure that our table was attended well. Ask for Dee Dee; she's a trip! I'll be back again for more food once the snow has melted to try the other items on the menu."  was not good.  It was cold and tasted very old.  The fries that went along with it were also extremely salty.  A couple people in the group said their food was okay It you're basic bar food.  Nothing more. Great place on the water. Beautiful views. Good fish fry. Very reasonable prices with nice selection of fish and sides. The staff are great!  but the service is slow and the wait staff is not attentive.  Thankfully Bottom line is this is a bar with bar food that tries hard. I'd go back if I was in the neighborhood. It's OK This place was amazing!! The cucumber dill sauce for the salmon was out of this world!!! I've also never had cinnamon butter for my rolls before I came here. A must try if you are near by "This was a good restaurant but the menu has been downgraded to Bar Food  not worth the salt.  We had a horrible experience here last summer. Decided to give a chance again this summer and it's worse!  Not sure how that was possible but it is. Service is slow.  Wait staff is not trained. Steaks are always over done.  Never coming back." Too bad they are closing 9 13 2015. Go visit before then!" The fried walleye and perch are awesome; some of the best fish fry I have had with a too die for tarter sauce.  The service is great and has a comfortable atmosphere. I look forward to returning for brunch again soon.  does the pizza suck.  Every time we went there we spent the rest of the night in the bathroom.  Awful."  friendly bartenders (unlike the *other* Spartan- ahem!) and super pizza.  A little on the smoky side "Spartan Pizza is going smoke-free on March 1 I should also note that the plates for eating pizza are plastic.  This is a ""no frills"" kind of place."  more like home-made) with a great bar with nice   I'm a local and it beats the pants off of Pizza Hut. !!" The pizza is one of a kind and with their unique ranch dressing it is absolutely the best! No room for improvement needed." kind of disappointing pizza The fries were spectacular too... Just waiting to dig into the Mexican pizza and watch some Downton Abbey... Gonna make a B-Day feast dyn-o-mite!" The pizza was good except for the canned mushrooms. I can't stand canned mushrooms on my pizza. Did I say I can't stand canned mushrooms on my pizza. I didn't think anybody used canned mushrooms any more. I don't think it's fresh crust either even though it wasn't bad. Plenty of other pizza places around This is a great family owned restaurant that has terrific pizza and good craft beers. The staff is very friendly and hospitable. Great local establishment. There was no waiting for a table and the staff was very friendly and eager to help."  this is the place to go.  We always get the thin crust because they don't skimp on the toppings Pizza is pretty consistently. Always great service and love the open space. One con is the bathrooms. Please visit Spartan Pizza soon.  but they have a very friendly staff and serve a great Friday night all you can eat fish fry. If you can get past the noise level and the plain and simple accommodations  TV's and Fish fry? you CANNOT beat it... This place is great! (Bit of a drive from downtown madison) but isnt that what Yelp is all about? Seriously It delivers on the name. I stopped in after work for a drink and never tried the food but this is not my kind of place.  super friendly staff.  We stop in at least once a week." And the food is good too."  coleslaw and potato (I always order hashbrowns!) and a choice between fried cod or perch or baked cod. Do yourself a favor and order at least one round of the baked cod! It absolutely melts in your mouth!" Average place.  Average food.  Fried stuff and fried burgers.  Loud.  Rowdy crowd for fish fry.  Much better places around... Unless you like average. "Fish fry was great.  One helping was more than enough.  Crowd a little old for us and I would return later for the money...Please keep in mind clearing machine involves pressing a button and one second of time. Reply was ""can't now"". Waited ten minutes as she walked by me 3 times..Finally told here again we needed to leave...She basically went into a public rant yelling to the bartender to ""give this guy $50""...We just can not justify returning after this experience..Darn A great place for a Friday night fish dinner. The baked fish is my favorite.  The prices are very reasonable with good drink specials. The wait staff is very friendly. Ask for the hash browns with cheese and onions and you won't be disappointed.  They can accommodate large groups and are willing to make special orders.  Give them a try and you will walk away satisfied. I haven't had a Friday night in Wisconsin in quite some time so I was really wanting a good fish fry and Paul's did not disappoint. So good."  clean and spacious. The bathroom was surprisingly clean for a bar so thats a plus. They have a Friday Fish Fry buffet that I might come back for." "This place is so Wisconsin.  I was born and raised in Middleton and finally made it to this place 24 years later.  I recently moved to Chicago and came back to visit my parents for the holidays.  The food isn't much to write home about but the drinks are dirt cheap and the atmosphere is the friendliest around.  I am so proud of and love my Wisconsin roots One of the best fish fry's in the area!  Great drinks and fun atmosphere.  The wait for a Friday fish fry can be a little much if you have young children but well worth it!  quick and tasty food. Large seating area was a little under staffed and the waitresses were really busy  or at least Esser's Best.  What really seals it for me is sometimes the Spotted lines aren't even clean and the beer comes out flat and a bit funky.  Another complaint that I frequently have is some of the bartenders know next to nothing about proper drink mixing.  It is usually the same bartenders that act put upon to even mix a drink as opposed to just grabbing a bottle.  Some of the older bartenders are very good I have yet to try any food or enjoy their volleyball courts but would recommend that anyone interested in a townie atmosphere with the possibility of some excitement to give the place a try. I know I look forward to taking some of my friends to this place to get their opinions of what I like to call Middleton's Best Townie Bar!!!" Overall if your in the area its worth stopping at but nothing spectacular." Nicer than I expected. Great place for trivia. Very good fries.  but this was the worst ""bartending experience"" I have ever encountered! [It was Thanksgiving Eve 6:15 in case the owner manager might read this]. Either I was 1] not a regular or 2]a bother. NEVER again!"  come check this place out and give a nod to the stuffed boar head on the wall  Boar - the truth can hurt."  well made and strong but for some reason I really enjoyed the food. For being bar food it was actually pretty spectacular. Any drink ya like at a cheap price and some cool stuff to look at. Whats not to like? They got big TV's and fast service. (eBay style) A++++++++++++ Great Seller!!!!!! Will do business again!" "Definitely a place I could frequent...nice and open and live blues music every Tuesday night.   Be sure to check out ""Blues and Brews""" "My friends and I stopped here for a few drinks for my birthday. Bartenders were very attentive and made all our drinks to order. Prices were pretty good.  Atmosphere was unique as if it was a log cabin I'd definitely go back." This place is so clean! Love the smoking area. The food is absolutely amazing!!! It is not JUST BAR food it is really great! The staff has always been very friendly as well. Everything was clean and we received table service despite the menu stating orders needed to come through the bar. I don't know if it'd be my scene once the lights go down  prices are good and the staff is always friendly.  The interior reminds me of taverns in northern Wisconsin.  If we lived in Middleton  I really got the feeling that I was in the Dells and not just off a busy street in Middleton. The trivia announcer sits on a little triangular stage in the corner "Best dive bar in Middleton. Lots of TVs if you want to watch sports. A nice deck for summer time. Food is nothing special  etc. cold beer great hamburgers and fries 3 dollar pints people friendly will be back."  and these are perfect for a weekend afternoon.  I would probably return to the Hody more if it weren't for the small inconsistencies in the food and the slight hostile feeling that I sometimes pick up from the regulars Overall it an ok place to go to get a few drinks. Sadly its one of the better bars in Middleton. Not as much of a dive as the Club Tavern or Bristled Boar and not as Towny as Pauls grill ....And if your into older trashy women this place is for you."  but I think you can customize. Otherwise a decent bar with average prices and service. Good TVs and a very local crowd. I think they have small bands on the weekends." Anytime I've gone at night the crowd is a little rough looking and the music is too loud. But going in the early evening or for lunch usually works pretty well." SO CHEAP! Out bill was around $20 for 4 people!?"  partly cuz they advertise half price apps during the game and partly cuz of their presence in 'Madison Cocktail' book.Service was sketchy at best.Waited 10-15 minutes for a beer and then was advised only 'select' apps were half price [2-3 of 16 on menu]?! Hmmm.Also use of the cocktail book was viewed as a nuisance. I say if you sell them readily accept them ...In summary  the beer was not very cold but the prices were ok for the area.  This place needs to place more emphasis on bartenders that are courteous and clean in appearance.   Probably the longest wait for a drink in an unpopulated establishment!!  Tip accordingly"  or some place my mom would hang out. Little disappointed with my beer too. My Spotted Cow tingled as soon as it hit my tongue Went to the Hody bar with some co-workers.  Was having a nice time and the all of the sudden the bar tender came unglued....it was 1:45 and she started screaming at us to leave the bar.  She said she was going to have a nervous breakdown and didn't want to deal with us.  She was screaming.  I didn't want to leave her a tip but my boss was with me and said I should in case she shares tips with the others.  We won't ever go back after being treated so poorly....no wonder we were practically the only customers in the place.  and they always have ""the game"" on. The beer is cheap. In the summer time its always cold from the AC. On weekends it can be hard to attract a bartender as this place always seems to be packed by said locals watching the band. So take it for what is worth."  or maybe we were overdressed or underdressed (unlikely) or maybe we had the wrong haircut. Maybe they only serve locals. There weren't remotely interested in us or our business. It was uncomfortably weird. Wednesday night  but no one even brought us water. After over 5 minutes we left. Their bloodies didn't look that good anyways. Was so perplexing. Wasn't even busy "In my opinion service here has always been sketchy at best.. Stopped in on Christmas Eve [it was the only area place open].. but this time service was outstanding G1qUGBNYNS220jKlPAlFsA Classic neighborhood bar.  Good strong drinks at good prices. I think the bar food is great (try the spudsters!) I love this place because it hasn't changed a bit - the food is still awesome Yummy food! Great service! Family friendly atmosphere! Great Prices! "Quaint little townie spot downtown Middleton.  Nice divey spot for a beer.  Inside smells like old people and moth balls  and rarely stays open past midnight - it's just not that sort of bar. Go across the street to Hody for late-night drinking. Any other time though I would actually give this place a 3.5 if that were possible. I docked it because it has a limited menu with mostly fried food  good flavor. Fries were good. Def will go back and try burgers there." UPDATE: I've spoken with a couple of people that are thinking it may be a fluke that I ended up with frozen patties the time I was there. Apparently they have a machine there that they make their patties with. I'm going to have to revisit in the near future to investigate." A total dive but the burgers are seriously amazing. Bar tenders were friendly and the beer (limited) was cheap.  but I find it endearing.  We've been back a few times now and love going with friends for a casual Friday night.  Great specials (love the Friday fish...but be prepared to eat only fried food).  My all-time favorite is their summer sausage reuben...if you love reubens you cannot go wrong with this jewel!  Fries are always hot and fresh and service is always friendly.  One of Middleton's best kept local secrets!" "Want a burger?  Go here!  Price is a little on the high side for some of their dishes "A bit awkward. Kind of like the snack bar at a summer camp. Very nice people in there and the drinks were good. Decor was lacking Don't go looking for the lobster.  Go for the specials "I love the small town bar feel. Good food  and they like the fish fry on Fridays.  I'll stick to my cheeseburger." I felt like I'd been here before the minute I walked in - the menu and atmosphere were indistinguishable from other taverns I'd been to.  Their tap beer selection was good and its obvious they do a lot of business.  If this is what you are looking for  and really good food--we'll be back!"  this isn't your place.  Madison has plenty of excellent choices in that department.  This place is homey and will serve you a solid burger and fries Great old school bar. Burgers are fantastic. The service is good .the price point is good for Middleton. Will be going back again. The very definition of a Wisconsin bar.  Good food and they make one of the best old fashioneds I've ever had.  I wish they were open on Sundays too.  2 hush puppies and coleslaw.   The meal was better then expected and exceeded expectations.   The Village Green is a traditional Wisconsin Tavern that has great service.   I am looking forward to next Friday already!   I forgot to mention that they have a decent selection of on tap beer.   I tried the Winter Skull  very tasty food and a friendly atmosphere; you cannot go wrong."  and even some kids menu options.  I decided to try their cheese curds (great!) and the friday fish fry.  The hush puppies were too dry.  I'd recommend staying away from those.  The fish was good  keep looking...this is your typical neighborhood tavern and it made me feel like I was back home in the Milwaukee area.  The best burgers in Madison...hands down!  Good fries and cheese curds too...they had a number of other dishes that sounded yummy too.  Super friendly staff.  We will definitely be back!"  a nice selection of local brews on tap and fast friendly service this place is for you." This is an OK place for Friday Night Fish Fry.  My daughter likes the Hush Puppies and Spudsters.  There is no choice of fish - you get deep-fried cod or nothing. The price is reasonable and the waitstaff is friendly. Go soft and juicy burgers!  I dream and crave these burgers.  Basic cheese burger with pickles and they special mustard. Sweet potato fries are out of blunts ." Companion had a Bacon Cheeseburger. She claimed it was tasty... Given companion isn't really a bacon cheeseburger sort of gal  and in the smallest quantity I've ever seen. You can find somewhere better if you're only going for food." This place may not be much to look at but the food is good. We ordered the fish sandwich and the spicy pub chips. The fish sandwich tasted fresh and was cooked well. The pub chips were tasty and the blue cheese sauce that came with it was excellent. They have some good beer on tap to wash it down. I will come here again.  and the dipping sauce had just a bit of kick. Nice beer selection.  Casual  the amount of food for the money is unlike anything I've ever experienced."  casual place. With other places competing with each other who is ""cooler""...Village Green just is without trying. An American and Wisconsin classic. Hope this place sticks around forever." Went there to eat for lunch. I got a salad with a reuben sandwich and my fiancee got the sloppy Joe sandwich and some seafood gumbo. The food was really good and our waitress was really nice and friendly. I would definitely go back to eat here again.  pre-formed tasteless meat pucks would be about right. Locals may love it because it's close and their taste buds are already damaged. I don't know why anyone would go here twice." So disappointed.  Craptastic.  The food isn't fresh. Sandwiches and burgers do not come with fries or anything.  Service was REALLY S-l-o-w and the place had like 3 other people so it wasn't like they were busy.   Atmosphere was awful.  Think your grandparents basement.......  the decor is cool vintage and I've been coming here for 35 years. Great selection of tap beers as well. I can't believe I only have 8 check-in's...I suppose I shouldn't make it egregious because I could probably have 10 more. I had a cheeseburger with American and grilled onions the other day. I had been getting the fish sandwich and I forgot how good this place is. Crispy and crunch outside crust and a perfect medium in the middle. I'd go here everyday but I don't think my cardiologist will let me." Glad to find it in Middleton."  classic Wisconsin bar atmosphere with plenty of wood paneling and no nonsense food.  The burgers are fantastic  and he was correct! Simple but delicious with just the right amount of grease and a LOT of flavor. The burgers were very small though  typical Wisconsin Pub and everyone is friendly and service is great. I always take out of state business visitors there for lunch and now have return visitors always asking to go back to the pub. Highly recommend this place for great food at very reasonable prices." The Village Green restaurant was an excellent experience. I went with a big group of people (most of them intoxicated) but still had a wonderful time. We all got our drinks and food very quickly. My bacon cheeseburger was exquisite. Very good place for a cold Wisconsin evening. Keep it up Village Green I'll see you again in the future. P.S. The cheese curds gave me a semi."  but sure tasty. The spicy (?) pup chips with it were perfect. Great hole in the wall."  but the best seat is at the main bar. With a built in open kitchen and flattop grill to smell the burgers cooking! They have some tasty daily specials too on the menu." Good bar food. The Friday fish fry is hit or miss. Decent tap beer selection. Service is always very good. "Simple local spot with great food and even better service. The wait staff was not only extremely attentive  the positive: Really Great tasting burger. Laid back atmosphere that is not pretentious. Only negative is that it was pricier than I'd expect. $12 and some change for a burger and fries with water."  it was ok.  My biggest problem is that the portions were for ""polite"" people.  I wanted a meatier meal.  My eldest had the Patty Melt Classic burger joint   dive bar that has been around forever and has not changed a bit since I started going there a long time ago.   Prices are great.   Service is excellent.  Burgers are definitely the thing to eat.   Tap list is great (especially for a divey bar in Wisco).  Definitely worth stopping by for a burger and brew if in area.  there's better food at other places.  But Village Green has a unique charm that will invite you back time and time again." Fun place with great service great burgers. I've been coming here for years and was shocked when they started bringing your burger in a plastic basket instead of the piece of wax paper they used to. I was worried they might be getting a bit fancy but nope  but well worth the effort (delicious!!!). My wife and daughter both had double cheeseburgers with bacon and wanted to come back the next day for more! Wait staff very friendly and helpful." If you are in the area I recommend  the Nitty Gritty." My first Fish Fry!  Yum.  And they make Arnold Palmers too! Watched the Packers here. Popular place for birthdays. Good food too... Seemed like a draft of smoke came in when the door opened which was annoying... But overall a great environment.  our bill was over $70. That's US dollars. Before the tip. They charge extra for everything - ranch on the side  and all of them with that gross gooey translucent strip of whatever you get in cheap chicken. Making it worse was the addition of soggy fries and not-as-good-as-I-remembered Gritty sauce. For almost $10 This Nitty Gritty I would have to say is not as good as the downtown madison one and the sole reason is that it is way too small for how many people generally go there. Also their dartboard and such is not well placed and becomes a nuisance when trying to return to the bar for another drink. They have good drink specials and its still got that classic nitty atmosphere but not great... It seemed that everyone there had a birthday celebration in the group.  That's their thing.  I'll go back  I've been here more often than I'd like to admit because they host Team Trivia on Tuesday nights. My boyfriend and I decided to start going somewhere else for trivia when we recently won and got a $40 gift certificate and weren't excited to use it because it meant we'd have to try to consume more of their crappy food. We spent it mostly on booze instead." Delicious pork sandwich with coleslaw and very attentive service at modest prices in a rustic atmosphere  while also getting a very small ice cream sundae at the end.  The burgers were very tasty and cooked as requested. Our server was very good and on top of refills and food came out of the kitchen pretty quick.   I liked the atmosphere in the dining area with tv's mounted throughout the restaurant.  The bar area was not huge  and excellent service. The downside? Because of the birthday popularity (unlimited refills of soda or beer on your birthday) this place is always busy. This isn't always the ""I can't get a table"" busy but it is the loud Meh... short review for posterity sake... bland burgers make me sad.wont be going back... unless its my birthday... then its free right?  and another of my group loved how her steamed veggies were cooked. I did get a mixed drink from a friend and it did come tasting weak watery (I didn't personally order it This meal was a disappointment. There are few places that can pull off a decent burger. You want a great pub burger... Hit the Eastside - go to Players."  actually I didn't even come close to taking more than two bites. I ordered two burgers to go and was unpleasantly surprised when i got home less than 1 mile from The Nitty to an ice cold meal. The burned I think the birthday thing would get annoying after a very short while. I dealt with it for one night. But that could deduct another star if I were a local. Fortunately 6oDZ78JiSKjXVLcurCpnhw Trivia on Tuesdays is pretty fun as well" Good local bar and great staff. I feel like one of the staff every time i am there. Love the Gritty!  friendly environment.  Service is always friendly and prompt.  I have no reservations taking the family there  my friend ordered a veggie burger and the wrong toppings were put on it. It was sent back to the kitchen for correction. We were sitting by the window where you could see the food prep. We saw the cook touch raw meat and then saw them touch my friend's burger. This time Service is great and they always send us coupons. If they put more big screen tvs This place is usually a fave but the recently its been not so good. The food is passable and the service is pretty slow especially on semi-busy nights. It took our party of 6 two hours to get our food.  2016 at 5:30 pm. We ordered our food at 5:40 pm and received it at 6:45 pm! All we ordered was hamburgers and chicken sandwiches. It wasn't even busy and it was on a Wednesday night. We won't be back."  and they have volleyball outside. I've never been impressed with the barstaff. Not exactly running up to greet you and get your order I wouldn't say this is the bar to go if your looking to have a great night but if you want a fun interesting night with some interesting characters make sure you visit."  and the atmosphere was filthy. What more can I say? Ick."  it just takes some time for them to warm up to you.  After my 4th or 5th trip there (again  but everything seemed to go wrong.  Out of sirloin and a certain beer.   Forgot to give us the soup until after the entree arrived.  Fish was average for the price Nj0vQjUYjaa7qbvZlEr2jQ Horrendously managed. Terrible service. Very rude and the managers seem to treat their employees with no respect. The drinks a watery and the tap selection is average. Food is ok but not worth a trip over to this joint. I don't recommend.  I love this place!! The drinks are cheap; I've purchased vodka tonics for $3 and top shelf for $4!  Its never too packed and the bartenders are always beyond friendly.  They probably also have the best bloody mary's  and chaser Ive had for those hair of the dog mornings.  And plus they have a slot machine there that pays out in cash "Do not get involved in their Brewer giveaway nights! No bartender is aware of promotion or rules which are clearly printed on posters.!  Wearing Brewer gear a requirement to win tickets and jersey. Three people in the place with gear on girlfriend edit:  Reminded me she didnt get the salad she ordered and had to ask.  Also noted her old fashioned came w cherries and olives in it I used to love stopping by this place on Taco Mondays. I think you used to get 5 for a dollar at one point and you could get a pitcher of spotted cow for like $9 so you just couldnt beat it. Slowly they started upping the prices etc.. I think they must have gotten a new fish because for the last couple years its had a metallic taste... It's one of those things where they seem to have chose quantity over quality.. My husband and I have enjoyed The Club for years ... and will continue to." "Good place for lunch if you are looking for a burger.  Not a flat little prepackaged slab of meat  but it's a bit too loud to enjoy the performances without blowing out an eardrum.  Do stop-in to see Moose  but over cooks and not very flavorful. Fried chips and onion rings were not good either. They need to turn up their drier because the items were overly crispy but still soggy with grease. They have prime rib and fries challenge that I wanted to try but if the meat comes dry and fries come wet then I'm not going to even risk it."  but I live 1000 miles away now...) Happy  hour at the Club was always my favorite. 75 cent pints of Miller High Life. Not the world's greatest beer  and fun! There's also a new appetizer on the menu that is quite tasty  - spring rolls with a raspberry sauce and a cucumber garlic pepper sauce - just outstanding! Service is friendly  so I cannot comment on that. But the food in the restaurant is absolutely wonderful." Wow!  This place is awful.  Rubber greasy curds. Dirty greasy chicken fingers and very small portions.  Take out order is never correct. Do yourself and your colon a favor and pass  and several TV's to keep up on your sports.  Didn't eat here The food is not so great and neither is the beer on tap. I've felt the repercussions of their dirty tap lines way too many times the next day after one beer or two Probably would have rated a 5 but our waitress could have been a little more attentive (another waitress stepped in and was great). Our fries were a little cold but the scoop of loaded potato salad was awesome! "Visited for the first time for Friday Night Happy Hour.  Admittedly I wasn't sure what I walked in to...the interiors are divey and I didn't have food  it was really good. It's nice that the bar is separate from the dining area. My only complaint is that it was very dark at the salad bar. It was hard to see what I was grabbing. Our waiter was great. Very friendly and funny. We will be back."  but the service left something to be desired. We ordered cheese curds and it took the kitchen 45 minutes to bring them out without an explanation of the delay. Decor was your standard Wisconsin bar  bacon very overcooked and toast dry & tough. How hard is it to screw up breakfast? Have had mostly mixed experiences there. Not again."  which was kind of expected upon entering the dining area after passing by an open door to a supply area which was in complete disarray. Sign told us to seat ourselves. There were 2 other couples in the room  even when the bar is dead. Something new has happened each week we've been there for volleyball that has us scratching our heads. I guess they keep it interesting! Go for the free beer on the first 70 degree day of the year  but don't be mistaken - this is a bar that serves food.  Bar first.  I wouldn't send my parents here  baked to deep fried.  I ordered the standard meal - deep fried cod with pub chips.   The meal came with soup and a build your own salad.  The clam chowder soup was really good with loads of clam meat and veggies.  The salad bar had a wide mix of greens "I am really torn here.  I really thought I liked this place. The food is very good and the atmosphere is welcoming.  I was here again on 9 20; when I returned from the bar to pay my check "The Club Tavern is a diamond in the rough! The food is always good and the chefs specials are always so tasty! One of my favorite ""specials"" was the cinnamon roll pancakes with cream cheese drizzle. Pair it with a bacon Bloody Mary with a beer chaser and your set! Great live music and Moose the owner is always so friendly and remembers his customers. Only downside is the parking is difficult but parking on the street solves that problem." "I totally love this place. Have been going for years. It's a Middleton staple! Great food menu and a nice dining area separate from the bar. As for the bar There you have it.... Give it a try; I think you'll agree...you'll want to come back here just like me"  the sound is terrible.  There is limited table space in the bar in general.  So getting a spot facing the stage is challenging.  You can do it The dining room has seen brighter days.  The floors need to be redone at the next available chance.  But the decorations and stone walls have always been part of the charm of this divey tavern.  The Staff have always been nice and accommodating in the Grill or in the Bar.  I chalk up this spot as a better bar than restaurant but if you keep with the basics ( hamburgers Quantity an quality of food was excellent and the price is just right" Ordered a chicken quesadilla for an app which was really good. Had a hamburger wrap for meal which I didn't care for. The French fries were good though. Crispy and tasty. I guess on Mondays there's no dining room so we sat in the bar. Menu is typical bar food. The problem with our visit was the waitress spilled my side of corn on the ground before setting down food. She told me I was supposed to get a side of corn but she dropped it. She never came to check on us or bring me the corn....which I really corn and would ha e wanted. After a long while we realized she must have left for good! We had to ask the bartender for our check. She was really busy and she looked surprised we needed the check. Seems like our waitress hadn't told her. She was busy and nice... still just took along time. I just can't believe if the waitress spills part of your meal she wouldn't get you a replacement. In fact it was right next to our table so people probably thought I dumped it and didn't pick it up. The corn sat there the whole time we ate our meal. I won't be back.  and aside from the aforementioned incident I haven't had a major problem with quality.  There's a foosball table near the door where I once schooled a plastered townie five games in a row before hubris got the better of me and I was resounding beaten by his girlfriend.  There are outdoor volleyball courts and leagues during the summer.  I'm sure that if I lived near this place I'd probably find it a nice local hangout.  But I don't  and the service is often inexplicably slow. There is one server who is really on her game- Callie  bad service.  The only thing keeping this place in business is their awesome volleyball set up.  Place is trashy... so is the guy whose family owns the place.  If he isn't trashed and offending customers "this place is truly awful. the sole reason I come here is to play volleyball... their outdoor sand courts are the only saving grace. they have a terrible beer selection and the majority of their patrons are complete douchebags (read: fat  Greek burger would have been ok...but who the heck puts olives WITH pits on a burger???  The server happened to check on us right after the pit was bit into and when my friend mentioned to the server that he was just trying to figure out if he cracked a tooth from the pits...she laughed and went ""yeah"".  The potato skins were so dried out they were mostly inedible.  The fries never saw a grain of salt...or any seasoning for that matter.  Our server was nice but kept forgetting about us or had way too many tables.  We waited forever for food because ""the kitchen was backed up"" but the place wasn't even full.  Had to get our own silverware "This is one of my traditional stops when departing from Dane County airport. Food is average. A decent tenderloin steak sandwich would have been greatly improved with a ""bun upgrade"" from a basic hamburger bun to something ""hard rolly or French"". Service on the other hand by Todd was again good  It's definitely a place you go for typical bar food. A little greasy The food was standard bar food.  The chicken nachos were ho-hum.  The sandwiches were tasty." Purchased a groupon for this place.  The service was excellent and the deluxe prime rib sandwich and the chipolte burger were fantastic.  You can bet we will visit again wifalsethout They do a good turkey club I will say that much. Hit the spot for me and I am a picky sandwich guy. The salad bar is not half bad either for just $3 more. Great spot to grab a lunch on the east side for cheap or catch the game I am sure based on the looks of the place. I'd visit more often but being here in San Diego might make that a bit tough.... Clientele are old rigid couples not a very inviting atmosphere food and drink are mediocre. We went here to be able to watch the Bears game and the Packers game one sunday. They found us a seat and made sure we could see both games. The food was decent and the service was ok. It is a good place to go if you want to watch multiple games at once. I wouldn't go there all the time and it won't become my favorite hangout but I'd go back.  screwed up pizza order. Guests from out of town were not happy with anything that transpired"  so it was even on the amount of nachos. (Don't you hate it when you get more nachos than meat and toppings?)"  and a raspberry dressing that is to DIE FOR! They also have an amazing turkey melt. I felt like the service was great and everything was fresh. I have only eaten there during the lunch hour Summer volleyball is great here. Good atmosphere awesome staff. Food and drinks are a little pricey but still delicious. Fun place to relax with friends. "Ate there one time.  If you ask me 20 years from now how many times I've eaten there I guarantee the answer will still be one.  Biggest waste of $28 I've ever spent.  McDonald's next door "Went here for my girls 40th bday.. it was us 4 plus 3 other ppl the entire Friday night. Plus side to it being VERY dead is the Dj played almost all the songs we requested and we were able to dance the night away peacefully !! The bartender was great and hooked us up with lots and lots of olives  wanna have a drink in an old car wash?  Better yet  you'll have a hard time imagining it any other way."  good drinks and food!! Order the wiggie's special!"  and chicken wings for appetizers. All of them came out hot and super crispy and just darn good greasy delicious. I ordered the reubin sandwich  and the food is decent. Want a burger and a beer? You can do much worse than Wilsons. New to Madison and want to catch your favorite team's games? NFL Sunday ticket Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review  although you're basically only going to get something deep fried or grilled up.  Stick with the burger or grab the fish fry... the wings suck  the city's greatest Friday night fish fry. Just don't tell anyone. A lot of people have caught on and Randy raised the prices lately! Albeit only slightly. If Mack is working behind the bar order a ""Mackdriver"" and say goodnight. Yes Super nice people and great food!  If you like huge burritos they have one for you!  Comfort food specials during the week.  Hard not to like Wilsons."  you can get a good bloody mary or just a screw drive with your breakfast.   Tons of great TVs."  big breakfast at a fair price that will definitely help you get over the wreckage from the previous evening.   If Mack is working behind the bar order a ""Mackdriver"".  There truly are TVs everywhere including the restrooms and outdoor smoking area.  This is a great place to watch Packer Badger  Brewer games...but get there early because it fills up and it's sometimes difficult to get a ""ringside"" seat." "Poor food handling practices!!! I was really excited to try this place as the reviews were excellent. Major disappointment! We arrived just before noon and the place was really busy. They were still serving breakfast but we were interested in lunch. We asked our server to see what the lunch menu to see all our options and she seemed annoyed. We ordered a couple of beers and they were prompt but not really cold. While we waited about 30 minutes in order to be able to order lunch  and more.  Food is good - I've had a few ""ok"" meals (that's the only reason I'm giving this place a 4)." "I went to their Friday fish fry with family.  The fish was wonderful and reasonably priced.  The service however was very slow.  It took over an hour from the time we arrived to get our food.  The fish was the best part with fresh cod deep fried.  The fries and roll were nothing special This is not a fine dining experience.  It is simply the best sports bar in Madison without driving to one of the malls." Bloodies and drinks are good and the prices are right. If your looking for a fancy spot this is not it. If your trying to test out a relationship to see if your potential new girlfriend can hang out at local neighborhood bars They have a good selection of beer on tap and in bottles. The bar tenders are always helpful and the prices are extremely reasonable." Horrible service the guy who took our order was an older bigger guy don't know his name but he was extremely rude and the food wasn't really that good. And the guy sets a dirty plate in front of us and leaves it there Avoid this place if possible there are plenty other bars to choose from. I will never be back Fingers crossed the fresh air sticks around as it makes for a much better experience!" Pro tip: if you're going to watch a highly anticipated Wisconsin sporting event Great neighborhood sports bar with lots of TVs tuned to every possible sporting event. Good selection of draft and bottled beers. The Friday Fish Fry and Saturday Prime Rib are really excellent and at a good price. Pool tables too. the servers are kinda rude and uninformed though." The cobb salad was not bad. The avocado dressing that came with it was delicious. And $7 for that? Oh yeah." Good food. Great service.  Ask for Waitress Aimee ~ she was friendly and professional. This incident killed my night and the weekend with my wife constantly checking the bank account. This incident is all that my has been talking about to her friends all weekend long The only downside was the waiter.  He messed up the drink order by bringing a Corona instead of the Blue Moon and included the up sell beans and rice It's a national chain so you pretty much get what you'd expect. I have never had problems with the service and the food is always good. "Had the Santa Fe salad.  Man After a long day of flying I decided to get Chilis To Go. HUGE MISTAKE. It started with them not being able to find my order because they had my name wrong & it went downhill from there. When I got home I found my soup was not in the bag. I opened the box for my entree & the pictures listed was what I found. Never again. Very expensive & the food is terrible.  personable....  I don't think she will be there long.. She will be on to greater things :)"  service & food have always been what you should expect from this chain. Pretty good happy hour specials as well! Cheers!" It's on par if not better than some of the nearby chains. Sometimes not sure of the identity they're going for.  Most things are American but the theme revolves around south west food. I like that they have non typical sides. No complaints. Came in with 3 adults and 4 children. They have kids eat free on Tuesdays which is why we came. I ordered a 6oz sirloin with broccoli. Although it wasn't incredibly filling it tastes good. Prices are reasonable and made affordable for a family with a lot of kids to enjoy a meal out. Love the potatoe soup and chips salsa."  we never received an apology from the manager nor a discount to our bill. We will not return to this Chili's location." Alex the server to go person was AWESOME!  Very nice and took our order with ease. Food was great especially the Southwestern egg rolls!  :-) Food is good. Service is fast and servers are attentive and friendly. Have been going there for years with no complaints. They have many healthy choices to choose from. Today we had the fajitas trio which we split and it was excellent!  The prices are reasonable. Asked for refund heard no response" The server was nice but it was a disappointing meal."  they were tasty. Also ordered the molten chocolate cake dessert to share with my daughter. Whoooo... yummy. Cake part slightly dry We like it because we know what we're going to get. We always get a booth for two in the bar since it is less likely families will seek it out & we feel the servers work harder for you because often customers don't consider eating in the bar when they arrive. Another pro tip -- lunch menu available anytime making it possible for the two of us to get in & out for under $20. Like anywhere we've had our service hiccups over the years but when we're hungry this is always a reliable fall back. Always fresh!  Service is great!  Have never been disappointed!  Reasonably priced and a good variety. Perhaps some day I'll go back and point out the inconsistent apostrophe position in their signage and get punched in the face."  it's a nice enough place if you need to whet your whistle out yonder."  my friend Aaron and I found ourselves on the outskirts of Madison and in need of whiskey.  Luckily the warehouse we were destined for was by Slices' (Slice's Slices).  Boy  great food and the owner is cute as a button. Justin no longer works there but Kimmy and Brian will treat you right. There mixology is beyond reproach. Great fish fry and even better burgers." Go to this bar and grill and you will come back!" My wife and I left at halftime with uneasy stomachs (partly because of the surprisingly large bill). Her assessment of the experience sums it up: ""Boy Very unique place. You shouldn't leave sober or without a new friend." Nice place to go get loaded at night but the owner is a fucking douche bag he was really rude to me  and they also have a pool table and dart board - with a fireplace. Probably a great place in the winter" Nice Townie bar. Cheap drinks. Never super busy. Nice Bartender.  and on this particular occasion a strange man two tables down and across the aisle staring at me and not his dining companion "It's an Applebee's...what do you expect?  Every Applebee's I've ever been to has sticky tables...must be something in how they are made or cleaned.  The shot glass desserts aren't bad The fries are so overly seasoned they are almost impossible to eat without a huge glass of water.  Don't go there." This needs no explanation. Service has always been excellent. usually i go there just by myself but sever always pays a lot of attention to me. I am not a big fan of their steaks - i think they are not tender enough and a bit chewy. but the rest of the menu is amazing! try parmesan shrimp or their pasta bowls. 2 for 20$ including an appetizer - who doesn't love that? thei garlic mashd potatoes loaded with sour cream are very good too.  it's Applebee's...you should already know what to expect." Service was great and quick. Our drinks arrived quick and our server Melissa had honest and accurate suggestions.  She was really friendly and fun!  Only problem was that it was really cold because of the air conditioning.  Otherwise it was a great experience! aoDM2oE3P4dNoFDKRljVkg Do not go here! We will be voiding it like the plague." Food was good.. A little disappointed in my Berry Sangria.. Wish it looked and tasted as good as the picture. Nothing stood out to me tho. I might go back for their cheese sticks tho:) Last time I went I was very disappointed in the service. We had a large group so I can understand it taking a little longer than normal but our server took forever to ask us what we wanted to drink (we were a little later than the rest of the party who already had a drink). Also all the TVs were on a preface channel while there was another game that was actually on. I don't think I'd ever pick to go there again. Will only go if someone else wants to. All in all another nice afternoon at Applebee's."   but not at the top of my list. The food hasn't seemed to change since I've gone here except for less options.  Waiting for a table is common unless you go at really off peak times. Recently got a burger there. Asked for well done  only says ""HEART ATTACK!!!!!""   Thanks Applebee's"  not surprising. Bruschetta sirloin with potatoes was very nice. Staff was obviously stressed but food arrived timely and hot.  Kids thoroughly enjoyed the desserts. Nice array of flat screen televisions JdCFcgw4yk4M1ZRhAhBIag  and it didn't break the bank. Can't ask for anymore."  and will go back for ""tapas"" again!"  I've gotten better quality shrimp from my local grocery store's frozen food dept.  The coleslaw served with it was literally inedible.  Little to no dressing and tasteless.  Service was good though!"  had to wait 50 minutes or so for a takeaway order though and the package it came in leaked with no warning that there was loose sauce in it."  I'm a cook and if I tried to send food out of my kitchen like that my chef would either make me remake the whole meal or fire me for serving  food like that. I'm sorry but when my steak tastes like a tv dinner and looks like one too I have to say something."  maybe a chunk per 10 chips. I asked if they had forgot the brisket and she said she could bring out more if I liked... I liked. So she brings out this plastic cup the size of a jello cup with this liquid in it. Then went on to say that the the cooks usually put 4 to 5 of these on but since the regional manager was there that they had to go by the book and put on 2.  So congratulations Applebee's Note to management: suggest you check some of these reviews.....their is a common thread!!" It seems from other reviews there are a lot of issues with this location. We gave it two shots recently and it didn't meet our expectations. We are pretty patient people and very easy going Andrew is the best. I've been here a few times and he always helps to take care of us.  I believe I have also gotten food poisoning from here. I ate what I could then went to bed shortly after. I woke up at 330am feeling very nauseous. Every hour I was kneeling over the toilet Excellent value with a lot to choose from.   A young lady named Hannah rocked out the service to really upgrade the experience.    Set up is nice where you can pay your bill automatically without having to wait which is a real cool thing when you're in a hurry.      Hannah was really awesome though which brought the rating to 5 stars..   Nothing like fantastic service.   The drinks came out fast and the food came out shortly after..   Bravo Applebee's..  Bravo Hannah...  never going there ever again." What can I say about this place. It was horrible from the get go. It took our sever 7 min before she even acknowledge our table. And then she brought our salads and no silverware. My wife had to get up and get some from the host. A table right next to us got the dinners before us and we ordered before them. It took almost 45 min to get our food. My entree looked like it was under the heat lamp for 20 min. I will never come back to this place. They couldn't pay me enough to eat there  did I mention the incessant flies throughout the establishment? Yeah  but nonetheless it's a great little neighborhood pub with friendly bartenders "Great local pub!  The staff are super friendly.  My favorite menu items are the reuben  old and all. I shall be back there to sample more beer and heckle at Olympic games on a TV screen."  they apologized profusely and hit us up with a free spinach & artichoke dip appetizer. Very sweet." I am so stoked to have found a great fish fry place so close to our house. We will definitely be going back soon."  which I thought was a great price.  The burgers were huge and very tasty along with the cheesecurds and fries.  I will definitely visit this place again next time we're in town." "EXCELLENT tap-beer selection with many microbrews.  EXCELLENT liquor selection as well with lots of flavored vodkas and rums and the like.  Prices are average.  Always a diverse and friendly crowd.  The food is okay.  The pizza is actually pretty delicious  with an emphasis on Wisconsin brews.  It only gets really crowded for trivia nights (Tues and Wed 8-10) but other than that not too bad."  extremely friendly and hard working.  They seem short staffed often but they all run their butts off and there is hardly a wait for anything!  Last night I had the Rueben w  waffle fries and it was delicious!  I would suggest getting a big screen TV for watching the games but what they have works well too!  I love this place  not quite dive-y but pleasantly local. Not unexpected based on the location. Went for the Bell's tap take-over for Mad-Craft-Beer-Week. Wife and I had the fish "Had a great 5 piece perch fish fry with yummy waffle fries.  Good food "I love their friday night fish fry . The price is right and great bluegil and perch. I have to keep going back there. love it! I defeintely recommend fish or even sandwiches Edit: Turns out the fish wasn't so good- ended up being up all night with food poisoning.  Yup I'd come back to try non-fish fry some night." Really nice place. Great beers on tap. I've been to Dexters a couple times now and am in love with one thing about it; the beer selection.  Pretty impressive for a tiny little place.  Each time I've been I've gotten walleye as previously stated there is no superior crappie  as long as you get there at the right time. Great selection of micro brews. Interesting and delicious food. The last time I went in for food and a beer it was lovely. However on previous occasions  7 24.  Tried the pizza burger after someone finally decided to come A. get a drink order after sitting down 5 minutes prior.  B.  Recite the specials off the chalk board because they didn't know what the specials were.  The  burger was ok  as it's walking distance from our house. Fine fish fry and good other offerings. Really kid friendly before 7 (seriously  because that's when the trivia crowd is there and the place is packed to the gills." I love the tap beer selection and all of the entrees we've tried have been great!"  just be prepared for a long wait for both a table and the food but I believe it is worth it... great beer choices that change frequently and we were pleasantly surprised by their sandwiches as well. We went in on an off night (Monday) to watch a football game... We were seated right away and the game atmosphere was great with many televisions so you don't have to worry about where you are seated."  Dexter's is a cool spot that I will continue to frequent!"  we NEVER come here on Fridays after 6pm....forget it.  If you don't mind dining with the Greyhairs....you'll do just fine." "After reading several rave reviews for the fish fry we decided to try this place.  We arrived at 5:30 on a Friday in Lent and knew we were already in trouble when parking was hard to find.  The dining room was packed and we were told there would be an hour wait.  Since we had driven across town Absolutely the best place to get a delicious Reuben and brew fries in town! My favorite dive on the Eastside of Madison.  or Walleye. I went with the fried cod which was absolutely delicious. I couldn't turn down the garlic chili fries or their home made chili. Needless to say I could have used a wheel chair for the way out! It was by far one of the better fish fry joints to go to in town and I will for sure be back. My only complaint with the place was that they don't take reservations and they won't do carry out during lent (due to an overwhelming amount of business) but it's good to see a business that does so much business they have to turn some away."  you won't be disappointed. And if you're looking for a fun place to watch a Badger victory with friends 6 27 13 Met my wife for drinks & dinner at Dexter's Pub.  They have a great tap beer selection (lots of micro brews).  They also have many bourbon and whiskey options.  I opted for a cold and yellow pint of PBR.  I rode my bike after all.  We started with their hummus plate.  We'd recommend you ask them to put the pita on the flat grill vs. having them fried or plain.  We had them plain which was okay.  There were plenty of crisp veggies.  We then shared a catfish po'boy with fries.  The catfish was generous and tasty.  The bread was okay.  The fries were great.  They do a great job for only having a flat grill and a deep fryer. No carry out on Friday nights!?!  I'm new to the area and was looking to trying Dexters Friday fish fry after hearing so many great reviews. Unfortunately I didn't get the chance as they do not provide a carry out option on Friday nights. I was speechless went told this over the phone!  I did try another place (Brothers Three) that was happy to provide carry out to this customer and it was wonderful! "9 27 13 My wife and I stopped in for lunch.  Their catfish po'boy is even more awesome because their bread improved!  They have many great reasons to stop in "The food is great and the craft beers are even better. The staff is very friendly but I docked them two whole stars because the service is very untimely. You will often spend time waiting for what you want They have THE BEST Italian beef sandwich I've found in the 608 and pretty darn near close to Portillo's. Only thing that's slightly off from the hundreds of sandwiches I swallowed back in the windy city - the bread. But that's not enough to make me never want to order it again... in fact I'm thinking about going there tomorrow. The atmosphere leans more neighborhood dive which might not make you say  and seriouslygreatcraftbeerlist. Their beers are all of the cant-pick-up-at-the-gas-station variety and it's worth coming by just for that--the menu diversity is the cherry on top of my craft beer float."  the staff is friendly.  The beer menu is ridiculously long.  Go to Dexter's  but were not disappointed. Service was fast and we had two great beers and our soup before we knew it. One of the best beer lists in town too! Great homemade chips and french onion dip and a locally made pretzel with great dips came next. Smelt fry was great! Very lightly breaded as advertised (nothing like the pre breaded frozen kind) and great tartar sauce. Pizza had great thin crust. We would definitely come back again for many reasons."  I wasn't expecting to fall in love with Dexter's.  I don't think one has to worry about that considering my experience.  Our food was just so...terrible.  I ordered the salmon salad  and it was like sitting there. But without the friendly faces and awesome tap line up." "Still tasty!  This is just an update to say that trivia night is only on Tuesdays now  and plenty of televisions for your viewing pleasure. The staff is always friendly and willing to recommend something." In summary: the fish fry is worth the wait & the Friday night crowd." I love the atmosphere at Dexters.  It's a great mix of people who are friendly and there to enjoy the beer food." The food is pretty mediocre. The pizza is good - they seem to make it fresh. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here had I not lived in the neighborhood at the time. The pub quiz seems to be a good pull on Tuesdays It was a nice cozy place to wind up the end of my work week last night. To be continued..." Also a very friendly and knowledgeable staff."  and awesome beer selection that is always changing."  really. Piss-poor service that warrants nothing more than a single star. Bartenders were great  but now I'm planning to go here every Friday I can! And the beer selection is incredible. Great place with friendly service"  was surprised by the very small portion.  Fish was good though. I tried the shrimp poor boy. The bread was old and not toasted "Love this place.  Easy to feel like a local. Unbelievable how much great food comes out of such a small kitchen. And the beers are always an attraction. Some of the best craft beers in the country on tap. Nick the owner has a great knack for putting some great beers on tap.  One of our favorites. You'll never be disappointed.  The wait is long on Friday nights for fish  as well as a healthy bottled beer selection. Overall a decent experience. But come on if you are out if all the specials take'em down Brother. It's a bit frustration when you are out of half your menu and all of your specials." Went for lunch had the fish fry. Really bad over cooked just bad. Will not ever go back  I think the reason it took me so long to get here was my belief that they were cash only. I can't wait to go back" The only drawback is the wait on Fridays expect an hour plus.  They have a great beer selection to entertain your taste buds while you wait." HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  I can't stop thinking about it. I want to have it again. Today. For lunch. But I'll exhibit some self-control and wait. Maybe I can get there this weekend......." CUOyvYzJvIf-_LjvxhmLdQ "Best fish fry in Madison "I take back what I said about the food being just ""okay"". Last time I was here I had a salmon salad that was incredible. So whatever complaints I had in 2010 no longer stand. I look forward to returning for another tasty meal."  which I felt paired well given the flavor of the brew.  This is my new favorite place on the east side of Madison!!" I'd go back for a drink on the back patio My first time to Dexter's and I would stay away.  Confused and rude staff combined with a dead mouse on the back patio as we first walked in.   We came for the Toppling Goliath tap take over and it was the most unorganized event I have ever been to!  a little tipsy from great mixed drinks and a huge beer selection and wondering when I will get to come back.  The bar staff is very friendly and attentive and I love their new TV screens showing their on tap beers.  The fish fry as mentioned is awesome and their chili fries though a tad on the oily side have incredible flavor.  They have great bloody Mary's but if you ask for spicy be prepared for good spice.  The music is great They need to go back to the old school beer chalk board." "When I lived in the neighborhood I went here a lot because it was convenient. Everything I've tried there has been A-OK. The dining room feels a little bit like a cafeteria  but they have a good selection of good ciders too.  Sadly no gluten-free beers anymore Really is the best fish fry. Try their pretzel the stone mustard and cheese dipping sauces are a must!!! "Still my favorite craft brew and a bite stop! Craft brew selection sometimes a bit on the eclectic side but always interesting. You have to see the very Cool ""live"" beer list! Anything on the menu is good and not your standard pub grub - real food. Try thin crust pizza with bacon sometime - great with some beers!  Good TVs and interesting music always in background." The food never disappoints - the garlic chili fries are the BEST. The fish fry is also worth the wait on a Friday night."  and good.  I'll definitely be back."  but certainly worth the wait.  Enjoy a drink at the bar area and unwind a bit before you're seated." Don't forget to ask for a cupcake!" HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  a few is fine but there were a lot. I'll stick to the fried fish I think next time. Overall  icy chunks. My husband's walleye was not so excellent. Hard & over-fried. Our original waitress never checked back with us after our food was served but my husband did tell another server that the walleye coating was hard & the fish dry. Her reply to him was that she'd would tell Joe on Monday... How does that help my husband? We'd heard rave reviews about this place but not sure we're willing to give it another try based on inconsistent fare." HTplzElel_F_U_qhWuDKdg  and I love their daily food drink specials. They make their dressings and soups from scratch. I feel super lucky that Dexters is my neighborhood tavern!!!"  seemed like a nice neighborhood spot and friendly patrons all enjoying a Friday night  this made the experience very pleasant.!All the people there  eating were equally as pleasant and the breaded cod and walleye "Been to Dexter's a couple of times now. Food is good. Really like the BBLT. Great beer selection. I love the digital beer menu board that tells you good info on the beer  great beer selection (especially love the color coded items!). But "One of the best places to go for craft beers in Madison.  24 tap lines always have a varied selection of craft brews.  They host events regularly with tap takeovers or beer dinners.  This week is craft beer week and they have some of the best lineups of the week.  Even with being slammed the service is good.  The food is excellent.  The garlic-chili fries are a must.  My friend had the BBLT which is a BLT with brisket.  The brisket was more like pot roast "Great craft beer menu. An unexpected gem. I ordered the Catfish po boy Amazing selection of beer and have never had a bad meal there! Highly recommend on Friday night for the fish fry. Good prices on both alcohol and food  delicious Reuben!! I wasn't sure who I was tipping "Regular little bar on the East side- full of ord'nary folks like me.  Good drinks  they serve decent bar food with their burgers some of the best in town (locally sourced fresh ground beef). Bikers and race car enthusiasts rub elbows with the local servers as they all finish heir shifts and end up here. No bands but DJs some Saturdays and karaoke every Sunday night. No cards accepted but they have an ATM. Also a smoker's garage and beer garden (read: cool mega tables and chairs outside)." "Club Lamark has the best shrimp on Friday's..... also great burgers Is it the best burger in Madison? I don't think so. It's not very well seasoned and the massive amount of meat is hard to handle. Is it an adventure in fun townie bar that has good cocktails? Yes."  the price was awesome.  I'd go back if it weren't for the lousy service.  Maybe I should buy  a new Electra-Glide next time I want a taco."  but I will avoid ever going back.  We went to Taco Tuesday and were greeted with horrible service and even worse food.  I did not come here expecting anything nice or classy I can not wait to try their hot ham and cheese.  It comes with two HUGE slices of ham.  They have brunch on Sundays.  I am talking myself down from finding any excuse to go there again." QdSGdvZATzejDkSs435Rdw  juicy and flavorful as always.  They are not trying to dress up the place or make things so fancy.  The truth is Want to like this pub.  Big helpings but so so taste. Some of staff good others could care less.  Seem to cater to regulars mostly.  I would be one if not for crummy staff at times. The sole employee on hand was nice and quite accommodating. The prices are low This is a great place to eat if you are very hungry. Portions are huge and the price is small. First time here was taco Tuesday.  Trust me you only need one. Tacos are huge and taste pretty good. Second time I went I had the bacon cheese burger. Huge burger with tons of bacon. Same person was working both nights. Very friendly and great service. Will be back again.  it was welcoming and clean (with that trait mercifully extending to the bathroom). If you're looking for a Northwoods-like night within Madison city limits  customers. Looks like they have ""regulars"" but don't let that bother you give them a lil conversation and they'll warm right up to you. Again amazing food. We're going to come in for breakfast tomorrow. Can't wait" Kay served the best drinks and the best burger I ever had in my life . Love this place  ever..." Nice country bar.you will not go home hungry and the big bloody Mary is very tasty.they have daily specials and big breakfasts.  and cheap drinks.  Typical WI dive bar with good food." All in all an ok meal for the price. It was not blow me away good like I had heard but I guess they are known for their burgers so that is on my list for next time." Amazing burgers!  Go hungry! Food is reasonably priced and Sunday breakfast is huge! They have long happy hours and drink specials daily. A gem neighborhood bar Small and cozy neighborhood bar!" still a solid 4 star for what it is.."  and we love that he's going out of his way to buy local ingredients and beer. He's got House of Brews on tap even! Unusual fact - the inside of the bathroom stalls are painted with chalkboard paint and have chalk available to write messages. We really don't have complaints at this point. We're excited to try their brunch soon!"  eleven beers and a shot.  Don't ask me why I thought it'd be a good idea for my date and I to drink that much alcohol  but their Friday fish fry is worth going. The perch or walleye is what you should get. Even though it was busy when we were there  and someone standing by the door smiled and asked us to come back soon.  I can't say enough about how friendly everyone here is.  It looks like a burned out biker bar  but it just couldn't stand up to the grease from the meat and the onslaught of fried onions and the juice of tomato. I would recommend it "Really enjoy this place.Cod is still exceptional.Prices up a bit due to cost increase on fish.Service continues to be friendly and attentive.Added bonus  but true fish fry happiness awaits! I have been going to this place for about one year.  The first time we went later around 9 pm or so and a lot of the fish was gone.  I had an amazing hamburger instead  and Ale Asylum.  We took in some of the preseason Packer game One piece of advice: We got there on Friday at 5:15 and it took about 30 minutes for our food to come out. The table next to us had people sit down at about 6:00  and to watch a little bit of the Badger game.  I haven't been to the Villa Tap in years. The place hasn't changed a bit.  Great neighbor hood bar.  The only down fall was--it was a little busy and took a little longer than I would have liked to get me beer.  Other that that great time--tap beer $2.50."  solid food with no frills." If you're from the North or east side and wanna see every washed up coke snorter/asshole from high school this is the place to go... I also had a tasty Bloody Mary my last visit." J2AiPQnKWBxBwc4MMkbH8w "If you are looking for great bar food this is the spot on the NE side of town.  Most people rave about the Friday fish and burgers  but we went at 7:30 p.m.  on a Friday night and with the wait we didn't eat until 9:30 p.m. The wait was just too long and the service did not make up for it. If we did go back it would have to be at 5:30 p.m."  but the shrimp is my go-to for good Friday night eating. Get there early though as the wait after six or so can be VERY long." "Another enjoyable and tasty visit..Tried bluegill this time which was excellent!... Service remains very good.. This really has become my ""go to"" fish fry."  nice crowd. Friendly. A good solid stop on the North side. When you enter  Burgers.  All ridiculous.  Chico seems like a great guy.  Friendly staff.  Amazing bar food.  Amazing."  we found the back porch to be the perfect size for our large-ish group to lay claim to."  head to Mickey's. This is a bar for men and women who work for a living (not that type of work social workers and academics do The drink glasses are huge and they actually make a good drink.  The juke box is awesome.  One pool table with some video poker.  Some of the best sweet and salty bar snacks in the neighborhood.  They also have a free Thanksgiving and Christmas feast.  It is the only bar in the neighborhood that will stay open until two as long as there is one person there...  so I admit I'm missing something but this game was just plain boring in my book. 4 stars for having a functioning (and new!) pinball machine - I bet Walking Dead fans will feel differently than I do about this one."  peppered with semi-pro poker players and and a hanoi-jane pissing target in the urinal.  Swing by the Stop-N-Go on the way out and grab a Sparks.  Quite real."  but if you're a single lady in here don't expect good service from them.  I walked out one night after not being acknowledged (she looked at me when I walked in and immediately sat down) or served within 15 minutes of arriving "The burgers are amazing and ridiculously reasonable! The staff is friendly and attentive. The place is super clean! They do everything right at Players! Good drinks Great bar for Packer games. Free shots for touchdowns. Pot Luck on Packer sunday. Bring a dish to pass. The atmosphere was great. Super sports bar. Service was excellent! As long as your not focused on the food. No credit cards either.  airy bun and a perfectly greasy burger with your choice of cheese and grilled or raw onions. I work nearby and it takes every chubby bone in my body to stop me from going there every day. Food is ready fast Do NOT go here if you are looking for a nice 4 1/2 star place. Not very clean and very loud! So go to this locals joint blue collar bar - have a beer I love this place! I'm new to the area and being an eagles fan I have to go out for most of the games! I'm so glad I discovered this place! Everyone is super friendly and the drinks and food are great! Perfect little sports bar! This will be my little sports home for the time that I am here. Only con (not a problem for me) is it's cash only  but I'm thrilled I did. Honestly used to go here every weekend when I lived in the area. Perry makes one of the best burgers in town. I think they said they get their meat fresh from the willy st co-op every day. So delicious. Then I'd stay and fill up on relatively cheap drinks and catch the Brewers or Bucks game. They have a ton of tv's along with pool "Mary was bartending on a Sat night when three of us stopped in after a show at The Barrymore.  I lost my wallet that night and went back to Player's the next day.  Mary had found my wallet and had it safely stashed with a note for other employees.  Cards "I really dig this place. They are really fun with lots of parlor games and posters from the nineties of girls in Bud Light gear. It's definitely more of a townie bar  is the bomb!!!!! Definitely the best burgers ever!!!  Love love love this crew!!! It's a must do if you are in Madison!!!" large and flavor full burger! Just try and not get it all over yourself. We had a player ho burger and a bacon cheeseburger with cheese curds and l can't say I have had a better burger. The bartender and cook were friendly and in control. I will definitely be back for more."  including the chicken. Stiff drinks served in mason jars.  Look past the odd name and swing by." TLjnOhDnazyPJmI8LqU5-g The large Blatz sign out front is their calling card and the drink is always cold. So prepare for your hangover tomorrow Proceed at your own risk..." This place SUCKS!  Every time I go in here it depresses the shit out of me.  People say it's haunted and I would agree - haunted by degenerates and meth heads.  I always say I'll never go back but that never happens... Their so called ""Wing"" night....what a joke for .25 you get small wings that look like the chicken were diseased and on their death bed or they might just be baby rats."  fun clientele! My favorite place to hang out!" "Oh my gosh this place is great. The bartender is so sweet and remembered my friends' names when they walked in. The pbr was cheap "I can't ask for much more in a small bar than friendly service  and Leather and Lace is good if you like dancing around a lot of people.  Sabbat de Sade is fun for public BDSM. Sometimes there are cool live bands."  so there is a dance floor with not-so-fancy lighting. 3 bars in the back and a little lounge area. Smoking is allowed PS - watch out for the steps when heading towards the back.  I've seen so many people fall face-first over that thing!  =)"  really hate that I reek like an ashtray after going dancing here. I would come here much more frequently if it weren't for the smoke. I hate that in the winter I have to freeze my ass off walking into the place because I don't want to have to get my coat dry-cleaned to get the smoke smell out of it if I brought it in with me." XTGb5b3LBuhWHhJS1xPnQQ Happy to live in a city with a club like this. We came on a tame Sunday night for Naked Girls Reading. It was really fun to do something different from the usual Capitol bar scene. A friend of mine goes to Inferno's many theme nights I love the fact there is a club like this in Madison.  a really quant sitting lounge area and 2 bars. The place is very stylish with great color scheme. The bartenders are very knowledgeable on drinks and friendly and quick. The prices are moderate for drinks. Easy to get to. Easy parking. It seemed very friendly and inviting both times. To bad the inferno isnt in my neighborhood! :)" XTGb5b3LBuhWHhJS1xPnQQ  but the place is great! It has a really nice atmosphere and looks a lot nicer than the clubs I've been to before. The floors weren't sticky and overall the place was actually really clean. I really wasn't expecting that especially since I went to one of the fetish nights. It's a lot smaller than I was expecting. I guess that's probably the difference between clubs in smaller cities and big cities. It's not that big of a deal to me So this chain experience wasn't too bad.  The only thing that sucked was no refill on the bread sticks.  If I'm going to go slummin' at the chain restaurants Now yes I know it is yet another Olive Garden but I really felt it necessary to comment on this location.  I frequent this location when going to my families lake house in Portage.  I must say this location really stands alone.  The staff is outstanding and the service and food is always top notch.  If it was closer to Chicago this staff could easily go and work at any of the top restaurants here in Chicago.  baked in pasta rolls with marinara sauce) and the wife ordered Stuffed Chicken Marsala(Oven-roasted chicken breast stuffed with Italian cheeses and sun-dried tomatoes  salad and breadsticks. we were in and out in 20 min with two bowls of soup each. watch out I'm giving this Olive Garden 5 stars mainly because of the server we had. Matt did a superb job at making sure we had a pleasant meal. I also was amazed at the fact that the parking lot was jam packed and yet we only had to wait 5-10 min to be seated. So ask for Matt when you go for dinner.  salad and soup refills even without us asking for more.  He made us feel like we were in a 5 star restaurant  it's a chain.  Is it top of the line?  No.  But the quality has greatly improved over the years and the service as well.  They handle groups well.  This place is always on the list for my office to have lunch.  I recommend it." "One of the employees stole my sons wallet.  He left it at the table and with in a half hour is disappeared.  The management are not willing to do anything about this and say that it just disappeared and that their employees do not steal.  I have managed restaurants We ordered the salad which is pretty much a given drenched with dressing.  We asked if we could just get a piece of grilled chicken and al dente veggies our waitress said she would check. We never ask for special orders unless its clear that similar options are on the menu. She brought out a chef to hear what we wanted. We were blown away. She cared so much about getting the order right she got a chef out there. To his credit he rocked it. YUM! Grilled chicken & lightly cooked veggies were perfect. We asked our waitress to please let him know how much we appreciated his efforts & how good they were."  I was with a group of 8 people.  It was insanity.  They sat us at two tables which made a weird shape.  A circle and a square?  The ability to converse was difficult.  Our server was so overwhelmed.  He should have had some help.  Then again This chain of restaurants is one of many contributing to American obesity. Quantity vs. quality. ""Unlimited soup "They took the Sausage and Peppers Rustica off the menu once again.... Lame! My friend and I were given 2 different menus We go here all the time. Love the unlimited bread sticks. The food is good and enough so you can have some for lunch tomorrow. And the staff has always been really nice. "If I could not give any stars I would. I called today to try to book a birthday party for my mother's 60th. She loves Olive Garden. The first person who answered didn't know if I could book a room for 20-25 people on a Saturday afternoon. She only knew I COULDNT do a Saturday evening. She said I should talk to the host. I waited on hold for 7 minutes. This was 11:15am on a Saturday. Another girl answers the phone and ask if she can help me. I told her I needed to book a birthday party. She said yeh you need to talk to the host. I said ""ok am I talking to the host?"" She said I was. Ok so what do I need to do to book a room? Well we can reserve a room for you. I asked if there was a fee. She said ""what?"" I asked again if there was a room fee. No there's no room fee. Ok how does the menu work? It's just a regular menu. Or whatever you want. I asked if there was someone I could talk to to get this organized before I show up that day. I'm from Chicago. She said I could talk to her manager. I wait on hold another 5 minutes and Julia answers. Julia says their manager is on a conference call and I should call back later. I won't be calling back later. Thanks." It's good it's a chain restaurant and the service shows that it's a chain restaurant however price is right food's pretty good and the tables are actually big enough for people to sit and dine at lol  sauce and meat. For the price it was good and the portion was large. The booths are a little tight so will sit at a table next time. The food isn't as spicey  as I like but it was ok. Their deserts look very good but didn't have room" Having said these things (and I've spent time in Southern Italy & Sicily) the end result is pretty decent. I was never ashamed of the hundreds of meals I cooked  and the waitress was top notch. But I was boiling right along with the pasta."  I got dumpling soup which was enough to get me to come back. I ended up going back with my boyfriend and getting lasagna and now we go there whenever we can afford it. (It is pretty pricey.) I can definitely say it's my favorite restaurant now. They're breadsticks are also to die for.(;"  leaving the unappetizing plate of fish in yuck sauce in front of me. It took quite a while for him to realize that he'd left it there. Finally he came and got it and finally removed the empty plates from the appetizer and salads. The manager came by and asked about the problem with the fish. When I explained Just one thing....Please turn the lights down or at least point them away from the customers. Way too bright!"  but Olive Garden is basically just Noodles & Company at 3x the cost. While I get a craving for the breadsticks and their popular salad dressing Breadsticks aren't Fazolis but I'm deeply in love with their chicken parmasean  and the chicken dumpling soup.. OMG I'm in heaven. I have been doing the soup and salad here for years. Always good and good service until this trip. The salad had lots of bread cubes and hot peppers and onions but very little lettuce. Not only that but the salad bowl was about one third full for two large guys who were hungry. The server who was new and not very good told us the salads are made in the kitchen at a set amount but could bring us more when we were done. We were done for about fifteen minutes before we saw him again. The soups were not as good either. We tried our usual two and found they were mostly beans and not much else. Our waiter kept asking us if we wanted cheese on our soup and salad even though we had told him at them beginning that neither of us wanted it. He acted like we were new customers on each salad and soup which became annoying. The Olive Garden has always been consistent and pretty good up until now but we will not be going back for a while because of this experience.  she made my friend and I feel completely unwelcome. Food came out quickly but after we were finished we waited and waited for our boxes and bills and then she walked by us and ignored our table. Not only that but when we finally got our boxes she boxed my soup and went to another table before finishing with us. Then we put our checks up and she said absolutely nothing and snatched them away. As servers we always tip 20% or more  but adds some of the best live funk and soul music to be found in the midwest.  Also check out Wednesday nights for the open jam session they have weekly.   Best beer on tap? Moose Drool hands down." Unpretentious Wisconsin-y hangout with good live music.  there are plenty of white-washed established to frequent for the faint of heart. As for the crap tap beer-order a bottle. I for one am thankful that shit-holes like this exist." It's not that bad of a place if you go in at the right time (8 PM).  But be careful you will get hit with a Sublime cover band.  Food is regular bar food and nothing special.  Drinks are cheap and the bar is long there are plenty of places to sit.  There is a pool table and video poker (All Fruit Bonus).  Very Sconnie however a little seedy for the faint of heart.  it is a cool place to check out next door for a drink."  but the free live music is what pulls me in! Drinks are reasonably priced too." "Karaoke on Tuesday night is so fun! i love this unpretentious -4PHmmCt_RmAfaE3sDKW_g  drop your high expectations at the door and you'll be fine. Met some old friends here the other night for karaoke and a birthday celebration for one of us; I hadn't realized they even did karaoke there. The clientele that evening ranged from decidedly shady to incredibly adorable  entertaining and Wanda the bar tender is the best one there (she works Monday Wednesday and Fridays "Another east-side dive bar... not great I had a beer and a very good whisky sour. Looking forward to heading back soon."  but hopefully that says more about how great Madison is than it does about my (potentially) overly-optimistic ratings."  I'm happy that the place is finally open. A welcome addition to the neighborhood." I have high expectations of customer service and Tip Top Tavern failed  especially when we can bike there during warmer months!" All in all I really liked the ambiance (but I'd go early so I can hear better) and appreciate the reasonably priced & yummy options for both vegetarians and carnivores.  I hope they are able to work out the kinks along the way (i.e. Great for those who prefer unique destinations over corporate chains." But I think I'd still rather just go to Mickey's!" The small touches in design elevate the interior from the ordinary in an entirely pleasing way.  Tip Top is a great addition to the neighborhood and I look forward to enjoying it again soon." What I can say is this is my favorite all-around bar. Justin is a good down to earth guy. Even when it's busy he takes time to talk and makes custom drinks. I can definitely say Tip Top has the best mixed drinks in town. Add the tasteful decor and the decent pub food and this is one of the best neighborhood/dive bars in Madison." I came in yesterday with a pretty big group of ten plus we sat on the patio which was very nice. The waitress was very polite and was checking on us pretty consistently :).  This was the first time I had been there since it was redone and I really liked how it looked.  My friend and I tried the Chipotle Chicken and Wild Rice soup it was so delicious even on that very hot day so kudos to that!  I also tried one of the fried pickles with the sauce it came with it was also very good! Had a good time here.  and this sets the bar for us for the balance of our summer Saturday dining trek." They were surprisingly not busy last night probably due to the extensive road work currently happening right in front and all around the building. Now would be a great time to check them out if you haven't  great service and a friendly atmosphere.  Hope you do well Tip Top!" I love Tip Top Tavern's sister restaurant - Lazy Janes - and I would like to come back for brunch.  And  but I think there are better options a few minutes away."  but I hope it gets better because we really like the place. Was kind of embarrassing to have so many issues on my son's first visit "Bar looks great and seems like an excellent addition to Madison's east side. Service was quick and responsive. The items off the regular menu were fine. I had the Seitan Philly (no cheese) and my sister-in-law the Tuna So Gouda. It was the special that was a total dud. My wife and brother both ordered the taco special Cash is King...no credit/debit cards.  Everything is delicious and reasonably priced.  I have made it a point to try everything on their menu.  So far my favorite dish was a ""man maker"" walleye sandwich (Saturday special) with their own in house remoulade sauce.  You will require extra napkins.  The fried pickles are really good too... you may need to get some extra Tip Top sauce.  Bloodies and Brunch on the patio are a must.  They also have several specialty adult beverages... I would highly recommend the Ghost Mary.  The tap list caters to my ever changing palate... with Nitro on tap as well.  Overall Brunch was a few days ago and nearer to memory. I stopped in with a friend who ordered the pastrami hash and I had the veggie benedict. Mint and avocado? Apparently delicious! My only minor complaint on the benedict was that the tomatoes weren't quite ripe  as was the food.   The veggie patty was excellent! I like the coffee bar so that you don't have to wait for someone to refill your cup.   I will go back." But man -- don't go when there's even a chance it will be busy  but two people sitting at the bar or a table will be a-ok. Perhaps a larger group might have trouble hearing each other  it's hard to believe your in the same bar. I really thought they took down a wall or something. I've found the staff friendly and have had many fun conversations at the bar." The bar is cozy and it was a fun place to eat.  We might return just to drink a good beer and eat cheese curds in a nice atmosphere."  the food was good and the prices were very reasonable.  It is cash-only so make sure you have some on hand when you go there. We will definitely be back!" "Let's be honest here.  I like reubens.  Tip Top has best reuben I have had in Madison.  Best.  Here it is folks.  I probably shouldn't let you in on this because that's one less reuben for me.  This bad boy has the perfect balance of thick cut pastrami "Soooo happy to report that our most recent visit Oh and it gets one more star for replacing the old tavern which was mostly a place to buy cocaine and drink yourself to death.  Just the sort of upgrade the neighborhood could use." Not quite sure it was good enough to unseat Quivey's Grove at the ""Tip Top"" of my fish fry list HIGHLY recommend and we will be back!" After my last two very disappointing meals at the bar down the street  and the food is very good.  The cocktail menu is pretty creative too.  We've been there for breakfast on the weekends and dinner and I would recommend both.  Can get a little loud in there when it's rockin' The best. Period.  The best fish fry the best ambience the best drinks.   Simply the best. "We stopped for drinks and ended up eating dinner here. My Rooster was fabulous-- a BLT with a fried egg-- how could it not be delicious?? The service was spotty. At one point we had to go inside and ask someone to come out and take our drink order. The outdoor seating area is really nice Amazing. Such a delish fish fry. The cod is beyond perfect. The atmosphere is unique and cute; an amazing outdoor area. You can't go wrong coming here for drinks and dinner! Very reasonably priced as well!! Al makes a wicked bloody Mary at brunch." "We stopped for drinks and ended up eating dinner here. My Rooster was fabulous-- a BLT with a fried egg-- how could it not be delicious?? The service was spotty. At one point we had to go inside and ask someone to come out and take our drink order. The outdoor seating area is really nice To note:  Parking lot is for three or four cars. But there was ample street parking on the Tuesday evening.  Weekend may be busier but worth a walk/bike in." I hope to see a more extensive menu but the size of the kitchen makes a small menu understandable." No longer dog friendly.  We went there because of the mention on YELP that dogs were welcome but were turned away. Too bad for them! Hoping to stop by for brunch and looking forward to what I hope will be a much better experience.  And next time I will get the cod  let me preface this by saying that this was our first and only trip to this place (also my first ever negative review).  My girlfriend wanted to go to the Black Sheep Bazaar they were having I almost gave it one star so it doesn't become too crowded.  Almost." "My husband and I are new to the neighborhood. This past Saturday my mom and sister were over to help with some much needed yard work so we took them to the Tip Top for dinner as a thank you. There was a funky yard sale type event happening on their patio that we checked out while waiting for our food. I had the Vedge burger What a experience!! We met the owner and friends and it was on from there! Great food drink atmosphere man if you want a good time with people who have the same thinking as you this is the place! Will definitely come back!! JJFoeKZXgi2_LeECDMkkoQ  the ATM charges a $2 fee.  Honestly this really annoys me because it is the servers who end up paying for it.  We left a good tip but I know a lot of people are not going to want to after being charged $2 plus whatever their bank charges just to get $$ to pay for dinner.  Honestly I think it is a greedy policy and they should change it (or do what Jennifer street market does and refund the ATM fee for those who need to use the ATM).  Their servers deserve better."  in a great way!!!  We had the special of the day which was a blue gill sandwich with fresh coleslaw on it- it was excellent.  It's going to be our new date night spot!!!" "Cash only good service not a sports bar people with class mix crowd come here words cant explain very exquisite place to stop by good beer collection on tap felt like home with little culture to it from Washington What a experience!! We met the owner and friends and it was on from there! Great food drink atmosphere man if you want a good time with people who have the same thinking as you this is the place! Will definitely come back!! JJFoeKZXgi2_LeECDMkkoQ  the menu at TT hasn't changed in quite a while. I am sure I'm more sensitive to this because I can frequent this more often than a west-sister "Favorite place for Sunday brunch! Great coffee and Bloody Mary's The only downside is that their cash only Absolutely amazing  food and the best craft brew selection.  Great atmosphere and service.  The Texas Brisket tacos were over the top.  Stopped in on a Monday and enjoyed live music in a cozy beer garden.   Well done Al!  on Madison's underestimated Northside. Service is fast and prompt. I ordered the made to order burger which came with generous toppings and cooked to perfection. My grandma had the Tip Top burger with kettle chips and a delicious homemade onion dip. I had a side of cheese curds that were crispy on the outside Stopped in for lunch with my Daughter.  We had a great time.  Good food and the service was wonderful.  The remodel is very well done.  I'll be back.  but the burgers (veggie and regular) are very good as well. It's bar food at its very best. Hot chips with dipping sauce are good too! There's often bands on the weekends "Some of the best bar food in the state.  Burgers and Pizza are always a fantastic choice.  Entertainment is hit or miss  but we probably wouldn't come back during dinner hour  but some drunk regular yelled at us for ordering from the menu instead of the ""board.""  Unpleasant." KHOHjA8HOcTlFBCtMQFv8A  one half the main bar area and the other a large space with family-style tables where groups gather and bands sometimes play at night.  Here you will find the livers of the pure Madison lifestyle celebrating their lives.  These people are happy and they might just make you happy too." As always a smoke free environment is worth driving to Madison for."  gin & tonics were $3 each on a Friday night." KHOHjA8HOcTlFBCtMQFv8A  and just the right amount of toppings.  The chips were great too... at first.  Though I have to say that they started to feel a bit heavy about half way through.  They're still good You've been warned. You certainly won't catch me sitting at this bar ever again."  it's not worth going there if you're going to encounter hostility when you want something from the bar.  There are too many other fun places to go in Madison for anyone to have to put up with the miserable buzz killing atmosphere that prevails at The ""Harmony""."  attentive staff. Great beers on tap. No snobs and the place has a sense of humor about itself. It's good stuff." Cheers to the Harmony!"  although there is an ATM if you forget to." "The perfect place for the near-east side. Good to very good drinks (depending on the bar tender) and yummy pub food -- especially the walnut burger. It has a workaday feel "Attended Harmony bar to watch the Peoples Brothers Band.  The band was great and I was awarded 3rd place in their costume contest.  I ordered several drinks at this establishment and it was never clear to me what the beer selections were. Regardless I've had some decent experiences here throughout my life.  Many friends work there etc.  Good neighborhood spot.  Solid 7/10 bar food that won't blow your mind.  Some servers and bartenders are nicer than others.  Also this place has some good live music and is somewhat famous for blues acts.  It's a good place to go if you live in the hood but I would skip if if you are visiting. I had a walnut burger coupled with your hot blue cheese chips...it was ok. This is a classic Wisconsin Tavern and I enjoyed watching football at the Harmony.  No bullshit here.  as are the pretzels. Keith and staff do a great job. Plenty of local brews on tap."  but the walnut burger at The Harmony is quite spectacular & totally unique - great flavor This is my neighborhood bar. It is dependable and predictable. My favorite dish is the chicken breast plate with the Asian noodles. The chicken is moist and flavorful every time. I love their homemade chips with blue cheese but I try to steer clear. I always pray that someone else at the table will order them and I can sneak a few . Stolen food has no calories... Really.  but the staff and general feel of the bar (I love the old school jukebox!) makes it 5 stars for me."  better than many restaurants and priced right. You cant go wrong. Under new ownership but this hasn't affected quality. Great blues bar too." Good bar food. Cash only . Seat yourself first come first sere. The walnut burger was decent and had the warm chips and blue cheese dips was not bad . Very cozy place with banquet style seating. Don't waste your time - spend your money at Mickey's Tavern or Crystal Corner instead."  the tables in the main dining area are plastic. They're the exact same tables that you played beer pong on in college. I feel like The Harmony excels in spite of its dive bar atmosphere The Walnut Burger w/ blue cheese and onion rings rock. Alaskan Amber to quench the hirst. This is the first place I go when introducing new people to Madison's east side. It has a great bar atmosphere "Bartenders and clientele not as bad as a fart. Food is good. If you're looking for random stimulating conversation though  we are greeted with a gruff ""ID's?"" that oozed ""we don't  want you here."" I was of age but not planning on drinking. I'd left my ID in the car but this abhorrent ""hospitality"" was enough to make us leave and never come back. I heard from family their food has gone down in quality so I am glad I'm not missing much.  I'll continue recreating my own version of grilled cheese meets Reuben at home." Not fancy but who needs it??"  the music schedule is phenomenal. A steady supply of Madison bands (not nearly enough People Brothers Band) and other acts from around the Midwest. The vibe is always chill Five stars instead of four if only they had a fire grill and not just a flat grill."  but good). Every time I've gone it's been pretty empty and the bar feels a bit dirty (I'm a fan of dive bars but something about this one was a bit too much for me).  Maybe if it had been full I wouldn't have noticed.  While service here has been adequate some of the staff seem to have a very negative attitude towards the customers.  They are generally curt  then they'll give you a number (or not if its not busy) and bring your food to you"  we were going to remove this place off our list of places to go if the food and service wasn't' up to par and now we won't. I hope who ever owns the place now will keep an eye on the food and service so  that us old loyal customers don't give it a thumbs down. That one previous bartender in August is all it takes to start a landslide of customers who will not go back. Hopefully  she is gone or retrained to be nice. Thats all it takes." The bartenders/staff on a Friday night are outstanding. They are in to what they do and that makes a difference having someone that is attentive and friendly. good mix of tap beers (couple IPAs) and cannot go wrong with their pizza. Reasonably priced. one area of improvement when they don't have bands. let the employees be in control of the music. It can get loud in there and be nice to tune out a few loud patrons. They are probably tired of the jukebox selections anyhow. (I am :)Oh also I have seen some stingy people tip there. Come on old folks they are working hard. Change is not acceptable in this day in age!  especially if you're a fan of tequila. It's also one of the few restaurants I know that offers reward points for eating there. All in all  and the kid really likes the burgers." I only like this TGIFriday's.  Their service is very good.  I have never had to wait more then 10 minutes to get a table.  The food there is very good.  Always consistent.  I always usually order their House Sirloin-10oz.  It is always juicy and flavorful.  They always keep sodas and other drinks full and their manager always checks on you to make sure that your experience is a good one.  Keep up the good work!!! "Great food!  Prices are very reasonable for the amount you get.  Always very busy when I've been in  but not enough to hate the place. Just enough to come less frequently. I love their appetizers. The drinks are usually over priced."  this place is pretty decent." Horrible food no flavor I went with my boyfriend he had gotten the boneless buffalo chicken wings and I got the shrimp and chicken pasta and we shared the Mac and cheese appetizer bites he had a couple of bites of my food and on the way home I started feeling sick when we got home he felt the same way and turns out he's got food poising I wouldn't go here again! "Started going here in college with my roommates when they had $5 burger Tuesdays.  Yeah its a chain but they seem to do it right. Menu has the standard fare  really made our experience a great one. He was super attentive and went out of his way to make sure we were happy. Wonderful way to end a girls night with my daughters. Thank you Russ!" Too costly for what you get. 2 thumbs down."   we were informed that we couldn't have a high chair because it would impede the walkway. We were moved to a table with narrow wooden chairs. We expressed concern about using a booster chair since there was no way to secure it. The hostess basically shrugged and walked away. My granddaughter ended up sitting on her knees at the table. I will say that the food was great as always. As we were leaving "Extremely slow drink service. Each drink took about 10 minutes to get to the table. Food was just okay and after all the waiting and poor service we were given a bill of 64 dollars for one app and 4 drinks. My double skky mixer was 12 dollars. Aka a full price single simply doubled I was there last night for dinner while on a trip. The fried green beans were as good as back home and my steak was cooked just as ordered for the sizzling steak and spinach. Bartender suggested a great local beer called spotted cow and gave me a few tips on spots to ck out. Great service!  but was the salad ever bland. At least the lettuce was fresh. Paul Newman's dressing is better. Three tiny croutons on top and flavorless cheese. Meh. Shrimp seemed to have heavy flour breading  with pepper and cayenne to disguise the flour taste. I won't be going back. You want to go chain Food- I order the chicken and shrimp and he ordered the ribs and steak. The food was good for the price but was not mouthwatering." Went for lunch. Had the chicken skewers. Really good  spicy but not too. Partner had shrimp  very good he said and he's a complainer!  Server pleasant and efficient. No complaints  I'll come back...  But it won't be my first choice." Poor quality steak and ribs (the meat was tough and the flavor was blah).  The service was okay and my drinks were kept filled.  The sides were not good at all.  but good god.   Do some market research and at least make an effort to compete."  which is a problem of perception as much as anything. The ""townie"" atmosphere makes you assume your $20 will last all night with change left over. Not nearly true. The times I've been there  they had live music- that was funny. The shuffleboard table is great also." Woody Anne's is not the worst place.  It's also not the best place - a definite dive but also that seedy kinda dive that makes you want to take a shower.  At least it feels that way.  The people are nice - it's not a rough crowd.  So I guess there's really no logic backing my feelings up but I guess that's why they are called feelings.  Happy drinking!  Oh and they have shuffleboard! this place has a shuffleboard table and a nice dive bar ambiance.  Don the weeknight bartender was voted best bartender in Madison by the Isthmus' reader's choice poll. pSYCSXgabSKKJrIEJG-FLQ pSYCSXgabSKKJrIEJG-FLQ  and totally cheap. I love hanging out here." "This is definitely a true Midwest neighborhood type bar! Sadly - those are hard to find when living so close to the capitol so I was very happy when someone brought me here. It's small  veggies and dip and was making them a pizza  and more food that was just for them -  we all got to watch them eat but no sharing with us -  we both had 3 drinks and I played the machines - found this to be very rude - will not go back - he asked us to come for Karaoke but he did not know when it was and after spending money down there - if you are not a regular we felt we did not matter." Pssst. Tiki Bar nights. Limited selection but darned fun with one of the best views in Madison. If you don't believe it then all the more for me! Sunset at the tiki bar is as good as it gets besides the Union! BUT i'm still giving this place 4 stars because the back yard and tiki bar are pretty stellar and they have a sunday brunch that i'd still like to try out. i wouldn't go there for dinner again though "Wednesday night BINGO is a BLAST. My friends and I go every so often and have so much fun. Cheap food & drinks - plus tons of great people watching and of course - the occasional win! Overall - really cheap Thank you for making our daughter and son-in-law's day a success."   the management and staff were so helpful and easy to work with! And the location can't be beat! Beautiful views and  maybe the menu has changed but the fish fry was really good!  The drinks are good and inexpensive and the view of Lake Monona and the capitol were the best.  The place just needs a bit of a facelift and more folks to fill it up.  Epic folks--maybe a new venue for you?" I like the Tiki bar in the back and their food is ok. Mostly like them for their location and view of downtown. "I'm not even sure where to begin. We arrived around 6:30 and were told there would be a 40 minute wait. That quickly turned into an hour and a half. At that point a worker that was not on the clock started clearing tables because he couldn't stand how long they had been sitting there dirty. There were also a bunch of open tables with nobody seated and a list of people that needed to be seated. One of the bartenders seemed super nervous. I asked for the beer list """We'll never go there again"". Literally these are the words we just exchanged after getting home.  Maybe if something about it was good.. The service? No. Terrible. We got our salad Tickets were $40 for all you can eat and certain drinks.  A lot of restaurants here with awesome bites of food.  I only made it through 1 of 3 levels before I got  full.  2 more hours to go so I can work up another appetite...lol. Tickets were $40 for all you can eat and certain drinks.  A lot of restaurants here with awesome bites of food.  I only made it through 1 of 3 levels before I got  full.  2 more hours to go so I can work up another appetite...lol.  It was a but idyl day and awesome event.  I will certainly attend next year.  The event was from 3-6 p.m.  We got there a little after 3 and the parking lot was full.  Had to park across the street down in the neighborhood.  tiki bar and sunset series. They have really improved over the years Perfectly nice place with good food (burgers are charbroiled) and very attentive staff. Lots of windows for looking out at part of the Aldo Leopold/wooded area across the way.  and i got his attention by saying ""hey man i just need an empty glass"" then he walk past me and the empty glasses across from me takes a dudes order who just walked up and grabs a glass after helping him so he oviously heard me." "I eat there every other week if not more often.  Service has been great and one of the best club sandwichs in town.  A lot of tv's to watch the games.  Friends like the burgers  then bring the customer the item that is unlimited.  Ridiculous. Left the bar paying $7 for a small cheeseburger and still feeling incredibly hungry  any burger or the club sandwich.  Happy Hour is 2-for-1's.  I also think it runs 3-7.  Lots of TV's too" The food is ok...but the service is just bad. Either you get a woman squeezed into a junior high schooler's shirt who would rather be somewhere else OR you get a super hyper guy who thinks asking 40 questions about how your day is going is deemed good service....how about just not disappearing for 25 minutes when I need a refill?  friendly bartenders. Lots of options for tap beers and amazing cider beer on tap. Yum! Bloody Mary's were great too and can't wait to get back for the Bloody Mary bar. Overall Sunday breakfast: website says the bar opens at 8am.  Actually opens at 9am on Sunday. The service is terrible. But the bloody bar is fun and they have really good burgers.  the door leading to their outdoor smoking/patio area is obnoxious. We were trying to watch a basketball game and it seemed like every 5 minutes that dang door was slamming like a jet fighter flying by over the speed of sound. AND I was told the Boom Boom sauce was hotter than tobasco sauce NOT EVEN close haha but that is really nothing to scour at. Once again We believe in second chances and may be back again someday  fat and angry. The food is not good; NEVER ORDER THE FRIES! The crowd there  is so-so at best Was lured here on my birthday by their offer of complimentary burger and drink on that special day. Enjoyed burger which came with very good fries.Domestic tap beer and rail drinks included [not wine..] Service was attentive. All in all an above average bar and grill. Horrible service!! Got menus and drinks then after half hour and our drinks were gone and still the waitress hadn't came to get our order so we left.  She was behind the bar talking with staff most of the time while we were waiting. We're looking forward to going back! Nice place with great friendly faces behind the bar!" "The food is good but very very slow. I've been here a few times hoping that it was just a one time thing. Nope. Your order gets taken and then you wait. And wait. And wait. Once your food finally arrives Great place to hang out but unfortunately there is s thing named Lou who patrons the bar and has no problem harassing and putting his hands on women. If management would rid of this bar vermin it would be an even better place to hang out. I have been to the Silver Eagle a few times over the years and it has always been a pretty decent experience. The food is decent but the drinks are always good. Their prices are reasonable as well. It is a very casual environment and the service is always good.  clearly didn't know how to engage in conversation and had an attitude when I asked her if she could put on the Heat vs. Raptors game. It was evident she whispered something about us to another server as she immediately looked over at us. My husband wasn't even asked what he would like to drink and when he acknowledged the bartender for putting the game on she basically ignored him  and was completely expressionless. We refuse to spend our money at an establishment like this. Its no wonder the parking lot was pretty much empty! On to someplace else....thank goodness!" "Love this bar!! I'm surprised I have never reviewed this place because I have been coming here for almost 10 years! My husband gets the Silver Eagle   Burger every we come and I typically get the chicken wrap with grilled chicken. Endless fries are always available. For your birthday you get a free meal and drink for free from a mug that you get to keep. It can be hard to get a table when it is busy I cannot recommed this place for anything other than a drink bQnIKO7S-dox8eUAcSSlqQ  I would deter anyone saying that they were going to this restaurant from going." There is also a lot of booths and stuff for dining and several pool tables. Smokers may like this place because they seem to have an okay outdoor smoking area with tvs out ther and some protection from the elements." I had breakfast here and the experience was clearly better than most of the posts here but they seem to be dinner reviews. Our server was prompt and did not write down any of our four orders. The food came quickly and it was all correct and quite good. It's a little tricky to get hash browns just right. They did. We sat in back were the are four our five tables and two booths and two very nice big tvs. The bar itself had smaller tvs viewable from every stool. The separate enclosed smoking area looks awesome for a January puff. Not fancy. Far from a dive. I would go back. Cold beer.  Great homemade lunches.  Good breakfast.  Service is consistently good.  Comfortable bar.  we saw that she had entered 2 orders of baked cod. That waitress needs 2 things: some training and an order pad. We will be taking our business elsewhere." The brought burger had a hamburger patty with a broad cut in half put on top of the hamburger patty. The bun on the hamburger was very good the hamburger was very good it was just surprising that it wasn't bratwurst meat patty.  rude bartenders. In town visiting family and it's not busy for the game... they ignored me for 15 minutes while sitting right at the bar. The bloody was awful and so asked for something else... they said first thing quick and snappy... well you still have to pay for that. Customer sevice and pleasntless level ZERO. I tip well but yeah... they might get a penny." Pretty good bar food. Service sucked. Rank amateurs. "My partner and I went here on a summer Saturday night around 7:00 and were the only ones bowling.  The bar inside had some customers.  Overall  so that was cool of them. The black light bowling was fun. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them for bowling parties a bit off the beaten track Solid bowling alley. No more no less. The food is exactly what you should expect from bowling alley food (average bar good; the highlight was the pretzel bites). Friendly service.  Good beers (Karbon 4! I love Karbon 4 and you can't get it everywhere). Three stars because it's exactly what it purports to be (a bowling alley) plus bonus star for carrying Karbon 4. Late night Madison is tough when you are hungry.  I saw that this dive bar was packed the night before so we stopped in on a Sunday evening.  The few patrons in the bar were playing metal at full volume.  We all had the Packer Burger which was a big MEH.  Not the worst place I have ever been but I have been to some dumps.  I would not seek the Packer Inn out in the future. Old packer is now chiefs tavern. Cleaned up remodeled.great food and beer! Very clean.  1st time seeing them)  This place is pretty close to my place & I can see myself going more often.  There's something for everyone.  And if you are a girl Don't bother going here to watch the NFL unless you're a Packers fan.  Refused to turn up volume in a room full of Bears fans so we could actually hear the game. Ok crowd. Good place to see concerts. But stupid expensive drinks and the bartenders do not give very good service. I've downgraded this place to only a concert stop. And only then if there is nothing else going on.  the bathrooms - they should put in MORE! There were girls in the men's bathroom waiting to use the stall." No I do not work there. No I do not own anything. I am just someone who has always been treated right. I feel that when a place treats you right. You do the same."  as the atmosphere was great for the game. A bit long of a wait for typical bar food is the only drawback." yrBo3c3OTKVO4H1ttBxadw  but wouldn't make the drive back out there with the service we had." Places like this should be using mystery shoppers to test and improve their service. And this bar is in Madison  equipment etc.  In the past the food was always just bar food. Not terrible but nothing memorable.  I was really pleased that they got a new food partner.  We were there in the middle of the afternoon and the owner cooked our meals and served us.  Awesome burger and fries!  Way better than when I was here 2 years ago.  Keep the Bar Rescue guys out of this place  tater tots or sweet potato fries. The worst thing was the ""punk"" waitress. She handed us menus and then stared at us finally asking If we wanted a drink. When the food arrived we had no silverware and she acted like it was a real chore to go get us some. We had to go steal ketchup from another table. When we were half done eating she tried to clear our plates. We were literally the only ones eating at 5:30 pm on Friday night with 2 people at the bar.  No wonder no one was there "Have been to Pooley's numerous times during trips to state basketball tournaments. The experience had always been good  my FAVE cider and on tap??? Def gained an extra star for that grand idea. First time having the Kipp's Special Personal Pizza....delish! Meat lovers delight for real! Bacon. Ham. Pepperoni.  Sausage.  !!!! It was pretty darn good for less than $10. Awesome sports memorabilia surrounds you and there's plenty of TV screens to go around for every sporting event playing that day. The menu is pretty extensive and there's even a sand volleyball pit in the back. Plenty of room for parking and easy to find. I give it 4 stars only because I don't want to come to a sports bar and see little kids running around.  This is an adult playground  Pooley's gets a win because the bartenders are always kind and a few of them are pinball nuts too."  and did a great job. They should migrate somewhere else Great atmosphere for any sporting event or place to meet some friends. Large open area with plenty of seating and tv's.  tons of sports memorabilia on the walls." Atlantis was totally new to me at this visit but it's a really fun game for any level. Great art  it is B Dubs from now on to watch any sports."  you could play a little scavenger hunt and likely find your team. These things are what saved it from a one star  and games for most ages. Food was tasty service was well above average. Can't wait to go back again." Ordered side salad with blue cheese dressing turns out the blue cheese dressing was made there and they added money to it. wasn't much Blue cheese in it. Not one chunk of blue cheese was found and the serving of dressing that was with the salad very poor. Had a mushroom and Swiss burger the burger was cooked good so where the mushrooms but there was way too much grease dripping off of it that made the buns very very soggy. I've had my fair share of burgers in my time this one was probably the worst I've had in over year. The atmosphere is good and the waitress was exceptional have not tried their appetizers next time I will. There is a pool table starts pinball machines lots of TVs to be able to see the game atmosphere I would give it a five but for the food a one star. for whoever is in charge of the kitchen there they really need to watch kitchen nightmares and Hells kitchen to learn how to cook better and to become challenged just a little bit more to get good food out. Burgers are great.  The wings are off the chain.   BW3 wishes their wings were this good.  Great sauce selection too.  If that is not what you are looking for try the grilled chicken Caesar salad better than a lot of sit down places." Kipps food never fails to impress! Everything on his menu is delicious.  Teriyaki wings were SO GOOD.  they could do a bit better. Some nice local brews including New Glarus. I switched from Hopalicious to Alpha King in a bottle which I was told is very hard to get. They have drink specials every day. Mostly on certain mixed drinks and standard brews like Bud/Bud light. I had their buffalo wings where they give you 8 wings "Previous reviews were spot on with the ""not your average sports bar."". This place has an incredible amount of memorabilia and seems to be a great place to watch a sports game and throw back a few drinks (judging from the amount of Badgers fans present after the game). With that being said; the pizza that my girlfriend and I ordered was terrible! Costing $25... I was expecting something of decent quality "This is THE greatest sports bar I've ever been in. So much memorabilia to see.   Justin was our server today.  Justin was attentive and had a great personality.  Ordered chili "Weak tap beer line up.  Marginal service levels. Cluttered ""sports"" pub.  Take a look at the layers of dust on all the helmets on display - now thats impressive!  Why do people hold gatherings here?!" It's like a sports museum. Great memorabilia. Perfect place to catch a Badger game. Cold beer and good mixers. We had the wings...great homemade blue cheese. Will come back for sure. So are the wings and the chili. The nachos are okay." I've had good experiences here prior so I will not let this one cloud my judgement. I would still come back. However  I liked the memorabilia that is spread across the walls.  A nice craft beer selection and decent bar food (burgers + fries).  Although I was only visiting the area for a few days  but not unpleasantly.  Only complaint was that the fresh diced onion and grated cheese toppers were not refilled after they ran out." Bottom line: don't let the fact that it is next to a strip joint and bumps up to a pretty questionable area chase you away. If you are a diver  Pineapple Upside Down Cake kicks serious ass.  I ended up getting three of 'em and sharing round my group.  The bartender here was super friendly and very attentive." an unpretentious blue collar bar." pitchers of domestic draft beer was $5."  nice place. I like going here because it has a neighborhood bar feeling."  and comfortable for what looks like a dive bar next to a strip club. Actually was built in a self serve car wash structure. With the new owners the place now rocks out with live bands. Check it out cause you won't be disappointed."  my favorite part about this place is the incredible bands that play there several nights a week!!!! The best live music venue in town and half the time there isn't even a cover... How can you beat this?"  the line cook is the most outgoing friendly dude you'd ever meet.  They had the coolest float in the Labor Day parade which makes this the place to be in all of Urbana.  (Not an ugly one in the bunch). Pool tables 30 minutes is just too long to wait for wings and it still didn't look like my order was coming so no thanks.  inexpensive food that is pretty good.  I want to go back!" My search for a good old fashion dive in CU continues..." Good place for come back again." Cool place to hang out. Staff is very friendly and just a great neighborhood bar. Will definitely come back.  awesome drinks.   Amazing entertainment.  We just wish it was closer to our house.  My husband and I always say "My absolute FAV shot is the ***T-Bomb***!   It's Ciclon and Red Bull.  Gotta try it  so you can sit upstairs and watch the crowd from above. Decent music and great wings (i think they still have wing night). Its hard to move through the crowd later so get there early and get to know your bartenders. I fully second the T-Bombs!"  especially from the second floor. The second floor bar tends to be less crowded which equals faster drinks. It can get really crowded so hold onto your friends when wandering around. Good weekly specials Note of caution: it takes forever just to get in since the line gets really long unless you go a little earlier in the night.  Other than that though Drink selection is decent. Come for the unique bar setting I'd never wait in line or pay cover to get inside though..." A couple of minor thoughs:  The second floor of brothers looks down on the dance floor like a giant balcony  the bar wasn't close to capacity but I got stuck waiting in a long line (I don't know why). When I finally got in  your drinks are actually kind of expensive for weekend specials in Champaign.  Going to other bars is nice because you can sit  and all those hilarious 80s/90s songs that you never thought you'd hear again.  There was no dance floor - the whole FLOOR could be a dance floor if you staked out your claim early enough.  You could creepily watch people from the top floor; it was a great place to spy on your ex Cheers to $1 drinks and getting good and drunk for the cost of 2 drinks back home!"  then inside there's a couple of staircases to get up to the 2nd balcony level.  My friends and I have fallen many a time on our way down the stairs.  Oops!" It appears the same though: be prepared for the longest line ever "Can't go wrong with Brothers. Large airy bar that seems to be a great place to catch a game. Not as good as the Iowa location Seriously. Amazing specials on a Saturday night. Friendly bartenders that recommend new and exciting brews/drinks even when the place is crowded. It's hard not to love a place with that kind of attitude!"  and the douchiest douchebags fill Brothers shoulder-to-shoulder. I don't get why people go here just for the wings."  expect cheap drinks... assuming you're able to order them." Never wasting my time at Brother's again." Overpriced and dirty. Never had any good memories from this place. RcHfSp2qCW8DFwpmpuNv4A Just been there once. More like a sports bar and super crowded and not really relaxing. Have no place to stand or sit. Floor s dirty RcHfSp2qCW8DFwpmpuNv4A I like the lofted floor plan here. Beer selection is quite good. Prices not bad. Nothing special though.  this is definitely not it. But if you want somewhere to go and get hammered for less than $20 on a weekend "All time favorite bar on campus! This bar was rated in Playboy (haha) as one of the top campus bars! It's always extremely rowdy I used to bartend there while I was in college "A must try once kind of bar for me. Had a great time here during the day after a bar scramble. Not so great at night when the typical crowd gets there. A little on the pale side for me. But when you get ranked by Playboy as a top college bar I miss Kams and for all you mother scratchers there for the summer  but your 60-year-old father has read about it in Playboy and shouts from the psych building across the street: ""THERE'S KAMS! WOW!"" So then The vomit smell is even there at like 8AM on Tuesday mornings!  When I was in college  despite the fact it imposes a variety of ills on the nearby sidewalk and air. I still don't know how people manage to navigate the miasma with enough strength left to even open the door. I suspect it is facilitated by a uniquely potent protective layer of bright sienna self-tanner You can find cheap drinks with ""attractive"" and coherent people almost anywhere else in Champaign Urbana. LOOK!"  and then take your money to Espresso Royale and give them the business whilst drinking on the sly. Now." RwhUzMEG2tVnZQY9dEuXzw  and went there with some friends my first few weekends there. I definitely learned my lesson and never went back Just get some toilet paper in the ladies room stalls!" Plus someone told me once that a girl got syphilis of the foot from wearing flip flops here."  come here. The only time I'm ever here is during a bar crawl."  or better yet the Union cafeteria on a Friday night...now those people know how to party!  Ever wonder why you can't get laid?  Because you are a NERD"  welcome to KAMS - your personal hell."  bad smells. Recently voted as the best place in Champaign-Urbana to have a one night stand. So Ladies...pass this one up. You can do better!"  til the next good song comes on.  KAMS is always filled with student athletes with the throngs of girls surrounding them.  Drinks are cheap - find a frat guy and he'll buy you drinks all night long in hopes you'll go home with him.  Cheap night out."  but they need to just realize that it has gone down hill very fast in the most recent years. The servers on more than one occasion have been to drunk to serve me let alone be working. & also on more than one occasion someone in my group has stepped in throw up. I will not miss this bar or ever return. Someone needs to mop it every once in awhile. I'll pass on this one & walk the extra half block to firehaus.. or actually id rather walk to any other bar but KAMS."  Kam's is a wonderful place to bring a date or just have a night of wine-drinking."  because they were out of Corona and when will I ever be able to say again that I drank a Ed Hardy beer? (Obviously I am a beer connoisseur.) (It wasn't terrible.) All the games were on  or at least bring a clothes pin for your nose." "Kams. Smells like a hamster cage in serious need of a bedding change. Drinks are totally average Ok. The two stars are because the floors had many sticky diseases on it. WTF? Don't they clean the floors? But the bartenders did make me forget about the nastiness with the strong and cheap drinks. That was the only reason it didn't get one star. I'd go back if I'm in Champaign again. One only imagines how many evenings that end in sexual assaults have started in Kams." (This review also applies to the lesser-known Koms)"  it's probably best that you stay away from that bar altogether.  That about sums up my experience with this staple on-campus venue." "Came here 10 years after my graduation...and not much has changed.  It still smelled like vomit  unless you're looking to meet the most obnoxious people in the whole city when they're in full bar crawl mode."  and poor life decisions. And just when you can't stand it anymore and want to leave Dont go here until someone buys it again its really a piece of shit"  and worst of all floors are infamously covered in some gelatinous sticky muck from spilled beers and god knows what else." One star is too much. I haven't been to Kams since I went to college. I went there for the memories. I told one of the bouncers and he put my group in the VIP line. When I got to the front with my group he acted like he had no idea who I was. This was humiliating at best. Kams sucks and we will never go back.  and most importantly everything that makes no sense to an ordinary human at all."  but we decided to give it a go on our ""reunion"" tour thirty years later.  What a mistake.  It only goes to show that PT Barnum was right and euthanasia may have untapped possibilities.  Grimy Anybody expecting better from a campus bar missed their exit...3 hours north near Evanston..." This place is a hellhole and a sorry excuse for a classic college dive bar." *https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/brain-babble/201501/smells-ring-bells-how-smell-triggers-memories-and-emotions"  it's wall to wall people: so basically a huge fire hazard. Basically it's a college bar Frat boy douchebag feel. Early 2000s Pop remixes. There's a strong smell of vomit throughout the bar. AOGzysBmiU_lQAh6YVxarw  the bathrooms would flood about half way into the night and spill out into the actual bar. It's a little better now  and old napkins which have been ground into a slime. You will be approached by a number of unsavory types. And you will see an exorbitant amount of striped shirts  because I've never heard of them anywhere else. They definitely get the job done. There are old school video games in the back I was pretty stupid when I was 18."  but this place is just horrifically bad. Those that characterize this bar as anything but an unmitigated crap-dungeon are either lying to themselves or have never been to a decent bar."  but the people you'll meet there eventually go on to do some remarkable things! Enjoy your time there... I'd give anything to have it back!"  but that's only because of memories of a floor covered in vomit and backed-up toilet water.  It's much nicer now  2 is plenty with fries) and the ""Godfather"" sandwich (also huge). Drink specials at night are super cheap. I think they have $3 pitchers every night."  which is definitely more worth it than the half for a dollar cheaper or so) and they give you such a big portion that it lasts you days and days and it still tastes so good when you microwave it up!!  Their garlic bread's not the best  i still only politely ask for two and fries.  i don't want anyone to think he's still an asshole.  :)"  if you will). These are seriously the BEST ever. The breading I'm not sure I'd spend a night here drinking Minus one star for the basement bar inspiring claustrophobia that I didn't know I had." iCOvcfVRfi-f05aeqBLpKg "" but the nightlife is mediocre at best.  On Friday night  I still love you Geo's..but you are no longer in my selective 5 star club." Thumbs down!!! Again!!! Unfortunately!!!"  I love the chicken fingers so much I still order from Geovanti's once a month or so.  They're good enough for me to sometimes ignore how bad everything else is."  it's all about the chicken.  I have to knock them a couple stars because they serve everything in styrofoam.  And because the restaurant doesn't have A/C.  You'll probably want to have them deliver."  a just OK band was playing awkward covers (Gin Blossoms? Really?) at absolutely unbelievable volumes. So maybe it's not the bar I would pick first (at least  I wouldn't order this too often or you might die of an heart attack or a clogged artery because these babies are drenched in grease. I mean I feel like this restaurant would be a lot more efficient if they only did Chicken Strips because they wouldn't have to deal with the other bullshit they make."  it was packed and I expected my order of five chicken strips to take maybe at the most 20 minuets. What I didn't expect was for my order to take 40. The worst part was that I saw others who had ordered after me getting served before me. In one case a guy paid 5 bucks to get his order filled earlier than others. To cap it off I asked if I could keep my receipt so I could come back the next day and complain as it had a time stamp of my order. The goon behind the counter told me that I couldn't keep it and he subsequently tore it up in front of me. I don't think I will ever return." TL;DR  Geovanti's has good quality food and I somewhat overreacted in my first review. At 2:00 in the morning I should have expected a long wait and I shouldn't blame the overworked and overwhelmed staff. I will go back and I urge others to go as well." iCOvcfVRfi-f05aeqBLpKg  but this place had delicious as hell chicken fingers. But that's all. Not much else to it." I wonder how many people come in late night stoned with the munchies....."  then the food here is ok and the wait for it won't seem too long. Under those conditions The only downside with this place is you have to be ready for a wait if you're going around dinner time or after the bars close because it gets packed. But at the same time you know it's good if there's a line out the door every night!  I miss you Geovanti's!" best chicken strips of all time. done.  and I've had some of them. And that's about all I have to say about that."  and slower-than-the-second-coming-of-christ delivery. The only thing that kept us coming back was their awesome chicken strips. However  most restaurants have issues and even fail these inspections Honey mustard and BBQ sauce. All day." If you do make your way to Geo's for the chicken strips "I love the chicken strips from here.  They have the best ranch dressing that I have ever had!   I ordered a salad with my chicken strips and was a little disappointed because I asked for no onion and when I opened my salad The chicken strips and honey mustard are what brought me back down from Chicago time and time again. Very happy that these two pieces of gold can be found in Lincoln Park! Rude staff + Amazing food = Dinner and a show. Fights with drunk/stupid customers never get old." Go forth.  Chug a beer.  Join the Mug Club." One standout moment - to the two dudes in head to toe Carhart and stocking caps who obviously selected Scissor Sister's ""Don't Feel Like Dancin'"" from the jukebox  and take in some of the history at the Inn... It's a Champaign institution." 5a8dkjI7yXwmBvBB7XRc2A  legit dive bar still remaining in campustown.  Cheap beer and a small place that isn't always crowded (shocking given its location).  People have since told me that they took out many of the things that made Illini Inn great---pinball machines  but a good one. The Mug Club is fun and makes this dive worth the visit. Chug an Old Style and remember your number to get your Mug Club membership card back. Good stuff."  it's nice that it's an over 21 crowd.  Great location- a campus town secret."  as I remember it was in the triple digits. Going back for at least one beer this weekend before the football game. I post if this perfect dive bar is even close to what it used to be."  the place was as good as I remembered it. A lot of alums with their original mug club cards.  While there were still a lot of students so that the place didn't look like a retirement home You will see me here again for sure." "The one and only place to go for a beer in between periods during Illini hockey games. Far enough away from Green Street that it doesn't see the same crowds "It's not a good bar but that's what's so great about it.  Not many college bars in the Champaign Urbana district have been able to withstand the abominable pseudo pretentiousness of underage patrons wearing their Hawks jerseys and throwback gear while they stumble around incoherently listening to the top 40 soundtrack.  But the inn is entirely untainted.  It may smell sometimes and it may be hard to convince your friends do go there.  But so what  and sadly hasn't been used in decades.  Just came across mine as I was scanning business cards.  I'll need to go back and see if they'll still take it!  Hopefully they don't let anyone else downstairs anymore.  Upstairs  we had a really nice friendly waitress.  So I guess it's about what you'd expect from a chain; sometimes the service is good I know it's just Olive Garden.  I know it's an evil chain restaurant and a glorified McDonalds.  I guess the thing is that it didn't used to be this way.  I think I've heard that they are under new management.  It used to be satisfying in a guilty pleasure flavor overload sort of way and it made you feel sort of ok about it because it deceived you into thinking it was real food.  But now it's not.  The seams are showing.  Quality of service and presentation has gone way down.  Corners are being cut and it shows.  You can tell it is just a fancier Fazoli's and it's really had to pay $25-$30 bucks a person for some sour wine and some microwaved Italian Velveeta in a place that smells like mildew." *If you haven't seen Conan's impression of an Italian grandfather going to Olive Garden or the Conan/Cramer interview about Olive Garden "I have tried this Olive Garden over the several years that it has been in Champaign and not once have I liked ANYTHING.  I don't get why it is so crowded all the time and people are willing to wait a long time just for a table.  The house salad is awful and so are all the soups.  I have tried several items on the menu over the years and I have always felt ripped off because it's so expensive as well as awful.  I try really  had some portabella mushrooms with it and some fresh parsley (to make it appear fresh) though my entre looked like it has been sitting under the hot lights for a good 10 minutes. The salad we got was marginal (I don't get what the big deal is) and the breadsticks seemed like they'd been sitting in the basket for 10 minutes (not so hot)- While our food  wasn't absolutely horrible Great soup and Shrimp caprice. The only reason why I go there.  the experience has always been great.  Let's not forget that every time I went they were offering complimentary wine Jeff was awesome! Made us feel very welcome.  faux-Italian food for people who've never had the real thing and don't know what they're missing." Commercial Italian - had a gift card so needed to use it.  Moderately priced value for what is presented and always something to bring home  nothing.  I had soup & Salad the other person had alfredo.  Not complicated to pour some sauce on the noodles!  Had to ask for drink & salad/bread refils.  Over 2 hours for an average meal.  It's always slow when we go "Overpriced just ""okay"" italian food.  My dinner included overcooked (mushy) pasta and overcooked shrimp...husbands chicken had gross fat and chewy sections.  Not worth the $50 price tag...should have ate at a local joint."  their smoked mozarella fonduta was pretty good. Nothing much to write about the rest of the experience."  when that finally arrived the waiter took our order (some couples combo that included an appetizer). The the size of my drink was quite small so I finished it rather quickly and waited for our server to have another ten minute personal conversation with the table next to ours meanwhile we were still waiting for our breadsticks and salad... After about ten more minutes the waiter showed up with the breadsticks and salad. At that very same time our main entree came out. We sent it back since we had not had our salad or even our appetizers yet. I then ordered another drink. Ten minutes go by while we gnawed on old cold breadsticks and soggy salad still waiting on my drink and our appetizers while intently listening to our waiter recall his hometown antics with the table next to us. Finally the drink and appetizers arrive after about five more minutes We had a gift card and we were crusing through on a road trip. Why not. Alexis was great. She was new. Thought she did well.  the customer service here is what makes this Olive Garden unmatched. I have never been greeted by a more cheerful and enthusiastic wait staff; they genuinely enjoy working there and making pleasant conversation with the diners. I always tip my servers well  and the pasta was salty too. The service and foods don't worth the price." The service was good (even though the waiter was a bit awkward). The restaurant also seems a bit worn compared to other Olive Gardens I've visited."  so far so good. Then our waitress took forever to come to our table and bring our drinks to us. We weren't feeling good about this. Then she brings out the wrong entree for me ( or she put the order in wrong) so we pointed this out. She apologized and took it back and we thought we made a mistake coming here. My fiance didn't want to eat his Take home: Kinda wish I had tipped my server more (I did a bit over 20%). He was wonderful." Very poor quality food. The only bright side of this dinner was the pleasant waitress.  Our pizza was mushy and undercooked. I ordered the chicken toscano and it tasted like straight up balsamic vinegar and the risotto was pretty bad. I couldn't eat it. The description was nothing like the actual entree.  But the staff is really nice. "Extremely poor service !  Waiter always making excuses I have been to this Olive Garden so many times over the years. And this is the first time I was disapointed. Our poor waiter was so over worked. The blond female manager had sent people home and they then got a rush. The funny as heck black bald waiter we had was the best. He handled 10 tables with grin and a joke for each. He was as fast as he could be. The food was okay. But our waier honestly made the visit as good as it was.  but this one seems to have poor service.  The only reason why I keep coming here is for the salad and breadsticks.  I went here for my birthday this past Saturday and it was probably the best service I got and it still wasn't that great.   The wait wasn't as long as usual but that could be cause it's summer.  I wish they let us enjoy our salad longer Check sunday paper for coupons. Unlimited soup and breadstick. Sign up online for the e-club for a free appetizer with the purchase of 2 entrees." I would definitely go back and would recommend to friends... just wait til about 230-300 in afternoon when the craziness dissipates :)"  a meal costs around $20 so it would behoove you to take advantage of the unlimited side items. I gotta say that the breadsticks were the best part of my meal even though it was a bit too salty." Love it!!! Never a bad experience!! We always hope manager Susan Is working!! Food is worth every penny and service is awesome!! "Ask for the peach tea.  Very good.  $12.99 for a meal there and then another meal to take home.  Average pasta with no meat  nothing special. The 2 stars is due to the area. Typically restaurants right off the interstate are in a good neighborhood  we were ready to order our appetizer. Good thing because it took 45 minutes for our smoked mozzarella to come to our table. The other guests seated around us all seemed to have better service and didnt have much of a wait. Our server ignored our requests for refills and more bread sticks and had to be reminded a couple times. Our cups sat empty for most of our meal. Not even 5 minutes after our appetizer (almost and hour into our meal)  she promptly brought them and sent the manager to our table. We explained what happened and we were understanding because the server was relatively new. The manager comped our entire meal. This is not what we were expecting nor wanting...we simply wanted refills. I really appreciate that the manager went above and beyond for the customer." "The little point of sale device on the table was a waste of space and only a way to sell game play time. They are so inn our face saying ""make sure you pay"". I hope they removed these so Olive garden will return to being a nice friendly place to eat instead of money grabber." Food was good but our waitress Keisha S. Was not friendly at all. We had to practically beg for refills. Not to mention 2 of the waiting staff members making out in front of me and other families around. Good food but lacks a family friendly environment. The food wasn't even as bad as I thought it was going to be  I ordered an extra side of shrimp that cost so much and only came with four pieces. (Waiter said it was 8 or 12) My boyfriend ordered spaghetti that had such little sauce that i asked them to recook or toss it. I am usually extremely satisfied with Champaign restaurants but this visit was pitiful."  but we were having a crap day and needed a comfortable setting where everybody could order something they would like and then turns out we had a really great experience with professional  and upbeat servers (Jade too!)."  service is nice welcoming. Foods are cheesy and tasty. You should definitely get both starter and desserts and share"  bcus we felt right at home and she was very knowledgeable about their wines and specials. She never made us feel like we were in a rush to leave. My five stars go to her! Thank you Shay for your amazing customer service! :)" "The review is only in regard to the service from the waitress Shay. At least I think her name was Shay... She was mumbling the entire time. She started off the conversation by discussing how bad her day was and that it was worse than hell. I asked for my salad with no olives My girlfriend and I always have great service and food here. A good escape. Thanks Olive Garden. 9. Bathrooms at this restroom needs attention" "I went here on a tour today with 13 children from kindergarten through 5th grade. Susan and Gino were SO incredibly amazing with the kids and the children had the time of their lives! Susan and Gino went above and beyond to make sure the kids had everything they needed and had a memorable trip to Olive Garden.  The kids loved seeing the freezer  but the unlimited crispy and buttery breadsticks facilitated our short tempered patience with the food. (Side note: the breadsticks were freaking beautiful; inside and out.) So after those 20 blissful minutes with the breadsticks  but without a heavy Illini feel.  I first started going because I was underage and they didn't card way back when  especially if there is a good game on! The food is awesome too for bar food. They have a great chicken sandwich with french fries. Add a tastey Guiness to complete your meal!"  and an institution at the U of I.  They've expanded so now there's more room to groove. Great-tasting burgers.  A bit on the small side "Best burger and fries in town  and the number of 14 year olds skanks less overwhelming than anywhere else on campus (except firehaus I went back to campus a few years ago and found they had expanded - it's a little disconcerting I still have dreams of Wednesday lunch.  Bacon Mega Cheeseburger and Fries for $4.  I would give my left arm for a Murphy Burger on some days.  and I thought it was the greatest bar ever at the time. However What could really improve this place is better music.  The jukebox is too susceptible to people with bad music tastes.  Also Go there on a weeknight to get the optimal experience."  do they? They just come for the booze. They serve the typical junk food and it is very crowded during the weekends. They have a few specials too There are plenty of booths and tables to sit and play some cards (drinking may or may not accompany said card games...)  Overall  good strong drinks (if you know the bartenders) and decent specials. After 12 there are definitely lines Thursday-Saturday nights If you go here stick with weekdays. On weekdays it's actually a pretty nice place to hang out with friends."  they were delicious. Their burgers made me real sick once but I got over it. If I'm going to a campus bar The specials here are also pretty sweet - yay for logo glass night.  Overall  including $1.50 pints of Point on Fridays.  The teriyaki chicken sandwich is average (a little too heavy on the teriyaki)  good drink specials. More casual than some of the other Green St. bars."  and Irish Nachos are awesome." Decent drinks + chill atmosphere + Irish Nachos (oh God yes) + lack of sketchy people grinding on you = WIN.  you need to get their early. Sometimes the jukebox leads to very questionable music."  but anything more than a polo shirt would be over-dressed for guys."  and the grimy feel of the bar is palatable after a drink or two.  One caveat: they have the nastiest--nastiest bathroom.  It's hideous.  Ugh."  yumm!  The fries has got to be the most deep fried small pieces of actual potato heaven I ever had and $3 pints of Guinness drafts."  great specials on drinks. ($2 Woodchuck Thursdays!)"  we'd go when the bacon cheeseburgers were on special - OMG so yummy and incredibly greasy.  They also have loaded waffle fries that are awesome."  on Thursdays you can pay 4.50 for a beer and get a glass. Then refills of said beer are only 2.50! Pretty sick. The next thing I've got to try here is the food. Also You can't call your bar-hop night a barcrawl if you don't stop here. The food is good  they make their money on all the younger students going out partying on weekends.  I head to downtown champaign for the weekends."  this bar is chill and fun at the same time. It's not as chill as Legends (granted Legends may have more seating) but I don't think you'll get the same experience when comparing the bars." "Thursday $2 any pint and they have two brothers (and dead guy) on tap? Yesssss. Also their fries are probably the best on Green St and their burgers ain't too shabby either. The only thing I can't understand is the ridiculously long line to get in after 9pm  you can count me in as a fan. The expansion has made it much easier to walk around the bar on the weekend nights when everyone is cramming in. Finding seating is less of a rat race  it's an institution here at the U of I. You can get cheap brewskis and cheap burgers and neither are bad. It's usually crowded Thursdays so I try to keep away."  this is as good as it gets. A great place to gather with a small group of friends and drink some beer."  which is kind of a bummer if you want Irish nachos on game-day because it's not on the menu.  The jukebox is great (every fricking song by The Black Keys can be found on there) and there are loads of flat screens to catch whatever game is on.  If you get there early  definitely hit up this place! It's a cherished favorite."  this is a good location for lunch. The late afternoon and evening hours will be a little louder." "I miss me a big ole' Murphy Burger with Bacon and Cheddar  and average joes. The beers on tap are always good and remain pretty simple. They always have specials too  so I may be partial.  The food isn't anything to fawn over but is good (and cheap) enough to wash down with a beer."  so I have no idea if that took care of some of the overcrowding problems.  I sincerely doubt it did anything about the disgusting sticky floors."  from when it was a little campus bar to its current ever-expanding state.  Can't beat Wednesday night - Bacon Mega Cheeseburger special night.  Usually good fries  not with all the other places in town now where you can get some good eats."  but fries come free with any sandwich on Sundays I think. I find it odd that your order from a window "" like 10 other people already did that so you might not hear your songs at all.  And you'll probably have to sit through a lot of stupid crap that other people picked out before you get to any good music.  I guess it just depends on the crowd.  Either way  you can still have a conversation with the person next to you. If you are here for food  as do the loyal community of regulars who hang out here.   My only wish for the place is that the bartenders would know a bit more about what beers they serve.  When I asked what they had on tap (expecting to be handed a beer list) the bartender responded: ""I don't know...We have a lot""."  definitely get the Irish nachos sometime.  There really isn't anything Irish about them  fry and beer.  You can't go wrong.  Fries are great!"  but I'm wondering what the differences are in color for the bar tabs." This is a great place to just chill whether it with friends or if you just failed an exam and you need a drank lol. They have great drink deals and good food too. I recommend trying the Irish nachos. They have different specials everyday too. "The Murph!  Great atmosphere and so many memories.  Our favorite place to go for logo nights on Wednesdays and the bar we always come back to when we return to Champaign.  There's usually a mixed crowd  I highly advise you to pass this place up." "Its basically the ""How I met Your Mother Bar"" A place where you go to sit I have nothing but the fondest memories of Murphy's Pub. There's nothing ritzy about it  but not really outstanding. I also feel like this place goes through an identity crisis with its loud blaring music that can shift from club music to country music (electronic jukebox-style). Don't come here if you expect to watch a sports event of some sort  I ordered Irish Nachos without bacon (because I'm vegetarian). The order (which is just fries with cheese and nacho toppings) took an hour. Once I got my order "The first rating was over-generous.  It's still good Thursdays are phenomenal because it's $2 pints. Any pint for just $2. You'll never beat that. I hear they may have upped it to $2.50 but that's a good variety of decent quality pints for just $2.50. Go out with a $10 bill and you'll have an awesome night. That simple  and when I returned recently it was just the same as I remember it. It's a divey atmosphere so they almost never have cover (only on Homecoming weekend and the like) and the vibe is very relaxed. Old school high top tables and wooden booths have been etched and written on until there's very little left of the original finish thank god i love this place. except the servers. and not all are bad  the memories make the place and thats pretty much how Murphys survives."  but it's my favorite place in Campustown and a really good bar overall." One of my favorite places to have a beer in Champaign.  Usually good drink specials and a good juke box.  Irish Nachos are a must if you're hungry!  and the pub is the  cleanest on campus." "I LOVE Murphy's! It has a great campus bar feel. Its a perfect location for campus for in between classes. A beer for everyone here because their draft list is extensive. My bartender was helpful and super nice! Would definitely recommend anyone to come here for lunch used to go before we hit the club. Nice to have a large group and sit down and shout out conversations. I remembered thursday is like an unofficial international day. Heard they had good fries; I always look for a nice pub when visiting different cities. I saw this while walking on campus and decided to check it out.... Staff not friendly or sociable... Maybe it's because Im from the south and use to hospitality ....but damn how about a smile and a conversation I WAS ONLY PERSON at the bar.. I even tried to get a convo going... I know my opinion isn't going to close the bar but as a former bartender who OWNs a company now .... Customer Service is what will make you $$$.  cheap and fun. This is always a good place to have a beer after a long day working  beers good enough for a campus bar. Exactly what you expect." Skip it and save yourself a possible trip to the dentist." Nice bar to grab food and a beer at. Service from bartenders is mediocre. Atmosphere is Irish-feeling but feels kinda meh nice selection of beer and they have Green Line on tap! the bartender who was there when we went was great at recommendations for all different tastes. cheap prices and a cool divey feel. Murphy's Pub is an awesome place to be any day or night of the week. The food and drink selections are great and fairly priced. The pub has several billiards tables  2 stars for food quality and 1 for service. The female bartender that took our lunch order had ZERO personality. They make you pay up front for your food. Every time I said ""Thank-you"" to the bartender Dropped in on a Saturday afternoon and the place was empty. We sat at a table by the bar and the bartender said we have no servers so you have to order here. We looked at the menu and standard bar food nothing different than others. Being Saturday and plenty of college games on but just not happening here. Most likely a lively place later and could be decent to hang. Just did not work this time. "What a shit hole! Came here for a drink and a burger and I never made it that far. It was almost 4 in the afternoon and I sat at a pub table. My sleeve got stuck to the table. A voice came from behind the bar that said. If you want drinks or food A great place to have a good beer. And you must try the Irish Nachos if you go there. Some reviewers seem not to like ordering at the bar. Boo hoo it's not like a long walk. Classic campus bar.  and frankly seems kind of dead. Beer deals are decent and pub food is very standard. The bar is huge however "Solid burger and fries for cheap. Good beer selection for campus town and reasonably priced. Overall "Old people on the college strip had a blast Food: Food service is poor though the food is fairly good. We waited an unusually long time for two burgers. We began to think something was wrong so we peeked into the kitchen (after asking a server and having to wait more) and it looked like the cook was cooking away... And then he ate the food. I get it... If I were working all night I'd get hungry too. But it's kind of strange delaying orders for an absurdly long time so that the cook can prepare and eat food from scratch." "Great Service this morning and my Aunt left her wallet there and they kept it all safe One of the 2 best bars on campus (the other being Legend's). This place is always low key and not one of the crazy loud bars all the underclassmen go to. You can usually find a place to sit down and the tables have years of writing carved into them.  this place was alright. I was excited to see that they had spicy cheese bites which thrilled me because growing up in Wisconsin consuming cheese curds while at the bar is a must. These were a rendition of the cheese curd but a very sub par one. The cheese inside was not hot enough so the cheese didn't squish out when eating them  go for it!  If you want something a bit more upscale with servers and non-bar food "Five stars is probably due to some heavy nostalgia sentiment for me. My friends went to Murphy's for each and every one of our 21st birthdays for that first drink. Always had a great time. Beyond that  but not the most comfortable bar. Good deals. A bit crowded. still a good memory of being where my first legal US drink was. Great owner."  for what it is?  Perfect."  there is only one thing you should really order at Murphy's and that is the Irish Nachos. Waffle fries covered in cheese  a good time and I'll definitely be back." Great bar for hanging out with colleagues. Just have to get over the employee with Ramen-like hair who kept on yelling jibberish for no apparent reason I can't attest to the food since we came strictly to drink Love this place and it will always have a special place in my heart forever being a graduate from UIUC. There still killing the Irish nachos. "A great local dive bar. The place is interesting and has a comfortable low key feel. I'll never forget going into the place on Halloween a few years back and seeing the bartender dressed as the bee girl from the Blind Melon video  a quick wit and a kindness that comes across right away. I can definitely see this as a place to go back to."  and you make me happy."  and it has not been updated either.  Still an interesting and fun place for a visit every once in a while  but it's a great little stop on impromptu pub crawls  a bit outside the box? stop in. Are you a douche? eh  but I expect the beer to be good.  The Brass Rail is a diaper.  I ordered a PBR draft and it was easily the skunkiest beer I have ever tasted:  creamy at first "I always end up being dragged here and I don't know why! The beer selection & seating are virtually non existent. Oh yeah  which actually makes it incredibly special in its own right.  If you're looking for a crowd or somewhere that offers an copious selection of beer and liquors I did feel like kind of a loser for going in there since it's always so empty."  but not a nightmare either."  but the clientele and I hate to say it Even though no one else likes this place.. I'm a big fan! Can we say cheap but super yummy mojitos? And a nice ambiance for a Saturday night! I can actually hear people talk without having to sit two cms away from them or having to shout. How awesome is that? this is the chill bar that I've been looking for..  Who wants to deal with the pretentious crowd across the street at Boltinis anyway? I'll still give you another try We immediately notified the bartender who then mopped up the vomit with a dirty looking rag and declared the table good as new for incoming patrons.  Needless to say 6X7vAFv-Xj1TPcrJK7H2Eg  but the grime is too much for me.  Even downstairs.  I went up stairs for the first time last night  and to see the newest and most up n coming bands before they hit the real stages in town.  And what's more:  No one's Beer Garden even comes close to being as good as Mike N Molly's.  Not even in the realm. This place is grand."  you'll find me at the end of the bar chatting with friends when I'm back in Champaign."  there is a cover charge (a whopping $1) on nights without live music.  Makes up for the cheap beer  off-the-beaten path spot.  AWESOME beer garden.  Nothing beats it on a summer night with a group of friends." Mike & Molly's does tend to get busy late (around 1:30 -1:45am) but otherwise its generally possible to walk in with your party and get a table to sit at.    The staff is friendly and at the right times (when there not 10 people in line behind you) they are willing to help you find a beer on the menu that you might enjoy." They have drink specials Sunday - Thursday  so take my five stars with a grain of salt.  My partner just sleepily informed me that it's definitely a four star bar because it's too small inside  the best part is that it runs from cheap to expensive so you can drink what you can afford depending on the night. The place has a good dive feel  my friends and I were at Mike and Molly's drinking for about 2 hours when we were approached and asked to pay a cover charge for the punk-indie band that was about to take the stage.  Not only was the band horrendous  there's still karaoke after! (And ever since someone performed Just a Gigolo 6X7vAFv-Xj1TPcrJK7H2Eg  but it's as good as Champaign gets if you're looking for a beer garden."  especially with shows happening. It's also nice that they have karaoke and all kinds of board games laying around. It's a very casual and chill atmosphere Great staff and selection.  The atmosphere is casual and vey relaxed. Great hang. They have a lot to offer! Check this place out."  this bar does have a weakness if you spend an entire evening settled in at the bar---it's the last gasp stop for local hipsters to hook up.  It's can be quiet all night My only gripe is that the beer garden could use better lighting."  probably. It gave me so many really crucial memories and I guarantee it will do so for you as well. I will always stop in here if I am in town. I came of age here in many ways. I blame all the drinking I did here as a 25-year old for keeping me so youthful now that I'm 30." Their beer garden is roomy and secluded Tl2Gw7MX0srZ-S0W_lCiwA Overall a nice place to relax and have some good beers with friends. It is a good place to see some live music as well (on the right night). While not my go to place in Champaign I came to Mike N Molly's to see a relative play in his band. I got there late and there was no seating. Across the street a building wall  is painted in chalkboard paint and people are allowed to draw pictures and write whatever they want. I liked that there was no cover charge.  and it's a really great venue for it; off the main road with lots of space so you don't feel crowded. This is a great spot for spring and summer."  I love it here. Staff is extremley welcoming and if I need help finding a beer they always go out of their way to make sure I get what I want. Mondays and Tuesdays are my favorite  it's a perfect size intimate room for a great rock n roll show!  Keep up the good work Mike N Molly's!" "This place is ideal in the summer when there are outdoor shows. They also have a decent selection of beer and liquor. They don't serve food which can be annoying for an early evening show. Also  I've really enjoyed the comedy nights and the music. And just tonight had a very nice exchange with the owner who really went out of his way to make me feel at home.  It was cold as f**k outside  or other large gatherings - they do events as well.  The sandwiches and burgers are very heavy and caloric.  Beer and wine selection are not huge."  darts and of course very big TV's. If you can't make it to a football game or want to watch the Illini basketball team win this is the place to go. The food is pretty good too!"  or perfect ambiance for quiet conversation and an American meal. Tons of food for the money. The parking lot is riddled with deep pot holes  and usually pretty good servers.  Lots of eye candy abounds.  My usual place to watch sports.  Former Coke bottling plant building in town  as they have CLOSED due to the emergence of downtown Champaign as the nightspot of choice (to paraphrase the News-Gazette article that announced the closure)."  which was really weird (my friend always gets handed the bill when we go out together since he is a man and I am a woman if you want to sit in the bar you can go right ahead. A waiter or waitress usually comes in a minute or less with addicting chips and salsa. The food there is not anything great and not authentic but if your wanting to go to a bar and grill such as chilis or outback i would go to chevys instead.  they were pretty good - tasted way more fresh than the chips at El Toro/Dos Reales.  I ordered a steak quesadilla and it was huge and awesome.  I've been craving another one ever since we went!  My husband got something called the Chevy spread?  I dunno  and the sweet corn tamalito that came with my meal was great."  very reasonable prices and a terrific tequila selection makes this a good choice for everyone  the best chips and salsa I've had at any Mexican restaurant. I would love to buy a tub of that salsa. All of the menu items I've tried there have been amazing. I usually go for the enchiladas The service was as good as it possibly could have been. You could tell the servers did not like working there. Our server didn't bring us the check. He had the busser/dishwasher bring us the check. I don't blame him. Honestly  and one of the items is a chicken flauta with a jalapeno jelly sauce.  That sauce is awesome." Great guacamole and salsa. The tacos were great. So much better than La fiesta. Fast and Friendly service. They also have a tortilla maker as well. Pretty neat. Bummer Chevy's... I wanted to like you." The only thing that seems to have stayed the same is the sweet corn tomalito ....why go here when you could drive a mile and go to Dos Reales?"  but Chevy's is getting harder and harder to find around here and IMO they're one of the few chain restaurants worth seeking out." "Business is closed as of the end of November 2011.  The only other ones I know of are the one near Woodfield Mall in Schaumburg and maybe the one that was in Bloomington wZ2B3_9CiWUQCd6hS156Tw  this was my destination of choice.  now i thoroughly enjoy the greek wrap minus the chicken and still feel i have consumed enough oil to be guilty.  the fries are awesome too.  good university crowd to go along with all the university memorabelia on the walls.  nice staff primarily made up of college kids from the suburbs who always seem to smile and do their jobs well.  the fish sandwich still exists on fridays but i just haven't been able to bring myself to consume one..."  so highly recommend you hit it up before 7pm if you are looking to actually eat real food in a restaurant atmosphere." "" but I've never had it.  I wouldn't be surprised if it were worth trying."  but there are lines anywhere at that time of night. Thinking about Legends brings back so many college memories...tear. It's always wheel chair accessible which is great. There's few places on campus that are. Yay Legends."  The Deluxe.  This place existed before campus got swanked up over the last number of years.  It is a big yawning space  but no one actually dances sans a helluva lot of alcohol.  It's also a great place to go on game days as they have a nice  and still a good place to stop by at night. I hope they still have Magic Hat on tap." Yet another sports bar that's on campus.  Don't get the  mushroom soup here even though it sounds awesome!  so this saves us. But they lose a star for having recently eliminated the internet jukebox and added a DJ. How else can we play ""In the Air Tonight"" to kill the mood at 1am? We actually paid the dude a fiver and left him an iPod to get something played that wasn't part of the standard littany of horrible bar songs." "Solid sports bar I think. Great place to meet up with your friends after a long day of class/lab work and gripe about grad school. Cheap beer specials (there's usually a pint for $2 and one or more liquor drinks for $4/double) and fairly inexpensive food that is tastyish.. or at least cooked to order! I had one bad experience with a pink-centered ""southern chicken sandwich"" (not southern.. just fried) but when I showed it to the guy  and the music is usually at a good level.  Thursday thru Saturday they have a DJ so you can make requests and such.  I just wish their kitchen was open later." That being said...and for all the time I spent here...I still didn't know they served food!"  but it's the best place to come and chill with some friends.  Or roll in with a ton of people Don't miss out on their Long Islands ($5 on Mondays)... they're seemingly innocent which makes them all the more lethal."  I'll definitely hit this up in the evening to see how it is then."  how I love thee.  I haven't found a taco salad in the city that compares.  It's HUGE and actually has a lot of lettuce!  Cheap too  but we were immediately hungry after we ate our burgers. Also I don't think the burgers come with fries. We were a bit disappointed to see bags of chips. I do like the way you can put your own stuff on the burgers and all  for fries have to pay 2 dollars extra.  The real annoying part of this place is the food is ordered at the bar than picked up by you when the number is called.  There is no hostess or waitstaff all self serve and first come first serve on tables.  You could be waiting hours for a table at this place recommend you get there at 6:00pm before the late night rush!!!" If only they would stop repainting the exterior wackier and wackier every 2 years..." 05FJCAvUFOAk8B_nIOqt7A  order a Sex on the Beach. They have their own special way of making it....realllly good and I've never seen it done anywhere else!" Legends is also not a place to go if you want to skip big crowds on weekends.  It's usually packed on game days (whatever the game) We try and go there for the best fish sandwich in town ! Be sure and order the beer batter onion rings also. A quaint Illini sports bar with a nice atmosphere and  easy access. A pay parking lot is right next door.  at least you know you are getting what you're paying for. Thats better than paying a dollar for a 'jagerbomb' which is more like a quarter shot of jager and a splash of red bull. Oh and their fish sandwich is GREAT. Btw  and the outdoor area was nice. I haven't had their food so I can't speak for that  someone acknowledges that I don't want to touch a probably dirty door handle after washing my hands!"  and usually not too loud.  They also have a few projectors they use to show Illini games  ok bar food (though I am a bit of a beer/food snob).  I don't mind going when a group wants to go  but no one goes here primarily for the food.  Come here Thursday's for ""Logo Night.""  The beer is cheaper and at the end it all you get to stagger home with a bar glass.  The ambience is sports bar  they have a fair number of screens.  Beer isn't great and it's relatively expensive for what it is.  They also have a terrible patio in the back.  On top of that the food isn't really very good.  So it fails at being a bar and sports bar.  By the weekend evening and sometimes on weekdays it turns into the same thing that virtually every campustown bar is: shoulder to shoulder crowds of underage students trying to get hookups."  much more attractive than over at Murphy's?" The icing on the proverbial cake was the *BROKEN GLASS* I found in my cocktail.  The server was disinterested in my future digestive issues resulting from the shards of glass and lurked over the table as we signed the check."  you'll have no problem passing up Legends for somewhere else. Do so."  there was no cover on a Friday night for those of us over 21.  Another star for that.  Legends is a pretty laid back bar where you can get together with friends and have a couple drinks.  Not really the type of place to dance They only pour beer! I hate this place because I paid for a drink with accredit card and the bartender told me to not do it again. I want to punch that guy so bad. I am so glad me and my friends don't go here often. I strongly suggest pickingmurphys over this abomination of terrible service. And the student newspaper voted them for best service! I don't know what that writer must have been smoking but it must have been extra strong. Never go here." College bar with okay prices for a beer!  current employees will ask to take their picture with you or stare at you from across the bar."  but they only let you take 2 cups home (lose a star for that). Strawberry is the best 'Flavorita'."  do not come here. I cannot comprehend how their burgers were ever voted best in Champaign."  but if you are looking for a night which you might call ""Legendary""  mediocre bar food which is overpriced. This seems like another place that hustles the students with little value for the money."  but Legends is definitely one of the best places to watch a game. The burger will satisfy you if you have a craving while enjoying a night with friends." But you really go to Legends for the atmosphere. It's an upperclassman bar where you can go to actually hang out and talk with friends. They have good music playing in the background but it's never all that loud and it's stuff you want to listen to anyway. They've got some slot machines and pool tables now which also make for a good time and there's a dressed model of the Chief up front which is a welcome sight for any Illini." GO EARLY. If you try to go on a ride the rail night and you get there late the line is insane and it takes forever to get a drink. The worst is when its all beer specials and you have to wait for someone to get their Margaritta or fruity mixed drinks. Come on its beer specials thats why everyone is here  they've got a pretty good selection of whiskeys for a Campustown bar (I got Bulliet out of a very dusty looking bottle). On the other hand "Good burgers & buffalo chicken sandwich.. Had to order when you walked in and get your own food  they packed 'em in and turned over some crowd so it'll be around for eternity."  this is still my favorite place to watch any games any night. My personal choice of burger is The Works Burger. It's not great  how many grilled chicken sandwiches have I enjoyed here? Well I can't remember but I'm sure there were plenty."  I am reminded of their ranch chicken sandwich they used to serve here only on Mondays. Along with $5 long islands in various flavors. Could lunch get any more divine?! This may not be the fanciest bar Had a fish sandwich on Friday and it was quite good. Casual atmosphere and we went early to avoid the late night bar crowd. Not too loud and they had a full bar for drinks so we really enjoyed it!  the manager messaged me and fixed my name on the Ride the Rail board!"  likely the best place to sit down at a more traditional style sports-themed bar  but the bartender can't make it. He made a substitute drink but it was just awful. The burgers are actually pretty darn good considering that all the toppings are in a separate table where you can choose which ones you want to add in." one of the nicest beer gardens were smokers so there was a roof and good seating while it was raining out.place was clean drinks were cold Definitely a place to check out if you are in need of an ice cold draft and burger." One of the 2 best bars on campus (the other being Murphy's). This place is always low key and not one of the crazy loud bars all the underclassmen go to. You can almost always find a place to sit since it's big and doesn't get very crowded.  best burger of the campustown bars. This will be the bar I always go back to."  but the atmosphere was more comfortable and the options higher end. I could see Legends being one of the better bars in Champaign to sit back with a drink and watch a game or hang with friends without worrying about a drunk frat boy spilling on you. Nice." The burgers and fries here are actually very good. Less of a heart attack than Joe's and quite a bit more substantial than Murphy's. I really like the Bleu moon burger. And the loaded fries are always a good idea.  pickles) and sauces as you want to your burger.  Way to go Legends"  you order your food at the cash register (which was located at the bar) and then they call your number and you get your food.  The food was pretty decent.  I had a ham and swiss sandwich with Guinness mustard on a pretzel bun.  I wish I would have ordered two of them it was so good.  Based on the decor  but its better reheated if you let it go cold.  Hooters sauces are notoriously non-spicey (and I'm a big wuss when it comes to spice).  ""Hot"" is about medium  decidedly not great for everyone else." I don't recommend anyone go to the Champaign Hooters. Instead  they are pretty expensive."  I guarantee they will be better then what you would have spent way to much for at Hooters. I rated the noise level as quiet because my wife and I didn't make much noise. I gave it 4 [ $]  just because it so overpriced." The combination of both beer and wings from hooters makes me sick in the morning I continue to eat there for years. As always the servers fake like they care but that don't bother me as long as a get good service and I do. Plus they are easy on the eyes. I love hooters!  This however was the worst food I have ever had at any location.  The chicken was so dry and cheese sauce was hard and tasted disgusting.  thank goodness) seemed to get very agitated if she found out anyone was rooting for the other team. She actually came up to our table  but I've been there twice since moving to Champaign and it seems like their wings consistently lack any crunch  u may very well kno the setup is terrible. Even jus finding this place (located behind Hardee's)is difficult. It's as if Hooters took over a previous establishment not big in business. The bar only seats 10 with a large square room. There r only 2 Hooters signs on the building itself. If this place wants to make better business Food is just like other sports bars. Not a fan of the wings" They get a 4 star just off the buffalo chicken dpi and they are playing the pacquio fight. I'm a woman so I can't go higher than a 4.... Even if the food is bomb... A little difficult to find compared to others. Set up is a little awkward. I nearly walked past the hostess booth "Wings and buffalo shrimp were great. Fried pickles were cooked just right. Service was above average but it was a very slow night. As always The most horrible feeling I have ever felt thank you hooters for making me sad on my journey back home" Waitresses were great! Better wings than I've had at other hooters. Waitress came around offering a free margarita to critique the bartender. Best hooters ever!  plus they brought me a bud lite when I ordered a Budweiser but I know it's just so hard to keep those 2 straight. Still beats going to an over crowded crappy service Buffalo Wild Wings Worst Hooters ever! Walked out after sitting for 10 minutes - no service. Waitress standing around. Empty tables all around. Still out on the quality of the food as we're still waiting 40 minutes after ordering for 3 out 4 orders!  it really was as bad as the other reviews. Zero on Hooters philosophy on customer service. I do come here to check a little leg too  curly fries came out of the fridge. The customer assistant was so rude and she cleared the food from our table even before we finish it without asking us. When i asked why are you doing this and she replied that she has to go home. This happened at 8:30pm. We were really shocked by looking at the whole experience. We will not return to this place and never recommend to our friends. Grr." My husband and I frequent Hooters for lunch dates as often as we can.  I love the wings and he loves the grilled cheese!  We always have a blast when we visit!!  All of the waitresses we have had have been wonderful.  Our waitress last time was especially wonderful!!  Britt is a  mom and full time student as well as a hard working waitress!  She smiled and engaged us all the way through our meal.  We really appreciated her.  Five stars all of the way for Hooters Champaign.  Thank you!!  Stumble out. A true bar bar. The outdoor area is a plus too. Never had a bad time at the Tumble inn. Good place to watch the Illini i miss the tumble inn....was good to be back in for a visit recently." "This bar is nothing short of amazing. My friends and I go here when we get tired of campus bars and want a more hometown-y relaxed bar experience. We always get the Tumble Inn Punch and it is always great  even when the weather isn't. Be sure to go here for the next Illini game and you'll be in good company!"  beware of the Dirty Chester's...those drinks will F you up if you drink more than 2 (trust me  quirky regulars... CU's own ""Cheers"".  A timeless gathering place is their mantra  and there's usually a barbecue truck parked out front. I have been here on several occasions at off-peak times to watch sporting events "TI is an unbelievable dive bar. I love to hang out there especially at the end of the night. Spent many a drunken night there playing golden tee or darts or just hanging out with friends.  I've moved to gainesville Florida now that I'm all growns up and being an adult in another college town Next year I'm setting the Golden Tee record!" Great fun place!!! The service was wonderful and the older decor brought a smile!  and a great dive bar.  For townies and long time family regulars.  You either grew up in Tumble Inn or The Esquire (I'm of The Esquire persuasion).  If not my particular favorite in the Chambana area  so be cordial to the regulars and you just might learn something about the area. This bar is a full service gaming establishment with Lotto  makes you feel so welcome and at home.  It's a great place to hang with friends and watch a game. I'd give it 10 stars if I could."  and if you're looking for some where to go without a lot of college kids this is the place"  and drunk drivers this is the place for you." 1j7xdgHkm-zU036o9EOUDw  and the highdive does not have its own lot.  there are no un-metered spots for miles.  the public transportation in champaign is not world class (and i really didn't want to find far away parking and hop on a bus after the long drive to get here)  actually.  It's a very tolerable and enjoyable venue.  I'd easily recomend this for anyone in Central Illinois to check out."  be sure to clear your schedule and hit it up. You won't regret it (and you might not remember it)." It's been years...but I loved going to shows here while I attended ISU.  Very intimate venue to see your fave bands play with good food and libations.  a great place to grab a cheap drink and listen to some live music." All towns would be so lucky to have a music venue like The Highdive.  I have to agree with Jess S. on her review; there are not many places like this in the Midwest Worst bar I've ever been too. Would never recommend to anyone. Pay $15 dollars for cover and expect a complete waste of your money. Never will come back. Ever.  my friend and I stood in the middle. The crowd is mixed according to the band; I saw some people get into the music while some just stood and swayed to the music. The High Dive would be a great experience if you were into the band. I know CHVRCHES came to the High Dive and I would have loved to go  premium seats are definitely hard to get and you have to stake out your spot early. There's almost always a special - even on the weekends so it never hurts to ask. There is a bartender here with impressive mixology skils! Like  at the end if the night it was left out to tender. Disgraceful! Anyone could have taken it!"  which provided for excellent seating looking up at the stage.  The bar stools as well as table and booths along the wall were all fantastic for watching the show.  They serve drinks in real glasses and the prices weren't horrible.  The sound was nearly perfect.  I would love to come back.  It's a great location in downtown Champaign.  There is a parking lot nearby  which means everyone is treated well.  Probably the coolest place to go clubbing - you can go as you are or wear your evening gown This place has a fun dance atmosphere. It's actually geared for the Gay community but on Thursdays a lot of striaght people go as well which is fun. C street is where the boys are in Champaign." "I went to Chester Street Bar on a Monday evening on finals' week... needless to say that the place was rather empty. In fact  and hot ones...so where do they hang out? I have another theory too.. that the really cool liberal towns are the ones that don't have great gay bars any more because if you're gay you can go anywhere and feel comfortable... we don't have to feel ghetto-ized any more... that's my theory."  and most of the staff hasn't changed much either even though I think Tom has fired all of them at least a dozen times.  It was almost surreal looking at all the new cliques and putting their ""roles"" with the roles played by my friends and I years ago.  I'm not 20 anymore so the trip to C Street wasn't followed by a trip to Perkins but instead was followed by a massive hangover the next day.  C Street helped me become who I am today and I still have many of the friends I met back then  and I am in the process of actually planning a trip back soon....long over due.  C/U is a fun town period.  C Street is a nice little gem snug in the middle of the city where people can be themselves & dance the night away to the best club/house beats."  and the cover is a bummer. Floor / counter tops can be sloshing with alcoholic liquid though..." "This is usually the last stop of the night whenever I go out. It's definitely one of the better ""party scenes"" in the downtown area!" Parking is relatively easy . There's always parking in the rear."  there are still the creepers who hang at the bar and there is typically cover on the weekends  plenty of other bars that would be happy to have my money. Cheers!" Edit: I will add that I still think the drag shows are worth the 2 hour drive from where I live. If I were closer I would probably go more often."  our community used to have a vibrant scene in town and I think it could again but not if venues bump 'our' night for frat parties and pull stunts like last night's." Packed. Lovely. The bar is full and the drinks are strong. The music is loud and the people are...well..cute. lol Or usually not. But that's just me. Clean the floors. Remodel the bathrooms. Keep on GETTIN it with the drag shows.  depending on the night. I'm a fan of the Drag Shows every Sunday night."  the artist was better. I also really liked that they kept spinning music after the concert was over to keep us dancing  enticing options for guests. Bud Light and Coors Light taste just as shitty in a glass as they do on draught."  (like Rogue Dead Guy and Bell's Oberon) and a shuffle puck table/new Golden Tee. Pre-Yelping the place in my head I was resigned to give them 2 stars as a recognition of such efforts Overall it was a nice place to sit outside and visit with friends.  It was not crowded at all.  In fact I went for the dollar beer again and met a friend for dinner.  I had the grilled chicken buffalo wrap.  The flavor was good but I think they use canned chicken for the grilled chicken and the bacon was rubbery but other than that it was not too bad.  The homemade potato chips that they served with the wrap were excellent. Always a fun time.  A place that should at least be given a try I've had super super annoying service more than once (not BAD as much as way too interested in starting a conversation and becoming friends with the diners)  they have creative specials using super-high-quality ingredients at prices more reasonable than all those other downtown joints.  yes They also have outstanding wings and beers!"  which makes for an amusing dining experience to say the least as you walk the labyrinthine corridors like Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom I'll keep going back--but I think I'll stick to the burgers." Bottom line: Fantastic burgers. Get a burger and a beer and you won't be disappointed." The restrooms can be nasty and are shared with a couple of adjoining restaurants." I normally get the black bean tacos and love them" Happy booze and burger-ing!  Cheers" "This is my favorite restaurant in Champaign!  I always get a bacon burger and it is amazing.  I have never had a burger under or over cooked.  The fries are always good.  I also love their beer menu.  I swear My only complaint is that they serve tortilla chips with their burgers; it just seems odd."  good service.  Not loaded with smelly college kids either!  A great find.  My daughter loved her caesar salad too so we were 4 for 4 across the table in truly liking our meals.  Fresh brewed iced tea always nice." 3) Kobe beef burger? YES!"  a burger (or scallops) with a bottle of your favorite at Farren's is one of the best lunch picks in downtown Champaign." Tried Farren's out for the first time last night and WOW.  I have been in CU for several years now and hadn't heard of this place until checking reviews on Yelp.  The burgers were a bit pricey but quality was very good.  The key lime pie is also a must-have. Go there now and have a good burger.  NOW!!!"  and they are great at remembering you. One of my favorite places in town."  and it's non smoking of course. Very cool place." This place is a constant good treat  expecting the best burger in Champaign - and it was just okay.  I guess the meat was kind of dry.  Fries were good though "I really don't get what the big deal is with this place.  I have had friends tell me thats they have some of the best burgers out there  b/c this is definitely a step above pub grub. They use interesting local ingredients (lemon chive potato salad was awesome). Their beer menu is not as vast as some nearby joints I can only attribute the positive Yelp reviews to heavy drinking.  You have been warned." If you're downtown for a casual meal  which doesn't always taste like it was freshly made.  I would suggest a fountain drink or a beer."  but presentation of my dish kept this place from getting 4*"  schmasement feel...it is a bar.  Cool how the bathrooms connect you to nearby thai and sushi restaurants.  And the new parking structure right next door made parking a breeze - $0.75 for the hour and free on weekends." Farren's Pub & Eatery is has a casual type of atmosphere. It's a great place to go with your friends to enjoy good American style food and drinks. Their burgers here are so delicious and juicy! I'm almost getting hungry right now just thinking about it.  and while some may find it odd that you need to request tomatoes or pickles I like that they don't get wasted if you are a plain jane burger eater like myself. Definitely pay the extra cash to switch from tortilla chips as your side to french fries. These are the skin on fries that you can douse with malt vinegar if the mood strikes. The feel of the restaurant is cozy The ambience is one of my favorite things about the place; Farren's is located under ground and has a bar  the decor was better than I expected after reading some others' reviews. It's good for family  haven't had a bad meal and/or experience here yet." They have the best burger in Champaign and their beer selection is surprisingly diverse. Order a bit rarer than you normally would as they seem to be a bit conservative in their definition of medium. Also their specialty fries are really good with a bit of malt vinegar so spring for them over the included tortilla chips. Be ready to wait for a table cause this place was crowded when I went on a Friday night. "The burgers and salads are wonderful. Definitely the best fries in town  though: Farren's is an absolutely wonderful place to bring my 17-month-old daughter.  The waitress with the curly red hair (whose name I don't know Greatest burger around. Super atmosphere.  We were able to sample a beer before ordering. I will definitely go back.  probably.  Or at least the burgers that all other places are judged by.  The Russell is amazing..."  I have never had any problems with service or the quality of food.  The staff has been friendly.  I did promise one of the waitresses that I'd make her a Bourbon Pecan Pie but haven't fulfilled that promise yet.  Perhaps next visit.  Anyway "I'm new to Champaign and heard a lot about Farren's. My boyfriend and I have been there many times. We love the relaxing and hipster atmosphere. The service is great -- everyone is genuinely friendly. The food is excellent. We've heard the burgers are the best in Champaign -- I'd say it's a tie between Farren's and Billy Baroos. I love their salads (although   and the food is OK and the service is great.  It's just far too greasy for me.  It's just a place for those that don't mind really really greasy food." I have been here several times and only had problems once (it was just waiting a while to get the check) which can happen when it gets busy."  I know).  Staff is friendly.  Large selection of alcoholic beverages.  Good food.  Good prices.  Stop by if you get the chance."  but I guess I just had a higher expectation from a yelp-4-star place. The ambient was a little better for a place that's very hidden by the alley. I would rather go to Desthil next time where they have better drinks and the same quality food in the same price range."  the most amazing burgers ive had in my life. After reading all the yelp reviews i just had to see what the hype is all about! Great beer selection also; esp being a girly girl and not liking beer..they had a variety of light and fruity ones. It's in a basement but you cant even tell; doesnt have a dungy smell or look to it. Def a hole in the wall worth going to!!!"  but when you're in the mood for something lighter and less greasy always check out their specials.  There's often a ton of really good stuff on it I just moved my daughter into an apartment for college and stumbled on Farren's. We had a great burger and ice cold beer after a long drive and move in. I had the bacon feta blue cheese burger and it was terrific. Fries. onion rings and chips were all great. Service was very good. Thank you Farren's! I always feel bad for the cooks in their little tiny kitchen tucked into a corner of the dining room  but all over the U.S. and nothing even comes close in comparison! This is one great steak salad! I could eat one every day if I could afford it. The service is always fast as well...even during their busy lunch rush! It's a bit on the pricey side Great burgers!!! I went there was some friends and was very surprised at how good the food was. I love the atmosphere because it is definitely a place that has a pub setting. Definitely a place to try and go again and again!  just a nice burger joint.  The burger was good...was it the best I have ever eaten...not really...but they are good.  I loved the fries.  My daughter had the black bean burger (she's vegetarian) she said it was very good. All in all a very tasty meal."  but it is a little pricey and not diet food. I recommend only going once every few months  and spent time talking to my mom about the wine that they served.  Really hope to go back before I graduate."  expect to wait if you come with a big group on a friday or saturday night but you shouldn't wait too long. This is definitely a Champaign must!"  mine with blue cheese.  I also decided to splurge and get the fresh-made potato chips.  The staff was friendly and the food came out fast.  The burger was juicy and delicious and the chips...were (hold on...I'm drooling...) aaahhhh-mazing!  They were warm and the truffle salt was genius on these chips.  We will absolutely be back to Farren's and would bring the kids along.  This place is gold!" I'm definitely a fan of Farren's and if you go These burgers are ridiculous. One of my boys hit me up and was like we need to go to Farren's. One of the best burgers I've ever had in my life and easily the best burger in the Champaign area. No one else comes close.  I would expect a lot more.  I can't say its worth the wait and I definitely have no desire to go back."  Fries. Top 5 burgers." IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA Best Burgers in CU.  Everything else on their eclectic menus also pretty rocks the most.  That will be all. Beware days of Illini games; they are packed to the gills at dinner time." I'm somewhat of a ""Burger Snob"" (if such a thing really exists) and have tried most of the popular burger places in Chicago They are a small place but if you go after 1pm for lunch they tend to have plenty of open spots. Dinner is much harder to judge but usually a 15 minute wait is all you have to worry about." Ate here early sep-12. Hadn't been in over a year. Why did I wait so long? Got the russell burger and it was delish. Got chips and salsa instead of fries. Very grateful to be able to do something other than fries. Our waitress was great and we were served by who I'm guessing is the owner (Mr Faren?). You can tell they are committed to having the best burgers in town.  much more in bottles.  So they got the good beer covered.  Full bar as well.  The food is great.  Some of the best pub grub in town.  Of coarse the burgers are what they are known for.  Which are great.  The salads are also really good.  A great place to come for a beer and a meal."  though no Heineken.  Parking in massive city garage right next door.  Usually busy """Farren's has the best burgers in town.""" IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA  spirits). The location is a bit strange - sort of in a back alley. I almost missed it! But The prices were fine and the ambience was just what I expected for a Champaign Pub. It was a bit chilly inside  and again in my final year at the U of I.  I'm very sad that I haven't been more.  Farren's is a hidden gem with friendly staff "The burgers are indeed quite good!  We had a green chile cheese burger and a mushroom Swiss cheese burger.   The Saturday night wait is a little tough Two words: Bison burger. Beers on tap are old world German and Czech and went well with the food. Some of the better beer I have had  but wanted to try their more traditional burger to see what all the fuss was about. It's a nice atmosphere. Everything is right there. There's no ""back""; you can see the kitchen and where all of your food is coming from. I don't feel like I'm in some underground burger basement  neither good nor bad.  The dingy atmosphere (a staid lunch counter in a basement that had leaking ceilings both times I went) might be considered cool in a kitschy or hipster way Will definitely come back"  was that a delicious burger. My mouth still waters thinking about it...those jalepenos...that juicy meat...mmm... The crazy thing? I wasn't even hungry when I ate out with my friends  he apologized and went to put in an order for the missing rings. We also had to switch servers halfway through our meal (not sure what happened to our first guy The burger was really good. The service wasn't good. IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA  business meetings and countless family get togethers.  Caroline and her staff are the best!  I have never felt more comfortable and welcome in any restaurant!  The food is consistently amazing and the specials are always outstanding.  Fine food  and they rotate stuff throughout the year. Staff is also very nice. Farrens only gets four stars because the bar selection isn't the best and because the decor feels a bit run-down. Still an excellent place to go." "Great food. Cool atmosphere. Service was slow. Maybe caught them on an off-night   their burger specials (kobo beef or bison burger) are great! The fries are made from real potatoes "So tasty! I had heard that they had the best burgers in town  and the RED HAIR WAITRESS immediately showed indifferent look on her face and impatiently assign us to their shared toilet where no place can be used to change diaper if you don't count the dirty mosaic floor. I am pretty sure if they can Be sure to check out Farrens if you don't have any taste buds or standards for your dining experience!" A must try in Champaign!" There are a lot of other places to eat in CU."  though. There was a noticeable scent of gas throughout the dining room during our first and only experience here so far. Not sure if that was a one-time thing I don't give many five star reviews Have a burger here with a smaller group of people on a less-crowded night (or for lunch). It's slightly on the pricey side but you won't be disappointed." "Hands down- Farren's is awesome! I always order the Steak salad and my girlfriend has the Scallop salad. Both are huge and loaded down with meat. Service can be a little hectic The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is the service. It can be pretty inconsistent and when it's bad  but since it's not reciprocated... Well  but I don't care when I get the best burger and chips in town. The burgers aren't the only good part. They have daily specials that have always been satisfying and unique. They also have some stellar dark beers. Wait time can be a little long depending on when you come  gluten allergy. And they are amazeballs!  fresh cut potatoes fried in canola oil...yes please! I'm enjoying an order now . I always order to go tho because the place is underground  boy.  And tasty!  Way better than a Royale with cheese!.  Or a Big Kahuna Burger.  I do love the taste of a good burger."  I had the Kobe burger and it was absolutely delicious. I love the open atmosphere. We've never had to wait in the two times we've been there Best Burger in Champaign Hands Down! The Russell has everything you want on a burger and more and the Black Truffle chips are amazing!  but you can substitute the chips for fries or onion rings at an additional cost. The burger alone costs between $8-9 This place is great.  Simple menu and the food is excellent if you're looking for a good burger and fry.  but people I've brought there have been turned off by it. Always pay extra for the fries--not sure why they cost extra but they're pretty tasty. Be prepared to wait on the weekends  I don't know who your host was but when we walked in we asked if it was all right to order since they were so close to closing. The host was warm and welcomed us in. I ordered a black bean burger that was the best veggie burger I've ever had. There was some sort of roux sauce on the side that was equally phenomenal. I came her a second time with my parents who ordered a pulled pork sandwich and a bison burger. Neither of these were so great. They were a bit gamey. But I'll never forget you The Russell is a must have. I recommend getting it with a Kobe patty.  very attentive even if they were swamped. Maybe it's my fault because I ordered a burger that was too spicy for me to handle The place is small but our group of five was easily able to get a table on a Thursday night. The service was pretty decent  she asked for the Wheach -- and the waiter had no idea what we were talking about. Not ""we're out"" or ""it's no longer in season"" or ""we no longer carry that"" -- he had never heard of it. All of the beer we've gotten there since has been solid  their burgers are good too.... Maybe next time!" Love me some Farren's. Always considered one of the best luncheon spots in downtown Champaign. From the perfect hand cut fries to the over the top burgers.  you'll be satisfied. Hamburgers are their specialty  food WASNOT worth what they were charging (cold fries and hard ass bread on the philly cheese steak sandwich). AND I smell like a resturant! Ugh! Won't go back nor will I suggest anyone go there."  but my burger was huge and absolutely delicious! I also tried the homemade potato chips at the recommendation of a random fellow patron The fries were good too. Aside from those issues  had once would go again except the wait was pretty long." Fries are very tasty. Service is good. Prices are a little steep for a burger. Solid place"   0 acknowledgement to  people waiting to sit.  Horrible  very local small town feeling in there. Only reason it's not 5 stars is because the lighting is awkward and the room doesn't feel cozy at all "The Elaine salad is so yummy i definitely recommend it.   You can't go wrong with a burger here.  Their beer selection is a little limited i think.   On a weekend night there's usually a line if you arrive after 6.  It's loud and a little crowded  you'll pay the same price at Big Grove for much better food and service." The Kobe Burger with their signature in house fries is by far the best burger in town. Great salads for anyone looking to have somethings a little lighter. Hipster employees with a cool atmosphere makes this place a must stop for anyone who comes to Champaign..... lol even though i wish they wouldn't." The hostess is terribly RUDE and nasty. The seating is horrible. Plenty of empty table but still won't seat a party until everyone is standing in line. The last time I was there the food was good but really slow. Our party left without being served. Terrible customer service. They are closed Sunday for lunch as a sadly found out after doing a triathlon and craving a burger ( I had to go to desthil  was fantastic and the beer selection can't be beat in Champaign. While I think the wings are also very very good  kinda difficult to find. Not for folks in a hurry but worth it for those who wait"  given the house chips and hole-in-the-wall-osity. I'm craving it already."  this is the establishment you want to be at. Their Kobe burger is filled with fun flavor. The portabello mushroom dish is actually two large fried mushrooms. It can be a tad difficult to get the waiters' attention sometimes though."  but only if I'm ready for downing another huge yummy burger with fries and washed down with a nice cold beer or a gigantic 32oz pepsi." "This may just be my favorite place to eat in C-U! I recently discovered them and love them :) It's a bit of a hole in the wall First time here..great atmosphere.  Only gives 4tops to 4 people unless dressed nice...so there is some unfairness there.  I even asked to be seated with my wife and they said no and then they seated a nicer dressed couple behind us there.  Also must be the only bar in IL that allows under 10yr olds at the bar...WAY ILLEGAL...food good though I love Farrens. Great burgers. The fries are ok. Service is usually decent. Price is a little high but I think it's worth it.   The appetizer of scallops are great!! This is slowly becoming a favorite go-to place." IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA Great great burgers. Kobe burger cooked to chefs liking was perfect. Came down from Chi for work and I'm lucky to have found this place. I've been here 3 days and had dinner there twice. I'll eat there the next 2 nights with confidence. The food here is always top notch!  The specials are always something i look forward to and the thing i always get when its available is the Blackened Catfish.  Its just as good as anything i've had in New Orleans. Always satisfying. Neat location/atmosphere. The Burgers and hand cut fries are amazing. Also some of the friendliest staff in town. Definitely going to come back if I'm back in champaign. Easily the best burgers in CU. I have eaten here more times than I can remember.  I would honestly pay double for the burger and still be happy. Great small hidden gem of downtown champaign with parking all around. The service was good - the servers were very friendly and held conversation with us and kept checking on us while we waited on our food. The only reason I give this place 4/5 and not a perfect 5 is the food took a long time to come out  poor atmosphere. The place is cramped and they are understaffed. Our order was slow to come out (both drinks and food)  but I am perfectly fine with them staying with what they have.  You owe yourself to give it a try."  enjoyed the small resturant over big chain. Service was good as well.  It was very busy every table filled but still had drinks kept filled and food came out hot and fresh in a decent amount of time. I got the Sponoli burger it was amazing and the onion rings are homemade tasted fresh. Others at my table got the venison burger which my brother loved and the Russell burger also great reviews from all at the table.  Highly recommend this restaurant!! Waited said they were just voted one of the best burger joints in town."  and more were brushing my chair as they walked by.   It was a terribly crowded feeling.  But the food was excellent Delicious food. Delicious beer. Just Delicious. We had the Fire Burger and The Russell Burger. Happy bellies!!!! Highly recommend!!!! The price is a little steep compared to other burger places. I believe that it is worth it. The noise level is higher than average because it is such a small place. Don't let that stop you. Go to Farren's! You won't be disappointed." Fantastic hand cut fries and gourmet burgers in downtown bar and grill atmosphere.  Worth the wait for a table. Great service. "The food and service was exceptional. I ordered a strawberry salad and it was phenomenal. They also had a great cheese plate that I enjoyed with a nice glass of wine. The only thing it lacked was better decor and I wish it had outdoor seating. However  the food was typical American Pub grub. Nothing really stood out as exceptional  you can't choose wrong. I would give it 5 stars but more often than that I get so-so service. They get busy and i understand that but sometimes too slow." The best burger place in Illinois. The burgers are cooked to perfection and the onion rings are too good. It is in a weird location but I guess it works. You have to go here! Burgers are awesome (and huge). Staff is always friendly. The one and only thing I don't like about this place is that there aren't any windows... Do yourself a favor and plan to not eat dinner and eat lunch here."  and with plenty of beer options. I have ventured out to other menu options with mixed results but can always count on a good burger and fries from Farren's." "Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? I am honestly obsessed with farren's. The burgers are phenomenal. The wait staff work super efficiently as no one is particularly assigned to a table. You can pretty much flag anybody down for anything you need and that seems to work for them. There isn't a lot of seating so on a busy day there might be a wait  an obvious clue it was over cooked.  It was a.dry juiceless burger.Well done for sure.  I repeatedly try this place but they.get.it right only.1 out if 3 times.  Service is.slow.and indifferent when owner isnt.around."  but absolutely wonderful. Their burgers are unmatched. It quickly became a favorite for me and the guys. I can't deny that it's a complete hole in the wall place. But honestly that's part of why I love it. Farren's is fantastic Super amazing burgers!! I had the regular with blue cheese sauce!!! It was delicious!! Definitely going again!!! "Amazing burgers! Their ground beef is unreal.  It's a disservice to the burger to put ketchup on these badboys.  They cook them well-done  and the service was friendly. We were fortunate enough to go when it wasn't crowded I do find the place to be a bit dirty. The floor just felt oily underneath my feet. The bathroom was ick. And worn. Advice: Eat quickly and get out."  not too greasy or salty. I am really intrigued by some of the other things on the menu but the next time I come here it is going to be hard to not get another burger. The guys working there were all super friendly and casual. Wonderful food Best burger in Champaign hands down. It is such a fun environment too as you have to walk down stairs to get to the restaurant. If you are a vegetarian the veggie burger is a must try!  they were still a little skimpy on the tomato. It was a pretty top notch veggie burger but I do feel like I can make a better veggie burger at home. I wish they had dijon mustard - only plain yellow mustard is available. I had a bite of my boyfriend's Russell (about as much as I can risk doing) and it was amazing! Boy was I jealous he can enjoy red meat this much! This is a pretty great place with tasty food  and I have to say the black bean burger tacos were PHENOMENAL. The only reason I gave 4/5 stars is because the wait time for being seated/food tends to be on the longer side  I'll drive to Mahomet and JT's from now on - it isn't worth the negativity to go to Farren's." A party of two will be sat almost immediately at the bar. Any party bigger than that must wait." The bacon cheeseburger was the best burger I've ever had. Fries and soup were also very yummy. I have had the bacon BBQ chicken sandwich and the chips. Absolutely amazing!! I will definitely be going back!  food: kinda meh.  Why bother?" IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA "Great burger!!!  2 different friends recommended this hole in the wall if we wanted a great burger.  Farren's did not disappoint!! I had the ""Russell.""  It was wonderful with the bacon and sauted shrooms with the blue cheese sauce. My wife had a the standard bacon cheeseburger with American. Plus  but the wait was probably 5 mins. Service was great and the food is just awesome  but not spectacular. The portions are pretty hefty. Definitely will fill you up. I got the Russell burger with fries. The burger was good but it was the blue cheese that made the burger stick out. The fries were pretty good. And my friend got the onion rings which were on point. Probably the best onion rings I've had at uiuc. For your money I think the place is great. I would come back at not peak hours."  except it nails the neighborhood pub ambiance. The bar. The one "I love Farren's burgers. I usually get The Russell burger and order it with bison instead of beef (sometimes they run out of the bison). Of course if you don't like mushroom Best burgers in Champaign-Urbana!  and smelled so bad. I asked to return it and bring a well done. When they brought another one it still was pink! After our lunch both of us felt really bad. And our stomachs felt sick!!! Definitely it was the last time that we chosen this place"  and smelled so bad. I asked to return it and bring a well done. When they brought another one it still was pink! After our lunch both of us felt really bad. And our stomachs felt sick!!! Definitely it was the last time that we chosen this place" Mostly I'm motivated to write a review because the negative reviews here are hilarious. If you want a well done burger then go to burger king and stop crying about your overly meaty sandwich. If you want a fancy restaurant get the F out of a corn field. Servers are people too and sometimes aren't perfectly attentive or perfectly cheery when you are a giant pain in their ass. After-all this is a bar  and meaty! The house made bleu cheese we legit too! Our waiter was awesome and kept it real! He recommended The Russell burger which did not disappoint. Will definitely be back!" Before 11:45 this place had a line at the door to be seated. It is not a huge place There's no parking lot specifically for Farren's. It's a little hole-in-the-wall place at basement level down an alleyway behind main street stores in downtown Champaign. But street parking is available and you can also use the lot across the street." Place: Small cozy pub" "Consistently the best burgers in town! Good beer selection and homemade sides. The 4/5 is due to size. I get that it's more controlled "Good food and relaxed atmosphere! This is a great place for high quality food and a nice time. Their burgers are huge and they give you tons of fries. You won't leave hungry. They have a small bar Had the Russell burger with onion rings.  Husband had the same burger with fries.  Food was excellent and service was fast. "The burgers here are pretty hearty and big- but this is not a burger review. I ordered the grilled steak salad and have also had the grilled chicken salad. Both were big portions and filling I would not have left a dime I would have given you 5 stars because the food was really good but the waitress hostess slash Barstool weight left a bad impression on your business I think the bartender was her boyfriend because he didn't say anything to her" IUhO58Il7gUEjl1RMEncHA  and the sweet potato fries are a nice departure from boring regular fries. When you just need some red meat There's almost always a live band playing country music in the evenings here and there's a dance floor for the uninhibited. Someone told me this place has the best White Russians in town.  nice divey spot.  I'll be back." *They don't actually play records at the Rose Bowl It's dark and has a dive bar feel.  The only food available is tater chips."   the dance floor and the patrons-  everyone has fun together  and the fact that they host live local music is a  huge plus!!!" You can't handle the truth." I just miss my little Bub's. I'm mad that you turned it into a bigger eeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww This place is only good for picking up dumb underage girls.  Not worth it. "this place is unbelievably shit. do not go there. there are way too many underage drinkers. it's crowded. and the staff never seems to remember who has wrist bands. i've been to more crowded bars My favorite college bar and I didn't even go to college there. Red Lion is where dreams come true.  but not really ""good"" either." Always packed but i dont really like their music selection and the way the stage and dance area is set up. slippery  and dirty. always drunk people standing on tables and spilling beer. everything is sticky "Honestly I would never go back to this bar. I came to champaign to visit and celebrate my best friends 21st birthday tonight and had my ID taken as a 22 year old. I had to call the police to get my ID back because a bouncer didn't even ask me for a second form. The whole experience was not only annoying but tramaticitizing to be treated so rudely as an of age customer who was just trying to celebrate a friends birthday. This was honestly one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a bar and I would not suggest coming to this bar to anyone because of the way I way treated and being denied seeing a manager when my ID was taken. This is obviously not a legitimate place for young adults to go and enjoy themselves without being harassed for being so called ""underaged"".  I would not even give this bar one star  and rail the dance floor and this place is easily a 5!"  expensive and I don't care for it. The only reason you might consider going here is if you drink a lot beforehand and feel like dancing (or getting pushed around by) randoms while [bad] music blares throughout the ""castle""." Phone number is incorrect.  Great party/fratty bar. Always cover for any age and drinks are mediocre.  sweaty people or watching two people who just met eat each other's face." "Takes 20 minutes to get a drink because there's a platoon of frat bros sitting at the bar and crowding everyone else out. They tried to pick a fight with me when I squeezed up to the bar in order to sign my receipt. Place is nasty "Dirtiest bar ever!!!!! Full of disrespectful and dirty kids. I feel bad for the management sometimes  so you would completely forget just how much you were actually drinking.  It was always uber crowded on Tuesdays and the music was always great!  The last Wine Night I went to...everyone was so excited because Illini bball players were in the ""VIP"" section.  I'll always remember catching a glimpse of Deron Williams. ;)" I miss dollar Corona night! You really can't beat the price or the music. My favorite crowd of any bar on any night. Not sure if they still have it. This is a place to see and be seen. It COULD be a really classy place  there will be a line and $5 cover. Lots of booths and seating Much better alternative than Kam's and the like. It gets crowded on the weekends and the building is actually pretty nice. I like how it is set up. No more dollar corona nights though...  but the decor is a stunning difference from the old Cly's.  It looks good  which is one of my pet peeves because it slows down turnaround time so much when you have to list everything.  Also... is there draft beer? We didn't see any.  Haven't tried the cafe portion yet  everyone on the dance floor can see you while you wait. Sometimes guys knock. Awkward."  and I don't know how many times we saw girls jump up on the booths to dance after one too many.  Always a pretty long line to get in.  Cover could be a bit high for a college bar."  which i thoroughly enjoy. Id say that now that they have reopened cover is usually pretty expensive and the lines are ridiculous! They are also a coffee bar by day? WTF?? Who wants to go back there in the morning for coffee on yesterdays sticky floors? Might as well just let people sleep there. They got a little ahead of themselves and have to realize they are still a campus bar. But I guess they are one of the nicer ones now."  complete with drink specials: http://www.theclybourne.com/" Overall a good experience. I didn't like the fact that I woke up in the morning and realized I spent 80 dollars on drinks. LOL! That was my bad They also offer nice coffee drinks and University employees get a discount!  What's better than that?"  both were great.  Lots to choose from on the menu and the service is quick and friendly.  Have been back several times and tried different menu items and always enjoyed.  Try the Irish Nachos.  Quite good.  I remember when Coslow's was around and they had them.  Clybourne's are excellent." Joes has a better dance floor. Firehaus has more class."  this might be the place for you. But if you're older or not really into the ""club scene"" I write only to remember that this is a bar worth coming back to on game day. The layout of the place is interesting as it forced those on the dance floor from those who just want to chat in relative peace. Seemed to be more upscale than other bars in the area. This is also one of the few Ethnically diverse bars on campus. There's a reason this line is so big every weekend. People like it and they want to go back.if you.look at the line for Kams you'll see only white faces. Clys has people of every race and very attractive ones at that."  but I love the dancing here. People are very...unique and spontaneous with their moves. My friends don't usually come here to drink But after 2012 when they were shut down for a while because of underage drinking  it was a big turn off when they acted very pretentious (like u ""made it in life"") because you are partying and seen at Clybourne on fucking Green St. I found the whole demographics off in this place. It just boiled down to slutty drunk Asian girls and the yellow fever people chasing a wanna be geisha into the smoke and mirrors dance floor. All around sloppy. Pass." Smells like puke. Literally everything from floor to ceiling is somehow sticky and drink spillage was everywhere. Drinks are okay... but just okay. The clubby atmosphere is well-crafted but it just smells and feels too gross too worry about coming back. Extremely poor staff. Racist behavior.  be ready to wait in line (or sneak in the boy's room when no one is in there like I did)!  The back room has the dance floor The crowd you find that frequents Joe's consists of a lot of scantily clad sorority girls and collar popping frat guys.  If you can manage to maneuver your way through the sea of bodies in the hella hot and humid place and manage to secure a pool table "I miss this place; but only for early afternoon time on thursdays when you get fabulous service from the barkeep: frosted pint glasses and .10 most-delicious-cram-as-many-as-you-can-into-your-fat-mouth cent wings?! it's hit or miss when you go at night though; they do have a decent beer selection and $2 u-call its but I'm over the disgusting floors of Green St bars  pitchers can be as low as $4. I would imagine that if you went there in the afternoon you could have an enjoyable happy hour on the patio  and we ESPECIALLY don't want any guys listening or watching us in the bathroom.  The employees were incredibly rude and were just standing in the ladies room.  I felt extremely violated of my privacy (as any girl would) and when I confronted the employees they kicked me out.  This is not ANY way a girl should be treated  the drinks are really weak and the area is just too crowded to even move.  There are a ton of creepers on the dance floor and quite a few nefarious characters.  It's not worth it."  and it might not even be yours! Some of my best and worst college experiences come out of this place and even though I graduated this past May and have all of Chicago at my disposal "Joes was a really fun place to go... When i was 19.  Great dance floor and quite amusing watching girls try to pole dance. Nice employees. But if youre looking to get something besides a draft/bottled beer  I think the appeal is usually lost. The only plus is that they have my favorite cider (Strongbow) on tap. The service is okay and I am glad that they at least have their own beer. Their food was typical and not memorable and the beer is only okay. Given the choice  and it's leagues above Kam's. However it's a lot trashier in quality than Brother's. At least it has an outdoor section for the nicer times of the year which is a huge relief when you want to get out of the sweaty inane madness that is Joe's."  so don't bother - unless you want to pay for boxed mac&cheese that has some bacon bits tossed on top. They have a good selection of beers and sodas (be aware that it's not Pepsi *or* Coke products but RC/Dr. Pepper). I thought the draft of Bell's two-hearted complemented my Urbana veggie burger quite nicely. If they'd offered ice cream for dessert  friendly and fast. I can't comment on the late night crowd but I can see it getting rather loud and  cheese on 1/3lb burger).   The fried egg tasted like a boiled egg and I couldn't tell there was guacamole on the burger but it was okay.  They have two full pages of burgers so I'd be willing to try them again.  It's 1/2 price burgers on Tuesday nights so my meal was less than $5 so I gave them three stars for my first visit."  and the food was lukewarm by the time she served us. We had to hound her to even pay for the meals. What a horrible waitress. She really should be fired. Both our table and another table of girls never got served until the kitchen almost closed. Yikes...they really need to improve their service."  lol to the review that recommended KAM'S for a ""better time"" than Joes. Joes might have the sticky floors As long as you treat Joe's like a den of vampires (avoid after dark) "Wow....went to campus to partake in some bar hopping while the students were gone. Hardly anyone was  in the bar. We had been served by a girl with an Illini scarf and was awesome. Then....another girl took over. We ordered a diet with vodka If you really want to try this place come for half off burgers. On a Thursday. I'm thoroughly disappointed." "They've got some really great specials! We came on a Friday and got a pitcher of shandy for $6. Their burgers are good I guess i used to like clys better but they went downhill too." Classic college bar. Best thing is the 1/2 priced burgers (which they have a ton of good options of) they have 2-3 nights a week. Drinks are reasonably priced. Service Is decent. If you're not there to party with college friends or get a half off burger it's probably a good idea to find another spot in CU! Solid drinking establishment!"  but the night life there is pretty fun. But only go there late if your planning on getting wild. The drinks are mediocre."  loved the Mac and cheese as an upgrade. However today's visit had a special friend attend with us. Spotted a cockroach crawling on the wall. So much for the green health inspection sign on the door! Needless to say we won't be back anytime soon." Oh my god. Where can I start with this place? It is the greatest creation ever. This bar alone has changed humanity. I had the craziest adventure of my life at this establishment.  but it's a great spot for good food. Farren's was my favorite burger until I tried the Ragin' Cajun. Even the fries were on point and I typically hate fries. I wasn't even drunk and this meal was like a religious experience. The Bob Marley burger has some awesome stuff going on as well "One of the worst bars on campus. The place gets super crowded and the music is deafening. If you like not being able to move  go to Seven Saints or Destihl. If you're more of looking for a place with a college atmosphere  you can get a side of mac and cheese and let me tell you it is in the top three mac and cheeses offered in the Chambana area. If you can get over the fact that you are eating at Joe's  and it's really the kind of meal you should eat only half of and bring the rest home as leftovers. I've had most of the burgers without mushrooms. The Bob Marley "Joe's let's the major of Champaign personally come and raid the bar and give people tickets. It's not so much a diss on Joe's but the fact that the major actually thinks this is a huge issue. Like there are much worse things going on at this campus than this. If this major didn't have a beer before she was twenty one  you can still smell the stale beer that has surely soaked into the wood work at this point. Who knew this place had such great lunch! Lots of awesome ingredients from guacamole It's easy to get bored."  my girlfriend and I  saw a roach crawling on a counter for drinks while eating SO DISGUSTING" fantastic scenery! the service is incredible! all yah need is a beer and a mother egging bro * * for awesome outdoor seating" Misses the 5th star for lack of indoor seating and no real food selection for a place you would imagine would have a great full kitchen." UPDATE: Forgot to mention this place deserves 1/2 more star because they replaced overrated PBR with HIGH LIFE for their ultra-cheap draft beer!  Yum!" * The beer tastes watered-down and the food is ridiculously bland and over-priced."  the decent beers and the average but very cheap food... I HATED that as a gay couple we felt really weird with all the drunk 30-40 somethings disapproving and some strange looks from staff... however things seem to have changed in that regard and we haven't had any adverse experiences in the last 6 months. Yeay." Cowboy Monkey tries a bit too hard.  And on Friday nights is absolutely infested with frat bros.  WTF.  That said The outdoor seating is nice as long as there's no one puffing around you." $2 PBR bottles all night long.  Attentive and nice barkeeps.  Mix of 40somethings and college kids.  Decent sound.  Class organization all around." "Decent music spot and great in nice weather to sit outside and have a beer.  But do not go there hungry  but if you have never been to a really cool place then I guess Cowboy Monkey will do. I saw a lot of older people and not many young people  I ordered the gazpacho. It was bad. It was really just pico de gallo with more cucumbers. Not a soup but more of a raw salsa with large chunks."  Cowboy Monkey does not serve their tasty Tex-Mex fare during winter or early spring. They open just in time for EbertFest at the end of April. If you like Americanized Mexican food  to sum it up I got punched in the face by an enthusiastic dancer and got WAY overcharged.  So "Definitely a solid place to go for some Mexican style pub food and a brew during the summer. This place is nice and intimate for venues as well  and wrote NO TIP on the tip line. Later my cleared bank statement says the jerk gave himself a $5 tip! That is not ok!" if you are looking for a dj who cranks out the frat favorites of 2007 and does it loud and proud... you will love this bar.  if you are looking for a chill place to hang out with your friends and have a couple decent beers Great patio. Odd bathroom set up. A nice little cocktail menu for a slightly more upscale dancy bar.  Would go again...mostly for convenience.  :)  if you are not a fan of sweet drinks do not get the flavored margaritas  it is totally out of place in the downtown area.  And let's not talk about food  we got a gift certificate to the bar and bought rounds of shots. Cannot think of a better way to spend a sunday." Love the salsa dancing here! This is a great place to sit outside and enjoy a cocktail and the weather."  don't sweat it; just walk to one of the many other good bars in downtown Champaign. We started going to the Tuesday-night trivia at Jupiter's at the Crossing Great during the spring/summer/early fall because of outdoor seating!  Also during this time the food is great!  Trivia is fun on Sunday's with Dave.  I don't frequent during the winter because the inside is pretty dark and decently small.  I hope they expand their inside into where Carrie's used to be and do food year round! rQo3lrePdOiNtEs3t8zfQA "Cowboy... I came here literally every Wednesday night for latin dance nights even when I had a final exam the next day or was tired. Thank you for being free entry. I understand that you had to stop serving us dancers free water after so long It's perfect rock n roll club!"  Let me start by saying the whole ""bar scene"" isn't really my thing. But we went here for a friend's birthday and I was thoroughly impressed. The staff was welcoming The best part of our visit was the jazz band outside and the service which was excellent!  They have a huge drink menu.  My margarita tasted like orange juice...no hint of a margarita:(. The nachos were just average mostly goopy.  I will go back for the music but will only order a glass of wine as they need to work on shortening their list and doing something inside the kitchen/bar outstanding:)  but something fishy happened at their cash register. I closed my tab which was only for one drink + a decent tip and the next day when I looked at my transaction I saw that they had charged me $25.  Not an honest business. Will not be returning."  going with 3 stars. If based on patio and beverages alone...well Food is always consistent and tastes well. Beware things can be a bit spicy. The waitresses on the other hand are not good. They tend to have a difficult time bringing drinks in a timely matter and are just not that smart when it comes to their job.   On a positive note their manager is very friendly and the bus boy takes pride in keeping the place clean!  Patio atmosphere is nice but music tends to be a bit too loud. "Outdoor seating is awesome!! Great location. Food is yummy. Can be spicy. My friends love the bean dip. Servers can be on the slow side. However The service was good that night because the waitress kept coming back to fill our waters and ask us how we were doing. Cowboy Monkey is very good about accommodating larger groups; they pull small tables together to make a large one."  and the trivia (once it got going) made for a fun night."  sat down and waited 25 minutes with no one acknowledging our presence. We left and went somewhere that appreciates our business."  I figured I would try their food and wish I had not. The guacamole was a crime to avocados everywhere First time there.... Very small place. Bartender was SUPER RUDE. Not kidding. The whole place smelled bad and all in all I just don't want to go back there. "Nice atmosphere with the patio seating. We aren't from the area and wanted to try a local beer. Waitress could not tell us anything about the beers on tap. Menu listed regular beers on tap that weren't. The waitress knew the names of the beers they had  the Black Crowes...keep going.  Good hamburgers and cheddar broccoli.  Also a great black bean burger.  Excellent place to grab lunch.  Reminds me of Southport Avenue in Chicago."  you heard me. There should be a reason these were so cheap (I guess around $7)  and the peeps are chill as hell--and most likely you're not gonna run into many undergrads ;)"  then they expanded it and all types hang out there. Just your basic  I would definitely recommend this place.  The only problem with sitting outside is that you do not get to throw your peanut shells on the floor- you have to bring a bowl outside for the shells... ah well...  On those cold winter nights I can throw my shells on the floor inside."  the TV sound may be off and the jukebox may be playing an eclectic mix that span the genres reflective of the patron demographics. Other entertainment options "Esquire rocks. The place is dirt cheap and the food is simple and good. 1.50 pints of old style and 3 dollar grilled cheese sandwiches make this place my cheap go to in Champaign. They also have free peanuts which are good when you are too cheap to buy the cheap food  and our waiter chimed in that he thought Bentley's had it-- and actually CALLED over there to make sure! It was a wonderful experience."  and that happens with any bar in downtown on the weekend." The feel of the bar makes it acceptable for both 21 year olds and 60 year olds.  You never feel too young or too old here  what an experience. I will NEVER go there again! TERRIBLE SERVICE! SO SO FOOD! NOT WORTH IT ONE BIT!"  my favorite bar in Champaign (if not anywhere)!" "Esquire pretty much kicks ass. I first discovered it while I was working for the city across the street and would come over for lunch quite a bit to get a steak sandwich while I was in the process of packing on the pounds.  I've since lost weight and now I eat the black bean veggie burger (absolutely delicious).  Esquire has grown and changed (a bit) over the years to accomodate the changes in downtown Champaign "The staff is extremely friendly and attentive. The food is cheap and is great I wouldn't necessary come here if you're looking to get all dressed to impress on a weekend night  I am giving a 5 star rating. The cheap food and beer is an added bonus. And I almost forgot  I got to work on honing my pool-skills (or lack thereof =P)." the only reason i am not giving this place 5 stars is because i haven't tried the food. once i do  and I'm still kicking myself for only checking this place out now. Plus free peanuts! I LOVE FREE PEANUTS. Now  Esquire is a down-to-earth place with good prices and good food." Good spot to get your grown-folks drink on.  Did I mention the most reasonable drink prices around?  Three pints of PBR under 5 bucks for the win!"  nice atmosphere with a wide range of customers. Will come again."  and definitely not traditional bar food. That said  and there is a wide selection of drinks available."  but the fact is that this place is not stand-out awesome in any particular way. If you want to take your friends from Chicago to visit 4 places in downtown Champaign that are all different from each other  most endearing things about this bar is its all-around friendliness. I often go here by myself in the evening with whatever book I'm currently reading  great for a late night snack or late meal."  the only reason this one hasn't gone out of business has to be the location." I only went there once but I really liked it.  I have never been to a place where it felt so comfortable.  I got a burger which was pretty good and reasonably priced.  They have free peanuts and the atmosphere is great.  I sat outside and it was just a really comfortable place to be.  Everyone there was friendly and just relaxing.  Service and atmosphere is the best part of the place.  and $4.75 pitchers of PBR? ... Can't go wrong here!" pPWre8lbVAssER6CN0uWMw  but it's a pretty fun place to go to for a hang out with friends." Delicious pineapple margarita and burgers. Can't go wrong! UPDATE: The jukebox is now gone. I am not happy."  Friendly Servers and a welcoming atmosphere." Surprisingly good bar food. Good sandwiches and bag of chips. Cheap beer. "We were looking for a place to eat and grab a beer with little kids after a long drive. We were also looking for something with a ""college"" feel considering its a college town and we are about 10 years out of college. Nostalgia gets me every time. This place had a much older crowd (on a Monday)...think 45 year old regulars  uninviting service.  The crowd in this place is 40+ and unless you fall into this category  which is understandable because the food is amazing. I tried the steak garden salad and the meat was cooked to perfection. Most restaurants serve bland salads or poor cuts of red meat  and I LOVE wings. These things had enough salt to turn Lake Michigan into a salt lake. They were awful.  I would not go back at all. I'll eat diner food  PBR and Mediterranean pizza from the Esquire anytime!  Best bar in town!"  great considering the fact that they're putting up with a lot of drunken shenanigans. Also  a staff member came and started screaming bloody murder at us. I was stunned and asked my friends what was going on. From how she was acting you would've thought someone had gotten killed. Turns out my friend forgot to pay for pool. She was out her damn mind yelling at us like she was crazy! The way this woman acted was completely rude and unprofessional. There are numerous ways she could've dealt with this situation and the way she chose was completely and utterly unacceptable. Honestly don't know how this place is still in business. Wish I could give this place 0 stars. Yeah The servers were nice but the atmosphere was too load. I wont be back here but that mostly has to do with the lack of food options."  great prices- nice relaxed atmosphere.  Esquire is definitely a place to be visited when in Champaign!" "Just got back from a great party at Esquire. The food was fantastic!  Their fried chicken is out of this world and they also had really good Greek salad and potato salad. They have a good bar selection too...I had good German beer. It's just a friendly The food and the men's bathroom share some compelling similarities- they are both occasionally necessary  but at Esquire it's the whole package that keeps me coming back. That and those peanuts. For real."  not perfect.  Though the goods far out way the bad.  An institution in the downtown Champaign area Love this place. I eat here at least 4 times a week. It has it's own charm and staff are all friendly once you get to know them. pPWre8lbVAssER6CN0uWMw This place seems to be a staple of downtown champaign." Mostly great venue.  Beer selection is good.  Easy to get to.  Food is ok.  Salmon is awesome.   Just a few times there was an issue with either too much noise from the TV or jukebox so I couldn't hear the person next to me. But the bathrooms...avoid the bathrooms."  there is a nice energy throughout. Staff is great and service is prompt and friendly. The News Gazette has an Illini-based sports talk radio show there on mondays that is always a good time." "Atmosphere is fun and a great place to come out and shoot pool with friends but I can't stand coming here for lunch. I don't know why I bothered trying a second time. So my main complaint about the lunch dining experience is sanitation. I ordered the burger the first time and a hot dog the second. I guess some people don't mind having a communal condiments station but I have a problem with this. The fresh produce like pickles Great prices on drinks and food. The thin crust pizza is delicious. Good selection of draft beers.  they have PBR pints for a dollar on Sunday." My favorite bar. Great mix of people combined with the best thin crust pizza around (love the garden pizza) and topped off with a Crooked Tree on tap. I've never left disappointed! Two thumbs up for Esquire! Will definitely be back next time I'm visiting Champaign" "Their pizzas are pretty good -- thin crust. Get the BBQ chicken. The food isn't amazing but it's pretty good for a lounge/bar. I've tried their sandwich as well with pulled pork. This was very tasty! Had it during lunch time when it's not too busy. Apparently they have a buffet lunch or something. Cool "Came on a Friday night and it was really packed. Our waitress was really busy and it took her about 20 minutes to ask us what we wanted. The seating area is kind of cramped; chairs were often back-to-back. Their pizza is good  this is our go to. The menu is surprisingly diverse and high quality for the prices and you can't beat the free peanuts. Their drink specials are pretty great and they have a pretty impressive selection of beer. I wouldn't make a special trip for it but if you want a cheap place to meet up with friends or find yourself hungry in downtown champaign  talk to them even when you r so busy & suggest items. Let's you drink a little before. killing u with ordering ..at the bar!!!!. She is awesome!! And will be on our 40% tip group. We may be in our 50's but we're in bar biz & know what one should expect. We spend money  that's not a big deal. I guess I'm just not used to this feel. I personally think their drink menu is shot. The positive: this is the only place I've found near campus that serves chicken tenders! Kudos."  (as I do) they allow smoking out on the patio which is always fun on a warm summer night. The people that sit out on the patio are always so friendly and the staff is quite attentive to your needs as well. This place is situated right in downtown Champaign which is such a nice place to be Great alcohol. However I was with a group of 3 and we ordered multiple drinks because we are all semi alcoholics and they told us we could only have one drink each. You all have lint butt.  and has lost the knowledge that the customer comes first." They have a surprisingly good beer selection and infuse their own liquors.  Seriously a must-try in Chambana." So me and my husband go here all the time and we gambell if we got it..seldom drink more less eat and run..most the time my husband orders same pizza everytime depending on who takes his order if it comes out right and i flip flop between pizza a hamburgers with fried broccoli..i most the time i have a great experience when everything pans out...  but they serve good bar food in a quiet little restaurant. The super relaxed environment is definitely part of the appeal for me. My wife and I were able to go out for a cheapish  nice crowd mixed between the locals and the (typically grad) students.  Super convenient location near the terminal."  and a nice atmosphere. Service was super fast. Salad was surprisingly fresh (and only $3.50!). Pizza was great. Throwing peanuts on the ground was fun. Overall I wanted Pizza - I wanted Good Pizza - Lady Di posted a picture of her lunch on facebbok - and the picture was PIZZA from Esquire Lounge! It looked DMN Good! So on Saturday I ordered one --- Sausage Cheese and Mushrooms..  I have traveled from Coast to Coast - my dad loved tasking me to a place in chicago and spending upwards of 80.00 on what is known as Chicago's Famous Pizza ... Can't touch Esquire Lounge Pizza --- Too Bad I don't drink... So (5) Star!   When I walked in the female bar attendant ingnored me TOTALY - Then a kind gentleman from the back came over drying his hands - all smiles and was California Kind! Sorry I did't tip him... But the female waitress had me SHOCKED! This is 2015 -  THIS PLACE WILL SEE ME AS OFTEN AS I WANT A SNACK! LOL! HAPPY !  and they handle the crew very nicely.  Crooked Tree is always on tap! Why not five stars?  Cause the food isn't free? not sure." We visited due to the outstanding Yelp reviews  you have to come here. They have a tomato bisque soup that is incredible! Definitely a most go to place"  they also make really good flatbread pizzas. There is always seating because this place is huge including an outdoor patio area. Service is always great and I have honestly never gotten a drink that I disliked. Just for that  especially when it's not busy. The food is typical casual American fare Why not 5 stars? Every time I go the service is horrendous. Absolutely terrible. Not because the server is inherently bad at what he/she does but the place is understaffed and our server was most likely a bit overwhelmed." 6U94ybDpNd0fTL7TIzb5Kg I can't wait to go home again now that C-U is smoke-free. I will be able to enjoy this place at times other than 2 PM when there are actually other humans there."  all at good prices.  You can't go wrong with Jupiter's if you're in a pool or pizza kinda mood." "Excellent pizza (full disclosure: I was a cook here) and decent beer selection. The pool tables make it difficult to socialize at time Thank goodness the Blind Pig had no room for us and we were able to make a stop at Jupiters. This is a great stop towards the end of the night. Still one of the best pizza places in town. Great place to play pool. And drinks are quickly refreshed since it doesn't get as crowded as some of the other places.  nothing aproaching green street bars though.  Nice segueway bar on the transition from ""college"" bar patrion to normal bar patrion.  Sadly many don't make this transition."  nice beer selection.  Perfect for watching sports and playing pub games."  thin crust.  Best Pizza in town IMHO (not a big Papa Dels fan). Beer selection is so-so."  especially at their new location! More seating! You still can't get in on weekend nights -- but that means they'll be around for a while!"  especially being a block out of the way from the other downtown restaurants... I am still a fan."  though I have no idea why.  I wish we had a Jupiters or equivalent in California. My favorite is their sausage "Great F-ing pizza.  That's it  I will sing your praises on the harp  and the smoked salmon pizza just sounds too interesting to pass up!"  but back in college I used to show much love to the BBQ chicken as well. Tuesday nights - half price large pizzas! Everything here seems cheap compared to my current location of NYC 6U94ybDpNd0fTL7TIzb5Kg I've been here only once as of yet and I loved it!  I love their pizza menu.  The combinations are interesting (or you can make your own) and the crust is very good.  I had a mustard base sauce pizza that was awesome!  I loved it.  Nowhere else could I go for this pizza.  We had three pizzas at the table and I enjoyed all of them very much.  I think the environment is a lot of fun also.  The price is fair.  It's 6.99 for a personal pizza which a good size!  I'm looking forward to coming back!  Friday and Saturday can be very slow for service. Also  and sometimes it is just nice to get away from campus restaurants and bars! I would definitely make a trip to Jupiters the next time I'm in 'paign." They also have drink specials just about every night. It's a fun bar for playing some pool "I like this place. The pizza is good enough; if you're one of those people who loves adventurous toppings on pizzas  fun atmosphere. It's definitely one of my favorite places to go in downtown champaign. I recommend every U of I student to check this place out with friends there before graduation ."  fantastic pizza and reasonable drinks."  the servers are great and the atmosphere is nice  and the pizza is similar to Monical's thin crust pizza if you're curious what to expect.  There's a BIG arcade room with pool tables and video games  it doesn't really do anything for me To this day it is the only bar my friends have ever been kicked out of for being too loud. It was a Saturday night and we were kicked out of a bar for being too loud." "Great pizza and friendly service.  The place is plenty big  thin crust that paper thin with a crisp bite to it. 10 larges on Fridays. Pool tables are in good shape which is nice for a bar. Don't really have to wait to long to get a pool table"  not to mention the games. 6+ professional pool tables and pinball arcade style games as well! All I can tell ya is whenever I'm in town I will stop to catch a ball game or eat some awesome food and drinks!!! 5 stars!" Came in here after a ball game to relax and watch some really good pool players. Man was I surprised by the excellent food and great service! Bartenders are super friendly and serve up awesome drinks at great prices! Love the pizza cant wait to try the sandwiches...will definitely return! Pizza is served California Pizza Kitchen-style. Some people play pool during lunch. Don't play pool unless you're at Brother's. pizzas are solid. hawaiian is my go to. a normal person could easily down two of these bad boys Just your average sports bar. My girlfriend enjoyed the thin crust pizza so that was good enough for me. Pretty large venue with plenty of seating. Friendly service. Very college-like.  they have great service and they do a fantastic thin crust pizza.  My personal faves lie in a dead heat between their ""margherita"" and ""fajita"" pizza.  Though this isn't the only place to offer these selections  beyond decent drink specials The decor is nice and makes for a nice ambiance. Good beer selection and pizza. Pool tables are some of the best in town. Overall great local place to go.  thin crust that is awesome.  The specialty pizzas like Pizza Pesto is great.  Can't go wrong making your own as well.  They come in personal The service is always a little hit and miss--it'd be nice if the wait staff knew the beers better and had a better sense of timing (waiting for the check seems normal). But staff are usually friendly. For a place to get a chill dinner downtown Good pizza.  It's thing crust with nice crunch.  Normally I'm not a thin crust fan but this was surprisingly good.  The place had a bunch of pool tables which were cool but it limits seating.  Luckily we got seats at the bar.  the waitress asked if we wanted anything else. We said no and assumed she would bring us the check. But didn't and we sat there for like 10 more minutes. Had to grab her attention and then ask for the check. We weren't drinking or anything so I'm not sure why she thought we would want to just hang out. Minor inconvenience though so it's whatever."  comfy atmosphere! Prices arent bad! Good service!! Convenient location! I like to make my own pizza... Cream sauce  and this pizza is thin! Fun place with friends" We'd go back but mostly due to the lack of quality pizza places in town."  most hostile waitresses I've ever interacted with. Just awful. I'll never go back." Amazing thin crust pizza!  We moved to CA and cannot find anything even close!  Good salty meats and delicious sauce! worth the half off tues. guys... real cheese in those shakers. nuff said.  but clearly they focus on beer and drinks as much as pizza.  and they had some nice christmas stuff up so it didn't feel like a creepy bar.  i will definitely go back and take other people who have never heard of it before!    definitely on my list to recommend to others."  and the beer selection is kind of lame (all the domestic Big Three bottles you can drink!) "2 things I love. Good pizza and billiards. And this place has both. Jupiter's is a great place if you want to unwind from a busy week or simply...you need something to get your mind off an exam. Overall "I would have given Jupiter's 4 or 5 stars for the pizza. But they probably have the rudest waitress in Champaign. The other Jupiters location is much better as a restaurant. If you want a drink or play pool Pizza is soso and pricy."  I guess a lot of people like crunchy pizza I'd go back if I were looking for a late night bite "I bought and paid for one beer. I get home and they had charged me 25 dollars. I called them and they told me it was standard to open a tab and the difference would be reimbursed. Would have been nice to know BEFORE they did it. Epic fail on their part If you're judging in terms of flavor and thin crust crisp "A very consistant pool bar with great pizza. My family loved the atmosphere  BUT the crust was terrible. Someone from Brooklyn a few reviews down has it spot on--tasted like a cracker. This not thin crust pizza. Any random pizzeria in NYC would have had infinitely better thin crust than what these pizzas had. This was cardboard crust pizza. I know this ain't exactly NYC  good beer. Will be back again soon for sure! I recommend the prosciutto di parma pizza and the BBQ chicken pizza. Yummyyyy" My only complaint about this place is the speed of service. I've been one time when the waiter forgot to put one of our pizzas in "The service was just okay; our server wasn't the most attentive. The pizza was good  with every single sports event you can think of. The pool rates are inexpensive at only $6 per hour. The only sketchy issue I had was that there was a back entrance which led into a room where horse race betting is going on This place is a nice and just the downtown place where you want to spend a weekday evening for a drink and some nice pizza. The atmosphere is generally good. They have the best pizza! They are the thinnest crispy pizza. We go to Tuesday's half off pizza day. "This is my favorite thin crust pizza in the area. I've brought numerous friends and family to Jupiter's and everyone seems to love it. The place is almost always empty so the service is pretty quick. Even after an early football game Great variety of pizza.  Great beers on table.  Pool tables everywhere and readily available.  What's not to love?  or extremely poor.  It's just a run of the mill bar in downtown Champaign (though  is when they don't care what price they put on the menu and the servers will throw some extra on there because they're careless. Just not cool. Bombay Grill did this but their food is actually good enough that  what they call pizza is so thin it might as well be flatbread. Yet if you want super  a good offering for a thin-crust style. My favorites are the Preferito and BBQ chicken. I find them to be a tad overpriced  but decided to give them a call anyway to check if they can find the receipt. And guess what? They said yes - it will take some time to pull up but we can definitely help you. Half an hour later they sent out the information and I was able to submit the receipt. Thank you so much for such an awesome service and good food!"  and just great times with so many great people. This is one of those highly subjective reviews where I can't quite give a rational justification of why this place gets 5 stars and not just 4...there's just a feel to this place that makes it such a breeze to have department shindigs  very dark.  Hard to get service. Ordered a house salad w/ no cucumbers & no croutons.  Salad came w/ a mountain of cheese.  Menu did not say anything about cheese.  Salad #2 came out with no onions.  I specifically asked for onions.  Trying to flag down my server was difficult. I told her to take it off my bill.  Pizza came  a great place and great service!" Perching yourself at the bar for half-off wine and some dessert on Sunday night is a great way to enjoy the ambiance of this hip little place."  and dessert.  Thad is serious about his menu and you feel it when you experience his creations.  Libby always recommends the absolute perfect wine for every course...don't even bother trying to compete with her pairing knowledge.  The food is rather smart and inventive.  the interior is very reminiscent of blackbird in chicago." "another great experience last night at Bacaro. Over the top with wine and interesting food. I did the chefs choice starting with an incredible assortment of meats everything from house cured proscuitto to blood sausage and veal sweetbreads. We moved on to a great salad of raddichio and goat cheese with hazelnuts  the service is great.  This is a very professional place that you wouldn't expect to see in Champaign."  but I will certainly go back if I ever have a special enough occasion again."  but it was an interesting experience."  esp. about wine.  I am curious to see how the metamorphosis of the former Persimmon Grocery into a mozzarella bar (is CU ready?)/wine lounge/private dining salon will go."  if a little pretentious. But everything was overshadowed by the cavatappi. Just because we are students doesn't mean we don't deserve good food. I've had fantastic entrees for less at other places in CU." I think I need to save to go there again  but I really don't want to dislike this establishment and would like to come back again sometime in the future and give it another chance.  Until then  but I am so pissed about how the food has turned out for the price. Seriously..."  ambiance was great (although it's a shame that the place was so empty)... it was really a great dinner (sure And like what everyone else said  but if you're going with appetizers and dessert the amount of food will leave you full and happy without being too stuffed to leave your chair. The waitress made a great wine selection to go with our food. The restaurant isn't very big "This place is amazing.  I've only been their twice since each meal costs half a months rent.  It's totally worth it though. Also  and sweet smelling lotions! I want to try dinner here too but haven't been that adventurous. I'll update if i do!"  and the food was very over-priced.  I paid almost $30 for the ribeye steak which was the worst ribeye I have ever had.  If you want ribeye I'm not sure if it was just this visit or the one that followed that biased me  yet gave 4/5 stars? I have to save a star; there are better restaurants in the world." h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A Not rushing back any time soon."  including cloth hand towels in the loo.  Then I'll knock one star off for being too pricey for the market  I haven't had a better meal. I had the veal and it was wonderful. I can't recall much else but in a town without much choices other than the usual college fare  but overall the food was excellent.  My only complaint with Bacaro is the service.  Our waitress was attentive "Bacaro has been through some subtle but incredibly effective changes. I am happy to say it has taken back it's rightful spot as both my favorite and simply the best restaurant in town... and one of the my favorite spots anywhere. As I mentioned previously the decor and staff are superb Service is the only reason it was rated a 3 but the food is a 4." I lived in Chicago for many years so I had a LOT of great food around me  one would expect basic restaurant treatment.  I waited for 15 minutes even though I had a reservation.  The host was a snooty "My boyfriend took me to Bacaro for an amazingly romantic dinner date.  I was impressed with the atmosphere  showed promise of things possibly greater but comparing it to a dozen places I could name off the top of my head in either city Bacaro was good but at these prices it should have been better." The whole time my date and I were staring at this couple that did the at the time $98/person tasting menu...one YOUNG lady and a very old man... and they were a riot so I guess we had fun watching them. Other then that Wine bar is pretty decent and deserts taste good."  in contrast to many of the other reviewers who saw them as ""snooty"" and pretentious. The atmosphere was pleasant and the ambient music was suitable for the occasion." Excellent service. They were very busy so the food was slow but they kept our mouths entertained with free bread and appetizers. Of course it is pricey but it is worth it. Food was excellent.  Bacaro will not disappoint.  5 of us had a fantastic time at this restaurant last night.  We shared a couple of appetizers and entrees and everyone loved every dish we had.  The resounding favorite was the octopus appetizer which was tender and flavor- full.   The beef tenderloin was charred nicely on the exterior and was cooked to a perfect pink.  The seared scallops with Myers Lemon were refreshing and light.  The gnocci was a showstopper as was the risotto with black truffles and the duck breast.  We asked Thad Seating is limited and parking can be difficult to find but there's really no doubt that the food served here is the best in Champaign."  my gnocchi tasted like it came out of a Bertolli bag in the frozen section at a supermarket and the sauce was inundated with salt. After trying some parmesan I would totally recommend Bacaro if you need ""fancy dinner out."" Sometimes I do.  Sometimes I have parents who need impressing."  the best restaurant in Champaign right now.  I go frequently and will continue to go.  The food is consistently good I guess the only complaint is that the prices here are the same as in NYC..." This is a very good place to eat in the Champaign area.  The reason I gave it 5/5 (instead of 4/5) is because even though the food is a little over priced in my mind  but worth every penny. Incredible wine selection and a staff that loves to help you find that perfect food and wine pairing."  etc.  And NOTHING else.  He was stil hungry after he ate it.  (He was already asking what would be for breakfast that night when we went to bed because he was still hungry.)  I read someone else's review on Yelp that also said $28 for chicken?!  (yelp says I'm out of space  this is the best food around.  I really appreciate what this restaurant is about: good local food presented in a sophisticated yet approachable way.  The Monday arket menu is a great price too.  The staff is not pretentious which is always nice to see.  This is a diamond in the C-U rough."  perfectly portioned and delicious! We had the chef's tasting menu and I'm so happy we did. There were things that the waitress brought out that I would have never thought to order but ended up loving more than the others. I'd definitely recommend this place!"  there are certain dishes that are more tasty than others.  I would definitely recommend trying Bacaro at least twice in an attempt to determine the types of dishes you like and don't like." I can't say enough good things about this very very special restaurant.  I'm just disappointed we took so long to finally get around to eating there.  We will be back... this is now my favorite restaurant in Champaign Urbana!!"  the food has been good maybe 1.5 times- with me being able to say I enjoyed one complete meal (valentine's day) and the side of one of my mains (the spaetzle). If the food was consistent h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  but the food is too buttery and overpriced. I went there twice last year. I forget exactly what I ordered  it probably will not return to Champaign again. I wish I could take this restaurant with me on the road. It was a pleasure to have this restaurant available in the middle of Illinois. The scallops and pork were delicious. The grilled octopus salad is a must. Portions are not huge  best restaurant in CU."  everything on the menu was 2 to 4 dollars more expensive than the already high prices posted on their ""sample menu"" online.   To be fair  it was so tender.  I was so thrilled the chef has decided to include this as one of the courses.  We had a big scallop seared and served over corn salsa which was almost sweet but just delicious.  We also had braised rabbit I am from Dallas and in Champaign for business.  I looked at Yelp for suggestions on good places to eat and Bacaro seemed to be the place to go.  I thought it was great.  Unique tasty dishes! h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  and I could not have asked for a better experience. Food was excellent and the atmosphere was very warm and pleasant. Portions were reasonable Food was very good and presentation is excellent.   This is Champaign's version of  a Manhattan bistro. Perfect restaurant for dates."  hands down the best food.  We ordered the tasting menu and were not disappointed.  Seven courses and all were expertly prepared.  Staff was friendly and courteous....  we'll definitely be back."  beautiful food. Perfect amounts. Attentive. Just perfect."  topped off by a menu with ample flexibility."  I'm spoiled with the level of cuisine we can experience on a regular basis.  Although this restaurant wasn't quite on the level of Chicago The steak was excellent .  But I ordered  artichokes for the table and they were scrawny and there were only 2   Not much taste.  I had had them the night before at Radio Maria's and they were delish.  Also the price was way too high for this type of Italian food in downstate Illinois.  cool bar! Thad the owner is most gracious and makes everyone feel like a guest in his home. The wait staff is most accommodating and shares in Thad's love for the culinary arts. Bacaro might remind you of a River North restaurant (Chicago) without the inflated cost. Great people watching can be had on their outdoor terrace."  out he came!  Tainted our experience and maybe our waitress was just having a bad day but when you are dropping that kind of money on dinner- you had better train your wait staff on how to properly serve and deal with customers.  It was a shame because from the chef end- he did a great job of making delicious and interesting food- it's just too bad no one explained it well or delivered it professionally."  a great spot for good food and drink." "I had a lovely anniversary dinner here a few years back. I remember the pumpkin ravioli being delicious and the waiter service being great. Portions are relatively small Just wanted to post an update. We received a very kind letter from owner/ manager apologizing for our experience and gave us a generous gift certificate to try them again.  We definitely will give them another chance. Again- the food is amazing and we want to see them succeed." I probably wouldn't go here again just because its priced to high to take a chance on a very average meal. There are a lot of places near by that you get exactly hat you pay for. Unfortunately Bacaro is not one of those places." "If you want to be treated like garbage at a pretentious overpriced ""whatever"" of a restaurant then go.  My recommendation is avoid because there is way too much attitude here.  We were greeted rudely when they learned we did not have a reservation.... On a freaking Thursday.... In a college town!  We walked out  I am rating it in the context of other ""fine-dining"" establishments.  The restaurant's chefs clearly know how to cook Used Yelp to find this place and was not disappointed. Very good food and service meant for a great time. Will definitely go back when in Champaign again. "We had an absolutely great meal at Bacaros! We went all vegetarian but the mushrooms Wine list was very good. Food was excellent. Service was great. Atmosphere was great.  Will go again. I wold recommend this to anyone.  but with the server's help we all were very pleased with our orders! Also a great wine selection topped off the evening- also ordered with the staff's assistance. Awesome place!"  the servers are always more than willing to explain the menu with great detail and offer their recommendations. If I could afford to eat there more than three times a year h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  but it is only mediocre in both taste and atmosphere." "Celebrated early retirement with 7 of us and thoroughly enjoyed the tasting menu and Benjamin's service!  Would highly recommend!  Food I've taken my wife here on two occasions. And both times the food and wine parings was amazing. I had a request for roses on the table for my wife and they were there when we arrived. The look of excitement on my wife face was priceless.  Thanks Bacaro. h9xdY1NO4GnNijNChTy-8A  and a wonderful wine selection. Over the weekend I took a date here for dinner. We both had the filet. It was wonderful!  Cooked to perfection "I really liked Phils dish better than my own but the ambiance and the service was excellent  I love the extensive wine selection! Their bottle selection is really impressive. We had the pizzetta for an appetizer which has a great combination of flavors! I also loved the risotto Sometimes the dishes ""try too hard"" to be unique and modern; I'm all for molecular gastronomy and modern cuisine (even tried some in my kitchen) but the combination has to work. Chocolate cake and bacon? Not as good as chocolate cake without bacon."  quiet dining experience." "There are not a lot of really nice dinning restaurants in Champaign.  The menu is seasonal and changes at least 4 times per year.  All made fresh   but we both agree the smoked potato gnocchi was the winner! Nice atmosphere and friendly staff!  We will definitely come back!!!"  atmopshere. Sunday  1/2 price wine by the glass is a great deal. You won't regret going to Bacaro. This place would do well in Chicago or any other ""foodie"" city."  and ambience always excellent. Well tonight things went quite differently. It was looking like a total disaster. Issues with food service reservations etc. Then Rose (asst mgr) came to the rescue. Within a few minutes everything was made right. Loved Bacaro before "The finest dining restaurant anywhere around. The farm to table cousine is perfectly prepared. Our service is always fantastic and we bring our whole family--our children love the octopus. This is a prime example of ""you get what you pay for"". type of dining. Cocktails are consistently delicious and  the wine recommendations are excellent."  sweet Jesus it was awesome! This particular day was the Ciabatta bread sandwich with fresh mozzarella This restaurant is sort of hit and miss. I have had some really spectacular pasta with sea urchin. And some fairly mediocre short ribs. This is one of the best restaurants in the area but it wouldn't hold up too much competition elsewhere  we got PO'ed at the portions and went to another restaurant to fill up right after."  was attentive and kind. Very delicious and great presentations of each. Thank you to everyone on the staff for a lovely evening."  the mushroom dish that was described as served over risotto was served over cold orzo. Didn't knock my socks off."  it was amazing. We decided in the tasting menu and each got the wine pairing. There were seven courses on the tasting menu  try the 7 course tasting menu at 85 dollars. I don' t know if that is a deal but at least you get to try everything for $$$"  the ambiance was nice and we were seated at a table near the windows in the front.   I just am not super impressed with the portions or the prices."  the place was completley empty.  Two tables total seated eating.  After 2 people  and much talking they sat us.  price was very high.  food was average.  service was extremely slow.  The place never got more than half full.  Not sure what they consider booked.  Not worth the money." We went for a market Monday tasting menu meal with wine pairings. We were worried as the first two courses came out because they were a bit small but each one got larger and more delicious. It was about a 2-hour event to get through the whole meal but we got to try so many different things (the theme of the night was wild bore) and even though some weren't our top choice Everything was fabulous from start to finish.  which was startling in a fantastic way in its tomato sauce with shaved chorizo sausage--who knew such flavors could brilliantly mix? I followed this with the strip steak Amazing food. Rotating menu with wine recommendations. Large wine selection. Professional staff. Save room for dessert! This is a very very nice little gourmet restaurant that serves very good food at a little bit of a high price. The service was good and my friends and I did have a great time; I guess it could just be a little warmer for the tab. I would definitely get the Lamb Porchetta again and the Panna Cotta for sure. Good place for dates. The atmosphere is good and the service is excellent. I would say this is my favorite place in Champaign after being here for five years.  and she was blown away by the taste difference the pairings made.  I think the reviews stating that this restaurant was 'snooty' or that the service was slow are from people who don't truly understand what this restaurant is.  We spent 2 hours eating our 5 course meal.  It's a place where dining is an experience.  Come here expecting that Just drank some wine there. The bartenders were very nice. The ambiance and atmosphere is very good. Planning to have a dinner or brunch there. Amazing food and staff!! Can wait to go again and try more great food!! Truffle Fries were so fabulous! Would definitely return for another 'date night' or special occasion.  Definitely not a place to go for dinner if you're looking for grub  the waitresses are always so knowledgeable about the food and extensive wine list!  We first started going here five years ago and we have the most amazing oatmeal cream pie with sea salt.  My husband remember how much I enjoy that dessert and called them and asked if they would make that dessert for my birthday.  It was so thoughtful and sweet!  It is hard to find a restaurant that cares this much about it customers!" "I had the pork belly and my date had the fettucini.. both had a perfect combination of flavors.. the wine was great.. ambiance was perfect.. kiefer My boyfriend surprised me and took me here for my birthday and boy did he make a great choice. We each ordered the tasting menu and neither of us were disappointed. Everything we were served was amazing. We had things like drunken goat cheese and  several other things we had never tried before that we both just loved. I can usually find something I don't like when I go somewhere but with this restaurant I had not one issue. Everything from the staff to the atmosphere was just simply wonderful. I cannot wait to go back again. Came here with a friend's parents (who were paying!) and we loved it. The service was great and the food was amazing. I just personally could generally not afford to come here as a student. "Awesome spot to go if you want something a little more intimate and quiet. Good spot to bring a date. Menu changes with the seasons. It was a couple weeks ago since I've been. Server was Evan he was awesome "Fantastic food. The food comes slow on purpose. Abandon any thought of 1 hour meal. We were there 2.5 hours. It was awesome. The proportions aren't ""Central Illinois"" they are regular heathy proportions.  Slow down and enjoy the experience. I had the best soup I've ever tasted. Bring your rich relatives or boss who will pay. Expensive."  the seasoning gave the top a nice crisp and crunchy taste and feel.  The pork chop was accompanied by a few small Rosemary potatoes with a mix of arugula and a hint of olive oil.  The lasagna was not a traditional lasagna  though we can't go as often as we'd like since it is a splurge. The staff is always great: knowledgeable (ask them for recommendations and you will not be disappointed) Menu is comprehensive. Atmosphere intimate and quiet. Service pleasant. Food and service were spot on.  Menu was simple yet diverse.  Nice room.  and atmosphere were excellent.  Upscale dining for Champaign-Urbana area. Pricey  which was also excelent. We paired it with a reasonably priced Chianti wine. Overall one of the best dinning experiences I have in recent memory. The only small blemish on the eveing was we were sitting at the bar for dinner and one of the bartenders grabbed that delicious celery soup from us before we were finished  it's a bit pricey even for one of the few higher end restaurants in the area but the food is solid and the atmosphere is nice. I think it could be a 4 star meal if I didn't have that one bite of lobster that tasted like ammonia and if the desserts were a tiny bit better. However Would definitely recommend and if I'm ever back in the area "This place was top notch. Tried a couple of the ""interesting "" wines as well as a lovely Italian. Service was attentive and quick. Food was excellent and presented well. Will definitely go again." I played here once and thought this spot was pretty cool. I liked how it was layed out and all but it was not that great of a location for DJ's/Dancers. It's ok but it did seem to be a bit too small for the crowd. Had a couple of drinks and left.  Didn't even go hang around the under 21 section downstairs.  Just kidding  no one really in there....the best thing was the $2 coronas and the $1 drinks tickets i got from a smoking hot cougar in a BMW by the downtown sheraton one night." EmzaQR5hQlF0WIl24NxAZA "from what I remember (and was told!!) we had a blast here!  drank and danced after a suns game for about 3 hours.  Music was great for dancing....not sure about the comments here about no alcohol on the bottom floor 5 stars for the drunk females and 1 star for the place being so small! lol ;p It's 21 and over on the second floor and below it's 18+ they don't serve alcohol at the bottom.  they don't play salsa. This place does not attract a lot of people; it is small and plays bad Latin music. Don't waste your night there!"  so we left after 15 minutes and $50 poorer."  and they steal your ID.  How is this garbage still in business???"  watch out for this sleazeball bartender. He'll try to get into your pants by the most disrespectable means." "This place is a joke.  The girls that were handling the cover wouldn't give me my money back from being in that place for only 1 min...   They weren't apologetic at all... On top of that  which ended up getting me shots purchased by a group of southwest airlines flight attendants.  Seemed like a decent place.  Its right next door to 2 other clubs  Miami and Los Angeles. Call me crazy but isn't there ANYWHERE in Phoenix to dance. God forbid you go to Sky Lounge on a Saturday night. OMG. Downstairs is 18 and under and upstairs was pounding and I mean pounding bass with hard super hard rap and for att least 8 songs we waited for one danceable song..........nada.   Waaaah. So we left." "The staff was so RUDE! 1st door guy said we could come in for free anytime Fri night. We came back about 20 min later. Different door guy and some old ladies who would not let us in I think I would check this place out again if i get there earlier and have someone to dance with cause every girl I saw that got asked to dance just turned every guy down no questions asked! LOL" Bartenders will tip them self after you leave Even if you already tip them with cash!" Don't know why lots of people dislike this place for. I think it's pretty cool. I had a good time here. Upstairs gets a but crowded but beside that it's pretty good  music is really and that's what I look for.  had some good and some bad. Overall the place is okay with me. The 1st floor never plays any good music This place is awesome! I usually get the VIP on the second floor. Service is always great people are always friendly and there is always something happening there! From foam parties to all dressed in white events! I would definitely recommend checking it out if you want to have an amazing time down town PHX vip service needs improvements" EmzaQR5hQlF0WIl24NxAZA  we ordered a burger and it was disgusting. It tasted like horrible meat and was so over-seasoned. The staff was horrible. We tried telling them how bad the food was and they did not care at all. I would NEVER go back to this place again. DO NOT COME HERE!!!" Food poisoning alert!!  I am in town for the superbowl and grabbed a quick lunch here on Friday. Today is Monday and I am still sick. My wife and I shared a sampler platter of appetizers and we have both been sick since. We think it was the ranch dressing that came with the meal. Thanks for ruining our vacation! The first floor is 18+ and it was hip hop/latin. The second level is 21+ and it was hip hop/latin. The second floor was much nicer The days and hours of operation need to be updated it's definitely not open on Sundays. I would give zero stars if it were an option.  I would. I called to see if they were open on Thursday night and the girl who answered the phone had EXTREMELY poor phone etiquette. I haven't even been inside the place but if they're going to be answering their phone like that chick did This place is always turnt! I always like coming thru with my friends on Friday and Saturday night. It's also close to the D-Backs stadium and  Suns arena so it's located in a good spot! Great place to walk around and then hit the club with some friends and turn up! Definitely gonna bring my fraternity bros here!  it can be hard to find a good salsa dancer here if  you don't already know one. So salseros/salsaholics if you will be going without a partner you might want to try to find at least one good dancer to go with you so you will have fun.  Or if you look on www.azsalsa.net or www.meetup.com (check for Scottsdale or Phoenix salsa groups) there are plenty of socials and lessons where you can meet others if you are new and want to meet other dancers or go out with a group. The music is good but since I go a lot  and you're in for a surprise at midnight.  So get here no later than 11 and have a few drinks before the club kicks it up a notch."  I would be living in the alleyway behind Tranz. I take friends from out of town and occasionally go myself when I want to shake my ass. If I found a place better than Tranz I'd be there. But this is Phoenix Came here twice on 'goth' night.  Both times the place was dead.  Probably no more than 10 people in the entire place with only 2 people dancing on the large dance floor.  I just don't understand why they can't get people in here and even more puzzling is the fact that they are able to remain open despite the lack of patronage.  the DJ played great music and the decor is gorgeous.  If this place on Friday night is the only goth club in town  more. I really like this place. What sold me completely? The DJ played a reeeally good mix of music. I'm old Can't be simply re-told  given the right amount of preparation in the forms of black eyeliner and cheaper drinks beforehand  this place could easily hold a couple hundred. I and the rest of the group def. enjoyed ourselves because we were so many. Not sure it would have been as great if I only had gone with 1-2 people. But if more people start going it would probably get 5 stars!"  and we WILL NOT stand for it! The manager is a complete asshole and doesnt give a shit if you have a good time or not  and it would be enough of a reason for me to tell everyone I know to never put another cent into these people's pocket. But another line was crossed last night. I've played shows at a lot of the same venues as this great band Also? Maybe invest in some misters for your back bar-it gets ridiculously hot back there when it's packed full of people. It's almost as if this is a bare bones establishment. It's sad because this event is attempting to revive the goth scene yet the venue that it's at (which used to be Tranzylvania back in the day) just plain sucks."  Bartenders real nice. DJ's suck. We have patronized all the goth  bars in town for years and DJ's are getting so bad with music. I used to love this place "Went on the transylvania night 3rd friday of the month was excellent stunning club bar staff great plus djs were good An overall 5.5 stars. hellz yeah."  but not good enough to put up with that crap ever again." i cannot attest for the sports bar side of things but i really liked the food for lunch... the serivce was good and quick... compared to alot of the places in the area i found the food quality pretty high by lunch standards... i will definatly go back... maybe even to watch some sport next time...  fun atmosphere. it can be crowded! for pure sports event viewing  it absolutely rocks after Suns or D-Backs games.  The place is typically packed and it's not uncommon to find local or visiting athletes sipping beers on the narrow sidewalk patio.  The bartenders are personable and charming and it's not unusual for one of them to grab the mic and wander the restaurant singing karaoke (and singing it well).  The spontaneity of patrons singing duets with the bartender or serenading their dates to late-'80s pop ballads makes for a great party-like atmosphere."  but it does get really crowded fast so if you really wanted to come here move fast after the game is over because this place is small!" HOT TIP: A second Majerle's will be opening in Chandler in the fall." was there for week one of the NFL and it wasn't as crowded as i thought it would be.  maybe it was because AZ played monday night.  we were able to get a table right away.  decent amount of tv flat screens everywhere.  good selection of food and drinks.  located in close proximity to US Airways Center and Chase Field. -  A little on the small side...even with the back room its small for a sports bar  (This seems to be an ongoing thing here...cram as many tables as possible into once place "  but one time I was here eating a salad at the bar and Thunder Dan himself came up and asked how I was enjoying everything.  Very outgoing and friendly guy My girl Jacqui liked her entree."  but everything else on the menu seems to be just adequete. One thing I can count on is them always being open until at least midnight and having decent food. You can also count on being harassed by bike taxi guys and hobos out front  but not somewhere that warrants a special trip. I'll have to check it out before a game sometime to get the full effect." Place blows.  So many other great places in the East Valley to visit with your hard earned dollar.  Vote elsewhere."  and single ladies should definitely be here for happy hour - lots of men!  Probably married men let out for a few hours on a weekend....but men nonetheless!  And for the fellas  but it's a nice place to hangout to watch sports." "Last night was my first time at Majerle's and it will probably be my last. It is just your typical sports bar  but I definitely wouldn't choose over 15-20 other places in a 5-mile radius that have great food This is not really a kid-friendly environment but there is nothing to suggest they shouldn't attend. Because the bar is more intertwined with the restaurant and the waitresses are usually minimally dressed Didn't have a bite of food so I can't comment on that.  But I did have a hell of a time and next time I can stay out late on a Tuesday (not nearly as often as I'd like) I will definitely be back!!"  but the exposed brick lends a time-worn atmosphere to this cozy sports bar.  $16 just isn't worth it though. Too many other bars in the vicinity to waste your time."  this is such an easy place to hit on a light rail pub crawl or before or after a game or concert  and thinly sliced corned beef gets you to that point where you food coma out after your lunch break and make for a very unproductive end of the workday in downtown Phoenix.  Go Warriors!!!" I've been the Majerle's before this visit was very nice and I would definitely come back...will come back this time with an appetite." At this point I was so annoyed and tired and wanted to leave.  I asked for the check when she finally walked by a few minutes later (she never came by to ask how anything was).  I didn't even want to bother complaining and waiting to get more food.  After a long day  but I wouldn't ever go out of my way for it though." Drinking here can get pricey; i usually only drink here during happy hour when things are cheap.  They have a bunch of tv's and offer specials during MNF too."  I am watching my figure.) I liked it. I liked it more than I thought I would since it's a sports bar. And it wasn't any more expensive than any other sports bar. I really liked the exposed brick walls that echoed stories from bygone years and sighed in relief that the wrecking ball never came. Thank you to Majerle's for having vision and bringing value to downtown Phoenix."  I was glad I didn't have to pay.  $60+ to ""enjoy"" conversation with a tool and overpriced food and drinks.  Sometimes it's good to be a girl..."  a vodka tonic with 1/2 club soda. an obnoxious drink? sure. but so what? our absolutely awesome server didn't show the slightest bit of annoyance toward me or my drink order.  she was genuinely sweet. i appreciate that. as far as the food and drink  one of my friend had to go to get the waiter. My meal was not put in the system. He never came to apologize. When everyone was more than 1/2 way finished with their meals  perhaps I'll try it again. Probably Not." "This is a great place for out-of-towners to catch their sports teams in action. Bar selection was great. Friendly servers are all attentive and very good for menu recommendations. Thoroughly enjoyed myself  reasonably priced and served with a smile.  Good for a beer and a sandwich while watching a game." "I stopped into the downtown location of Majerle's while in Phoenix on business.  The food was good but nothing to write home to mom about as it was just your typical bar grub.  However It's always fun for us huge Suns fans to stop in there before or after the games to see some players and coaches I'm only commenting this place as a bar and not on its food.  I don't think this would be in my top twenty of choices to eat at with so many other great dining choices nearby.  Only come here for the scene and the drinks  only the bartender and we could see other servers in the back walking around. It's not like they were busy. After sitting there for a few minutes The food is overpriced and so are the drinks. The atmosphere is not casual and the place is not very inviting. The hostess was not friendly and neither was the staff inside. I did not enjoy coming to this place and I don't think I'll be returning.  but the wings are on special during football [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kHpXJ2vciumu2KhNHg0hYA?select=8PgwEaa1nqdCt9c0zP3tBQ]!"  most of their ""servers"" seem to lack a pulse...something that should be manditory for the position. how these people survive on tips is beyond me...americans are just generous people i guess." Great atmosphere.  Awful food.  Everyone looked like they were working hard to make everyone happy.  Except maybe the cooks.  The food was gross.  Good Ranch dressing and fries though.  Thank goodness.  chicken and something else).  The place was empty and the waitress was actually bothered we had chosen to eat dinner in her section.  To make a long story short - I got sick that night with some type of food poisoning and spent the next 12 hours trying to sleep between throwing up and running a fever.  Will definitely never go back." Here's the downfall. Food didn't look appetizing. Generic food that looks as if it came from a frozen box and was heated in a microwave. Wouldn't be surprised. I would stay away from there drink specials. It may be cheap but thats because there's no alcohol! My friend ordered a blue hurricane for $4 but asked for a shot for it since there was no hint of alcohol whatsoever. With the shot it came out to $12. So much for drink specials. They ordered another drink special in hopes it would be better. Fail. Sad to say but they returned it. Stick with beer. You can't go wrong with the flavor and amount of alcohol in it"  and really tasty bar food. The cotton club room is the best!" Ridiculous expensive drink prices...$16 for a double tall vodka soda. The manager is an A$$. Flip side...cute cocktail waitresses.  this place is great. The back room has huge leather booths. The outdoor seating is nice too--it can get a little wild after the events let loose."  and we usually eat dinner near the arena before games.   Needless to say I was so disappointed. The food was not great and while we were eating a HUGE roach went crawling up the brick wall next to our table.  I couldn't finish my dinner and I hightailed it outa there!!! Never ever been back!!!"  but for the most part typical sports bar grub. The service was outstanding!! The best I have had ina long time.... Well worth the visit..." My office has had several private parties at this location. They have two areas where you can throw parties. My favorite is the Cotton Room. It is a private room that is very hip also. sangria was weak. it was juice." "I went here today for lunch and thought that it was alright. The place is much bigger than it looks from outside and has pretty cool decorations for a sports bar. The food was just alright. We got the gorilla wings with garlic and chili sauce and they were very good. They had a crispy skin and the sauce was mild but tasty. I had the sir charles chicken sandwich and it was really dry. There was too much bread and not much sauce on it. It was a very generic chicken sandwich and I would not order it again. I guess if you are looking for a sports bar "Normal bar food late night menu. Went there after a basketball game to grab a burger. The atmosphere was nice and the bathrooms are clean. I have had drinks there a couple times too and the small  I also had a chicken sandwich which was great and fullfilling.  The waitress remembered what we drank so that was great.  I was with a large group of people and the staff at Majerle's took care of everyone really well.    The Strawberry Fields Salad looks really good as well  burgers etc..TV's..alcohol..indoor/outdoor seating..good service. Went during my lunch hour so speediness in the kitchen counts and food came out quickly and was pretty tasty. This place is prob best for lunch and after work drinks/snacks not sure about dinner. Was hard to sit at a bar on my lunch hour and not order a drink..i have decided taking me to a bar on my lunch hour is not such a good idea. Will have to check this place out for an after work drink sometime and see what its like and maybe up my stars on it." "Thought I would try Majerle's Sports Grill for lunch. I haven't been there in about 12 years. I've always liked the atmosphere and it's still nice. Sat at the bar and based on the reviews I've read  will come through. Its fun to watch him grope the female servers (please tip those girls well!). I'd suggest it for smaller games and for nights when there is no game "I liked this place a lot. I came in after a game and sat for a while having a few beers waiting for a friend to show up.  I had a really good Reuben sandwich.  The crowd was pretty friendly   Nice kinda upscale restaurant / sports bar.  Not sure how many more times I will be back in Phoenix Az but if I do 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ Good place to watch a game but the food is terrible.  Went there about four times and had to send the food back every time because it was cold! The happy hour looked nice but was not valid during event nights  all at a very reasonable price. Beer menu was slightly lacking in my opinion. Service was attentive and friendly too I always enjoy the music at Marjele's and of course whatever game is on.  Marjele's has a nice vibe so if you haven't been or  you're looking for your next bar Seems like a nice place to relax when downtown. Would I drive here just for Majerle's? Nope. Would I pop in if downtown wanting a drink or some food? For sure."  but I think I would only go back to drink alcohol." Just a few blocks from Chase field & US airway arena. Great beer selections and specials. I recommend the chicken wings.  slightly breaded and fried. The crunch on the shrimp is amazing. And then they are coated with just the right amount of buffalo sauce. The only downside is that you only get about 6 to an order. The loaded potato skins are very good also."  but this is definitely one of my choices when I'm looking for a sports bar before or after the game in Downtown Phoenix." 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ "Stopped in for happy hour and had a couple beers and gorilla wings.  Pros: the wings were big and delicious Great service & yummy food. Enjoyed watching the game while there. Fun atmosphere!  and watch ufc. the food was great. drinks are good. the prices were a tad higher but nothing that bad.  great place to watch ufc or football. we went there for ufc and the asu vs au game was that night." Hamburger bun too big and should be toasted. Meat patty too big for bun and not enough flavor.   Fun and great service  most establishments will validate your parking if they do not provide parking and your only option is to use the parking garage. I paid $12 to park in the parking garbage situated adjacent to Merle's and was advised upon arrival that they do not validate parking. I was also advised that the entrance for the MLK celebration was a block down on Washington??? That was a little weird for me especially during a MLK celebration....what are we in the 50's where blacks enter from the back???? That did not sit well with me. Another  issues I had with this place was the DJ. He came over and introduced himself as the DJ from Chicago. He was by far the worst DJ I have ever heard. The music was from one extreme to the other. There was skipping and long pauses between songs. I think Connor Cruise (Tom Cruise's son) would have done a better job. Lastly  still got excellent service. Very friendly waitress and bartenders. Drinks came fast and good times were had. Decent menu  but this past weekend the service was AWEFUL!  I would think a place like this would be used to busy crowds.  The food is great yum yum yum burger.... enough said! Drinks are average in price."  this place was awesome and I would just go back SPECIFICALLY for the salad  nothing special. But the food is great. I would be a repeat customer of I lived in Phoenix!" The only downside is when it got busier we were a bit ignored by our waitress. Took several tries to get her to come over. Other than that  other then being owned by Dan Majerle. Nice location Always have a great time here.. attentive staff. Good drinks and fun. Nothing else is necessary 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ  I will rely on Marjele's to feed me since they are one of the few restaurants who stay open on Sundays. Mareje's provides solid food. Food that you will know what you're getting yourself into before you get there. They also have several TVs and always provide quick and friendly service." We love this place!!! The food and Service were great.  Nicole at the Avondale location is the best!!! We love her.  and so very dark. It was kind of a mood killer. They do have a patio but didn't have the misters on and weren't serving out there. With all the beautiful weather we get in Arizona Very mediocre food when surrounded by a lot of great options.  I can't believe the food network came here?!"  and drinks are expensive. On top of that the crowd is pretty crappy unless you like washed up jocks acting like they own the town. If that's your thing "Good service and location "i had a great time here; waitresses/service was good- no complaints! i had a burger which tasted straight from a grill n homemade Good place for a beer. Excellent boneless wings. Probably fun pre or post game. Otherwise  but all in all was just a typical sports bar with barfood. If that's what you're looking for and give it a shot. But if you're looking for a little bit more of a great dining experience I would look somewhere else locally."  and the waitress made sure to let us know after we sat down that we had to go to the bar to order our drinks as she was off duty. And...my vodka soda tasted like water."  lots of TVs.... and great happyhour specials!" "Watched Game 1 of the World Series here and had a great time  but not overbearing.  Our server was really nice.  I'd be much more interested exploring the other dining options that are available in the area instead of returning to Majerles next time I'm in Phoenix." Great sports bar in downtown Phoenix!  The servers are amazing too!  Great place to have a beer and watch sports on TV.  but other than that I like the food. The chicken sandwich and the fries are great." Great service..great food...very fast! I've never had to ask for a refill of my water.  Our order has always been correct.  (My husband and I are notorious for substitutions.)  The hostess and waitresses are always friendly too." food is good and atmosphere is great.actually got to meet thunder Dan and do shots with him wich was pretty unreal.its a sports bar so don't come here expecting anything more than bar type food" "Stopped in for a bite to eat before catching a game at Chase stadium.  I would give the service 4-stars Went here after a baseball game for late night happy hour. I had a couple of beers and an appetizer. The staff was very helpful. A nice little place to get a brew After a game on Phoenix.  came to our table. We just got up and left. For a place supposedly owned by a former Phoenix Sun  she proceeded to tell us that we were wrong and this is what we ordered.  Kids have been waiting almost 35 minutes for the food now.  We had the manager come over.  He apologized for the error and waited on us the rest of the visit. Food was good Yea a pretty good sports bar.  Nice staff and good wings (been there only once).  There's a front bar and a rear bar for overflow.  so I imagine if you like a bud light and a bar to sit around and watch whatever sports there is going on  the light rail is a stone's throw away. Sometimes I need a solid sports bar to drink a domestic and yell at a screen with the guys. Downtown doesn't offer too many options for that  which I think was 5-7...my daughter and I had several of the $6 appetizers and my husband had the ragin' Cajun chicken sandwich which was so huge that at first he thought it was battered but was actually a lot of seasoning. Overall  remember if like something besides catsup on your sandwiches you'd better ask  nothing less. Had chicken soft tacos. Burgers looked good. Tried some chips and salsa too. Read other  reviews about customer service...spot on. Our party had lots of food left on the table when we left. Coworkers gave it a 'meh' as well. No need to return ever again." 45puCRQ6Vh_IIAy7kkfFDQ  I had a great time there and the bartenders were all very friendly and attentive." Majerle's is a great place to hang out and watch sports or to grab a quick bite. There are other grills with better food  the waitress basically sauntered over and asked us ""Whatdoyouwant?"" Then proceeded to get our order wrong (beef burgers instead of veggie burgers).  Taken together  she apologized for everything. :/" "Friendly staff and very attentive. So far  the food and the service are always good. The prices have always been reasonable."  Majerle's is the slam dunk watering hole in downtown on a game night. Check it out!"  excellent service from the hostess to the waiters! Attentive  "If I deducted a star for each 'f-bomb' I heard from your bar staff you'd owe me 6 stars. If staff is comfortable acting like this when no management is around it makes me curious as to what else could be happening Another coworker got this tuna crossiant sandwhich...next time I'll try that. She didn't like the swiss cheese that was on it but said it was very delicious. As we left the place was packed! Well inside  so most likely will not be revisited unless the crew decides it's a must do. Sitting outside is nice but the speakers are annoying. Cut them off or fix them."  but the service was subpar. Given that it's a well known restaurant and a highlight in the downtown area  but the 5 stars go to their Rueben!  Best Rueben I've had!"  and the buns they use are like the Hawaiian dinner rolls everyone eats at Thanksgiving.... The meat is really good too. my favorite burger now. Check my other posts to see that I don't say that about everything."  we decided to leave. I am honest and I wanted to pay for the 2 beers... 10 minutes to get the change! The server came to me ""Why didn't you wait 5 more minutes? Your food was ready..."" Yeah right. The manager? Obviously more preoccupied to make the pretty servers laugh... Pathetic and unprofessional." Food was amazing! I don't eat red meat and they made me a special chicken burger with cajun avocado!! So fulfilling! "HUGE disappointment!!!! Stopped for a quick dinner before a show. Ordered 2 burgers medium. They came out extremely well done & the buns were hard & dry. The waitress took them back to the kitchen & returned with 2 more well done burgers! What the heck?! When we told her (& showed her)  and I would recommend they change this highlighted item to something else." "The service was fairly fast despite it being Comicon weekend. and the ""Garbage Burger"" was great.  The service was also very good.  My one complaint was the total chaos upon entering.   The hostess was overwhelmed." Ducked in just to find a cool place to sit and a bite to eat. The efficient waitress brought out the BEST burger I've ever had.  And I've eaten lots if burgers in my 54 years.  A big juicy patty on a sweet Hawaiian style bun. They had a couple of burgers but I don't remember this one's name-- All Star Burger?  Anyway it was a great experience. Thunder Dan better get back to his restaurant and read the reviews. I may not be back." "Thunder Dan... Get down here and teach your staff some hustle! Or maybe just some courtesy. A waitress (""Cheeky"") seemed annoyed by our presence. Turns out she just wanted to chat to a group of her friends at the bar. When the place is this empty (past midnight) This place has amazing cheap drinks on happy hour and amazing fries. Our server (arias) was more then pleasant I will definitely come here again in the future.  we had the Rojo Diablo with sweet potato fries and the All Star burger with real fries. Both sandwiches were very tasty and the fries are thin cut and just the right amount of crunchy." We were looking for a casual place on a Sunday night. This place was great! Plenty of TVs and the hot wings were awesome! Great place to go for something to eat after being downtown either for a game or concert. Waiters Waitresses and Bartender's are polite and show good manners. When it is really busy service can be slow but prices are reasonable and food is good. If you are close by stop in and check it out for yourself. Nachos are chips with Taco Bell meat and obvious nacho cheese from a pump. The beer selection is weak at best. Noisy and the atmosphere is more dive bar than lounge. Will avoid in the future.  and this place is on my list to come back to every time!" The customer service was great! They messed up our order twice but we got a free beer and free order of fries so  it was delicious! I had a fantastic quesadilla- one of the best i have had since living in Phoenix and a few other awesome apps- this place was packed and had a great fun atmosphere- i would def come back!" "Worst service I've ever had (literally). Spent $400 at the bar and it never got any better. Excuses included: ""we're too busy right now so you're going to have to wait""; ""why are you still here?""; ""I'm sorry it's taking so long but we're really busy right now."" And that's just a couple explanations. Decent food  however since we were unable to get tickets at the asinine ticket prices we opted to try and stay for the game. Manager Amy not only made sure we were comfortable but navigated a difficult reservation list to find us a spot. We also witnessed her handle SEVERAL very difficult (and honestly pretty abhorrent) escalated customers with grace. Food was excellent  and was going to try and maybe negotiate the bill down some with the manager.  Next words out of his mouth were either pay it or I'm calling the cops I would never go back the food quality was poor and the service was even worse. Go to Hooters for a fantastic buffalo chicken sandwich."  if they don't check milk expiration dates and freshness what else do they overlook?"  was friendly and attentive. Had the French Dip for lunch. It was awful.  The beef was rubbery and had an off flavor. The au jus was flavorless.  I tried to perk it up with black pepper Pretty decent sports bar.  We stopped  in to watch the fight this weekend and even though there was a hefty cover charge we decided to get a table.  The night turned out to be pretty pricey but we enjoyed ourselves.  Food was ok we enjoyed the sliders and nachos were just meh.  Our drinks were great and our server was busy but kept  everyone happy.  We were seated in a weird section called the Cotton Club? which reminded us of a strip club area kinda funny it doesn't fit in with the rest of the place but maybe there's some story behind it?  Anyway glad we stopped in.  cool bartenders and a decent selection of local drafts. Staff is attentive yet laid back at the same time. I've been here three times this week on a four day trip!" Found this place on Yelp while visiting AZ. My hubby is a simple eater so I figured this place would have something he would eat. I got the slam dunk shrimp. BOMB. I got half chili garlic pepper and half buffalo. The Potato Skins were great.  Nice and soft.  Drinks were good..I got the Vegas Margarita. Great experience.  not great.  Majerle's really isn't my thing as I'm not a sports guy but that's not their fault.  Had a pretty good chicken sandwich and a good Teriyaki chicken bowl (seriously).  Seems a little boring of an atmosphere compared to everything else on that street but it's a relief from the same ol' Scottsdale EDM thing if that's what you're looking for."  we told the hostess that there 3 of us. She didn't even acknowledge that we had spoken and instead just walked inside expecting us to follow her in. She could have said ""okay follow me right inside."" How simple would that have been? It just rubbed me the wrong way. Then This will definitely be our go-to for games and drinks."  the other was very mad that we wanted to order our drinks before happy hour ended."  burger wasnt great. Not much flavor and a dry bun. The reason for the low rating vs average was because of 2 things. One of the waiters dropped a cup that had the liquid flying all over us. She looked at us and didnt say a thing and acted like nothing happened. Second Good food n service go here for your food during conventions n sports If you are debating about going here or TK I would absolutely positively go to this joint! Go Suns!" "Great service and even better food. Checked this spot out on a Sunday afternoon and it was well worth it. Great music playing and the ambience was chill. Ordered nachos and gorilla wings (delish). Got a house wine and LIT  and Arnold palmers. I was satisfied and the service was good for being packed. They have great music videos playing and sports all round."  had drinks and food before we got drinks.  The groups were leaving when we finally got our food.   NOT happy with today's service and the fact we sat there for sometime without service.  Food was good  especially the vegetables that came with it. The service was great & I would definitely return here again if I'm ever in town!"  still no condiments but our regular server did stop by and we had to again ask for the condiments. What server doesn't automatically bring those condiments to a table full of people who will no doubt need them?! Seriously it's just common sense. I was not particularly enthused about my visit and  laid back bar. The staff is extremely nice and that alone would have made this a wonderful trip. I had a few liquid marijuana shots and an order of their cheese fries. Both were good." Enjoyed the rueben sandwich again today at lunch. The frequent customer punch card is a pretty decent deal too.  but overall it was good. I ordered the brownie to-go for desert...what a waste of money. $6.50 (which is fairly cheap) for hard little brownie squares that I couldn't even chew  knowing it wouldn't be crowded. Service from Olivia was excellent; she kept our beverages filled and otherwise checked back often without being intrusive. Food arrived much faster than anticipated It was a great spot for some quick delicious food and beers prior to heading to a D-Backs game! Food was cold and took over an hour to come out. They forgot half of our order and we had to walk up to the kitchen to remind them. AWFUL SERVICE - terrible place  and the cookie dessert was to die for. Choose this place!"  not busy. Ordered reuben. As far as Reubens go it was ok but they don't have slaw. Who doesn't have slaw with a reuben.  Also  you can often find parking at the meters right around the viscinity. Otherwise  and the food was good." "We went on a Monday night (6:30) during a business trip...my favorite place in Phoenix!!!! Great food  which is why it's getting any stars. The experience itself was awful! Every person working there should be fired! Even the couple sitting next to us came over on their way out to ask how our server was! They wrote her ""comment"" on their bill. Lol . If your desperate for food while downtown then go for it You have a choice of bars in Downtown - DON'T make it Majerle's." Great spot for downtown Phoenix sports.  Stopped in with about 40 of our friends to pregame before the Cactus bowl.  Had a great experience!  Ryan totally hooked us up with great tables.  Service was good for the crazy amount of fans in the place. Service was slow slow slow. Return visits from the waitress was non existent. This would of been a 5 Star if service was prompt." If you're looking for a fun downtown bar to watch your favorite sporting event at  plus no explanation from the server she just dropped the food off and left. Haven't been able to get her name because she isn't around long enough to ask!" We were seated right away but it was only 6pm. The service was excellent and the atmosphere was lively with chatter and tv. They also have outdoor seating which will be a great option once it gets a little warmer." Service was good and ended the trip with a good hefty meal."  as are the prices. I especially like that they have burger substitute options... the turkey patty is amazing! Lots of TVs (for sports Pretty chill place. Good views of tv's. Likely to recommend to watch a good game. Go Avs! We enjoyed our lunch. Burger was good. Reuben was excellent. French dip was pretty good. Shoestring fries were yummy. Nachos were good but not one bit warm. Service wasn't very good. We had to ask for iced tea refills. Never got water refills. Never got asked if we wanted 2nd bar beverages. Server brought ticket without asking if we wanted anything else.  and the drinks are so weak I feel like I'm drinking lemonade. I hear the beers are full tilt  best I've ever had. Fairly decent place and been around for years." This will be my go to spot when I am in town." "Never had any real luck with this place and I've been to a few of them through out the valley. Stopped in the other night before the last Suns game and ordered a chicken sandwich. It was pretty good but found a giant blonde hair in my sandwich half way into my meal. I thought it was a long string of cheese "Had an excellent burger that was served to me quickly. Manager was very nice when he stopped to check in on my meal "Decent place that had a lot of hype. Food was decent. A step above traditional bar food. The drinks were stiff and fairly priced. The place was kind of dirty and didn't have the best atmosphere. Decent to stop for a drink and an appetizer  it made it the obvious choice. I must say that the service was excellent and the manager had no problem of switching the TV channel to the game I wanted to see. I picked a local draft beer off the menu with the gorilla wings and a basket of fries. The hot sauce was good but the wings were dry and the fries (string fries) tasted like the Walmart frozen fries that cost less than a buck! So  they need more of a selection!! The roll they use for the burgers are awful! Who wants a roll bigger than their burger? They have really gone down hill."  as are the cocktails. I go here after or before suns and diamondback games almost entirely for convenience. The sliders are pretty good Besides that - huge bar.  When it's empty (a non-game day) it seems even bigger.  But that can work great if you want to meet a crowd there for a non-sports event.  The dance club space has been a bit more hit and miss over the years.  It went from lame to cool to not so hot to the large outside area is awesome because it is so big..." 5XIvwfbIa-vuFEkkeCQ6kQ  she said we could order a drink with hard liquor in it.  We put in an order for a round and our dinner order at the same time telling her in detail the way we wanted our hamburger-she went away and was promptly back for our credit card-no drinks or food  till you have opened a tab.  Drinks came (without my lime as requested-but plenty of lemons) as people were seated and served drinks and food; a second round was ordered and served-still waiting for food...when we asked about the food she pulls out her blank order form and asks us what we wanted.  Too late for that I won't be going back anytime soon."  and the bar tender tried to double charge us for food. Nice service. My advice "This place should just shut down.  Went for drinks before the TOOL concert and they had 4 people working...REALLY?  Waiting for 10 minutes at the bar He made a comment about the Phillies hat  I was wearing and walked past(he had a braves hat on). We got up and left after about 10 mins went by.  The ""New"" Jacksons on 3rd is worse than the old Jacksons  but later found out they have a new owner and I sat down and talked with him. He's a good guy and we may network together in the future." qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  like the old-school ""Bad word"" jars when you cussed.  The waitresses should be able to just walk over and hold out the ""Bad comment"" jar and make them pay up.  Guaranteed ""he got caught"" standing ovation from everyone in surrounding tables.  It's a thought..." "Its been years since i came to this hooters.  i used to go here every time i visited my sister in AZ or my friend a ASU.  South Park Wednesdays were the best. 25 cent wings  a Hooters with actually good looking women to cater to my needs.  Great place to catch play off basketball.  The wings were plentiful and the beers kept flowing.  My waitress flaked on me because a group at another table kept drawing her attention while i waited anxiously for my food as it sat at the window for quite a bit.  Other than that  and the drinks extremely ""well measured"" meaning they are not strong. Hence why I can drink 12 margaritas in a 6 hour period and still be coherent. They sure charge for them like they are doubles though. There are a few girls working here who are very attractive and friendly (not to sound like a dirty old man  I felt like I have had terribly slow carry out service. Waiting forever for someone to take my order  so I cannot comment on their selection.  I can say that I frequent this Hooters a few times a week.  It is a great place to unwind and the location is amazing.  This is the perfect time of year to sit on the patio!"  I will say this - DO NOT bring your kids here.  Nothing says classy good parenting like hooters - there is a reason there isnt a kids menu." I agree with Kimberly. Hooters is hooters. However I disagree with her rating! LOVE THIS PLACE!" Your tater tots were good and my blue moon was reasonably priced. At least you have that going for you." It was odd for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday This is my last Hooters review. The only reason I'm writing about this one too is the service or shall I say the friendlyness here was left outside the door. With 5 other guys after a Cubs vs. Diamondbacks game and we were respectful but just didn't understand the cold shoulders form these girls. It was awhile ago and I'm sure it's not the same wait staff. I'll give this one another try if I go back and see another Cubs & Diamondbacks game. "Stay away from this hooters. Bad food KuSP1Mb3xq2Qbmk1n_-ZjA The service here blows. That is all!  and the girls act all put out when we point out that no one ordered half of the bill that they're trying to charge us for.  Keep an eye out on that receipt." Regardless - parking issues aside - a really fun time with a good group of friends.  A good spot to hit before a movie or another bar!"  I love Hooters wings when done the way I like - this Hooters does not listen to you during the take out call.  Asked for extra crispy wings; got extra soggy!  I know you get what you pay for "Overpriced food with shady looking waitresses. This antiquated concept chain needs to go away. If you want to look at boobs We went there to get some good chicken wings and the big problem was that they were cold! I have had better chicken wings in other Hooters.  the beer is over-priced and now most of the girls are not even hot anymore.  Additionally it didn't help that our server was new and didn't smile or look happy to be there at all.  We pretty much had to beg her to smile at least a little.  Don't think i'll be going to a Hooters again for a while  bonne cuisine americaine et surtout pour les garons...jolies serveuses en minishort orange trs charmantes" The bottom line is that you go to hooters for the sports  I sat inside first and went unnoticed for 10 minutes. Then a fight broke out so I moved to the outside bar where there was no bartender. Twenty minutes in I was getting up to leave when waitress finally asked if I wanted a beer We came here a lot last fall/winter to catch football and hockey games due to our lacking of a television in our house. Basically any sporting event you can imagine will be playing on one of their many flat screens!"  service is always efficient and available.  I always have the buffalo chicken sandwich which never fails to satisfy my bar food craving." qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  but this hooters definitely makes it worth the trip."  service stops once you get your food." Decent wait staff and the food is okay. Not the best Hooters but definitely not the worst.  had to ask. Food was mediocre and so was the lemonade. Stick to the wings and beer and you'll be fine. Service was very slow on our second trip but they were busy. She made up for it later. Would I go back? Yeah. But just because it's Hooters." "Waitstaff suck... Unless you have testicles. I love Hooters wings  shortly after this review and was pleased with the results of our conversation. Since the Up-sale was really the only issue  beer and young girls in 80's style outfits. Is what it is."  you'll get the same food and beer at every location. They have a great happy hour and not so great food. Good eye candy All the servers that work here are very sweet and friendly." qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg qsWxbgQwuomXvMseg23DGg  and you get a girl that is tan "Me and some friends wanted to get some lunch and decided to head over at this location. This was my first time there. We walked in and nobody greeted us at the entrance and we decided to walk over to one of the open tables. We sat down and waited for about 20 minutes for a server to come by and finally stopped one of the servers. I noticed that there were one bartender and two servers. The server told us that someone will be with us shortly. We were ok with that but it was not busy at all. then after another 15 minutes or so  just super attentive and on point. the only slightly-annoying-but-not-a-huge deal issue was that I had  my table and was there for over an hour watching the fights. Once teh place started to fill up Just watched a guy in a SF Giants cap flip burgers with his glove. Gross.  i was brought over 4 sliders that were the size of meatballs. they were all medium well to well done and they were served dry. yes "I don't know what happen to Hooters? My roommate in college use to work for one in Houston so I have frequent Hooters a time or hundred in my life. The quality of the product has no integrity it is so nasty  this location is pretty good. I hope I didn't jinx myself with this review :)"  they wouldn't have gotten any. The beer was good and cold...like it was posed to be. The place was LOUD too...which actually worked in my favor and helped to distract my kid. Other than that  no apology given and no arguement from said waitress when all 5 of us got up and left (despite having a fresh bottle of beer delivered to the table). Ding! Ding! Ding! Probably means that this is not a singular occurrence... Do not go! :(  #gross" My party and I finished eating our food and the wings had not even come out. I had to ask for them twice and the last time I asked for them to go. I didn't even get to eat them at the restaurant. Worst of all no one apologized for the delay or for anything. Possibly the worse service ever. I will never ever go to a Hooters again. I can find better wings and service else where. So if you want to eat good wings and bad service then go for it. Should of been a zero star rating." I cum to this Hooters whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Close to hotels and Starbucks. Last time I went I had a sliver in my index finger from climbing a palm tree and falling. Our server didn't have tweezers but summoned her inner MacGyver and took it out for me using a staple. That itself is worth 3  stars. Food is what you  expect from this chain. Go for the wings and to watch some games. Worry less about the service and you'll be fine." Never going to any Hooters again. 1) Flat Ass everywhere. Eat some of the wings and do some squats. 2) They increased the price of the endless wings for the new year yet the wings got smaller. The manager said that it is because they are being charged more. They might want to think about changing suppliers then. 3) To charge for every ranch dressing is asinine. We asked for one ranch each and she brought us a ranch every time we got our next plate of six tiny wings. Never did our server Ashlea tell us we were going to have to pay for each ranch that we did not even ask for. At least the beer was good and at a decent price. I think we will stick to Zipps! I will never go back here.    Didn't like the service or lack there of or the food." I'm not sure I'll come back often as it's really not my scene but I was honestly surprised it was as good as it was."  while another waitress sat with a couple of guys. We waited for about 20 minutes and still not one of the waitresses offered us water or any kind of service. I raised my hand hoping to get one of the girls attention and still nothing. We waited a couple more minutes before we decided to go to Tilted Kilt a few blocks away at City Scape. This is not the first bad experience I've had with Hooters but that just solidifies my decision on not visiting Hooters again." "Go in for happy hour fairly often. Love the half priced wings. The service at this location downright sucks The only disappointing factor was the fries. They were really stale - just not crispy or tasty."  then another 15 minutes for our beers. Waited another 30 minutes for our wings on wing Wednesday and my friend didn't get his crab legs for 1 hour and 10 minutes after we ordered. Over all it ended up being a 2 and a half dinner after a 12 hour day of work we were not expecting. The 4 of us had our own tabs and the waitress screwed up every check. We felt hostage Venue was very clean and orderly  the service is poor and the food is worse. They treat u very poorly and when u ask management if they can resolve an issue they belittle u and tell u to leave. Never will I go to hooters again  but this was the 1st. 1st and only time I've ever let a hooters place hungry. I've enclosed pictures. These were by far the smallest portions I've ever received in years. I'm dead serious 10 boneless wings (2 sauces) and 10 shrimp (Cajun) and these pictures are all I got. It feels like they cut the wings in half and then served them to me. These were appetizer portions for a full meal price? I'm extremely disappointed. So much so I asked the manager about it. All I'm getting is a shrug and a ""blame our distributor"" reason for why the portions are so small. I'm seriously feeling like I've been cheated. For the record he offered me another order but I felt so ripped off I didn't take him up on it. I wish I had. This was really disappointing. My server was great There's nothing wrong with the place A few of us local regular co-workers tried to eat at Hooters for lunch.  We were told NO separate checks due to a convention.  We said we would leave if they couldn't separate the checks and asked our server to verify with manager.   Management would rather lose a sale then separate the checks and did not care that we left!     BAD MANAGEMENT!!! "No one at front desk to sit us. A waitress finally passes by and just tells us to sit any where. We pick a table in patio... no mens yet. We wait and wait. Finally try to get a waitress. Waitress comes over and says we can't sit in this area because it's closed off. We saw the sign but our table was not in that section Ill give it three stars because the food was delicious! but the service is kind of slow and the girls aint as nice as other hooters. with nice i mean gentle and customer serviceable. they seem like they are fatigued or tired or even lazy.  plus not all of them our hooters material if u know what i mean. at the end i wanted to buy some hooters gear and they didnt even knew prices. i also found a hot chick. the only one and took a picture. thats the reason ill give them 3 stars. I'm 67 years old and they wouldn't serve my wife or i because we didn't have our id's with us. They have crappy wings anyway. If I could give it a negative 5 I would. My fiance and I went there for dinner last night and both of us ended up with food poisoning... I started throwing up at 3am and my fiance stayed home from work today because he can't leave the toilet. I don't not recommend coming here......  Not only that the manager was freaking out on an employee right in front of us.... Not good for business... Eh ask for we'll done burger but wasn't well done service good I supposed but not a place I would go to again anytime soon Nothing was special. Would have been 3 stars if not for our hostess experience." I'd probably go back again if I was stuck nearby and this was my only wing option Got a ceasar salad and some sliders to go.  Very average.  Not terrible.  Not great.  Slightly overpriced.  I usually like the wings at Hooters.  Maybe I should have stuck with that choice." "I can't believe I actually went to a Hooters for the first time in 20 years! I had the new grilled fish tacos and a large Dale's Pale Ale. The fish tacos were EXCELLENT!! I could not believe it!  Last time I was there they had wings Walked in to have some quick appetizers before a movie. We were sat immediately which was nice being it is mother's day. We sat down no waitress came to ask for our drinks or introduce herself. We waited for about 30 minutes before I had to get up and ask another waitress to bring our waitress whom I didn't  know who it was.. still after no waitress after 20 minutes and the place was not even busy. We just got up and left. Horrible customer service!!!!  she said that we didn't tip her enough on our last visit... But she must have confused us for someone else. Haven't been back since  it was a much needed cosmetic update to a great part of downtown. It's a hooters so the waitresses are friendly  it is very unlikely that I will return anytime soon. The negative reviews didn't lie."  beer. and/or wings served by hotties in bikinis while watching a game on the multiple TVs.  I know that Hooters is supposed be famous for its wings as well as its female servers with big boobs  that was last night and this afternoon I am still feeling sick from their food. I'm in the military here for an event and truly upset that I will be feeling this bad over the course of my work day and even more so knowing that my fellow service members will be settling for the mediocrity of this restaurant simply because of our hotel location and lack of transportation." Horrible service the waiters are ass they see you and don't even get your drink or order ! "Used my birthday email coupon for a free order of boneless wings on 10-30-15 friday around 10pm.  Was greeted at the door.  I sat at the bar.  Bartender was nice and friendly.   Service was fast and efficient.  No reverse happy hour so I only ordered 1 draft.  My wings were very good and I had the Daytona sauce.  No ranch cuz they charge but that's always been like that at any Hooters.  I watched the Suns game.  I took some fried pickles to go for my wife.  Both bartender and hostess said goodbye.  Ambiance was great.  Wasn't crowded.  I parked at a meter next to Hooters.  If u can wait till 10pm All I have to say was food was very crappy! I got my son the kids meal chicken strips with fries and let's just say I was scared to feed my son!! Chicken was skinny and gross looked like it was put into a microwave and was just re-heated! Wings are super hard and have NO MEAT. I have been to this location many times over the years. I was walking by the restaurant and I asked the hostess if it would be okay if I used the restroom. She said she couldn't let me in and she wouldn't even ask the manager if it was okay. I will never go there again Great service and the fish and chips were great. Our server was on top of it and very attentive! Will come back for sure Julia was great !!  let's just say it is typical bar food. I ordered the Grilled Fish Tacos and of course they were bland. But honestly  worse food. I would not recommend this place. Do not get fish and chips I went to Hooters after a meeting with some friends. This was my first time and my last time. I got the spring garden salad  with chicken. The chicken was awful on the salad. Something in the salad was offputting. A friend suggested I try a wing. The parmesean chicken wings were not fried hard as requested. I put my salad in the trash. I always heard the food was good so my surprise when it didn't pass muster.  next to the amc n some shopping. Small venue n staff is kinda lacking speedy service. Just ok from my opinion."  ""I'm sorry my manager said he can't right now. He's too busy?"" Like what? Then I heard the hostess tell someone a 15-20 minute wait and the restaurant wasn't even full. There are so many empty tables. The staff is really overwhelmed for no reason. The wings are really small. I asked my server if Parmesan garlic wings were wet and she didn't know... Plus the food took forever! My game is over." Was there for the super bowl and the server was amazing but was never told I had to pay for my sauce ranch blue cheese. I had asked to talk to the manager about the bill and he walked up saying your going to pay for the sauce or I'll call the cops first thing out of his mouth. Then I went to leave and he came outside talking crazy and said Broncos suck and was getting all I rate. Finally the black manage had to tell the white manager to go back inside the one that I had the issue with. None the less he is a very unprofessional manager and should not work In a restaurant I will never go back . He is rude and the black guy is nice the white guy just trash you should be ashamed to have him as your management team. FIRST WORD IM GOING TO CALL THE COPS FOR NOT WANTING TO PAY FOR SAUCE. White boy white short hair and a little beard going on skinny and to chase me out of the bar wow how sad. Figure it out or I will call all my friends and tell them what happen want a call back.  not really my problem. Poor management is Hooters problem and they need to fix it. Worst hooters I have ever been to and not consistent with the brand." First time I have ever been to a Hooters. Not what I expected. Nice ambience for this type of place. Great looking and friendly girls if that's what you're into. Great service and very attentive. Pleasantly surprised. The food actually tasted delicious!  she would display the deer in the head lights look and say ""I don't know.""  We went there for happy hour on this Friday late afternoon in February..The restaurant was not busy. Service was very slow Haven't been to a hooters in a while because I had a bad experience with a manager in Burbank which I was a local customer for 10 years and I didn't feel he treated his employees correctly and I won't go back till he's gone. But I will tell you he could use a lesson from the hooters in Phoenix. The manager nick was very caring and so was Jen. The food came out fast and everybody was awesome to us. Thank you Will never go back to this Hooters."  we sat at the bar and the service was bad. I sat with my husband and had a difficult time getting the attention of our waitress who seemed more interested in the male dinners. Will not return anytime soon  an hour before closing time and the manager refused to sit anyone.  It was not even half full when we showed up and even with all the people we saw turned away "Came here with my sister last night before a screening of a movie to get some drinks. It was pretty slammed because NBA finals were on but we found 2 seats at the bar no problem. I got my ole faithful COORS LIGHT!!! She got Patron Margarita! The bartenders were slammed but were great at checking up on us and making sure we were ok. On our refills another bartender made my sisters drink and when my sister tasted it right away she knew it was not patron. The Original bartender quickly fixed the problem and made her a fresh one. It was great customer service  see you guys on July 9th.  Save me two seats!!  :-)" Hooters all around downtown phoenix are horrible and on 75th Ave! Bad service needs to have  restructuring with staff to improve customer service.  but the salad looked sad and brown. I'll still come back since this is the only wing place close to the office." They are also in the middle of remodeling so the place looks kindof like crap right now." This is a cool venue to catch a show. I actually played a show here and it was good times. They have a large dance floor or an area where people can gather to watch performers. They also have a nice sized Bar which can handle a good sized crowd. We all know that is a must when it comes getting a drink in a crowed venue. I really enjoyed this spot and had a fun time rocking peoples face off!  better beer selection and Harry Connick Jr. on stage. Ha. I kid. Make it Bob Dylan and ya got yourself a deal." every show i've ever been to here has been amazing. i've never been frustrated with the sound there the acoustics are OK. some problems have occurred while i was there. but i am never phased by that. I've been to scrappy's and the Nile. so I'm kinda used to it."  most other times the downtown is a ghost town after 6. We had the place to ourself They have such an amazing location in the heart of the action after events.  Their food is decent enough that I'd be willing to grab something there again purely for convenience if only I knew what to expect when it came to the service.  But unfortunately - I can't." I'm disappointed that it doesn't compare to others around the world and seems out of place in Phoenix. A Hard Rock Scottsdale would be way cooler."  but I don't think I'd go before a game! I can see it getting really crowded really fast!" - Across the street from the arena where Phoenix Suns play  and all the Rock n Roll memorabilia hanging from the walls were able to bring in the post-game crowd. It also shielded us from the crazy summer storm that was building up outside. Hallelujah."  you know what to expect."  & it really didn't matter because we were famished & everything tasted good.  Very impressed with this city.  Hope for a longer visit in the distant future." "I ate here a while back and walked away full. We had overpriced salads and hamburgers that were large and filling and tasted decent. This place is great for tourists staying downtown or going to an event  no question about it.   Luckily all the lunches I've had at this place have been paid-for by someone else.  I wouldn't give a dime to this place when they rip you off with watered-down drinks and so-so food."  and what could have struck him to write those words down in that order.  I didn't mind my overpriced drink that visit.  Unfortunately I walked around the PHX HRC and thought 'They bothered to hang that up?'.  This location could use some Help! in more ways than one." Why I gave HR three stars I will never know.  Why I keep going back is certainly beyond my capacity to understand.  Maybe they put crack in the mac.  That would explain why I order it time and time again.  If you haven't been  and told the hostess.  She said she would check and then she came back and said they didn't find anything.  I argued with her because we had JUST LEFT and finally went back to our table where it was still sitting in the bench.  Way to go idiot."  we'll skip this chain and just ask the locals where's a good place to eat."  White & Bleu Burger which had some buffalo sauce and bleu cheese on it. I ate half of it and was fine. The french fries were very good. The waitress was friendly and kept our drinks filled. For dessert we had the begger bag (I think that is what it was called) - you know Maybe it's the corporate management bs that was in the way. Maybe not. Either way After being let down by Karim and his cobbler deli..My friend and I walked to Hard Rock Cafe. Service was prompt and friendly..how could it not be.. there were only 4 tables occupied. The whole reason we ventured out was for cobbler (see review on Karim's Cobbler Shop & deli for debacle)and lo and behold Hard Rock was offering Apple Cobbler. The day was not wasted. I opted for the spicy chicken mac 'n cheese and I was not disappointed.. it had a kick to it. It is rare to experience true flavor at a chain so I was extremely pleased. They could have thrown in a bit more chicken but in their defense I did order the side not the meal. But the side was plenty filling. Onto dessert. oooh the fabulous cobbler crunchies....imagine me squeal with delight. Apple wouldnt  have been my first choice but it was damn good. Revenge is mine Karim! Thank you Hard Rock for saving the day. This Hard Rock was ok. That is being generous considering when I went to Phoenix it eventually became a trip from hell. Downtown Phoenix has no character and apparently the rest of the city does not have any either and that is very sad considering how big the city is. I think the only reason Hard Rock decided to put a cafe here is because the city is so big but nothing really great culturally. You don't here about the great music scene this town has so this cafe seems to stick out like a sore thumb in retiree central. Still it is nice to go something familiar and get the signature T-shirt. Can't SOMEONE put a decent place in downtown Phoenix? PLEASE!"  I had been a fan of the place for years. Had once spent many evenings at the Boston HRC when I lived in MA and had fond memories of the old Phoenix location as well. But just as the music we call Rock has deteriorated so has this conglomeration! So long fair well HRC  exactly what you should tip on your $17 burger with 6 onion rings.  The server seemed sweet until she tried twice to upsell us an overpriced dessert.  Save your money and find somewhere else to dine.  Seriously not worth the 30 min wait and messy restroom either!" All 3 walked out before the last of my friends did - every single one of them was stunned at how the single staff member working made them feel like they were intruding (I did exit polling) and decided that there must be another place in Downtown Phoenix on a Friday night that would like some money." "This Hard Rock is really nothing special. It is much smaller than most of them and doesn't have any really spectacular memorabilia in it. Still gkv2XvXpFgiq4Bb2XK7YmQ  and Super Stereo kicked butt!  Check them out!!" Two stars because it's still the Hard Rock Cafe."  but that comes with the HRC name.  We have found the entire staff to be friendly and accommodating.  A neighborhood HRC bar...hmmmm.  Sure feels like it."  It was nothing special! Could get a better burger elsewhere! Mother had their twisted mac and cheese. She claimed it was the best she ever had? Wife and daughter agreed it was very good. I don't like mac and cheese so I never tried it. Over all food was OK! Service was very good!"  it will be quite crowded.  The location alone makes this place perfect for dinner and drinks before attending games/concerts.  I will be back!" We were here to see KINCH play and they really did am outstanding job. We drove to Phoenix from California and it was worth it. We will definitely be seeing them when they are in a closer venue. OUTSTANDING!! "Long lines before/after sporting events. Limited beer selection. Mediocre food. I wasn't impressed. I can't tell you how many times I thought it would be a good idea to stop in for a drink or snack while in the area 3 stars cause the people that worked there were really nice  even though it's a little pricey for what you get. The fact of the matter is that there just aren't many other decent places to eat in the downtown area when you want something quick and easy. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here The staff works really hard and can jive talk with the best of 'em. Stop in I asked the waiter what was gluten free on the menu and he didn't know. He asked the manager and still came back with a weird understanding of what I could order. It's strange that a huge chain like this would not have a gluten free menu or know what on their menu was ok to eat. It's the only restaurant that hasn't been accommodating to my gf lifestyle.  my Margarita was blue and the food was so-so.  Then I found out the $50 on my card could not be used towards alcohol....which made up over 50% of our bill.  Oh well.  Had a lot more fun and the Honolulu one  but overpriced drinks and signed guitars on the walls do not bang my shutters." "Food never disappoints - usually go before a Phoenix Mercury game.  Like their mac and cheese ! A little it expensive  including giving me a 15% military discount.  Disappointed that gift shop didn't have any XXL classic city T-shirts.  Salad and dessert were excellent." - The music videos they play are awful. For being the Hard Rock Cafe you'd think that they'd play some well known rock stuff. ...nope... my guest and I were there for almost two hours and there was only one song we recognized. While I'm not a music expert Fun atmosphere and awesome appetizers. Our waitress was quick and it was a convenient location since we were taking in a Suns game after dinner. "Went for the show (February State) and was glad I came early for the food. The place is very small for a band venue but we were able to get one of the last two tables. We had a great view of the band. Our chicken club sandwiches came with fries. Very good fries and the sandwich was large well cooked and seasoned. I would have it again! Word of caution  so we ordered an appetizer of chicken lettuce wraps. Nothing to complain about. Eveything was fresh and the layout of the food was appealing. Ordered and iced tea that was better then most places. We also had a great waiter...don't recall his name though. Prices are a little high  although 2 members of the party did cut up their mouths eating the hard as a ""Rock"" bread on their sandwiches. The mac n' cheese was nothing special.  The service was beyond poor.  First and last time I will eat at Hard Rock Cafe." I have never been to the Hard Rock Cafe before so I personally enjoyed the decor. Our waiter was hilarious and I loved my Granny Smith burger. The portions were big and I had a lot of fun. gkv2XvXpFgiq4Bb2XK7YmQ "Right across from US Airways Center in Downtown Phoenix. Nice place to go to if your in the area. Lot of signed stuff adorns the wall here "It's been awhile since I've been to a Hard Rock Cafe and this one is really nice! My friend and I stopped in for lunch yesterday while attending a convention and decided to give it a try. Our server was so good and super friendly and he constantly checked in on us. The food itself? Well I ordered the shrimp  and not one of us actually enjoyed our food.  We had called ahead (2 weeks) to reserve a table before a game.  When we got there I've been wanting to eat here since my last trip to Vegas. And I'm glad I did! It was just the same. I had the Twisted Mac N Cheese which was delicious and Darren had the fish n chips... Fantastic... The bruschetta was great... My salad I tried the pear dressing which was a bit odd but a bit good at the same time.. Good. Our server was very nice. I felt a tad rushed and think they need to wait a bit between apps and main course and not ask if I am done while I am eating lol but over all I'm glad we have one here in Phoenix! I also think they need cloth napkins.. The paper ones are kinda lame. Two stars because they have a groovy sound system and seem to support local artists. But I get that at a lot of places with good food/drink and no bums lurking outside the front door."  out of the two items we wanted and then the overpriced food we got was mediocre! The server was nice It's an OK spot if you're in the downtown area for standard bar food but if you are looking for something more Great entertainment...Amanda went the extra mile for our thirst!! Nice location though." I would maybe go here again but I would not go out of my way to make it over here."  but the food was only ok. Everything was so spicy! Even just the chicken tenders were spicy! LITERALLY EVERYTHING WE HAD WAS SPICY! It was a little disappointing when we left a little hungry and our mouths burning. The major pros was that it was clean  finally came back to take our dinner order and we were basically ignored for the rest of the time.  She did come back and check on the ""other"" tables she had.  We finally had to wave like idiots and get her attention Terrible service on a Saturday night!? Watch your check. They add 18% without asking and it is hidden in with the meal charges. Don't know how I caught it but will not be back-ever. Oh and the food was bad all around. Spend your money else where! This is a beautiful location of the Hard Rock cafe. It is really nicely kept up. The service was good and I love their Haystack chicken salad.  latter a salad and a bbq chicken that was a little under cook (but was promptly fixed by our server)." Good location after a trip to US Airways Center across the street." "Cody did a great job. We got here right before a Suns game and the place was pretty busy. We were seated fairly quickly and ordered the sampler platter. Food was great and came in a timely manner We went here for nachos after the concert and of course we expected it to be busy but we got our drinks and food in a timely manner. Staff was friendly and fast! I will be returning! Oh and the nachos and onion rings were delicious! Chips were nice and crispy! Our waitress was a doll." Went on a Saturday night.  Can't say too much good about the place or anything bad about the place. Happy Hour really isn't a happy hour it's only a dollar off cocktail and draft. I ordered a burger my lady ordered the fajitas they were both okay. The workers were nice as well. The quality of food and drink you can get at a local chili restaurant for half the price. I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody or down the idea of going back if a group of friends wanted to go.. It was the ultimate so so experience Dined in and enjoyed all the memorabilia displayed. New location in downtown PHX next to the D-Backs stadium.  Seems to get a good amount of traffic during events but during the weekend it wasn't busy at all.  Sat at the bar ordered a sampler platter and food was pretty good.  Big fan of the restaurant and collected a new pin to add to my collection." "Very fitting restaurant and atmosphere before our group of 21 enjoyed the Billy Joel ( and Gavin DeGraw opening right across the street at the US Airways Center) concert.  The food was awesome and served hot and promptly- the  grilled salmon was perfect and the mashed potatoes were to die for; ribs were huge and tasty. The chocolate cheesecake was delicious. The awesome Stephanie set this up for our large group of 21 and we had 2 large tables reserved and set up right smack in the middle of the main dining area. Our servers Catie and SaBeth were spectacular - on the ball  10 minutes is a bit of a long wait with the heat. The waitress came as I was heading to the to get water from the bar. She got our order. I asked for a root beer and a burger with no onions. The root beer came late and the burger came with onions. It may have been the kitchen's fault and the food was still good. The Over priced. Horribly cooked burger. Bad layout of the main floor. You want a better burger? Go to the Tilted Kilt a block away. Better layout and timely service? Go to Arrogant Butcher. Restaurant closed at 10pm in the city! It has a bar! The drinks were decent...but nothing to make me stay there. Much better places to go within walking distance for the price. "Bartender and server were very friendly and helpful "This place is pretty cool. My first time here was for a coworker's retirement party and she was thrilled this was the place we chose. The food was excellent for me. Can't go wrong with twisted mac and cheese! Even though our party was big Had an excellent lunch today. Spotless and good atmosphere. Food was terrific and Mallory couldn't have been better. My best Hard Rock visit among many locations! On a DBack game night we waited 10 minutes maybe. The salmon is excellent and the drinks are to die for. They actually use alcohol. The hurricane was delish...I love hard rock"  although the bar was still open for a couple more hours). The hostess came to the store area and was extremely friendly! She explained some of the pins and made sure that I saw all the options available. I found one for my collection and was pleased to find one honoring the Year of the Horse (on sale too!) for my brother. The transaction was quick and we were out in a just a few minutes. The location is conveniently located in Downtown Phoenix across the US Airways Center. There is street parking available. I'm not sure if there is a parking structure available." "It was the first time I'd ever been to a HRC and it was incredible. Went in with my daughter about noon on a Tuesday  I had the ""duo"" combo with ribs & brisket and my wife has the pulled pork sandwich. We were both pleased. Not as much memorabilia as other HRCs but still interesting  but it was pretty good.  The beer was great and we had a very good time.  I tip my hat to the staff at this place and highly recommend that you get your picture taken there along with ordering some great food & drink. (We were there in September of 2014.)" I stopped in just for souvenirs and was treated great! The person behind the counter was super friendly. There were two other people there complaining about the price of some of the items and asked if they could get a discount or anything and he politely explained no. He made some suggestions as to what I should purchase and I am completely satisfied with my purchase! Love visiting all of the Hard Rock Cafe's when we're out traveling! "I stopped in with a friend on a Sunday night while walking around the area and watching the ice skating. It wasn't crowded and our server showed up immediately. I ordered the colossal mushroom burger with onion rings. That thing was HUGE. I cut it in half and managed to stuff my face. It was delicious What is there really to review a couple of cold beers and some Nachos service was great could have been better but with it being full understandable. Great environment music playing tvs with the music video. Food was great had ribs and pulled pork combo  make sure you look around at all of the music memorabilia. I saw stuff from Kiss Yes I would come back. Hope I can enjoy the place without playing handyman." Good location right across from the U.S. Airways arena. It looked pretty busy but they were able to seat us right away. Food and service was on par with other Hard Rocks we've been to. Drinks were overpriced and  watered down though. My advice is to stick with beer or wine here. Our waitress Noelle was awesome!! Ask for her ! Food so so drinks and atmosphere excellent "It's a fun place for a quick bite. The food is consistently good and the staff is friendly. It's loud and usually crowded on game nights  which tells me they are dirty. We ordered nachos and chicken fingers. Simple right? Well we asked for chicken on nachos and it looked like chicken off of chicken wings. Lots of fat. The waitress was odd and wouldn't go out of her way to fix it. I will not ever step foot in the establishment again. Worst  service  I'm surprised they even have customers. I came here with several co workers. service was so bad that we ended up asking for boxes as our meals came out. when she brought out our to go boxes  gracious and patient with my family. The entrees' were so filling that dessert was impossible to order.   Angel even went out of his way and took pictures afterwards by the Hard Rock Caf logo.  We absolutely had a great experience visiting from Wisconsin on Spring Break vacation!  Thanks again for making it memorable for us." "Food here is awesome if u can get any service what so ever to eat!  Been here 3 or 4 times to this location and the service here is the worst I think I have ever seen in such a long time. Each time a different problem has arisen and each time the management is worse then our server. This time was we had a portion of our food left on our plates. As we got up to mingle with friends I let our lovely server know we r not finished and we will be right back. We return to see the food taken away.  The server knows that's an issue so she gets the manager.  Instead of management going out of their way to please us Kind of dated now but like the fact they are open late to serve you after a game or downtown activities." Next for dessert...on our menu it said ""bakers choice""... I was SO excited for something delicious. We all received 2 cookies. LOL just kind of humorous as this point. That was your bakers big plan for dessert? I ws completely disapointed with the Hard Rock. I havent been there since I was a kid and remembered it being so good. Save your money." "I was in town and wanted someplace to cool off and the HRC was close to where I was.  I went and found this HRC to be very pleasant.  The staff was tremendous.  Very friendly at the door and being seated.  The server was also very friendly and helpful.  The staff gets 5 stars!  We had the Ribs and Chicken Combo.  The food has come a long way in the 30+ years I have been going to the HRC.  The ribs were very tasty and had enough BBQ sauce in where it was not dry.  The chicken was actually moist and tasty as well.  Chicken seems to be a crutch for all establishments.   Very simple dish  service was excellent and food was great!!!!" "If it were possible I would have given this place a 0 star rating.  I went in with my kids and the entire experience once we sat down was awful.  We didn't order a ton and you could tell the server didn't like that and pretty much stopped caring.  The thing is that had he cared and treated us the way any customer should be treated he would have made as much in a top if we had ordered a bunch Worst experience ever. Slow . Service sucks. They lie about prices. Place is small. Will never be back. They need to be shut down. Bar tender is on speed and sucks. one of their entrees was forgotten.   Was told the app would be free because of it (it wasn't).  Was told beer would be discounted "This place is ridiculous! We paid $39.10 plus tip for two hamburgers and two ice teas. I am not usually one to complain  which i typically like trying new and local places but its still really good food and drinks. Last visit we shared the 3 sample plate of BBQ (Chicken I had the honey mustard chicken and my wife had the shrimp plate. Good wasn't bad. Cost was around $100. Mainly because of the drinks. Typical themed food. "Way past it's prime.  For the price of the food It's the hard rock!!!! What can you say? Love the place! Great music and great food. Same the world over!!!! I hit a hard rock whatever city I'm in!!! Pin collector and food lover and beer lover! Margaritas in the Phoenix hard rock were very good!!!! "Well I mean it's the Hard Rock Cafe so what can you say.  I am not really a fan of chains but stopped in for a drink during a downtown Phoenix bar hop.  We arrived pretty early on a weeknight so it was pretty dead.  We sat at the bar and had really good service  but we decided to go yesterday an hour before the Suns game and we are so glad we did! We sat at the bar and ordered a draft Budweiser and a draft dos equis  which they told us would last for about three and a half hours. I would understand if the private party had started already - clearly somebody paid a lot of money to rent out the entire restaurant  and 2) the point was not so much that we were turned away 15 minutes before closing; rather that such an establishment closes 2 hours earlier than all the competition in the area  but they might benefit from chilling out for a minute and soaking in some of that Hard Rock cool af aura that I've experienced at other Hard Rocks. Make me think that paying $18 for a chicken Cesar salad was totally worth it!  This location definitely did not convince me." "Should have read the reviews before coming. Food definitely sub par....cold burger Awesome place to go to have drinks after a performance across the street at the arena. The people who worked there are all very friendly and Javi the bartender was a rockstar! I was really impressed how he kept up with so many people & made great drinks! He had an amazing energy about him & haven't seen such a good bartender for a large diverse crowd in years! This place also served excellent food.. I saw what other people were eating and I was like.. Yum! I need to come back when I am hungry! "Walked in last night to grab a some food and a drink before seeing a show at Comerica. We were in a hurry tonsee a show so we sat at the bar and were greeted by Shelley who immediately without even looking at us stated no alcohol food only. Both me and my date were sober. We didn't argue just ordered our food and quickly left. The promotional gift cards we were unsing supposedly didn't work. But she did go in the back and get some that did. She was rude helped me navigate the menu for my food allergies which all came out good. She got y daughter her food right away. But was just all around really awesome server." Come here before the kenny chesney concert.  And took over 30 min to get one drink.  And the manager was so rude to everyone.    They have more then half there tables open and still have a hour wait. .  The staff is rude and all standing around talking.  Dirty tables everywhere.  But i guess gossiping and talking shit about customers is more important than customer service.   Being in the industry i am disgusted by the service and the attitude i will never come back. . Oh yeah 35 min now still no drink.. We came back next day for lunch because Jennifer said they had live music on the patio. There came up an incident on another table. The manager Jennifer took care of it with ease. I would recommend this restaurant and their staff any day. Thanks for making our girls weekend memorable"  she gave me her recommendation and she ended up surprising me... I will definitely be back for Kelsea"  we knew it was our table. The manager runs over to us and starts yelling at us and saying who sat you? Who told you you could move tables? We tell her the host did and she VERY snobby says then why don't you have menus? We let her know the host was grabbing them and we see her stomp up to the host and start screening at them. She comes back and starts putting knifes on the table and when she gets to me that let her know we waited an hour and a half and we did not seat our selfs she SLAMS my knife down and walks away. We all were in shock! I don't know how this lady ever has to deal with any customer she should not be interacting with anyone! Maybe she can be the late night manager that deals with the drunks at last call but she should NEVER work treat customer that are there for dinner that way! We ordered right away drinks and food the server was kind *** the GM retched out to me and it was nice to talk to him I hope this makes a difference for other customers and they are treated with respect."  every song sounds exactly the same yet slightly worst than the last one. This has to be what they play at Guantanamo Bay to torture terrorists. They are playing fast and loose with the term ""Rock""." Very underwhelmed with this hard rock...very few people and our service was very slow. The salad was very good but the fajitas were below average.  to where it was close to game time. The manager noticed how long it took and automatically took care of it for us. It was nice that the issue was recognized without us having to say something. We were a lil late to the game Great place...and I look forward to my next visit in Phoenix to come back here." I ended up getting lost at the art walk and randomly ran into this place... and i have to say i am a big fan... it is in a different part of town than i normally hang out in but the atmosphere is pretty cool.... it feels trendy but is a casual place... they have a pretty good wine selection at various price ranges... i did not try the food and not sure about the happy hour but i will go back soon... Forget Kaz. Try Cheuvoront instead." I'm eager for my next visit so I can try some of their martinis and buy cheeses from their retail section I really like this place and would definitely come back.  I had a blueberry martini that was dreamy and for dinner I had the halibut entree which was also very good.  Their wine selection is very good... I did have a glass of wine too because someone ordered a bottle of wine and I felt compelled to help him out:)  And from what I remember the service was also very good.  was my 400th review. :)"  I might get even better at pretending to be a wine snob! I might even actually learn something!"  but I probably will only do so if I'm in the area -- and only if I've already eaten something." I definitely will return to try something new on both the wine list and menu.   RC" during my month long Phoenix visit."  or just to sit at the bar and try a new wine or two.  I know I will be there in the future especially with Kristin S. moving so close to it!"  please watch out for the tip unless you believe the service is superb...."  decor and relaxed vibe at Cheuvront's.  I've never been a fan of darkly lit restaurants  second place went to the coconut cream pie. The others were just ok.  But it was the combined seminar/restaurant experience with friends that made the evening unique and thus  1 bottle of wine and 1 small cheese/fruit tray and it come to around $100. That "As far as wine and cheese bars go - this place has Postino's beat by a long shot.  The wine list is impressive.  The staff can make recommendations on the fly.  The owner actually takes his staff to visit vinyards so they become familiar with the wines.  The food is out of this world - but unpretentious.   You don't have to travel to Scottsdale to get fine food and drink -- we've got it right here in Central Phoenix at Cheuvront.   With that said - try the Macaroni and Cheese - which is what I tried tonight - out of this world Cheuvront is a solidly enjoyable place to kick back after a long day of work. Although some of their happy hour food and cocktails could use some improvement  and they offer 25% off of Bottles to resturant industry workers!! Way to be!!!!" If you see me at Cheuvront stop by and say hello. I'll be the one in the corner making sweet love to the macaroni and cheese..... no joke." "I think I really like this place. Ayesha and I had a chance to visit  Cheuvront on a Monday night. It wasn't terribly busy when we arrived and we were warmly greeted. Unfortunately we were seated next to a loud group of young children that thought they knew something of the world and were very LOUDLY passionate about their arguments. The F bombs were being dropped so incessantly that it became annoying. Our server and the manager that was walking around said nothing to this group. Finally when I could no longer hear what Ayesha was saying The atmosphere here is very laid back and we all lingered over wine and dinner. Near the bar they were showing an old James Bond film on a large screen. in french. which somehow made the place feel all that more sophisticated and charming. I will def. be back and would recommend this place for a long meal and It goes without saying that downtown Phoenix isn't the first area of town that most people think of when they think of hangout spots and eateries.  It's still not quite there yet I would still go back to cheuvront however I think in the future it would be better for just drinks and possibly appetizers" I would like to extend my kudos to Barry.  He is the reason I kept returning as he has what it takes to take the front of the house experience to the next level."  and it is a nice spot to hang out with friends and have a nice night out. Especially during a first friday." My only complaint/inquiry/confusion was - no door handles going to the bathroom? how do I know which side to push on? weird and not high-art enough to be cool."  I'll still remember that night less for the cheese and wine than for being the only half hour of ""So You Want to Be A Country Star!"" I've ever endured."  but might think twice about returning for a sit-down meal unless I was sure that I'd have plenty of time to spare." Cheuvront's is a gem.  Their wine selection is superb and their cheeses are tough to trump.  I have always been treated to wonderful service and taste treats.  I also love that they have such a wonderful champagne by the glass selection.  The Laurent-Perrier is by far the best and I love that they have it in splits.  Always something to look forward to when traveling to Phoenix. "After spending almost 3 hours at this restaurant on NYE and our party having to reschedule some of the nights events.  I was somewhat reluctant to go back to cheuvront so soon when some of our friends asked us to go with them after the OYE at the Heard Museum. regardless we went for appetizers and cocktails  require talent and skill and desire to create an experience that keeps folks coming back.  If I want to drink good wine in a mediocre setting  and I'm clearly going to have to pay more attention to Kristi's reviews." Go for the page-long cheese menu and affordable yet varied wine selection.  I can not believe this place has been here for five years and i just now visited it. The Spanish plate This also is a great place to meet up for a pre-show drink if you're headed to the theater. I also have heard good things about their brunch menu on the weekends so that might have to be on the itinerary for a Sunday trip to the Art Museum via METRO. Yes. Yes. Go Looking forward to returning to Cheuvront and having lunch or dinner!!" I'm sure that those with my proclivities are smart enough to avoid Cheuvront by the name alone.  I ended up there and don't want to throw the place under the light rail because its somewhere I'd never normally go.  Take it from someone a little higher on the social ladder than me maybe."  since this is totally unverified and historically questionable  I thought that the price was a bit extravagant for the portion sizes. Overall  this is a really chill place to either wind down after work or to shmooze with a date. I highly recommend this place because if you haven't done the wine/cheese thing you really don't know what you're missing. Just a heads up muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hU6sN5r6vayqm_RMgvPGOQ?select=Y6gF0oMs3bwU8vjC7Kymsg"  but for the price it's certainly one of the best." Happy hour includes $5 appetizers and discount on wines by the glass. Try to pork empanada (little piece of heaven) and the chicken phyllo pockets. I love the ambiance in this place.  It is great for a group of friends or for a quiet date night.  Their wine selection is wonderful and the staff is extremely knowledgeable.  I don't go there to really eat all that often only because I am a vegetarian and their vegetarian selection is just OK.  Not that what I have had wasn't fantastic but there are better places to go for vegetarian dining.  Their brunch is fairly decent but a tad expensive.  What I enjoy most is the wine tastings (they have them every month).  Each time I go I learn something new about wine and have had the pleasure of tasting some unique and flavorful vino's.  I highly recommend Cheuvront!  some pairings not suggested may surprise you. The last time I went I was a bit disappointed that my favorite wine they sell (Duck Pond) is only available by the bottle. The cheeses are good All in all a wonderful dining experience! A dinner club top 3." Ambiance and decor is nice and mellow. We've since been back with friends and it has been enjoyable for both a date night and chatting it up with people. Enjoy!" I can't wait to go back to sample some more wine and cheese!" My friends ordered the egg white omelet and the fritatta Our fave waiter is Jeremiah. He's so dreamy."  but for a place with 2 one-person bathrooms to designate one for the ""men"" and one for the ""women"" is really dumb! It's not like you're in there with anyone else! All that happens is the Women's line gets long while the men shuffle in and out like there's a revolving door on the thing. Not fair!" (Btw:  I don't understand what this means from other reviews: ""it wants to be more hip than it really is""?  Huh?   I think the decor is great - cool  but the scallop appetizer was the highlight of the evening.  We asked management if they ever considered putting it on the menu as a permanent item (it was only a special at the time) and they said they were considering it because of all the positive feedback.  We just made reservations for this coming Monday and can't wait to go back!" The relaxed atmosphere and consistent food and service have made Cheuvront into one of my favorite places in Phoenix  re-filling the water and checking how we liked the food. As a very nice gesture she brought out two samples of cheese before the dinner to try (not sure about the names ...). The space is nice and modern without being cold and stark. I would haven given 5 Stars if service would have been a little bit more engaging. It was the first time for us to eat at Cheuvront but nobody really bothered to find out about likes/dislike. They unfortunately missed an opportunity to actively engage us ... I definitely will be back but first I will try out other Scottsdale / Phoenix eateries. BTW - no ""weird"" James Bond movies but the ambient music could have been a bit more present."  the place certainly deserves another trip.  I can see (if I had a real life  we felt it was a bit odd that everytime our female server (she never divulged her name) came to our table she addressed us as ""Lady and Gentleman."" At least tell me your name before you call me that for an hour! ;)"  a medium red from Santa Monica California. The wine is smooth and the cheeses flavorful and after waiting 20 minutes for it to arrive I guess prune juice and cardboard would have been just as  flavorful. I guess good cheese takes time to cut. The decor was a bit mixed matched with concrete grays and pastel curtains. I felt like I was more in an Austin Powers flick than in a hip wine bar. The wait for service was considerable considering that the place was one third full. The bill came out to more than $50 bucks I know times are tough around here but when you charge those high prices ($6.50 for a pint?!)  the regular fries were nothing special and a little cold but we got two huge portions instead of one so we couldn't complain.   The place has easy parking and our waitress was very friendly.   We will be going back for Phoenix's first cheese and wine tasting event next week." "I love this place!! Have been here several times now for dinner and brunch! Did New Years Eve here with wine pairings  but beware: those long thin strips in the middle of the plate? Butter. Not Cheese. ;)"  I noticed this place is in walking distance of the main Phoenix library. So you can go pick out a good book on a lazy Sunday and then walk over to Cheuvront for some wine and cheese and feel like the perfect elitist So great! I was there for an event last week and we had a blast. The event was handles perfectly! Can't wait to go back! This was adequte at best and that is being generous.  Several of us Went today for Easter brunch - big disappointment.  The restaurant was not that busy - took 20 minutes between courses being served.  Needed to ask for plates for the muffins.  Ordered the filet with eggs - the eggs were burnt and broken.  The server never should have brought that plate to the table.  I expect this from Denny's at 3 am - not a restaurant with these menu prices.  My boyfriend had the tomato bisque soup - was Ragu in a bowl - even same consistency.  Another friend had the bananas foster french toast - even the bananas were bland. I'd say the happy hour items are where it's at overall. The food was great the drinks were good. Really given their menu and atmosphere I was really surprised that it wasn't more busy. It's kind of sad to see many of the Phoenix area restaurants kind of dead at 9pm on a Friday night. I'm guessing if it were located in Scottsdale that would be a different story." I took my gf here before a Suns game. The server was very knowledgeable.  The cheese plate was great but a bit pricey.  Some salad w/ fruit and boiled chicken was tasty according to the princess. Bleu cheese mac n cheese was amazing. Go eat here tonight. "This is a great place to ""wine"" down after a long week.  For what I have seen - they have the best cheese list in town.  The service is always great and the food is consistently good to great.  Also - who can beat a variety of mac and cheeses.  Last night we had the pancetta and onion - this is probably been my favorite.  I would totally recommend this place for a night where you just want to relax!" The decor is cool and they play French movies on a large screen in the back of the restaurant. I also have a special place in my heart for their awesome sweet potato fries! This place is a great option if you want a nice glass of wine and a bite to eat in Central Phoenix but don't want to brave the Postino crowds." Huge points for the server who took Amy in stride when I told him I'd spank his ass for something.  (I don't remember  we got a table right away. I liked the ambiance and was impressed with their cheese and wine selection.  We ordered a cheese platter with Manchego  sadly I must say I have been let down. One of my problems is the sometimes slow service. Also we decided to go here for a friends birthday and they ran out of food. It was not fun feeling like you had the angel of death for a server ready to kill your order. I really would love to give the place four stars "GREAT Happy Hour !! $5/glasses of vino. Menu of samplings for $5 each! Try the flatbread pizza We were running a pretty high drink bill and there was no need for the negative energy. It ruined our experience and vibe of the place.  Over a pizza?  Poor service  conversation and a little nosh after the artwalk...what we got was surprisingly poor customer service that became downright passive aggressive (scratch the passive) after we received a pizza that wasn't to our liking. The waiter was so upset that we didn't want mozzarella cheese on our $10 goat cheese pizza that he brought out the cook to confirm. His manager then came by our table to tell us that we  if for no other reason that it proably gives the kitchen staff something to live for." I had a party of 17-18 people here. We all paid separate and they accommodate all of us!"  and just make sure I used the facilities elsewhere!" Everything here was delicious and I enjoyed the atmosphere. Service was incredible as well... I just feel its overpriced for what you receive I will never go back."  I would not recommend the happy hour food options This one is tough.  I love their wine and cheese but the food is terrible.  I highly recommend going but only for the aforementioned wine and cheese.  always super friendly and accommodating. These guys know their stuff! I have never had a bad experience and would recommend it to anybody (already have!) The events they have are also really great  its annyoning having your eyes readjust constantly.  Add some flavor to the food and train servers to check on customers a little bit more frequent. Presention of the food was good My friends and I went to Cheuvront's for AZ Restaurant Week and every single one of us was disappointed. The service was terrible; it took 20 minutes for our fourth (who arrived a few minutes late) just to get her water. He disappeared for 15 minute stretches and only asked if needed anything when we were done with our courses. The food was overpriced for the portions--and this is coming from a graduated culinary student who has had it drilled into her that smaller is better--and the flavors were bland. One person's bisque came to the table cold and my creme brulee tasted as if they'd forgotten the sugar. Not to mention that it was so loud we couldn't hear each other. All around disappointing.  and the one she said was similar was rather icky. (Nothing like the wine we wanted that we've had before). We weren't able to order for atleast another 30minutes and weren't served our first course for 30 minutes after that. We didn't start to eat until we had been there for an hour at minimum. In addition The overall impression of the decor feels like perhaps they try a little hard to b xtra trendy or cute...  Idk..." I am still a fan of Cheuvront.  I want to go back for some happy hour and try some of the other food selections.  Maybe I was just expecting too much from Restaurant Week; it happens.  Either way  this probably isn't it. I love it here - does that make me a snob? Perhaps. Oh well. The food is delicious. My first meal was the simple chicken which is usually a shoe-in for boring and it was not. Juicy I was embarrassed to have suggested to a colleague that we eat at Cheuvront today.  I don't know what happened to this restaurant "Overpriced. Overrated. Just not worth the money. The mac and cheese with the different toppings is actually very delicious. We also got duck which was extremely bland and did not have the crispy skin. The risotto it was served with was terrible. It was either whole grain or a dark grain rice. It was hard and just not appealing.  The filet mignon was cooked well but not seasoned at all.  Dishes definitely not worth $20 a plate.  I'd only come back for the wine There were a few things on the menu i'd be interested in trying for entrees (the small plates/apps were meh)  the haughty attitude. The overpricing is just a final slap in the face as you walk out the door. There's just too many other options now to continue to be underwhelmed. I won't be back."  cozy dinner with your closest friends in an urbanesque setting."  we also ordered the Roasted Goat Cheese and Chicken Pockets and these were phenomenal.  I ordered the chicken dish (yes there is only 1) and my wife ordered the Caramelized Red Onion Mac (yes there are 5 mac & cheese options).  Richard ordered the Duck and I was too drunk from the 3-4 rum and cokes I had to remember what his better half ordered.  All the food was fantastic and the drinks were pretty strong.  We finished with a warm cookie and ice cream and the pumpkin bread which was really good.  I can't remember going home but I am sure that was fun too!"  accompanied by sauteed mushrooms and asparagus with a phenomenal pea sauce.  The pea sauce was phenomenal "One of the best Nicoise salads I've ever had (and I am picky about my Nicoise!).  My boyfriend had a pizza (which I slyly sampled) - delicioso.  Server was very accommodating and friendly.  Could only wish for a bit more from the wine list given the ""wine bar"".  But It was a lovely lunch.  I'll definitely go back."  especially as a quiet way to wind down a rowdy First Friday night!" "A relaxed-yet-sophisticated place where the combination of a good wine selection "One of the only places in town to serve this delicious dessert wine called Lilly-Pulli  (raspberries floating in champagne yummo)  Great place for a quick business lunch or a fancier girls night out.  Excellent cheese selection and flatbread pizzas.  I like to sit outside or at least facing the window to see the Light Rail zoom past.  It almost makes Phoenix feel like a big  and sometimes a little pompous. After three or four bad experiences in a row I just don't go there anymore. They do have great cheese plates and a fantastic happy hour...just don't catch them when they have a special event going on." "Pricey but so worth it.  Asked our waiter for cheese suggestions and they always hit a homerun. The wines are always good Overall I was pleased and I will have to go back to try again as I hear their happy hour is great." "My wife and I ate here prior to an event downtown. Metro light rail is conveniently right outside and an easy trip down to US Airways Center. We had a truffle tremor goat cheese plate with the Brancott Pinot Noir for an appetizer along with the poached pear appetizer. This was fantastic! Highly recommended. I think we'll be buying some if we can't find them for home use. I had the fillet mignon with the suggested cab sav and she had the Parmesan encrusted chicken with the suggested Pinot Gris. Both entrees were delicious. $87 before tip for 2 apps muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw "Not normally my type of place as I am much more of a beer person than a wine person.  Very limited and not so good selection of beers available.  It kills me when you see someplace with good food and good wine ignore something that goes better with their food but ignore it because it isn't upscale rnough for them.  The waitstaff was nice They seem to be trying too hard to be something they are not. Too many restaurants within a 10 mile radius that execute a lot higher for the same price. Will not be back."  if you are in cenpho and looking for a good glass of wine it is definitely worth stopping by."  wine and drinks and you can't beat their happy hour deals.  The wait staff provide good service and are friendly.  The perfect place to unwind after work "Totally recommend this place.  The wine selection was the only thing that could have been better.  The waiter was attentive  ""I won't smell it because I don't like to tell customers that they are wrong."" I was so shocked by his response that I did not order another drink.  The server took the glass of wine back behind the bar  though they are doing a really nice Easter brunch. Look for my next review of another place that does breakfast without the crowd  like I was mugged.  I understand the owner has to make a buck  good. i was expecting more i guess. cool decorating and design. i hear the mac-n-cheese (something like 5 different kinds) is really good My 3rd course was supposed to be mousse-stuffed strawberries but instead it was mousse with strawberries sprinkled on top. The pumpkin bread pudding my man ordered was better. The artisan cheese plate my friend ordered was SUCH a dissapointment. ONE piece of cheese to try? C'mon people. We overpaid." BOTTOM LINE: I'll take convenience over value"  and a tad on the expensive side. The eats are tasty We attended our first wine tasting on 5/7.  Very friendly atmosphere and we learned quite a bit about Chilean wines.  Tapas were served as well.  We totally enjoyed our experience! muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw The best part was that our server was able to recommend wines for each of us that we had never tried before but really enjoyed. I love trying new wines so that was a lot of fun. A small plus is that it prints the name of the wine on the receipt so I can actually remember the name to hopefully purchase a bottle another time. Even though I don't come to this midtown area often  and enjoyed the quiet atmosphere.  Thinking I need to take my dog for patio dining next time." "Been going here for a few years and always loved it.  Yelp typically doesn't let you down.  Instead of going to many of the crappy joints downtown before concerts and sporting events we go here.  Even on the way out to Cricket for a concert.  Nice wines  the food that we ordered couldn't get any better and the wine was superb.  I tried two different wines and enjoyed them both - our server (Chris  having heard great things. Unfortunately didn't get to sample the wine menu. But the lunch offerings were good - turkey sandwich was very flavorful with its crumbled goat cheese  and some appetizers.  My biggest complaint is that the food isn't that great.  It is 3 star food with 5 star prices.  The portions are small (like a tapas bar)  will take care of you and will address any issues. The portions for some items are a bit small and the price can be a bit higher depending on the entree. I would highly recommend this restaurant and it is one of my favorite local places in Phoenix. AZ Restaurant week would be a good time to try this place as you can get a multiple course meal for a good price. Also they do offer wine dinners once or twice a month as well as twice a month wine tastings on Saturday afternoons." Won't wait for a wine tasting to make our return...." "I work in central Phoenix and have heard good things about the restaurant. Finally got there for lunch with a friend and we both found the menu to have many items that we would love to try. I decided to have the tuna steak sandwich. It was served open faced and seared which is perfect.  Was seasoned deliciously and accompanied by a fresh side salad.  We had a friendly server  but also learned how they are made. It was honestly a fun experience and I would enjoy doing this again. it is pretty pricey but its all for the experience and the fun of it all." This is a great date spot. This is the place to go for a new wine suggestion. I'll be back soon." "Thank you Cheuvront for challenging me. I have grown weary of all the so called wine bars around that boast more college students and second rate wines than actual good ones. I've been meaning to try this place for awhile. It feels super fancy but you can show up casual. When I walked in I felt overwhelmed ( in a good way ) about the great selection of cheeses and wines. You can also get champagne by the glass! Real champagne from France. I felt silly trying to pronounce all the names of the different cheeses and such. Good for them. It's about time my know it all butt was put in her place. I ordered a glass of sparkling white wine called Gruet Brut from New Mexico. Light I'd definitely recommend this place for a date or a girl's night. It definitely has a romantic  too. Check out their website where they have a calendar with their tasting events." My only complaint is that in the two days I got to visit this place back to back they ran out of things. It doesnt appear that they know how to stock or to have enough food on hand for the day."  you'd expect a lot more...  I'm sticking to Postino." Interesting events - yeppers" I found out about these dinners through FaceBook because I am ""friends"" with the host.  What was great though is when we walked in for the dinner he recognized me     and remembered my name Definitely a romantic place if you want an intimate dinner or are a big fan of wine (which I'm not)." Wanted to go try this place out for Restaurant Week. Stopped in and when we were greeted at the front we were told the earliest we could get in was at 9pm. There were many empty tables and there wasn't even a waiting list for people without reservations. The situation at the door just wasn't handled very well. Can't comment on the food but we'll eat at one of the other hundred restaurants in the metro area. We know we can get some food there. "I can't really think of a metaphor that will really describe this place. My heart is really overwhelmed by the great service that I just had. This restaurant has a lot to offer muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw "Wild red flight with cheese!  Try it. Helpful staff I just enjoyed a fabulous wine tasting here.  My friend and I actually heard about it on yelp. They had a great selection of wines and the salmon pt was delicious. Todd was our server and provided excellent service. Their entire staff was actually quite friendly as well as attentive. I will be visiting here the next time I am in the area nrxt month. A nice way to spend an afternoon in Phoenix. Thanks to Todd B. and Jeff. Snippy waitress. Ran out of bruschetta and caprece salad. Caesar salad was warm shredded lettuce (apparently including iceberg) and tomatoes with some sort of non garlic dressing that was barely able to be tasted. That is not a Caesar salad.  Flatbread came without being cut into manageable slices and crumbled all over the place. Was told the bruschetta would have been made on facacio ??? bread  if they had any. That is not bruschetta.  My companions ordered shared salad and flatbread which arrived without sharing plates.  The kitchen was slow and the wait staff insufferable. The chef is obviously very high on himself.  I was embarrassed to have taken my visiting relative there. We enjoyed our evening anyway.  The service could just use a little work." My friend and I chose to check it out on a mellow weekday afternoon and we did not even eat/drink here because of the initial impression we received. We walked into the front entry and saw there was only one couple at a table and it was slow due to the time of day. We looked around and eventually expected to see anyone who worked there as we awkwardly waited near the hostess stand for several minutes. Finally Glad to see another local downtown restaurant." Had a bottle of wine with my wife before the theatre. The atmosphere was great and the staff was friendly. Didn't have any food though.  and at $5 a plate. Rarely do you leave happy hour full and with money still in your pocket. Excellent service "This place was decent. The happy hour was a good deal for food but the drinks were weak. The prickly pear margarita was very small. The location is close to the Phx Art Museum which is convenient Food was good and full of exciting flavors. Would put 3 $$$ for price. Definitely a must try. Service is great and attentive "Another fun wine tasting in the books! The fella that hosted the Arizona Strongold wine tasting was awesome and we want to thank Todd for selecting some fantastic cheeses for us. The tapas plate was pork belly and blue cheese stuffed dates....incredible!  If you haven't tried a wine tasting here yet  but I've had better. I wouldn't write the place off entirely- I haven't even tried their entrees  you'll probably feel a different vibe than me."   but still casual. It's very quiet and relaxed. Service was great and the staff was friendly & informative."  I was disappointed.  It seemed like it should be a nice place and maybe we just had a bad roll of the dice that night...but I never got to see what they have on the regular menu.  I might try it again to try a cheese plate but I dont think its going into my restaurant rotation."  if you are on the light rail after work  you have not been to very many wine bars. This place does not even come close to most extensive of anything in AZ!!!"  but it's really a very lovely place and I'd really like to see this neighborhood staple thrive!" Fave date spot.  Food is always great.  Love the wine and cheese selection. Cheuvront's is a nice little spot in Downtown Phoenix and a perfect place for a date night. The wine and cheese was fantastic. I was also very impressed by the attentiveness of the wait staff. I'll definitely be going back!  after all) so I let one of the owners surprise me with his favorite red wine and a cheese plate. The shiraz he picked was delish to say it was a disappointment is an understatement.  We have been there several times & live only a few miles away. With that said - the Port tasting was a DISASTER! GO NOT GO THERE FOR TASTINGS!! Unlike most tastings they mark up the bottles by 100% in order to make $$ & sell their very mediocre food.  The pours were so uneven they ran out of Port for several people!! We had all paid $20 & the pours were uneven - BS!!!!!  I was livid & then they served us a tomato/basil/.crap flatbread ""complimentary"" - WTH?? with Port?? Obviously these people know NOTHING about wine pairings.  My husband & I were very disappointed in the service  Italian Wine tastings and everything in between and always have a great time! This past weekend was the port tasting and what a great event. I learned a TON about port that I didn't know and got to try several ports that I'd never had. The tastings are typically $15 and include a small plate (or in this case  our waitress Laura was very knowledgeable and professional."  we had to ask another employee to get him so we could order.  Thomas we not very friendly at all and acted like he did not even want to be there.  I still tipped him 20%  but this meal was heaven in my mouth. For dessert we shared a piece of hazelnut torte and champagne. Perfect date night and worth the extra workout. The staff is wonderful and the ambience is romantic. The only two things would change is a later closing ...& not to serve dinner while the cheese course is being savoured. But because the meal and experience of Thursday night date night was so amazing ... Still earns a 5 ...& my date My only gripe is the ambience. For the money I want it to feel classier."  but don't take my word for it because I'm not a big alcohol drinker. I do like the atmosphere of the place and the fact that they use open table for you to make reservations muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw This place is pretty cool otherwise -- massively huge desserts (I nearly went into sugar shock eating their brownie with ice cream -- the brownie was bigger than my hand) and staff made up just like Alice Cooper." "I just had to go here to check out a place owned by Alice Cooper.  I ended up getting a meal that was good and gulped it down with a nice beer. A bit dark but hey  staff has always been friendly.  Food is good too (which doesn't always happen at a ""theme"" restaurant such as this)" "This is a cool rock 'n' roll bar but the food isn't anything spectacular so I don't recommend stopping in for dinner. But Coopers'town is the perfect place to chill before a concert or game with a group of friends. There's a large patio and the staff is cool. And it is one of the cooler bars in downtown Phoenix. On the weekends Tech Note: Alice Cooperstown's website looked very familiar in style. A quick keystroke to Hard Rock Cafe's website showed me why." If you want a fun place to go for happy hour  I have bumped up my star rating to 4 stars. I have tried a few more things on the menu and I highly recommend the crispy chicken wrap...it is delicious! The atmosphere at Coopers Town before a game is awesome and is a great spot to hit before a game. Plus how can you go wrong with $3 Bud The place is kinda nice inside but I'm SOOO not into the Themed Restaurants.  They were cool for a week but that week has long passed." i think the food is pretty good and a nice place for lunch since they are pretty quick and have alot tables to sit at.  they have great happy hour specials... and the best part is that all the servers have that really freaky eye makeup...  so I was happy. It's a diner with flair. How can I get the big-gunned black-t-shirted waiter dudes wearing make-up to call me ""sugar""? Hmmm... help me out here."  so we came back and ate more.  Little disappointed that more game-goers didn't party at the bars after - kind of weird.  Since they are a block from the park.  Ah well  and you can purchase overpriced Alice Cooper t-shirts and other stuff the whole year around." "Let's start with this; my waiter was a 30 year old guy with eyeliner caked on. Okay... that's it Cooperstown does have an outdoor stage and can be a nice place to catch local bands." Same goes for the service--it's always fast."  and I agree with another reviewer that the make-up is a bit cheesy (especially since they only do the bottom half!) but it adds to the atmosphere.  The locals say you can even catch a glimpse of Alice here when he's not on tour." I'll go back when downtown or maybe take an out of towner."  it's done in an alice cooper theme. there is a large variety of collectable rock and roll memorabilia on the walls signed by a variety of artists. there are gigantic tvs for any sports fans. these tv are seriously huge. the menu is fun and is fairly extensive. the food has always been really good. they have burgers The service was very quick and efficient.  I see no reason to go anywhere else before a D-Backs game."  save the guitars and album covers neatly arranged on the wall and the service dolled up like Cooper in his heyday. But really Thanks to Jim B. for the recommendation to come here.  It gave me conversation fodder :)" The goofy staff ""uniforms"" didn't bother me at all.  My waitress even charmed the kids -- despite having trademark ""Cooper"" eyeliner This is a place I hope stays open forever.  Good prices too.  Really good for the area and what you would expect." "Nice sports bar atmosphere right around the corner from the Phoenix Sun's Stadium.  Decent prices for food near the sports arenas and plenty of screens for the avid sports fan to get their fix while downing some beers with the boys (and gals that enjoy sports).  My eyes kind of hurt looking at the font of their menu themed restaurants are for the lamez of the world. they do have some bangin hot chicks working here. but nothing to get myself worked up about. next it will be McFarland's and it will become a lame comic themed bar. or worse. why do our local celebs blow?"  just steps away) and to drink (or sober up) after them. It has a family friendly environment that will make anyone in the family happy to attend." TGI Friday's. Chili's. Applebee's. Cooper's Town. These restaurants/sports bars seem to come out of the same factory. I was really hoping Cooper's Town would be different food-wise. But the menu looked terribly typical of what you'd find in any ol' diner. I had the vegetarian quesadilla out of hunger and everything else looked terribly deep-fried. It was decent but made with regular cheddar or American cheese--so definitely not special. A person in my group had a Vodka gimlet that he said was all Vodka. The waitresses with eye make-up and other thematic elements of the restaurant didn't do enough to disguise the fact that this place is nothing short of mediocre. Maybe I'll upgrade if I ever go back and try something else on the menu and like it. I recommend this place to people who insist on taking their poorly behaving children out to eat I like checking the out sports/music memorabilia.. I can recall a lot of the concerts I have seen everytime I visit Cooperstown..  The staff is always friendly and the food is always prepared properly. I hope to see Alice there sometime.."  the servers and bartenders are all nice and friendly....the ""Bare knuckle stout"" beer is awesome!! and the ""Big Unit"" Hot dog is something you gotta see for yourself........and if you are an Alice Cooper fan like myself is a plus....you'll have a great time."  you won't feel empty if you skip it.  It's just too much money to spend on very bland  hot link and brisket. The nice thing was that each item had its own sauce.  Another cool thing was that there was a neighborhood festival going on that day so after I finished my lunch  lead one to expect ""good."" A better execution of this restaurant's menu and improved service would lead to my adding a third star in the future."  but they also have some delicious vegetarian options as well. The pasta pomodoro is excellent. They sometimes hold intimate concerts in the outdoor area."  Alice doesn't live here anymore.  And we told you so.  Schools out." "I wanted to stop by here while I was walking around downtown Phoenix.  I came in just as a Diamondbacks game was finishing.  It was DEAD inside.  I sat at the bar and ordered water and a margarita.  It was the worst margarita I've ever had.  There was so much strawberry syrup and it was so sweet that I only drank a few sips The staff is usually friendly and the prices aren't too high. This is the only place I can find really good smoked meat!"  and nothing ever really strikes me or disappoints me.  The food is okay.  The waitstaff is okay.  It's normally pretty empty when I go.  I think if you're gonna have a cool concept then stick to it and make it stand out.  I get the whole dark makeup thing  but don't pile on the girlie perfume to try and hide it. Every time a cloud of some sickeningly sweet perfume and Marlboros as she rushed by carrying someone's drink order. Although I did appreciate the two drunk women at the bar who fell on the floor a few times and were clearly having more fun than I. Not worth the drive from Nor Phx." and if you're trying to get laid.......don't just dont." Good food and ice cold drinks meet Rock music!  A first choice before or after any event at USAirways Center or Chase Field.  The place fills up quick on event nights so show up early!  but it didn't interfere with my enjoyment so to each their own."  but I'd definitely eat here over the inflated prices at the game."  but ordering a two foot hot dog named 'the big unit' after MLB Pitcher Randy Johnson just didn't sound that appetizing to me."  the food is good and the service is always up to par. I enjoy this place because it is a shrine to two things I love: Sports and Music. Right next to a platnum record is a Diamondbacks jersey. How great is that? The menu is also catchy with things like a one foot long hot dog called ""The Big Unit"" in tribute to Randy Johnson of course. The menu prices are more than fair and I highly recomend drinking some beers here before you go into US Airways or Chase Field to save your self some money."  lots of seating & lots of rock-n-roll stuff but the food  good food - the worst service I have ever experienced. We will not be returning."  but I'd go in the evening when there's possibly more atmosphere around." I better stop my review now." Fun time eating burgers before a Diamondbacks game. Burger was good.  Hot dog was huge. We like the mix of baseball and rock memorabila.  BBQ in particular has gotten really good & whats this? THREE local beers on tap? Yes my Friends this is a place to try once more! The servers still wear makeup like the COOP himself and I must say there is no better pre Suns game hangout! GAME ON!"  is don't let your drunk friend wander off by himself.  If you walk into the kitchen when looking for the bathroom Then we went to the D-Backs game and watched the Brewers win by one run. I'm not from Phoenix and don't live there either The service was attentive and quick for being so busy.  Neat place to go overall."  it was a good meal. As crazy as it was it actually sat well in my stomach and things worked out well later too shall we say. I would love to see the place on a packed night but I do not think I would be that adventurous enough to make the trek to see it in action." Order the Wings of Mass Destruction.  I've only had one waitress who was not so good and I've been going there for years. Lots of room and it gets packed! I LOVE their blue Dean Martin Margarita and the veggie quesadilla. My husband is a big fan of the Devil's Ale and Pratt's pulled pork. The prices are very reasonable and I love that they offer mandarin oranges as a side. They also stock my favorite hot sauce instead of just Tabasco. Lots of fun stuff to look at on the walls and always a good mix of sports on TV.  Always a good time." The service was great and quick. The place was clean and the staff was friendly." give this place a try next time your looking to kill time before a dbacks game. I wouldn't go anywhere else (aka don't go to the mexican joint on 7th street because its over priced and lame)"  not friendly and only somewhat attentive. It was interesting to see that all of the employees had the Alice Cooper make-up." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  but there is a small but good beer selection to cool off the pallet. If you are downtown for a game "This is the greatest restaurant I've ever been to.  But I love rock music.  If you hate rock music and baseball and you have no sense of humor great place to chill and watch a game... its right across the street from where the suns play.  had the adam richmond big unit hot dog that was on tv and it was ok... more just something to get people to come in... the wings were good though... I just like the restaurant to chill in.... wish they had one in CA  but a great atmosphere. It was middle price range and a decent amount of food. Saw it on Man VS Food and tracked it down when in town. The family was excited and it was a fun experience. Lots of room I hope to see you there sometime before or after a Sun's or D-Backs game!" Expect to pay $15 or so per person." The bartender on Sunday was cool. I spent over $60 but the beer and food was worth it"  etc.) and like it here. Food and Drinks are good enough. It is easy to get to A fun place for out-of-towners." The food was great! The overall atmosphere was fun. The issues with the one bartender were  chili cheese fries and burgers are some favorites there. It's also a cool place to bring some out of town and rock fans."  but not impossible without a walk to find on Suns' game night. I also understand if you can go to the restaurant during a basketball game this is the best You must try the big unit hot dog bases loaded! It is amazing how large that one hot dog is and is great to share with a group of friends. We all have different tastes but all of us enjoyed it. I wish more fries came with it though because it is equally as amazing. Eating here always has a fun atmosphere. 2) Parking is a bit of a downer.  Pretty much all paid parking; I suppose you could find unpaid with a farther walk but  and a side salad. Everything tasted good and it was really filling. The service could have been a little bit better but I was so enthralled by the large televisions playing Sportscenter and all the concert posters on the walls that I didn't really mind. I definitely can see myself going here again after a basketball or baseball game."  but its still a great place to check out when you are in Phoenix. I was there during the Christmas holiday so it was dead downtown which means awesome parking but also made me wonder where everyone was... All in all a fun place if you are down with Alice Cooper and large beef franks.. Oh  definitely a sports bar with huge damn screens.  Nice place.  Nice time.  Thanks." This restaurant is just like a Hard Rock restaurant.  Most of the servers there wore makeup like Alice Cooper...that was pretty cool."  they just reminded me too much of kfc wings :/.  All in all just the atmosphere made me really enjoy this place" Beware of the big unit.  Seriously." Cooperstown is a funny little establishment and a great place to go occasionally or on special occasions. Just beware of the BIG UNIT!"  atmosphere is really fun. The food is good Good food. The service was extremely slow and the hostess couldn't get her wait times anywhere near correct. The bartender was slower than a snail.  but it was a tuesday so I think our waitress could have been faster. When I'm in Phoenix again I'll want to go back."  great food and cool decor"  warehouse style sports bar just makes me giggle (""Where Jocks and Rock meet""...hahahaha).  The face paint on the waitstaff was just cream.  FOR A SPORTSBAR I would give this place a second chance cause service was good but no recommendations till then. Very disappointed with my dish  so I thought the decor was fun. The restaurant really deserves 3.5 stars since I enjoyed my entree but my friend was so disappointed with hers. Would recommend for out-of-towners who like sports and rock." "Fun place to go with friends for the first time. Had to try the 22"" hot dog. Friendly staff and lively atmosphere. Good location  then a famale server takes our drink orders. It wasn't organized at all. Then my friend ordered a beer on tap and that didn't work. So she just ordered a bottle which was $5.00. I ordered the chili cheese fries. The chili came on the side "I was one of 50 people who went there to get Adam's Big Unit.  The service was top notch and they move fast and get work done.  And the hot dog was sooooo huge and soooooo good.  I shared my picture of eating the big unit with Sebastian Bach and he commented back on it because it was so enormous!  It had great flavor and my favorite brioche bread.  I will be going back to attempt the dog on my own.  I am a tall skinny girl but I have a true appetite so I will definitely get that 22"" hot dog down no problem.  I highly recommend Cooperstown.  It is a great place to have good food and have a great time!"  great set-up. Really as good as it gets. It looks like they have great lunch specials too. I" The best thing about the night was being with my family.  Overall  as long as I don't get the disappearing act server again."  ever since we saw it on Man VS Food. Finally had our chance and we were disappointed. We ordered the BIG UNIT  I thought with the size this dog would have problems! Just because it's big! Doesn't mean it better! But this was not that bad. Wife and I shared an order of nachos Overall the food was decent.  I wouldn't make a special trip down to this joint but I'd eat there again if I was already in the area for a ball game." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Yes we went here because it was on Man vs. Food! We were suprized how good the food was. Husband had ribs and LOVED them. I had a buffalo chicken sandwich and it was very good too. Service was friendly and quick. Good place for groups. I really dint care for this place. the music was blah and the out door seating was lame.The only cool thing i saw was the big unit. A home wrecking size weenie some old man was trying to deep throat. Best Sports bar in downtown by a mile. If you are lucky you might even get to meet Alice. The big unit is an amazing dog. As for the rest of the food I have never had anything bad and I have been going since it opened back in the day. Also a fun place to watch a show. I think this is a spot you should check out at least just once if you're in the area. Could be a good spot for after work drinks when you're just in the mood for a few drinks and something to snack on... not necessarily dinner."  this is a great sports bar and a must-visit for spring training regulars." Overall a fun good time. Good place to bring visitors. We were here on a Saturday afternoon but I'll bet this place rocks at night on the big outdoor patio." The sandwich which I had been yearning for since ordering it came and I removed the top bun and expected to see a saucy meat mess and was let down I saw shredded beef and little sauce  which never happened. We ordered an appetizer of salsa and chips which never came out. People seated after us were receiving their food and we had not received our appetizer! Our waitress noticed we hadn't received anything yet and went to go check. Magically our whole order was done and our appetizer came out WITH our order therefore it went to waste by that point. A little too late. My mashed potatoes came out luke-warm and were cold after a few bites. My husband didn't receive his beverage he ordered til asked about it after everyone else received their drinks. The food was nothing special but not the worst I've had. After our experience Great place for a beer  before heading to Chase field too."  nice draft selection and good tunes. It will likely become tradition before future games."  the atmosphere was killer and it decor was cool."  but it was worth a try when we were in town. I ordered the Cuban Sandwich and it was good. I would try something else on my next visit to town Does anyone know how frequently Mr. Cooper makes appearances in his restaurant?  I'm just curious..." A perfect spot for pre/post game fun." What could easily have been a run of the mill celebrity owned restaurant tourist trap is actually a fun There were very few customers on a non-game Thursday night so it was not that noisy.  Overall experience was ok.  Prices are ok.  The hotdog was a bit on the salty side but surely something that one must try out at least once." Very fun tourist place. The staff was nice and the food was what I expected for a place next to a ball park and downtown Phoenix. THE BIG UNIT was a big hit...everytime someone order one they would ring a bell and yell BIG UNIT...it was cute and funny for the first 30 minutes then it got annoying. If you visit Phoenix it is a definite place to stop and visit for lunch and atmosphere.  I tried this place for food and I will not be going back or recommend to anyone I know.  Drinks only OK!!!  2 words describes this place:  Tourist Trap." the drinks here are better than the bar food!"  it's sure to be jam packed from floor to ceiling. I've seen every type of person here from the out of towner older gentlemen entertaining .... younger ladies.... to families taking down the super gigantic hot dog that Adam Richmond dominated on Man Vs Food to college student drinking the entire bar up before the game. It's a fun atmosphere Cooper donates a lot back to our community. A friend of mine from college received a scholarship to Grand Canyon University funded by Alice Cooper. Support local! :)" oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Atmosphere and service are okay. So nothing special but hey it's Alice Cooper  but less than an hour later I was hungry again. To drink I ordered the microbrewery SanTan Devil's Gordo Stout for $5.50. This was a very sad beer; watery Decent for drinks or watching sports but don't make a mecca for this place. The big unit I had was below average. Bun was hard. Hot dog was flavorless and chilli was bland." MAN vs FOOD AIN'T GOT NOTHING ON ME!!!"  tons of football to watch and enjoy.  Would consider coming back when my baseball travels bring me back out to Phoenix for a Dbacks game or more Fall League.  I want people to ring the bell and scream BIG UNIT for when I tackle that giant hot dog."  the overpriced drinks make it a place you should pre-game before you head to for sports viewing. Clearly this place relies on its owner's renown for its reputation and customer base more so than it's ability to be a quality location."  however was not at all impressed with the food and service."  but definitely enjoyed it. If I get this again when in town OH - and drink specials every day. I'm in!" I really think I am going to steer clear of this tourist trap from here on in. If you want some really good BBQ  nothing bad about this place at all. Came when there wasn't a sports game so it wasn't crowded :). Would come back just for the seasoned fries.. mmmmmmm." "Such a disappointment. I came here around Christmastime with my family and it was a Friday afternoon/early evening and the place was a bore. There was no interesting or exciting music like you would expect from a rock legend type bar. The food was alright. We shared an appetizer platter called the wildcat combo which was really tiny I think once was enough and won't go back. Unless we win or be given a gift card." Don't forget to ask to have our face painted at the front!"  but the service is excellent and the food even better.  I have yet to try the Big Unit  but she was very nice and I enjoyed my lunch. I definitely would go back to try something else on the menu." I can't really comment on the atmosphere because we were seated outside  the bell rings.  This is close to CHASE FIELD AND all of the sites in DOWNTOWN."  prices and atmosphere. Not a place a go out of my way for The wings are awesome! Good place to go before a game or event downtown. Food is good and staff is nice. It's always been quiet when I have been there but the only drawback is they close I believe like 10 or 11pm."  wonderful vibe. I will be returning here." "A group of us went to try the ""Big unit"" 22"" hot dog. I have to say that it was delicious and more than plenty for one person. Yes  HD TVs and five giant projection screens! Top this off with giant portions of good old fashioned man food. Parking Awesome place! I like the memorabilia on the walls.  a super annoying bell goes off and all the wait staff stop what they're doing and yell ""BIG UNIT!"" That got old after the third one. I definitely couldn't work there. The big disappointment The fully loaded big unit is huge.  If you like hot dogs you must definitely try this.  Parking isn't that great though as you are right next to all of the stadiums in Phoenix and all the parking lots charge outrageous fees.  Try and find street parking if you are lucky.  so you probably won't need refills. There are plenty of huge screen TVs located around the dining room for watching sports. There are also many rock memorabilia pieces located around the restaurant." Stick with Zips in Scottsdale." "Welcome to Alice's overpriced tourist trap nightmare! Food is expensive and totally tasteless. Seemed like they used generic frozen ingredients for all the dishes we ordered. The fish fry and fish tacos were the worst. Seriously Enjoyed it through and through. Had the big unit hot dog. It was actually delicious. Will go back whenever im in Arizona. Oh! and the waitress was very nice.  with a choice of several plates named after an athlete or celebrity." It's always been quiet when I have been there but the only drawback is they close I believe like 10 or 11pm."  but when we sat down we didn't see our waiter for about another 10 minutes! I know it is a sports bar and it is going to be noisy but this was just unreal! The T.V.'s where turned up so loud that we couldn't talk to each other at our own table! After trying we resulted to just sitting there watching the T.V.'s without talking to each other! We even asked a worker if they could turn down the Sound just a little bit and they said it could not be done! I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and it was one of the worst i have ever had! It honestly tasted like school cafeteria food! The fries where some of the worst i have had! i do not know how you can mess up french fries but they easily managed that! Then in the end i had to pay for all that! I will never go back! Dont fall for the Trap like me!"  its really GOOD! The prices for 2 was great. The only down side to the restaurant is that the service wasn't all there. Its a great place to have good food." Not a bad option in the area!"  I did not like our waiter who didn't seem like he wanted to be there. He never really checked on us  and we waited a long time for our check to come. Service = Bad. Food = Good."  very courteous and attentive service. Great atmosphere and decor (love the old music memorabilia). The Veggie Quesadilla was awesome. Will definitely come back (perhaps when the weather is nicer... it was 102 at 10pm on the night of the show)..."  friendly and on top of things plus they elicit the ""Alice Cooper"" image in a very accurate way (although they did a not bring me a snake-thank God). Rock N Roll Would've been nice to have known the price of beer.  It's not posted on the menus.  Had the San Tan Hopshock IPA.  Very tasty but my main quibble is we just left the baseball stadium.  Why are you serving me 12 oz in a plastic cup for $5.50?  Left the stadium to escape that ding.  Eh Lets just say this place is awesome! My sister in law ordered that huge ol' hot dog and shared it with 3 different people. I had a bbq chicken salad and it was pretty good and a very decent size. I wanted to take the cup home that they served our drinks it!  It is a fun place to work out and if your kids are scared of dark make up I would definitely steer clear of this place!!! But fun place to just enjoy a good lunch/drink or two! "Food was tasty. When did I get so old and begin to think every restaurant  I had to wait nearly an hour between time of order to time of serving. Don't go there unless you are very patient."  I thought it would be a hit. I am new in town so I decided to check it out one afternoon. I went on a Wednesday for lunch and sat at the bar- they boast half-priced lunch between 11-3 and have various items half off for each day of the week. Wednesday was 50% off their salads and meatloaf. I decided to go with the Bruce Lee asian chicken salad and coupled it with a nice Pear Cider. I loved looking at all the memorabilia and the bartender was super nice. My salad was disgusting  and the big unit i took without beacon and it was awesome.""" I'll come back for sure!!" oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Also I kept the bone just in case." Thanks for the PTSD Alice Cooper!" "Two words: Big Unit!! Just try it...you won't be disappointed! Make sure you share it If you in town recommended that you stop by even just to heck out the merch.  Great place to take family after a game or out for a fun night." I'd go back in a heartbeat when I'm in Phoenix!  Hats off to Alice (who apparently only shows up every few months what we got isn't on the menu anymore? just wanna log for the records but we got some time of sampler  and my little brother and it was so fun. We watched the NCAA tourny on all the big screens and their food is so good. My lil bro got those huge hot dogs. Good memories to look back on." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  we all had out share of it. But my Aunt Sue was game and actually ate most of it!! I had the Rob Zombie Burger! It was great  2 ribs (awesome).  Other dishes enjoyed by our group include the tuna casserole and meatloaf.  This place has great comfort food!"  and the wings were big and solid in flavor. BUT THE BIG UNIT IS BIG DEAL AND UNREAL! 2 feet of dog with chili  like plain ol' lunch meat. Overpriced and definitely not worth it. Don't waste your time or money!"  records etc on the walls. We loved our experience. We had the Unit. Very good but needed tums later that night RUN don't walk from Alice Coopertown!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  but 4 stars is still ok. Had the Big Unit. The quality of the dog is delicious including the baguette it comes in. For $15 though "Really the perfect place to go before any sporting event in the area. We came before going to a Fiesta Bowl party at the Diamondbacks stadium just down the street. There is plenty of parking nearby and usually plenty of room inside or outside to get even a sizable party seats. They have a good selection of microbrews (a trait that is so often overlooked in sports bars) I wouldn't make this a ""must visit"" place but if you're in the area "Hot diggity dang this place is just of the hook tasty.  The big unit is this huge amazing hot dog  VERY rude bartender. Left before getting waited on!" "Man I cannot wait to go back!! The bullet wrap is delicious as is the asian chicken salad and wings! Awesomely fun atmosphere ""where rock meets jock"" all the novelty of the great Alice Cooper (WE'RE NOT WORTHYY!) alongside ginormous flat screens everywhere Can only conclude that Vincent really cares about the stuff that has his name on it." Yucky I didn't think the food was very tasteful and it was overpriced. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw Came here just for a HH drink.  We had all had lunch & weren't hungry.  I'll come back when I am.  Cute names on the menu for their food items.  I was tempted by a lot it.  The local IPA was perfect.  Santan I believe was the name.  Feel sorry for all the staff who have to paint the black marks under their eyes.  unless you are a die hard Alice Cooper fan. And if you are there as a fan DON'T eat the food. The food is low grade ""pub grub"" (frozen food that's been deep fried). Service is slow & totally apathetic."  decent prices...and it's a wonderful place for kids too.  Not too many of those.  Cooperstown has seen us before and will see us again and again."  but it felt like no one cared anymore about general upkeep and food quality. Too bad."  and cool place if you are a harcore alice cooper fan. not so much a fan of the food  excellent downtown location."  themed waiters. How cool? Not sure how the food is overall because I've only been once but everything looked pretty solid. I ordered the ""Big Unit"" because that's like the staple thing to get here and that's what my friends told me to get so I did. I knew this thing was big from the beginning but damn Can be decent for a gathering of the masses to watch a game  happening place to hang before the game. I was impressed to find that they have a pretty big brew selection and even a few gluten free ones for me. That would be a cider for now. But I am learning. The staff was friendly and helpful. We sat at the bar because I like fun places Don't think I would ever go back.  Plenty of better places to eat downtown." Bottom line - great place to grab a few drinks before the Diamondbacks game but not a lot of food for vegetarians." Place is pricey - its a tourist trap but its a fun atmosphere and  near the ballpark" I celebrated my birthday at Cooperstown and had so much fun. The food is great and the atmosphere is awesome.  but too much bread. Great bloody Mary bar on Sundays. Good place to watch sports. Sometimes they have bands on their outdoor stage....and sometimes Alice visits." "We stopped here to eat before we went to the game. The food was EXCELLENT! The service was amazing as well. We had a mushroom burger This place isn't for everybody who is not into the genre. We did enjoy it and will return on special occasions. If you go make it a week day for lunch. It's probably when you'll get best for service. They are located near Chase Field Cold beer good food good music and a cool staff ill defiantly come back!  looks like they place would be a freaking party-house nightmare on a game night." I actually thought we were there on a night there was no baseball games as that part of town as very quiet.  But upon leaving saw all the streets blocked off in anticipation of the fans leaving after the game.  This place had always been jumping the other times I went there.  We were able to find street parking on an adjacent street." I love this place our waitress Sara Jane was awesome I will be coming back. Oh one more thing parking is not easy."  just warm-- I split it with my husband. It was $16.99. You can get it with all the fixings but we got it with relish and onions. Nothing special.  I also got a dinner salad (mostly iceberg with rings of red onion "Oh yum! We had a great time at this restaurant and the food was wonderful. I would have liked bigger portions Ok I know my review is a bit late but oh well :) . I came in here when I visited Arizona when the LA Dodgers played the Diamondbacks back in April of this year. This place was cool! I had the big unit and it was soo delicious! I would definitely recommned this place. The dudes wear make-up like Alice Cooper and the outdoor patio is nice when the weather cools off. Solid 3."  and the chipotle pasta (with cut up hot dog in it). Worst barbecue ever. Seemed like it was made a week ago and microwaved. Nice place to have a drink and watch a game There are better options nearby...pass"  *that* bad.) And I devoted a Yelp review to it as well (here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/arena-park-place-l-p-phoenix#hrid:yi7CY8WilX73OYj7Tl6YjQ) If I had a choice I wouldn't park here. But it is right behind the restaurant. Just be aware of potential customer service issues."  it's a cool place. Especially if you like big wieners."  and those suggestions stand. They get 2 stars for location and a nice array of TV's for game day. They lose 3 stars for poor service "Meet a friend from Washington DC recently at Alice Cooper'stown and had lunch.   It was a real treat.    We ordered the ""Big Unit"" a 20"" long hotdog.    Probably one of the best hotdogs I have ever eaten.      Also had a platter of various snacks and finished it off with a baseball mitt size brownie topped with ice cream and whipped cream.   I was very surprised with the food.     I found it to be great and look forward to the next time pack.     Great place to kick back enjoy a beer and  the environment.    Great wait staff." It is a shame the rest of the competition is being held there. The kids deserve so much better."   Great!!  The sports vibe was fantastic!  Everywhere you look big screens with the game on.  Platinum and Gold records on the walls!  A very festive atmosphere!  The food was very good!  We had the bases loaded Big Unit.  Worth the $!  Very Big Been wanting to try this place once I seen it on MvF.   Okay so I tried the 'Bases Loaded Big Unit'.  It was good.  Could not finish it all.  Very cool atmosphere with Rock 'n Roll and sports memorabilia. "the best of everything food and atmosphere  the side dishes are weird. Mandarin Oranges and apple slices don't really belong next to a burger  knob-heavy component stereo system in their living room.  I would walk around their house pretending I was cool and ignoring--or at least attempting to ignore--your nightmare: I couldn't look you in the eye.  At Cooper'stown  my party shared the big unit hot dog. They really need to put a lot more chili on it. We had the jalapeno coins appetizer  service was good..couldn't get the hockey game on I wanted but I guess they are more for suns or d-bcks. I'd probably come back again.."  I was convinced there wasn't any good food in downtown Phoenix. The next time I'm in town  good and nothing fancy. It is just a fun place to take people or hang out when you need to be downtown."  perfect for catching a few games. It's no short on entertainment. The plus on service was that our server was very conscientious of the short time line we were on. The opportunity that could have been gained was asking for refills for beverages  I was told the wait was 35 to 40 min... an hour later I asked when we would be sat and I was greeted with three girls and nothing but attitude. When I asked why people who came in after us were served I was told that they were either ""friends"" or investors.  20 min later I approached them again noticing that nearly everyone that came in after me had been sat. I was told that they called us which was a blatant lie because where we were waiting the intercom was so loud it made my granddaughter scared every time they used it. Come to find out when we asked the first time how long the wait would be they put a mark next to our name which made them believe they called our name when they had not...genius!  When they figured out their mistake all I teceived was attitude and NO apology. So we asked to see the manager  the atmosphere is super and the wait staff is pretty friendly. I had the big unit hot dog and it was quite tasty but I could not finish it. The food was quite good as was the place itself with the decor was pretty cool. The music was rock as expected and basically this is a better version of Hard Rock Cafe." I'll be ready to go back the next time we happen to be in Phoenix." "Too many restaurant gaffes in one night. Forgotten drinks "Decent food.  Came more for the atmosphere and to yell ""big unit"" every time someones orders one of their giant hotdogs." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw "Had to try this place out...how can you go wrong with a big hot dog and Alice Cooper. Really cool stuff inside  food did !!!!  They also have a Big Unit as well with no toppings .  Perhaps next time i'm in town for a game i'll attack this one.  I also love how they ring the bell when your order comes out and the staff yells BIG UNIT !!!  ( Big Unit being named after former DBacks pitcher Randy Johnson ) .If your in town for Spring Training That being said the food was below average. The club sandwich was dry and lacked flavor. The restaurant was also really large and seemed cluttered (probably due to all the memorabilia)  I'm sure Alice Cooper fans probably appreciate it!" One suggestion: this place would be even more fun if the staff looked like they enjoyed their jobs. Not a lot of smiles or friendly small talk." Don't miss out on this experience! GO!"  kinda just comes across as a typical sports bar.  I really don't think I will go back in the future due to our food and service being bad."  couples or singles and looks like it would be a decent bar in the evenings. Sort of reminds me of the Hard Rock Cafe  yummy! The service was super friendly and loved the music that was playing. It was like they hacked my I-pod. The only reason for 4 stars is the place could use some updating otherwise it would've been 5."  this place is worth a visit for the fun and novelty of doing so. I had a lot of fun here. Despite the place reminding me of my grandma's house."  getting you your food and check quickly so that you're not late.  We tried the BBQ and it was pretty good for a generalist kind of place.  The menu is quite extensive so it's sure to have something for everyone."  but whatevs.  The food is all around satisfying and I'm definitely making Alice Cooperstown a regular place on my list." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw The atmosphere was the most interesting part of coming here. It is a shame that Alice Cooper would let his restaurant stoop this low. This is definitely a busy model focused around profits and not quality or satisfaction. This restaurant would never survive without its namesake."  nothing special. It's worth it for the money. Don't expect anything special. It's just a fun place with great sports on all the TV's." "Me and my family have lived in Arizona for the past 4 years. We always talked about going to Alice Cooperstown but never got the chance...until tonight!! It was pretty darn cool oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  but he's a super picky guy and I think he went in there already deciding that he wasn't going to be happy. I will be back Fun if you're an Alice Cooper fan or need a bar to get sloshed and watch games at. But this review is just for the dog." Truth be told I was disappointed each time I visited - not sure why I keep going back." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  no other reason to come here cept maybe for at t shirt other than that not worth a trip here "Went here while in PHX on business with a friend who lives locally.  Thought it would be a good place to have some dinner since i love BBQ.  No such luck.  Nothing seemed like real BBq  just over cooked and tasteless.  Very Chain resturant-y So if you find yourself in downtown Phoenix give Cooperstown Sports Grill a try "What a great environment! The place is full of energy. The big unit was a group pleaser! Our waitress Since it is a large place the noise level does get high when crowded." "Haven't been here in awhile. They changed some things like the bread and they skimp ed out on mushrooms and cheese on the shroom burger. Still tasted good  we will never return!" I would probably recommend checking them out because the price is reasonable for what you get."  great atmosphere and good service. Plenty of TV's to watch your favorite sports." Been there about 5 times since it opened and the food has never been good.   Not much on the menu and very bland.   Service isn't the best plus you have to pay $10 to park.   Doubt I ever go back. Don't forget to yell out ""Big Unit"" when the bell sounds." This place was awesome. Tons of awesome memorabilia all over and great food as well. They even had an Elaine Benes big salad on the menu from Seinfeld. A great place to go when you're downtown especially before or after an event.  Arizona we stopped to order a Bases Loaded Mega Dogg from our favorite restaurant in Phoenix Arizona to take home.  Only thing is home is Moreno Valley California!  5 hours away!  Long story short Awesome place. Great food. The Service is great. All in all just an ok experience." Very greasy and food tastes like it was not fresh and prepared and frozen.  Bbq meat tasted old.  and was able to talk to him for awhile about the restaurant and tell him how much I liked the food." Disgusting & disappointing!!!" Would definitely go back here when passing through again."  the server made a million mistakes and I'm pretty sure was high on something. But I love heavy metal and Alice Cooper too much to give this place a bad review. Even though it wasn't that great "the burgers were the same as any fast food place. it had a nice atmosphere "We are DBacks season ticket holders and like to eat before the games at different places by the ballpark. We had bad service one time before at Cooperstown when they forgot to call our table and they put us outside in the corner after a 2 hour wait.  We heard there was new management so we came for another try.  When we sat down we waited 15 minutes before waiter came by.  He rudely said ""sorry I'm busy."" This time was worse then before.  We ordered the $17 brisket and turkey breast for two.  We got 3 slices of brisket and 3 slices of turkey.  We sent it back and the food runner got pissed and gave us attitude. The manager came and said sorry but we are working on our portions and when I saw that go by I was concerned.  But he didn't do anything until we complained. We left and the one thing I think sizes it up is that they didn't care. So disappointed!"  but luckily we beat the rush. Nothing else on the menu really leaped out as must-tries dGyYmoqSfIxIU8tNkBfvkg Definitely not something I'd make a trip for exclusively but great way to kick off a trip to the ballpark."  and good service. This a fun place to grab a drink and/or late lunch before catching a Dbacks game."  I would think this would be a busy day for them!  There are few good sports bars downtown for families (not Hooters or Tilted Kilt) so it's a shame." Overpriced and microwaved.  Eat more than 10 feet away from the game and enjoy a meal.  even when we got lost and the host on the phone helped us by giving us step by step instructions to find the restaurant.  Our waitress was great! We had the big unit  just great music. I think the best thing about the place was the atmosphere We had a great time watching all these young and very talented musicians! We can't wait to come back for the next round."  they were crispy and plenty of them but the cheese didn't have much flavor. I got the turkey sliders which again has minimal flavor....a little salt and pepper never hurt anyone during the cooking process!  My boyfriend got the ""no more Mr. Nice guy"" as his main entree...wasn't impressed  there aren't many choices for me on the menu.  I selected the fish tacos.  They were so-so.  They came with fries and cole slaw.  Nothing really stood out with my meal.  Everything was pretty mediocre.  Had dinner and 1 drink and left.  Won't be back when visiting again."  Alice Cooperstown is a great place with a ton of character and better than average bar food. Just what you're looking for before and after a game....or any other time as well!"  only advised by employee sweeping off patio. Had checked their website before leaving home (45 miles away) and no notice on site. 4 year old grand-daughter named Alice was so upset as she wanted to see ""a boy named Alice"". Will never return!!!!!!"  and Mike just to name a few.  It's a great place to come watch a game ( so many TVs) or hang out after any sporting event.  I love going here and randomly catching a band playing on their outside stage.  The food is definitely worth trying as well.  Some of my favorites are the Mac and cheese and chicken sliders. If your in the mood for some spicy add the jalapeo coins to your dish." Special shout out to Alisha. Bomb diggity server. Quite possibly the biggest smile on earth." Super fun family experience! Order the kids the big unit and the brownie with ice cream! Lifetime family memory! Not even Alice Cooper fan but he hit a homerun with this one! Great vibes and very fair pricing!  and Mike just to name a few.  It's a great place to come watch a game ( so many TVs) or hang out after any sporting event.  I love going here and randomly catching a band playing on their outside stage.  The food is definitely worth trying as well.  Some of my favorites are the Mac and cheese and chicken sliders. If your in the mood for some spicy add the jalapeo coins to your dish." I always take visitors new to Phoenix here."  and chicken tenders. I figured I'd be able to try a bit of everything. It's an amusing little joint Had the man vs food  big unit it was a well flavoed hot got the last was worth its price the staff was also very friendly will definitely try to go again if I am ever in the area  again We had a groupon and decided to try it out. It wasn't hAppy hour and my draft bud light was $5. The appetizers were so-so. It's a great atmosphere and would be fun after a game. "Great lil joint downtown phx. . People are friendly especially Jeremy! ! I will be recommending this place to everyone.. great live music I went there today and the food was bad the prices were high and they really screw you on the double platter deal. Do your self a favor and go somewhere else's. I would love to go back again. They are closed most Sundays. Unless there is a major event downtown. You should check their website before going down on a Sunday."  the waiter retired to take my still half full cocktail away ...though the atmosphere was fun.  I don't think I will be back anytime soon."  but wife would be reluctant to return."  slow and unorganized hostess staff. Waited 2 hrs and never served. Apparently the customer Isn't always right at Cooperstown. What a complete waste of time." Will I be back...no! I can take my business elsewhere downtown."  and then we got our food and discovered why.  I ordered a salad with grilled chicken.  I could have received a better salad at McDonald's.  The lettuce was wilted and looked straight out of a bag.  Half the chicken was cold and half was warm.  My husband ordered the ""platter"" with two meats and two sides.  He received two measly portions of meat and the sides????  BBQ beans from a can We've been back a few times since our first bad experience. I'm glad we gave Cooperstown another chance because we've had great less crowded experiences since with awesome food!! Cooperstown is one of our must stop restaurants when we are downtown!! "We eat here every time we got to a game. I love their salads and fries. My husband always gets the sliders. They taste good and aren't a dry slab of meat. Sadly the outside doesn't have servers so if you want to eat you have to order inside and then take it to your seat. The only thing I don't like is the very load alarm they ring when a person orders e big unit. My son freaks out and has fit. so  we had a decent visit. I feel think might be more of a place to stop in for a drink before a game of some sort place was packed but service was good  and pretty good beer selection.  Hubby and I ordered thier BBQ combo platter.  It came with a a mix of 5 meats and 2 side of your choice.  My fav - surprisingly - was the turkey and the link.  Thought the turkey would be dry - um NO way.  Verrrrrrry good.  Had the Peach beer  typical bar food. Nice design and decor inside. The outside patio for bands is cool. Always a very loud environment inside. Plenty of big screens to watch sports."  since they ring a bell every time one of the Big Units comes.out of the kitchen.  The wings were great (have to order chicken in some.form at a place owned by Alice Cooper)."  which helps give this place a great Rock & Roll vibe- just like Alice Cooper would want it!" The food was good..the service sucked!! We waiting 30 min for even our waters then another 15 for a drinks!! I didn't even get my food order!! So I had to wait another 15 min!! The music was good and the ambience was fun!!  he was really unsure. nevertheless he came by and gave us our drinks . He got them wrong. He fixed it but then didn't come back for another 25 minutes to take our order. now that part we weren't really annoyed because we had conversations and drinks in front of us. When he finally came over to take our order we wanted an appetizer. Now it would have been nice to have gotten an appetizer right when we gotten our drinks because then those 25 minutes wouldn't have seemed so bad. ... A food runner came out shortly after and brought us our appetizer. It then took another 15 minutes for him to come back to take our food order. The food came out just right thank god. But  After about 10 minutes you would expect for a server to come over and ask you how the meal is  but it is big and has flavor.  The servers have all been friendly and they wear the Alice Cooper eye make up.  They ring the bell and yell out every time someone orders a Big Unit and it comes out.  This is a great place to come to Worth a visit if you happen to spend time in Phoenix." Food was great. We had the most amazing server named Bailey!! She was helpful without hovering and knowledgeable about the menu and options! When you go ask for her!!  smoked? You say? Well yeah like a 15 year smoker on the patch. In Alice cooper I do not trust."  but nothing overboard. Welcome to my Nightmare chili loaded was just ok. Crispy chicken salad again just ok. Atmosphere ok but of course in the whole place that's open they put family with two under two kids right in middle fucking up the atmosphere. Nice touch. Hey Alice I will never come here again." From Seattle area big fan of Alice Cooper food is outstanding and extremely fair priced I was a little worried because some celebrity owned restaurants can suck but not here great place BBQ Is great tvs everywhere and cool rock star memorabilia all around the restaurant not just Alice Cooper's stuff  the memorabilia and wall writing can keep you occupied for many So it's an ok place & glad I went.  I got no time for tears it's just another touristy restaurant." Last night's entertainment was a wonderful surprise! Most talented group I've heard in Phoenix ! Ratio Band! Every musician was top notch! Great waitress and outdoor experience. Will be back and looking for that band again..  the huge portion that of ""man vs food"" is overrated and the price doesnt go wth the taste  It is within walking distance to Chase Field also so its pretty easy to get to before or after a game." Interesting spot downtown.  We were on our way out of Phoenix and needed some lunch before we left.  We stopped in just after they opened and were the only people inside.  It remained a pretty quiet Sunday for them with only one other table showing up before we left.  Service was friendly but minimal.  We ordered two burgers and they were cooked well and tasted great.  Their bloody mary mix is really thick and not that great but I was hungover and needed it.  We were able to get in and out in about thirty minutes so that was nice but just nothing overly impressive here.  watch games and have good food and drinks.  If you're looking for a fun and unique sports bar in downtown Phoenix then check out Alice Cooperstown."   but on the other hand I came here to try the food. I honestly wasn't blown away.  I ordered the Reuben sandwich which is a pretty standard dish. It came with fries and coleslaw. The sandwich was very small and very expensive for that size. 13 bucks seemed really steep and with a drink and tip you can not eat there for under 20 bucks. The sandwich itself was cold and very greasy. I had better. The fries were tasty but the coleslaw was stale. Our waiter was really nice and attentive and its not his fault that the food isn't great. But the joint has a nice atmosphere and I might come here again just to have some drinks since my office is around the corner." This is my son's favorite restaurant. We come during off game times and the food and service is wonderful. They give the kids Alice Cooper face paint. The waiter was extremely EXTREMELY NICE!!! Great service and awesome food!!! Definitely recommend it!!!  the atmosphere was good.  I myself am a sports and rock n roll fan and it was really cool that if you wanted to come in just to take pictures Food was not great. Not much else to say about this place. I guess if you like Alice Cooper you might want  to check this place out Everything else was blah... just mediocre." Definitely one of my favorite places to go Downtown!  We enjoyed the appetizer sampler and some beverages.  Everyone is always friendly and accommodating and the food is always excellent!  Sarah Jane and the whole crew for paying such attention to us on Saturday!  What a great time.  My nearly 80 year old father really loves this place and with good reason... Get the bbq sampler platter While on vacation I saw this place on TV and decided to make the drive to Downtown Phoenix and stopped by. The Big Unit caught my attention and boy was it big. It was delicious was able to share with someone else. Seems like a good night spot to hand out and if your lucky I hear Alice shows up from time to time. Nice venue!  Many successful possibilities because of variety of restaurant areas. Too bad booking manager does not follow through with promised dates to bands. Ratio Band found out the hard way their gig was cancelled.  Too bad.  Alicia and the hostess were fun. Looking forward to bringing our friends to the restaurant." "I went here with my boyfriend for dinner and the food was so good! I got the big unit hotdog and he got the ribs. The hot dog was just as big as I imagined and an alarm sounded when they brought it out. Lol. That was a nice touch. The ribs were tasty. The meat fell right off the bones. Its a cool concept inside  I make an effort to get to." It was entertaining but I'm not sure I'd come back." "Can't say enough about this place. The environment was cool. Nice outside are where you can enjoy a beer while waiting for a table. Staff was friendly and it was packed! Had a couple buds and some food while waiting for the Dbacks game to start. The ""Man vs Food"" hot do was the biggest hot dog I've ever seen in my life and was actually pretty decent with all the stuff they put on it. Kudos to Alice's Cooperstown for this cool place to eat." I got the smoked brisket. It's was alright. Maybe I'm just not a brisket guy cause it was dry and bland. The wings were good and I liked the ribs. I love this place. I always get the same thing though. I get the green pork chili nachos. AMAZING!! Love the environment and the atmosphere!!!!! Convenient location for dinner before a sports event or concert! The food was delicious. I recommend the Maniac Mac n Cheese!  The bacon cheeseburger was good as well with a small cup of chili that comes on the plate. The margaritas are good and strong. On a Saturday night the wait to be seated was about 15 minutes which was not bad considering how busy it was there. Staff was very friendly! Will definately be back again.  The taste was top notch and I felt bad for not being able to finish the last 1/5 of the dog. The wife had the maple garlic wings which she loved. The daughter had the mac and cheese that was just a bit too heavy on the cream and could have been a bit less soupy. But that aside This food is abundant. Wife and I are large people. We shared the big unit and the wings. We washed it down w a total of four beers. We both walked out very full. "There is a large selection of memorabilia and beers on tap.  Several people ordered ""The Big Unit"" Hot Dog because they announce it when being served. I must say the size of the order lives up to the name. My sandwich meat was chewy and a little cool. I would go back again and take more photos." "I love Alice Cooper so I figured this would be a cool spot for lunch.  I was a little worried that the touristyness of it would ruin the quality and that the food wouldnt be that good.  I was totally wrong!  The food was fabulous.  We shared an order of sliders and the pork green chili nachos.  But were seriously good.  The sliders come in 6 so we had two each of chicken One star knocked off for location.  Only crazy high priced metered parking everywhere.  I blame the city of Phoenix for this.   But free parking should be a constitutional right."  and auction items are available." oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw For lunch I grazed at Alice Cooperstown. I had No More Mister Nice Guy and Desperado playing over in my head. I was not brave enough to try The Big Unit hotdog but several patrons did while I was dining. The portions are generous and staff is helpful fast and friendly. My third time there. Food delicious. Atmosphere hard rock and is very energizing. Went to buy my brother a t shirt. He is a HUGE Alice fan. Have not tried the big unit or bases loaded but one of these days I will. We have been wanting to go here for a very long time but never seem to be in the area.  Finally we went.  I love the dcor.  From the waitresses made up with the iconic Alice mascara to the autographed posters and guitars there is so much to look at.  We had the spinach and cheese dip as an app.  It was served with plenty of warm chips and the dip was very good.  My wife had the Cuban.  She said it was very good although she didn't care for the bread it was served.  I had the corned beef sandwich.  I am a corned beef sandwich whore. I love a great Rueben.  The sandwich was ok.  There was an odd flavor that was hard to pinpoint.  I believe that the meat was smoked which may have been the flavor that I kept picking up.  There were also a few bites that had very tough meat in it.  Over all I would go back to try something else.  Another thing that somewhat threw me was the price of the draft beer.....$4.16 for a Coors Light draft!  That's a little....ok a lot.....steep. It's just metal enough to not scare away average people and sporty enough not to alienate artists. It's the perfect blend...plus Alice Cooper owns it  and that is just not how you take care of customers. The only reason this gets 2 stars and not 1 is because it is a cool spot with a lot of awesome rock memerabelia." We both really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere of the place however they could really improve their service. Knowing they are close to the arena and will have large crowds during concerts and such We came her before the rattlers game and celebrated my son's 11th birthday. Our server was great even gave my son a huge dessert for his birthday.  My Aunt who orders quesadillas everywhere she goes said this was the best quesadillas she's ever eaten!! Good place to come before a game.  went outside and waited over 30 minutes for over priced mixed drink.  Finally got a table and the waitress was awful.  Food was cold The food was not good. Service was decent and the place looked a little run down. I really wouldn't recommend this place. Maybe get a beer but not the food. ate here my last day in AZ and loved it the burger was very flavorful and tasty. not a chili fan really but the chili there was pretty good too. the waitresses were all beautiful and wore the eye makeup like Alice Cooper. went because of man vs food but loved it all the ambiance was similar to that of a hard rock cafe they even play alice cooper songs oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  maybe too high. The service was excellent. We were served really fast and very well. The food in general was ok. It was not extraordinary but all was good. I had the Big Unit Bases Loaded and this was the shining star of the day. The sausage itself is great quality. The toppings were ok. I'm giving four stars be aside the service was very good. We may come back Got a grey goose vodka tonic that came in a little plastic cup with a bunch of ice in it. I basically drank it in 2 gulps. If I'm buying a premium drink it should be served in a glass. Also I should get more sips out of it then two.  Then I had the beef brisket... well if that's what you wanna call it.. that was Luke warm like it was sitting out for 15 min before it got to my table.. if you wanna call that BBQ then I must of been high because that was the worst brisket I've ever seen or had.maybe the 2 sips I got off my drink got me drunk and I must of lost all conception of taste.. all in all I never come back here to eat I'd rather go to tilted kilt or copper blues.. at least they have glasses to give you with your drinks. I also was with 3 other people and they all got plastic kiddie cups with their drinks as well.. we spent $158 on shitty drinks and crappy food.. we all we're not happy with our experience here.. and will never come back  chili and cheese and I'm sure I'm leaving a few others out. Good to split with someone and worth the price."  we picked a slow time so we could get to know the place  etc. I wanted to ask the hostess about possible merch but she totally dismissed us. We still held on to hope and ordered food to once again be let down. DO NOT ORDER THE PULLED OR SIGNATURE NIGHTMARE NACHOS!!!!!! It was burnt and embarrassing to receive. I DO RECOMMEND THE FOUR PEAKS BEER ON TAP. So my final suggestion  game over and in this battle of Lenny vs food I killed it. Best moment of my life." "Great atmosphere. Friendly staff and very good food. I was a little surprised at the prices of the meals. I will visit again for sure The waitress was not attentive to our drinks.  When we finished our beers Very disappointing experience." Parking can sometimes be a little tricky." Great music and vibe as soon as you walk through the door. My wife and I went there before Suns Vs Cavs game in December and had a great time. I would definitely recommend going there for happy hour before any game. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw "Ordered ""Coops Combo"" plus the mac n' cheese bites to split with my girlfriend. It seemed like a good sampling of menu items so made sense. The mac n' cheese bites were delicious. The chicken tenders and fries were good but I wasn't a big fan of the BBQ pork sliders. The wings were average but the potato skins stole the show- they were amazing. All-in-all I would say 4* food but our waitress went MIA for quite a while when we needed drink refills so that cost them a star." We had the chicken wings and they were great. We like the hot and the way hot sauces. Cool atmosphere. Great place for a beer and American food. "Cooperstown is its usual schizophrenic self. Some menu items are good on a visit  make sure you order the ""BIg Unit"".  It is kinda expensive for a meal that one person could finish off (I could eat one by myself Very cool place! Lots to see and admire! Tvs everywhere and never a dull moment. Even the staff gets into the makeup like Cooper . Food is Alright.. just alot of finger/friend food. "It's about what you expect.  Pretty cool environment with ok food and a big beer list.  Nothing to make you go wow  but the food is better. What makes it different is that it is Alice Coopers restaurant. The servers all wear Billion dollar Baby type of make up Great atmosphere and even better food. Got the bases loaded big unit hot dog and made it into a delicious meal for 4.  don't order it. Place is cute but will not come back Me and my husband ordered the big unit - it was delicious and of course plenty of food! Worth the $25. Our friends were not so happy with their food. They said theirs was bland and not very good. I'd recommend coming here for the ambiance and the big unit - just to say u ate it. We went during the day around 4 and place was pretty empty but looks like it might be cool at night when it's packed. oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw  as lunch for 2 was over $30 and my sister didn't even have a drink.  You also have to pay $5 to park.  So Also they offer FREE concerts here during summer months and it's walking distance to Diamondbacks and Suns games. How can you beat that?!"  you are the greatest."  the really big one with all the stuff. It was pretty average. Not bad. It tasted like something you would get at a ball park just twice as big. I'm glad I got to go there  20min to order food then when it came to meeting the waiter/ waitress no names ever mentioned. Refills were a nightmare to get not just soda or water but beers all 3 times. The staff just seemed oblivious to what's been going on when serving customers"  good service and great food! When you walk in there is automatically a fun and original atmosphere. I don't recall our waitress' name but she was great. The nachos were delicious. I recommend getting it with guacamole." The make up they give the kids stains their skin for like 3-4 days!"   dirty grease on a skilled cook top.  Waste of time."  all of the games are on mute so you can't hear them. Beer wasn't cold. Its more of a rock bar instead of a good sports bar. I wouldn't recommend this place for the dbacks games." "Great vibe and great food. The big unit intrigued me for a second until I read what the stuff they put on it. I stuck with their potato skins and brownie dessert. The potato skins were great. I liked that they top them off with fresh bacon. Also  but their eats were pretty solid!" "Great bar. Great food. Down the street from Chase Field if you plan on seeing a game. Definitely when I come into town We ordered the sliders and the BBQ ribs. Both were really tasty. The restaurant was fun and full of music and sports memorabilia. A great place before a baseball game. One final note. There is a silent auction going on at all times. The memorabilia in the auction is certified and proceeds go to support charity."  awesome service.  Love the chili and live music.   Wings r fantastic. Naomii is an awesome server  had a tank top on with a flowered bra underneath.  She had pushed up her breasts so far that any minute I felt that something I didn't want to see was gonna pop out.  This is not Hooters!  There were children  which the owner happened to be there while I was. He was celebrating a birthday or something and obviously he doesn't know good food either because he's celebrating there. Just my two cents."  the Randy Johnson.  Typical barfood nothing with pizzazz. But a fun place to go before a baseball game. Moderately priced. Popplepassions would return." The make up they give the kids stains their skin for like 3-4 days!" Great photo ops we had to go there since we were in Phoenix according to my 16 yr old. Im glad we went we enjoyed the food and the staff were very nice !" We saw many orders of the ""big unit"" go by Downtown Phoenix and the other symphony venues also offer a variety of wonderful places to dine before or after the performance. The Phoenix Symphony website www.phoenixsymphony.org offers additional information  I'm on their mailing list and recently got a 48% off if you purchased tickets within 48 hours for Hocus Pocus.  I love a good deal!  One final note.  One of the musicians has an assist dog who is darn cute and had a pumpkin cape on last time.  How can you say no to that?"  best impression of Edith Bunker ever. I have no idea how a man can even hit a high note like that. If you ever have the chance to see him do this I would strongly advise you to do so. It is so fun!"  it's always nice to use this occasion to dress up my son a little so he knows we are going to some place special."  dancers and puppets. The event was family friendly and very well put together. there's not a bad seat in the house and the ushers were  VERY helpful. all in all  and the Texas Tenors so far  at this location and I have been pleased each time.  Great place to spend your Saturday night!" We promised to each other that we will come back in 15 years!!" If you are interested in having a sweet date night or simply looking to tickle your eardrums with outstanding ear vibes "Attended dress rehearsal for Maestro John Williams leading the Phoenix Symphony in advance of the concert tonight with Steven Spielberg.  It was 10 a.m. on a Saturday morning for the rehearsal and the PS staff and ushers were dressed up  you should especially bring one for your girlfriend who will inevitably get cold and take it."  now I know what the hell a Sugar Plum Fairy is too!!!"  the particular piece she was discussing was Beethoven's fifth.  And I learned something!  Real pros don't call it Beethoven's fifth. They call it ""Beethoven Five"".  Can you imagine composing something that the best talents of subsequent ages compete with each other to try to do honor to? She also discussed the ruddy earthy tambre of another piece I've had seats in both the lower and upper levels Great experience. I will definitely be back."  or after the concert. There are so many restaurants to choose from in the CityScape area." The Phoenix Symphony is a great way to sneak in a little culture and to experience one of the treasures of downtown Phoenix." "The Phoenix Symphony is full of good musicians.  I doubt they are given the time they need to really prepare the music with over 200 gigs a year.  As a musician myself I can hear it in their performances.  You can kind of tell the pieces they spend time on and the ones that are ""one and done"" in rehearsal.  I understand why There is always plenty going on at Phoenix Symphony Hall "Growing up in NY I had Lincoln Center and in AZ we have The Phoenix Symphony which is phenomenal!!!  Such an amazing group of talented musicians!  We have seen many many shows here and they are always super.  The acoustics are great  to hear yet another great concert." Attended last night at Symphony Hall and enjoyed it very much. I have heard this orchestra several times over the past 2 years and they are very good! Last night was  Bernstein with a violin soloist and the a Sibelius Symphony. Both were performed well. I did have trouble deciding who was over acting. The soloist or the concert master? Their body movements were way too much. I get it with the soloist but should not see that in the principle. We are fortunate to have such a fine orchestra here on Phoenix. "I have been to 4 shows this season now and everyone has been better than the last! I did honestly think I would be bored with the symphony but that was not the case! They have an amazing line up of unexpected entertainment. From Jason Alexander The concerts are always outstanding.  This is a great ensemble with a variety of musical offerings and conductors.  I always enjoy myself and have a great time.  No seat is a bad seat.  the symphony really are very talented individuals and the diversity of shows is amazing. Everything from classical symphony to amazing artists such as Jason Alexander. This is an excellent night out!" I will forever be a Classical music fan and thrilled to say that I'm a huge fan of the Phoenix Symphony. Cheers***"  and Vishaka enchants with her poetic description of the cheese plate." They serve Lux coffee! Definitely a good idea to have a place like this to hold you over until you can have pizza. And the art work in here has always been really good. I attached a couple of photos I snapped while I was there.  I should have snapped one of the bar Minor complaint: I wish they served pizza inside."  then chill at bar bianco..it will be about a good hour before your table will be ready but so worth the wait!" You cant go wrong here.." Maybe someday I'll make it to the real Pizzeria Bianco..." The drinks and the service with a smile will ease your hunger pangs and soothe your eager impatience.  Really friendly service that will actually make you forget for a while that you are waiting to be seated next door.  Our group was actually surprised when we were called.  Cheers!"  it is another impressive place."  and the secret drawer....  :)" Fair prices and a great atmosphere.. get there early if you want a seat inside and feel free to read the notes that people have written to each other on napkins inside the small table in the corner of the front room." A good bartender could have cajoled us to stay." JR95uaM82xBUIZ-kQ785iA Even though you may think that you need to go into Pizzeria Bianco with an empty stomach so you can have as much pizza as possible  just a beer enjoyed slowly and honestly felt like taking a little nap.  A credit to the cozy and quaint ambiance.  I would definitely bring a date or friends here even if we weren't waiting for Pizza." The servers have always been pleasant and I would definitely recommend this place!" "Well this place is a God-send for people waiting for Pizzeria Bianco.  Other than that  the dinner crowd had dispersed and Bar Bianco was not packed and service was excellent.  I will definitely be back soon." I cannot wait for the opportunity to return." "Perfect place to hang out while you wait to eat some of the best pizza around.  This spot has a nice IPA on tap and a decent wine list for my lady to choose from. Overall a night out at the Bianco spots is an evening you wont forget  yet inviting. This is the place to get cozy with your date and snuggle with a bottle of wine before your tastebuds explode next door. This joint offers yummy appetizers to munch on with your drinks Just writing about this has me checking flight times!"  the bartenders and servers are friendly and they've got a pretty good selection of wines and beers.  $8-9/glass of wine and $4-6 for beer if I remember correctly.  Chris Bianco recently brought in a chess set and time flies by with a bottle of wine and a good game of chess." PS: if anyone knows what the name of their german riesling is  except that when we gave the server cash and two cards to split the balance between "You're basically ""forced"" into this bar while waiting for Pizzeria Bianco. The prices need improvement but they aren't crazy expensive and service is kinda slow but I guess that's for the best since you have to wait so long to get in to the Pizzeria. You could spend a lot of money on * Bianco that's for sure." "Cute little bar owned by the Pizzaria next door. Good place to grab a drink while you are waiting for a seat at the restaurant. Limited drink selections but a few nice beers that I don't see around too much. I had a North Coast Pranqster Don't give this place impossible expectations ( you self proclaimed ""foodies"" are killing all the fun!)... enjoy this place." This is a good place to go with long-lost friends since you'll be waiting at least 1 hour if not more for pizza next door."  awesome rustic feeling re-purposed house  or friendly staff.  You're boozin' up waiting for the damned delicious pizza next door." Can't complain! Definitely a nice place to drink while you wait for your table next door. "Great place in Heritage Square for a relaxing glass of wine!  I have been coming here for 8 years and have always been impressed.  They have a nice selection of beer and wine and it is reasonably priced.  The old house it resides in is very nice.  I love the wordwork and the built in cabinets.  I liked it better when there were more sofas and less tables/chairs Very cool spot with great and friendly service.  you won't regret it."" The appetizers are great and I had the most fun in a long time challenging someone else at the table to a game of checkers with a board they had there and bottle caps for pieces. It took us a little bit to remember the setup and rules but we soon got into the swing and unfortunately (if it one could really say that with any meaning) before our game was over someone came over and said our table was ready next door. Bottom line  we do not recommend this establishment." "I love the feeling of bar bianco. It's a small historic house right next to Pizzeria Bianco where you can hang out and play chess or checkers (They have a couple of sets on the tables inside) and wait for your name to be called to go into the main restaurant. It's got a cozy feeling My fianc and I found a little spot at the corner of the bar.  She ordered an organic cider which came in a massive bottle.  For $7 she got two glasses worth of booze.  I'll take that deal.  I tried some organic micro brew beer some oregon (I don't recall the name)  fun staff and great selection - sometimes it feels like only tourist use it when waiting for Pizza but us few locals who frequent it feel at home!" I loved the bar! The actual restaurant next door? Not so much. Very cute rustic place. love that they have this for your wait for the most delicious pizza in US. had Cascinetta Viette Moscato Bar Bianco is a super cute and quaint place hangout.  We have had excellent service here by the bartenders and they are very knowledgeable on the wines they sell.  We tried the cheese plate once and it was delicious.  Other than that  where patrons sip on beer and wine while waiting for a table at the heavenly pizza joint. There is plenty of charm in the setting and service only builds upon that foundation. The wodden porch offers a wonderful perch to people watch or gather around with friends. Each time I have been to Pizzeria Bianco Parking is... Well pretty non-existent but the valet is awesome  if you're into that.  I guess on Fridays they have a live band playing inside." Great cappuccinos. Exceptional chocolate cake. Although flat with cream. Was perfect after dinner place. Most people are bidding times before pizza Bianca. But a perfect spot for after dinner drinks or night caps and the outside patio is perfect. The staff was personable and knowledgable.    I can't rave about this place enough." "We stopped in for Happy Hour before going next door to Pizzeria Bianco for dinner.  The specials included draft beer and a red and white wine. The historic atmosphere is really cool and gave the place a comfortable feel.  The bartender  this quaint and relaxing bar has great appetizer options as well as a great cocktail menu."  which when it comes to wine bars is not always the case. Their selection of beer and wine is always on point. I like knowing that every time I go they will have something different to try. Their appetizers are great and the system they have to get you seated next door is incredibly efficient. All you have to do is relax and have fun."  but I would probably go here even if I wasn't waiting for pizza. They have very limited food options -- I think I heard they have a small cheese board What a beautiful turn-of-the-century Bungalo!  So glad they saved it from demise!   Its a quaint place to have a glass of wine before going to have dinner at Pizzeria Bianco. "You cannot have the complete ""Bianco"" experience without having some drinks at Bar Blanco before the restauraunt. It was one of the many highlights for a magical date night with me and the wife. I had arguably one of the best draft brews I've ever had from Mother Road brewery. The historical house this bar resides in just oozes a magical nostalgic vibe that makes this a perfect spot for a group of friends or the perfect start to a date night." Anyways... I'm a fan! Two thumbs up!" "Wonderful location in Heritage Square for a relaxing glass of wine! I've been coming here for 8 years and have always been impressed. They've a good choice of beer and wine which is fairly priced. The old house it resides in is quite fine. I really like the wordwork and the built-in cupboards. I enjoyed it better when there were more couches and less tables/seats "I don't know if there is a lot of such historic buildings in Phoenix that have cute bars. Bar Bianco is one lucky to be located there. This is what makes it really special. I love their pizza and "I don't know if there is a lot of such historic buildings in Phoenix that have cute bars. Bar Bianco is one lucky to be located there. This is what makes it really special. I love their pizza and The crowd is extremely diverse. The drinks are good and cheap  there are good times to be had here.  The people watching is spectacular and everyone is super friendly... just watch out for the 70+ year old (!) tranny who looks just amazing Just really needs better parking. But that's not too much of an issue."  and the best part...a POOL TABLE!! so you can feel the burn of the smoke in your eye while shooting...i love it..."  laughing and having a good time 2 stars. Only cause the drink prices are good. This place is awesome! My favorite lesbian bar in town! "I really do keep meaning to go for free line dance lessons.  Good prices  this bar was one of the factors on moving down to this area. You will see me there alot. love the people and how nice the employees are. Both indoor and outdoor seating. I came from seattle and this bar is way better than any of the lesbian clubs on Capitol hill." $10 minimum on credit cards." All in all we always have a good time when we go.  We will keep going back but I would love to see the owner or staff rake pride in the place. Also realize only 2 out of the 300 people are dancing to that country crap.  If u don't want to give it up totally then sneak a country on in here and there but let us dance to that awesome dance music you occasionally tease us with."  they're not pretentious and there's never a wait/cover to get in.  The bartenders are chill and remember you even if it's been a long time.  I love Kat and the other bartender (name unknown to me) with the lovely silver hair who always asks ""what'll it be  the ""scene"" is so much fun. There are several clubs to go to and any night is a great time. That brings us to the Phoenix scene and The Cash.Oh wait  we probably will go back. Staff and people were friendly BIG WORD OF ADVICE!-------- Do not leave your purse in your car. On Saturdays the police are called for car break ins. My friend actually got her window busted in and her purse stoen.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"  just don't--but the occasional respectful visit is most definitely in order. You will be delighted and welcomed." The bar tenders are incredible and take care of you well! TIP EM BIG!!"  the Cheer's of Phoenix's lesbian population This has absolutely become my favorite bar in Phoenix. There are some weeks that I go multiple times. The atmosphere is so relaxed and inviting. Whether you want to dance and dip or unwind after a long day you can do either here! Will always be my number one choice!  the exterior is nothing to get excited about but not to fear  the staff is great and the people are so fun to dance with. I love how it's not all country it's a mixture of music which's great.. Everyone gets a long and we're all just some kind of family when we all get together dance with each other n share some great laughs.. Love that they have dance lessons too it was the first place where I was taught two step and line dancing. This place is awesome and the HOTTEST OF THE HOTTEST Lesbians come here... Hope it keeps going strong for many years to come."  so be careful walking out to your car late at night."  I will not stand quietly in the corner while you talk shit about Trans people. On top of it I got kicked out after just showing up because I was ""too drunk"" when really the bitch who picked an argument with me cause she wanted to say shit about another lgbt community decided to go tattle on me. You're right tho  that was the point I was trying to make and clearly no one was giving a fuck. I've been disrespected in there multiple times and I apologize that this time I spoke out about it and the person didn't like what I had to say." This place by far is the worst bar I've ever been to! They are all rude!! You can not have fun at this place because they will kick you out! If you like the smell of a urial and rude old women around you then go here. "This place is amazing. I am new to the lesbian scene and after scoping out venues found my new home. Billed as a country dance bar but do not be put off by that if you don't like country music or line dancing because it is way more than that. Phoenix's best lesbian hangout  don't know why I ever came back in here. The service is always horrible  I still enjoyed watching the ladies have fun dancing and drinking and mingling. I can't wait to go back. The outside patio was packed The bartender with the long hair is absolutely the best. The owner is very sweet. I went here last week Wednesday and it was Not poppin on Thursday . This was my first time coming here. It is very spacious and the music was great. There just was no one there. Come out and show love to them on Thursday nights. I am new in town and I was thoroughly disappointed with the lack of support from the community. I'm a straight and went to this lesbian bar and got to use a Coupon and I got a blue moon 18 oz for only 3.75. Great first time just wish there was more straight girls here so I could vibe with but overall a good lesbian bar. Jen is a great bartender & definitely recommend her! "I get that's it's a ""country"" inn but for god sake country music sucks and sucks to party to. They play hip hop every tenth or so song and the dance floor fills up. Then back to 20 country songs and watching the same three couples do the same damn spin moves around the floor. This shit would never survive in Cali and by the looks of it in a Saturday night 0VpsHbGLHDVKIKAi0ZliyQ  I've been a regular there. I'm sure if you venture there for afterhours some Friday or Saturday night you'll see yours truely tearing it up on the dance floor to some of the hottest hip-hop and reggeton around! If you do Fun place. Music is mostly good. Drinks over priced. Lot of hot latin guys. But its hard if u dont speak spanish well. N clickish. But becareful lots of cops in area.  drinks or retardedly over priced & the parking is ridiculous. The inside of the club only smells more worse then the urinal because the little tiny room they call a bathroom is 2x2! You can't pay me to come back there. I wish I had known how horrible this place was before I got suckered into going & basically throwing away my money." "Ihavent been here in a year. I used to love coming here but i realized the djs suck. Never play a request and dont know how to keep asteady beat. Its probably the only 18+ club for gay guys on the weekend next to forbidden or whatever they call it now. I havent been during bar hours cuz i just turned 21. The crowd is all latino gay guys with a couple of black and white guys. The outdoor patio is pretty big with benches tables and a huge fountain that looks like everyones been in it someway or another. The dance floor is medium sized and has a few mini stages in every corner. 5 bucks fridays and saturdays for 18+ after 2am. If u ask me hard up for cash look extra sexy so a cute Latino will buy your drinks for u duh!" This spot is pretty dope! Had fun and low drama! Cute little latin club. Only been here Sat nights and it's $5 cover past 2 AM. Good music but dance floor gets packed and not the biggest. Parking can get to be a pain on those nights too. A plus for the younger crowd is it's an 18+ club. Neat patio area in the back. Give it a try! "Very tiny bathrooms. Drinks are overpriced compared to non gay bars. I do appreciate the design  If your looking for a bottom boy this is the place.  Lots of fem Latino dudes here. Lol no seriously this place is crap I have been suckered to come here a few times for a birthday party and some other events and it's no fun the drag show is lame or the acts I have seen are the Dj is good plays some different tunes the a/c is non existent I think they use a swamp cooler. The bathroom is the size of a toilet stall and always packed that u have to piss in the alley where there is plenty of hookers at your disposal. The drinks are expensive  you can't help but hop on to the dance floor and dance the night away. Usually around 2AM the security lets the 18+ go in and the last hour starts popping but either way it's always popping. I highly recommend this night club. Everyone minds their own business and they just go to have a good time which is great. Don't like clubs that want to argue. A great patio as well to go and relax for a bit and go back in and keep on dancing."  pretty watered down and each bartender had a different price for the same drink.." Parking is a bit crowded; but you just have to park away from the club and walk. I don't mind walking though." Tonight we were DISSSS...APPOINTED!  They charged $10 because they had a Mariachi band on the patio...at a gay club...what are they thinking???   Interesting and entertaining (for a hot minute) perhaps but not a special event.  I hope this isn't going to be a trend - club was emptier and I can see why." This is a nice place if you like High energy Latin music. The staff is nice enough and the club has a nice layout. The patio is well lit and the air conditioning is only running (unlike some other AZ spots). Definitely worth a visit if you're trying to dance.  where the hell did they come from? He came in through the front door. The regulars and bartender acted like it was a normal thing for a dude to walk in off the street selling seafood in a dark Ghetto fabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!"  Eric & Jason summed this place up pretty well. I dont think I'd ever get a dance here. It was Friday about 10pm-ish we were there about an hour I did not see one attractive girl come out. In fact this was the worst line up I have ever seen...EVAR!! I wont nit pick about the girls I saw but I will not be returning either. Ladies if your feeling down about a little weight gain go here.....hell who am I kidding even i it's a lot of weight gain  but that's a small detail. Just hover and you'll be fine! I guess you could say I'm a fan of the dive bar and we were treated very well there. Is it a fancy Scottsdale strip club? Nope. It's your friendly neighborhood strip club to grab a beer Really what more do I need to say?"  and the overall grossness of this place earn it a one star. It would be negative one if it were an option. Hi LIter  while thin straps and patches of material covered her naughty bits.  A. Hooded.  Bikini.  If she were gonna take your money "I popped in one night with a date to have a drink and check the place out and was majorly underwhelmed...high drink prices ($5.00 for a coke) and the ""talent"" left a lot top be desired. Save the time and trouble and go elsewhere." good times to be had for all..."  but one never knows what a late visit this week may find..."  but they aren't accustomed to taking shit from anybody. Especially you. :)" The thing I like about BandAids is that they always have a variety. The girls range from nasty to 10's most every time I have gone there. The bathroom  could be nicer but overall the place is not too much of a dive.  and a bigger main stage. This place could be a set for a movie scene requiring a ghetto strip club.  Dont get me wrong I've never had a bad time here.  Never."  many out of shape dancers with to many stretch marks.  Blonde bartender cutest of bunch to bad she didn't dance." this place sucks worst place in town 5 stars!! Its a small club but still one of the most affordable in town. Women here are pretty hot unlike some of the other small clubs. Money well spent LOVE THIS PLACE... Diamond in the rough thats for sure.... small place but dancers aim to please. Wont be going to Jaguars anymore after going to this place! Best strip club I've been too in az. Everyone here is super friendly and want to make you feel welcome. This place has the hottest girls. Thank you for making my birthday enjoyable  but not a top quality one with politicians.  Small seating areas but worth it.  The women are great The best part was the signs in the bathroom heavily dissuading prostitution;there were MULTIPLE signs. Usually when you have multiple signs about one topicit is because that particular topic is an ongoing issue. Just saying." there is also a sister bar located in sunnyslope which is even sketchier and just as awesome." ...""TO ALL MY FRIENNNNNNNNNNDS""" Hell of a great place.  Friendly crowd of regulars." The pee smell was just too much." If you have an open mind and don't cause drama I would recommend giving the Royale a try." Looking for a place to hang?  Come see Lil at the Royale Lounge." "this place is legendary This place is an icon. Lil has been here for years. We like to have a PBR and listen to some music and just relax in this great little neighborhood bar.  but TWO Simpsons pinball games!!" Heather is a breath of Fresh Air.  Love this Dive Bar!  Great juke box! Cold Amber Bock! What can I say this place is a dive bar and they offer egg roles but I don't dare try them. If you want to have a low key night where you can let your alcoholism run wild this is the bar. Thanks for the good times Royale Lounge. Can't wait to go to Phoenix again to get all drunk up in you!"  I probably wouldn't come back here though as it really didn't seem like anything special or maybe I just don't ""get"" it."  and I am talking really dive-y...this is your place!  There aren't many more words to describe it.  You just have to go experience the magic yourself.  Play some pinball while you are there.  Do it *** @*$745ish 93^ sj `=$&38. pqools una stara." Great staff. Helped me when I got accidentally locked out late at night.   darts and an active jukebox.   Clara is an  awesome bartender." Lovely botanical gardens.  This is staple on my out-of-towner itinerary.  It is quite enjoyable to walk around and check out the bizarre native vegetation.  It it much more diverse than you would imagine.  The Sonoran desert is lusher than you might imagine. "The Desert Botanical Gardens are an oasis in the local sea of strip malls and desert.  Many and varied plant areas  along with a variety of other desert plants. I went here with my digital camera and came back with a bunch of photos worth printing. The garden is extremely well-kept and is easily accessable. Admission is cut in half for students  and you turn on the shower fountain head and get an instant whiff of true monsoon season desert rain smell...it's amazing!"  it's a nice city escape. Just wear a hat & sunscreen and try to go first thing in the morning. There are drinking fountains around every turn and plenty of shade. Try a guided tour if you have the time or are playing host to out-of-town guests. The guides are friendly and extremely knowledgeable. Even if you've lived in AZ all your life (like me) you are bound to learn something new."  and rabbits were totally fun to try to find hiding in the many different plants and burrows.  I felt like a little kid ooh-ing and ah-ing at the different varieties of cacti and desert wildflowers  my favorite aspect of the DBG is this particular tree. It's near one of the ""bridges"" on the pathway. It's barkless This place never grows old. It's a great introduction to the desert for people from out of town  vibrant colors.  This is a great place to take visiting relatives who love to garden or are just nature buffs.   It's an easy walking adventure with many cozy benches to sit and bird or nature watch.  Midway through the journey is a nice spot to enjoy a little refreshment and sample some yummy treats.  At the end of your journey is a great gift shop with books  this is one of the best places to go.  It also has a great section devoted to the native people of this area and how they used the native plants in their everyday lives." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  it reminded me of my third grade classroom where we had Monarch butterflies just flying around.  (My teacher was a little bit of a hippie)  It doesn't have to take up a whole day if you don't want it to and you can explore at your own pace.  Come spring time I'm sure that the wildflower portion is beautiful.  I'm very excited to go back for the Las Noches de las Luminarias."  but it was a fun trip in itself.  Make sure you time your visit to go on a tour: you'll learn more about cacti than you ever thought was possible." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w This place is truly an oasis in the desert!" there are brochures for the botanical gardens at many hotels.  bring one with you and receive a dollar off your entrance."  it's another cactus. I found it to be about as interesting as an episode of Murder She Wrote. I kinda knew what to expect around every little bend. More plants! And every other water fountain was out of order. The two water vending machines we saw were also OOO...(out of order!). Two major exhibits were closed and yet we were still charge three bucks to see those damn butterflies. Total confirmation that I'm a city boy. I find surly homeless people "We are so lucky! The Valley is home to the Desert Botanical Garden - one of the country's most accomplished and spectacular gardens. Sure it's a great place to give out-of-town guests a sampling of what life in the desert is like. But If your looking for a special night or event that blends natural serenity and entertainment into an exquisitely unified package then check out the special events on the Desert Botanical Garden website www.dbg.org (and yes there is booze)."  which I think is a perfect amount of time. You see everything and are ready to leave by the end.  A very nice place to take visitors on a nice day." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w * take your time to bask in the glory that is the Sonoran Desert" My husband and I are fans of the cacti and so we planned a visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens on a recent house hunting trip to AZ. The day we went it was close to 100 and so we were happy that there are so many water fountains sprinkled around the gardens. We stayed for about two hours enjoying all the beautiful displays. The gardens are set up so that one can enjoy many different environments. There a also a lot of shady spots with seating to rest and enjoy the surroundings. We will definitely be back soon!  Massachusetts back in August 2006.  A big change from the beach to move into the desert.  One of the best things about living in Phoenix is the Desert Botanical Gardens (DBG).  Learning about the plants and animals has elevated our appreciation of living in the great Sonoran Desert.  We were going there so often that we became members and now go all the time.  All of our friends and relatives who visit us in the winter time were treated to the delights of the DBG.  They left knowing what a special place our new home is to us." Whoa Nelly.. this is about the Desert Botanical Gardens.. the place is great! Super romantic and a great date place!!" "beautiful place even though we were there in the middle of the summer and temp was about 105.  we saw a turtle  there has been a bit of construction as they have been improving their garden... but I don't mind One of the true gems of the Phoenix metro area." Try going as early in the morning as you can. There's more animal activity at that time and you're more likely to see the jackrabbits  a beautiful place that holds special meaning to us. Its great to bring family "A visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens should be on everyone's list. I think I read there were 50 acres of desert plants! That's a lot of plant! I'd recommend heading there towards the end of the day so you can see the Gardens in the daylight  Chihuly will be showing his work through May 2009." I remember going where when I was a boy scout. It was very fun and interesting. I love the desert vegetation and loved seeing and learning about what is what! I haven't been lately but we are planning on it. I would recommend going and if you don't have an appreciation for the desert you will after you go here. these gardens took my by surprise and i've instantly fallen in love with it." Shot of Jack Daniels: 5++" Expect it to be crowded this year.  We attended a members only night and it seemed to be oversold as parking was hard to come by.  However  it's about the adults. I can't imagine what a child would benefit from attending.  So leave the kiddies at home."  which were a great way to enjoy the gardens and beat the heat. Docents were stationed throughout to highlight different plant and animals species and to talk about the adaptations it takes to make it in the desert. Def. a cool qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  we were told we could not get tickets for another night and could get a refund or donate our ticket money. I do appreciate the refund "I was so excited to be in Phoenix during the Chihuly exhibition. I wish I could have gone to the luminaria (4-8pm)but tickets were no longer available. The artwork was breathtaking and for someone not very familiar with desert wildlife  I opted for the hot apple cider with Jack Daniels. Helped to keep me warm on a chilly desert night. The installation pieces were all integrated seemlessly with the plants and accented them beautifully. For those unfortunate souls who did not get the chance to experience the exhibit at night during Luminarias or who were so rudely rained out Side note: the DBG would be nice for an evening wedding! Too bad I'm married already!"  but this really is gilding the lily. Go to DBG. Go and see the incredible variety of desert botany on hand. Do yourself a favor."  The restaurant good and reasonable. What a great way to spend an afternoon."  which is what makes it so fun.  You really have to go there and walk the trails and hear the jazz played at night!" I will definitely have to return some evening (s) before it closes in May and take another several hundred photos." This was my second trip to the garden and both times I got to enjoy lunch on Ullman Terrace.  Two highlights of this visit were the Chihuly exhibit and the concert given by Try Me Bicycle.  Later in the spring the annual butterfly exhibit is really great too.  Although pressed for time we managed to see and photograph almost all of the Chihuly glass exhibit.  Sometime I would like to go in early March which is normally the best time for the flowers to bloom.  There are around 2 miles of well maintained trails and lots of employees and volunteers eager to answer any questions or show you something new.  The plants and other stuff on display are well documented. Nice bit of trivia:  Did you know that pineapples and aloe vera are related to cacti?"  here is a good place to see plants you've never seen before. Don't rush. Take the time to really look at the exhibits. If you're there when the cacti are in bloom  concert.  I would highly recommend to see before the glass exhibit is gone! I can't see it being anywhere near as fantastic otherwise." "I visited the Desert Botanical Gardens on Valentine's Day to see the Chihuly blown glass exhibit. One word to describe it: incredible! The pieces are mixed throughout the desert displays which had our group constantly questioning whether any of the pieces were possibly custom made for this specific location. There were two canoe/boat structures  because I would love to be able to sign up for their Desert Landscaper School.  That would be amazing!!  The lay out and the trails are very nice.  And I can't believe that I am typing this  their hours are great if you are looking to do something in the early morning or early evening." Don't forget to bring your camera!" DBG itself = very cool.  Student ID gets you 1/2 off.  More like an art museum than a typical museum of the modern era - obviously not particularly interactive Absolutely gorgeous!  I'm putting my pictures up to share!" By all means go see it.  You might be surprised."  the gardens will always be a place I take my parents when they are in town.  But I'll look for a slower time to attend." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w They have so many different types of cacti. Check it out. Take your out of town guests here e.t.c. But remember  and I will be using the Culture Pass to go again when the weather cools off." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  out of town visitors and anyone else!  Worth the $$.  I will be back!"  so get here before the sun goes down to check them out. And the butterfly exhibit closes at 5pm. Also they are now open until 9pm." TIP: Get here early -- it gets warm in the desert! [I probably don't need to tell anyone actually from the Valley that I'll just say that if you have some spare minutes in Phoenix that are not in the heat of the noonday sun  I wish I had time to visit this at night because I hear everything is illuminated.  Bring comfortable shoes because this place is huuuuuuuge!  You'll learn a lot about our beautiful state here and it's native plants." It is a nice place to relax!! and they always have some interesting activity going on. The best so far was Chihuli and the night walks. From time to time they have plant sales and they have such a good variety of them. I'm looking forward to sign a membership! I like to buy a glass of wine and watch the sun set as I wander around and admire the statuesque and colorful flora of the desert. If you are visiting Phoenix  you won't miss the intimate atmosphere that is provided by the garden and the creatures  living in the garden. We wandered over to Desert Botanical Gardens in search of the Chihully exihibit and found a quiet peaceful garden. I have to admit because it was nearly 100 degrees outside the garden was a little more vacant but this actually proved to benefit our experience. We noticed several creatures walking around the garden and foraging for food. At one point I've been here twice and really enjoy it.  Very beautiful plants and a real nice walk.  Both of my kids also enjoy it. "This is a great place to go if you want to escape.  I loved it so much that I became a member.  I have seen the Chihuly exhibit three times and it definitely brought the gardens to a new level.  It is a great way to spend the day "I really enjoy wandering around the gardens so much so that I became a member recently and since then have been back almost on a daily basis. My love affair first began when I went to see the Chihuly exhibit at sunset this past spring. I'm kind of glad that the exhibit is gone now because you can actually walk around and look at the specimens without the large crowds. Although the Chihuly piece by the main entrance is still there "Good parking. A bit expensive for Adult entry $15.00. Not to warm in October. Nice and peaceful walking. I took a lot of pictures. Lots of Cactus. Bring your own water  though the Chihuly Exhibit is now done and gone  that I was really interested in the types of plant life that can survive here.  I never knew there were so many kinds of cactus and this place has them well marked.  It's a different kind of beauty.  My contemplative  and I must say that it made the preview all that much better. I did have a small lunch at the Patio Cafe there earlier in the day Save me a spot by the fire and I might even buy you a Steaming Hot Martini :-)"  what a great place to go!" They do rent this facility out and I think it would be wonderful for catered events Pass on this for weddings...unless it's really cheap. BTW One of the volunteers told us that there are plans to expand the Sonoran Desert area of the garden This place is absolutely incredible!" For the first time in about 8 years I found myself at the DBG with some out of town family. Wanting to enjoy the weather (since they had just escaped the cold grey winter of Detroit) the gardens were the perfect spot. The garden is equipped with wide paths and plenty of benches to help the old timers pace themselves. It helps remind us city dwellers of the beauty the desert can have and how unique Phoenix truly is." The docents are very knowledgable and really love what they do. Their enthusiasm really adds to the exerience."  Butterfly exhibit (Pretty Cool) and the Chili and Chocolate Festival (So Fun and Yummy)! Definitely a trip you'll enjoy!" I love this place: look for the specials and the different events they always have going on. It's a great spot in the Valley. "Yelp in Bloom was the second time I'd been to the DBG. The first time for an evening wedding. Both events were absolutely stunning. It's a great place to hold events apparently. I need to come by to check it out the daytime though The butterfly house was fabulous--might try going earlier in the day to avoid the crowds. Saw lots of beautiful butterflies and the staff in this room were very knowledgeable and willing to share." Great place to visit and get acquainted with the Arizona desert.  The trails are easily walkable with enough to see so even the two teenagers I was with didn't get to crisis complain mode (which is a minor victory in itself).  The luminarias are beautiful and it is equally as nice to visit during the day and night. DBG is always a treat.  It is so peaceful.  There is a bi-annual plant sale.  you can definitely get great pictures."  but this is not to be missed.  Butterflies flitting their wings and kissing all the flowers - adorable!  The Desert Botanical Garden is a must-see if you're visiting Phoenix." The gardens at night offer a different experience then the daytime there are several cactus flowers that bloom at night.  Plus as the temperature rises it's nice to have events in the evening." This place is a true delight and a great asset for Phoenix." Really good overview of the Arizona desert plants and flowers. Downside: It's in the desert and it's hot as hell. Enjoy!  but it does make for a slightly alternative nature walk and there are certainly worse ways to spend a scorching outdoor afternoon in Phoenix."  large variety of pants" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  makes the desert a better place." The DBG is a very well run establishment. The garden staff is knowledgable and courteous and the setting is really spectacular. It's a wonderful place to get away alone and they also have a robust schedule of interesting events and music. It's a treasure.  but also I think missing several opportunities to provide a greater amount of education about the plants themselves and how they are practically used or planted for landscaping purposes (and yes  and a great place to get away for a few hours by yourself. I can see myself curled up on one of the shaded benches with a book :)" Sorry to be harsh but now I really appreciate the botanical gardens in California." "Oh you have to see this if you go to Phoenix. Like entering the mind of Dr. Seuss--gorgeous  the night tour is beautiful and very educational. I saw some lizards doing pushups and a tortoise eating a prickly pear fruit."  I will definitely be at the butterfly event this spring and at the Luminarias next winter." This is a great place to go when you have visitors or when you don't have much on your agenda and want to avoid going stir-crazy. I'll admit I may have impulsively bought a discounted DBG membership on Groupon more for the IDEA of going here often Give yourself plenty of time to walk the garden's many loops. I would recommend at least four hours."  and thus the entrance fee was hard to stomach. We probably should have gone on a hike around papago instead. If you are planning on going  but not on watering day and remember to bring your student ID." This is my 2nd visit in a year (Hey locals - I am from NY and this is WORTH the visit!!)"  and Utah to find all of the species that are contained within this garden.  Add in the views of the Papago Buttes and the desert landscape blending from the garden into the very hills themselves Only been twice but loved the peacful beauty."  and I have to say they picked a good day.  One of the really cool things was the Chiuly glass at the front entrance.  I wished I had been here when his collection was here!  I believe they are trying to raise money to make the other temporary sculptures a part of their permanent collection.  I'd love to go back someday."  I've always loved desert flora and fauna because it's so radically different from what I grew up with. A few hours at the Desert Botanical Garden really indulged my fascination. Grab a sunhat "The DBG?  It's beautiful.  They have ok music and interesting events.   It's a much-needed green space in the city.  Food and drinks are overpriced.  So are tickets for music in the garden.  I spend $8 every month to see the best band ever qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w "Such a beautiful place to see the desert!  Phoenix has really sprawled since I initially moved here in the late 70s.  It's quite a drive to get out to the desert today -- but the DBG is close in I highly recommend a visit! Stay for sunset  and you can even get free admission if you use the Culture Pass (which I did) available from the Phoenix Library system." Great place to go for Sunday brunch concert series or The Friday night concert series. Very good if you like jazz in beautiful outdoor setting.  because the seating is pretty limited." "I'm new to the Phoenix area and am anxious to check out all the places that people keep recommending to me. Thanks goodness DBG was high on the list. I LOVE it there and can't wait to go back. I went on free day and it was crowded in the parking lot. I was toting a stroller and 3 month old so I was slightly concerned that it would be too crowded to enjoy.Thankfully that was not a problem at all.With all the many trails and areas to explore there were times when 10-15 min would pass without seeing anyone else. Highlights included the butterfly tent I didn't get a chance to explore everywhere as I had my two young daughters with me and we headed almost straight to the Butterfly Pavilion.  If you have young children this is a NO MISS.  It's a wonderful place to spend an hour or so.  Not knowing anything about butterflies myself And since my friend and I were there two days in a row  so we spent a good amount of time in there snapping shots of all sort of species that displayed such vivid colors that we didn't want to leave. We also enjoyed the hummingbirds as well as the cactus gardens. This is definitely a nice place to go on a relatively warm day (I probably wouldn't enjoy this as much deep into the heart of summer) and the trails are not that difficult to get through. We spent probably around 3 hours here. Bring your student IDs if you have it Its a great was to spend a morning or afternoon." Great place to visit.   Urge you to visit the Desert Botanical Garden.   Want to see desert plants in their habitat; this is the place to go.   Make the Desert Botanical Garden you next trip.       I know you will enjoy the visit.  you need to come here to experience it first hand. Its not only about dirt and cacti. There are flowers galore as well."  because I work close by.  I have a couple of spots I love to sit and commune with nature.  I can't tell you Love this place. it is so peaceful and beautiful.  Came here as part of a large business function.  We were taken on a quick tour of the trails.  I've been here previously and taken in the butterfly garden (totally worth the extra you pay).  It has rotating events and art that is changing.  I love coming here for the special events such as Chocolate and Chile fest.  Getting a drink in one of the gardens and watching the sun set is one of the most relaxing and romantic ways to spend a quiet evening.  A must see for locals and guests alike. Desert Botanical Garden is not only one of the best things to do in Phoenix  not realizing it was freeloader night.  The place was so crowded with people who really didn't know how to behave (or make their kids behave) in a cultural venue.  Voices were so loud and activity was so high that the garden inhabitants stuck to the underbrush.  I know it's a plant place  it does make it a little less practical. But it is still a great option for those occasions when you have friends in from out of town or on holiday weeks when you need a fun activity that the whole family will enjoy. I was contemplating getting a membership but they are quite expensive and you still don't even get in for free to the special events like Avant-Garden or the evening concerts so it is just not worth it."  but the paths were clearly marked and great place for some nice pictures."  I would recommend bringing a bottle of water and wearing shorts.  Also be sure to bring your camera! There are so many types of cactus and beautiful desert flowers to take pictures of that you will regret not documenting it. Also be sure to go early if it's approaching summer. While there are drinking fountains along the winding paths of the garden it still gets pretty hot in the sun. There is a butterfly house that will be opening up in September which I can't wait to see "Great place to spend 3 or 4 hours. Took a free guided tour. The guide was good but he had to keep wasting our time with corny jokes. Could have seen much more if he just stuck with the gardens. No idea that mama quail with her chicks  ranging from arranging everything to the day of the wedding. I don't really have any complaints. Main thing is that if you are walking down the trails get ready to get your dress very dirty. I wish I would have bustled it or had a carpet down."  and took many great pictures!"  could have had some more wildlife out for people to see but very cool.  Don't come here during the middle of the day it's HOT!"  so be sure to take plenty of water & sunscreen. I made the mistake of carrying a large bag with me during my visit which became a big pain in the butt very quickly The Desert Botanical Gardens takes the beauty of the harsh desert environment and turns it into an oasis filled with music "Infinite stars for this place.  It is beautiful and so peaceful.  I went to the big bug exhibit yesterday first thing in the morning.  The employees were very welcoming and greeted us everywhere we went.  The exhibits are really fun and creatively displayed.  Also  Phoenix gets very hot. Late March  with all sorts of winding trails that makes you feel like your on an adventure hunt. The staff are super friendly and helpful.  I've gone during the day and for the flashlight tour... Flashlight tours are really different and put a little adventure into finding animals in the dark  and its ties to the arts community in the valley. I have heard from ex-volunteers that all the talented people in the events department have quit or been fired in the last six months because the dimwit department heads don't want to lose their jobs. They are now breaking contracts with performers  especially if you are a tourist.  I never in my life realized just how many types of cacti there were until I went here and the educational aspects of the Desert Botanical Garden are myriad without being preachy.  Yes it is hot very cool place to check out The Luminaries are always good too" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w At $18 admission it is a good deal. Staff is super friendly and helpful. You can stay as long as you want. They also have events and movie viewing nights here. Butterfly exhibit is also on on location to walk through. Definitely recommended for a nice day out or an early evening to explore a bit of beauty." TLDR: Worth the visit if this is your thing. I enjoyed myself but I love nature and it's amazing ""live"" art pieces strewed through out the dessert canvas.  I learned a lot about the flora here in Arizona.  Expensive  just stay on the path and be careful when you back up to take a picture!  I'm still snickering about the fairy duster plant. Does this mean the plant dusts fairies or the fairies use it to dust with??  Too cute!"  the docent's are helpful and willing to answer questions even if you are not on a tour. we were in Phoenix for vacation and this was a nice stop  and they especially have great seasonal events Great if you want to spend $18 to see lots and lots and lots of cactus.  but a very nice way to kill an afternoon." Definitely a do for out of towners and locals."  put on some comfortable walking shoes and enjoy the show!" Try to get to the outdoor cafe area before crowds get there around mealtime in order to see the wildlife that lives in the hillside.  Quail Who knew the plants could be sooooo big!"  then did the main trail by lighted path. They also allowed us to observe a glass blowing class in session. I think it is the best botanical garden I've been to." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Great place to spend a lazy Sunday.  Also great place to take visiting friends and family.  then I'm guessing you would have had a lovely experience. But I encourage you to call ahead and find out what is and isn't open before you commit your time to the DBG." I just wish I had more time to explore DBG more often!" I think it is cool how it is next to the zoo (which I didn't get to visit) Didn't rate 5 stars due to the cost of admission" "Our group of 4 adults went on the morning of Mar 14.  This is a spectatular display of desert garden items.  It is extremely well laid out and has items that will appeal to many tastes.  The volunteer staff are fantastic and their love of what they offer is apparent.  The entrance fees are somewhat high but you get value.  There are many places to rest The Butterfly Exhibit was worth the trip.  but I can only imagine that the Desert Botanical Garden is a unique and worthwhile experience."  everything was in bloom for spring. The butterfly exhibit was so much fun. I am signing up as a member today . I plan to go back next weekend to visit my butterfly friends ." It was a beautiful day in a beautiful place. If you're in the area  but found ourselves taking more pictures and looking around at all of the beautiful gardens opposed to what we were originally there for lol! If you're in from out of town  stopping to listen to the interesting tid-bits as I went. I also went to the butterfly pavilion and watched the butterflies fly around eating and sunbathing  I felt like I was in a butterfly wonderland. :) great place to get inspired and have a peaceful walk." My friends got married here two weeks ago and it was a beautiful venue. They even allowed all the guests to walk through the gardens before hand. Great place for families that live out of state so they can see the wonders of the desert.  but paying almost $50 for two of us to walk around the gardens seemed steep. If I lived very close by I would definitely pay $65 for a membership and visit often because they have lots of shady areas to relax and read or have a picnic Stay away in the summer unless you want heatstroke - BRIING YOUR OWN WATER so you don't have to buy theirs!  Springtime is best If you set aside the fact that it's deathly hot in there "LOVE THIS PLACE!!! its a little over priced though which suck especially if you're a student as I am. This place is close to campus so you'd think they'd offer some kind of student discount  as there are tons of photographers running around. This could be your chance to get discovered - maybe your errant hand or part of your backpack will end up in some semi-famous hipster's Flickr!" The Desert Botanical Garden is a great way to spend the day and learn about the beauty of the desert. It is truly one of Phoenix's best offerings." The cafe has some good food options and the prices are fair. Their plant sale is also very good and my mother goes every year. I can't wait for the temperatures to cool down a bit so we can go and enjoy the gardens some more!" Note: There is a butterfly section in the garden but don't get your hopes up - we didn't see any during the summer."  all sorts of birds and adorable bunnies. The butterfly garden when it's open is wonderful. I really enjoy going for a walk here at sunset I was sad that the gift shop didn't stay open for the late tours. I am a magnet lover "Certainly is beautiful. Except the management can't manage to make it profitable (in a non-profit sense). 370  flashlight tours and especially the Luminaries every Christmas.  The combination of music and the hand-lit luminaries is stunning and a great way to celebrate the season.  Definitely worth the visit Worst part: had to back track to get to the concession stand for a ice cold beverage" A great way to spend a cool afternoon.  Unique to Phoenix with the various desert plants.  Stroll around the grounds.  Lunch is available. Well worth the visit.  I enjoyed it so much I signed up for a membership.  Will certainly visit frequently.  Definitely a must-see for Phoenix visitors. Definitely consider joining if you can.  $75 for two people and $100 if you want free rentals of the scooters every time you go...especially handy if you're recovering a debilitating injury!" DBG is one of those places in the Valley that can easily be forgotten by locals but the grounds are beautiful and the events are a perfect activity!"  5 basic kinds. I started taking pictures of all of them until I remembered: I really don't care that much about cacti." I absolutely loved visiting this place and wouldn't mind going again especially to the various events they host throughout the year...just another reason to re-visit Phoenix!!! :)"  and I certainly learned a lot. It's nice to be able to look at all the different cacti in the valley and know what they are There are water fountains all over the place serving good cold water! It takes about 2hrs to see everything so come prepared. It's a great place to spend quality time with the family during the weekend. Las Noches de las Luminarias is very popular and known world wide.  It runs from the day after Thanksgiving and ends on December 23rd.  It's a wonderful way to bring much happiness in the world and to celebrate the season of giving and goodwill to mankind." Beautiful setting and great fun if you hit the Chocolate fest. See all the art pieces and literally stop and smell the blossoms. :) One of the best attractions in the Phoenix area.  Incredible amount of cacti to see.  Great walking trails through the various areas.  Lots of fun events year round with a great sales twice a year.  Don't miss the luminaries at Christmas time! If you think it's just walking around looking at cactus A lovely evening of great food and company spent in a lovely atmosphere!"  so bring those that normally wouldn't be able to walk. This place is very accommodating!"  the event specialist was great to work with and the DBG events team accommodated my lighting needs.  Thank you DBG for making our wedding night AWESOME!"  and it was spectacular.  Everyone around us had fun too!  It was easy to spend hours just walking around the gardens and gaze at the lights.  The selection of music that the gardens had was great too.  It was easily worth the admission price  as most of the flowers aren't blooming. Probably from April - early November (if you can stand the heat) you'll have a good shot of seeing great things in all the exhibits. Put it on your to-do list and take a friend!"  skip it. $18 a person ....not really worth that many dollars.  You can go to the desert or look at your own front yard." --lMCM6K8-9NTvPlbCMXEA  but thought it was really well done and really cool stuff here. Be sure to go once during the day and once at night. People of all ages will like this." "Nice place to be.  My kids enjoy walking around occasionally.  The butterfly exhibit is fun.  They also put on a nice Halloween event for kids  I enjoyed the time spent here. So different than any other botanical garden I've been to..and I go to almost every one I encounter on vacation...this was so unusual but so beautiful . I wish they had a little more info on the plants other than names...uses etc."  and obviously some cra-a-a-zy cacti. It is pricy but don't forget to use that (unadvertised) AAA discount. Also take along water as I found some of the fountains non-functional. We spent about 90 minutes here and didn't really rush or need more time (however Beautiful...one needs to visit if you are visiting Phoenix  should we be fortunate enough to visit the Phoenix area again" Attended last weekend for the Cactus and Corks event. I'm from Ohio and live in CO so this was an awesome place to check out the deserts terrain. I recommend keeping an eye for for local events and bringing any out of town guests to this garden. Beautiful. Well worth my afternoon "I have visited this locale on a few occasions now and I must say there is nothing like it in all the Valley and perhaps the state itself. They host tons of events throughout the year and the YELP party that was held here in 2010 was EPIC. I highly recommend going at night....but watch for the critters.....LOL...both animal and human....LOL. There doesn't have to be an event there to go visit though....if you just want some peace and quiet....enjoy a beautiful sunrise or sunset.....or just take a romantic stroll with that special someone.....then this is your place. Eat "I went to to Gertrude's for lunch and had high hopes for this restaurant since it is in such a great location and new. I had the beet salad with chicken and was sorely disappointed by the wilted salty greens with salty pickled beets. It cost $14 since I added chicken and that was so sparse on the plate. My two colleagues had mahi mahi tacos and there was hardly any fish in the dish yet tons of onions Nice place to visit in spring time frame.  The prices are affordable and the views are breathtaking. qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  we loved the chocolate souffl - mmm good all the way through. Go eat there as soon as you can." The highlight of the trip was when we saw a prairie dog on our way out of the garden."  entry pricing is comparable to other horticultural sites around the country.  It certainly goes to the good cause of preserving and protecting regional flora."  possibly landing on you too. They have butterfly patrollers on duty with soft rainbow dusters to make sure you don't leave with a butterfly souvenir." GORGEOUS.  You must see this garden!  It was a beautiful and educational walk.  We thoroughly enjoyed it.  so it's a great opportunity to take the kids when they get of of school." I took plenty of pictures and as I took in what Phoenix had to offer gained a better appreication for the cactus!" The path and information at each stop was stunning and there was even some interactive activities along the way for my daughter to enjoy. I cannot wait to get back to Arizona and take the family again!" Writing and photos don't do it justice  I think it's a pretty cool place to walk around and enjoy the outdoors on a nice day. I really like the butterfly exhibit when that's going on - usually in the spring. I have yet to go to a night time exhibit "Absolutely beautiful! It was way more than I expected! I had taken my Grandmother & Mother there for an early Mother's Day celebration and was pleasantly surprised that the butterfly exhibit was still going on. The staff was very nice  and see if they are open before you go.  We were unable to get there our first try because of a marathon." This is a nice place to come and see the monarch butterfly exhibit and learn about the various types of desert plants and how they survive and acclimate to the desert. Also did insect inspection camp which was fun for the kids. Great teacher to student ratio for the camp. Hands down: our family's favorite place to unwind in the city! I will renew my membership year after year after year....and  but this place changed my mind. It was so nice there that I feel like I can actually appreciate desert plants now...I didn't say love...I said appreciate. And there were some little animals there too. Worth the price if you go when it's under 110 degrees outside for sure. And my hotel had a coupon too."  and it always seems to look different each time. I like the variety of exhibits that they have to offer  go to DBG if you want to get a real taste of Arizona. If you want to try something different  but you can see through them. We also got to see a lot of wild life that was running around since it was just me and my wife. It was really cool to see it when no one was around. I am sure we wouldn't have seen as much interaction between plants and animals if we would have gone when it was busy. We also got lucky to see 2 infant Great Horned Owls while we were there. My wife got some good photos of them. All in all it was a good place and good time. The only downside that I can see to this place is the entry fee. It is a little too expensive. I think $18 per adult is a little high and would love to see it come down a little. Of course it has to be maintained so I understand to a point the cost. Not sure if we will ever come back here I was impressed with the Butterfly Pavilion when we visited on 4/9/13.....plenty of species to get up close and personal with! My nephew also got a kick out of the flashlight tour that we enjoyed in May of this year.......get there to get out of the city!" First tine visit for the flashlight tour. We will come back for a day trip too. The on site bar and restaurant look real cool and the entire property is clean and a good vibe. The trip was a great way to be active but also relax and have a good time." The grounds are impeccable!"  this is a worthy addition to your sight seeing adventures. Enjoy and wear lots of sun screen protection!! Dress accordingly!"  you will likely be bored senseless after about 10 minutes." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w One of the most beautiful settings in Arizona. A must for locals and tourists alike. qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Last night put us into the holiday spirit. It is a definite must see.  For some reason last night there was a special on admission. 50% off  and their dedication to showing off the beauty of the desert is enough to make any Phoenician proud. If you are a photographer  this is a fairly impressive botanical garden and should be a stop if you are in the Phoenix area.  I'm a fan." I can't wait to go again!" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w I felt privileged to go when Chihuly glass displayed (till May 2014)." I must admit that $30 per ticket (though it's less if you're a park member) seemed a bit steep Bummer as it is sold out through Dec 28. And family from France will be gone." "My favorite place in the Arizona. So gorgeous. The people who work here are also very friendly The Chihuly exhibit in general was beautiful. There's nothing quite like his art and it looks incredible amongst the cacti. I would like to come back at night to see everything all lit up. I'm sure that looks even more amazing.  It's definitely worth a visit!" I can't wait to go back and see all the flora and fauna in the daylight! You simply must go!" Beautiful by day and night.  Luminaries and Chihuly are a must see!!  Makes for a very nice evening! Love this place! Went last night for the luminaries and it was amazing with the Chihuly exhibit going on. I will definitely be coming back to visit during the other seasons to see the amazing plant life." A visit here makes for a nice day of walking around in nature - and the mountain views were certainly pretty. I just didn't feel that it was worth $22. Oh  but the sculptures lit and set amongst the cactus - gorgeous. The exhibit kept giving and giving around every corner! Took a solid 2 hours to see everything from 6-8pm. The crowd was nice and thin by this time. Highly recommend." 20% discount with AAA card :) "Had the opportunity to experience both the Chihuly event with Las Noches De Luminarias at night. So incredible!! I love coming here to the DBG but to experience these two unique events was truly magnificent!! Picture walking through the gardens at dusk  but would really like to go again during the day to be able to read the plaques with plant descriptions more easily. It was a great date night and I'm sure I'll make it another date ""day"" sooner rather than later. :)"  the garden grounds magnificent! Hard to fully explain the impact it has. Especially loved the Saint Earth sculpture! Go   most well curated gardens in this hemisphere. The Chihuly art is a perfect match and anyone who likes glassworks can't afford to pass up the chance to see these installations. I was traveling on business and wish my wife and kids could have experienced the gardens. They'll have to settle for pictures till next time." You can buy a ticket online before you go. If you're thirsty there is free water in front of Gertrude's (next to the shop)" "All I could remember was ... heat.  We went on a mid 70 day and it was still exhausting to walk in the heat.  There are a few really tall cactus' that are cool but honestly..... I wouldn't go back nor would I bring anyone visiting.  I can't seem to find entertainment in plants ! Don't take my opinion on it and go at least once.  The glassblowing exhibit made it a bit more enjoyable.  We stopped by this food area that had really good garlic fries... being foodies we even tried to food.  There were a lot of quails .. we spotted a cardinal which was pretty cool.  Other than that.. a few tips buy online to skip the line  though  the garden was the most crowded I've ever experienced when we went even though they sell a limited number of tickets for specific time slots. The local libraries offer ""culture passes"" where you can get free admission to the garden  just go! Students get in for $12 (pretty steep discount). I went on a Saturday on valentines day weekend and it was very packed. I foolishly didn't make a reservation so I couldn't get in at 5:00 pm but I ended up coming back at 7:00 pm and got in without trouble. If you've never been before  and at night - the way the glass is lit up at night is gorgeous. Get tickets in advance online to skip the lines (the Chihuly exhibit is there through May) and dress for the weather."  it looked like they were hosting an event that day and had done a wedding the day before. What a beautiful venue for events!" I wasn't very impressed with either the Chihuly gift shop or the main gift shop but I didn't let that affect my overall rating."  which I attended last weekend.  What could be better than wine tasting followed by wandering around amidst a bunch of cacti?  ;)  One of the best trips I had there was in April one year because so many of the cacti were in bloom.  Prior to that  Marianne and all the staff and crew at the Desert Botanical Garden!"  but overall for far less money you can get out and experience some of the great trails all around our state. Take the time and see it for real instead of in a plant-zoo." "It was fun to see all the different types of cacti! It got a little repetitive after a while though. The Chihuly exhibit being there is really what pushed it to 4 stars for me.  I would probably go back "Another perk for going to AZ for Spring Training is this place and the Chihuly Exhibit which I think runs through May 2014. A ballgame in the day then the exhibit at night from 4-8pm (there's also a daytime slot but not sure if that would be as good as evening slot). DO NOT MISS THIS if you are in Phoenix for anything! Watch the sunset and stare in amazement at the art glass sculptures created by Chihuly to blend in with the cacti "Wow. What an amazing collection of cacti! This definitely beats out the impressive  I was bummed that the cafe was closed. It's definitely a great walk this great scenery! Lovely for photos!" Keep hydrated in the summer!"  keep in mind that it is very HOT.  The first time I came here was in the summer and I was too miserable to enjoy it."  which by the way is spectacular. The path's are dirt and therefore your shoes and even socks get covered in dust. Beer and wine is sold in different areas of the paths. Take your camera and maybe a note pad and pen. You may want to record the species of plants to place in your yard. I think it's more for adults  apply sunscreen liberally. I would say the garden takes about 2.5 hours to comfortably explore."  but after looking at the other reviews and the over 700 photos! I think this place is very very well documented and photographed and well it is all true. Stop here Take a look at what I wrote about the DBG in my full review in my blog: http://lagamio.com/2014/03/02/desert-botanical-garden/"  which was surprising to me.  There is a coupon for $2 and another deal for 20 % off with AAA.  I did not try to combine them.  My kids went off by themselves and came back with their face painted  with docents on hand to explain and instruct about anything you might want to know. We visited while the Chihuly exhibit was up and were amazed to see how he integrated his works into the landscape to stunning effects. Lunch at Gertrude's "Was just here for Agave on the Rocks and it was very well done. Great food and several incredible bands. And the Fire Dancer was unbelievable!!!! And with Chuhuly Glad in the background  but only $90 for two people for an annual pass (plus you get two free guest passes - that's $44 right there). My boyfriend and I often stop in just for a walk before or after we go out for dinner."  but it was so great to see a new plant life in abundance. This is a beautiful environment and worth as much time as you can give it. The gift shop is standard and the restaurant 'Gertrude's' was very good and very busy. Need reservations for that."  but if not the DSB is still a pretty great place to come and see if you're in Phoenix and looking for something cool to do." So worth visiting however..."  etc.  The garden is a fantastic setting for after hours events."  etc.  The Chihuly glass sculptures situated throughout the gardens were a very nice added touch.  These are pretty darn impressive and the gardens themselves are It is a nice place to walk and wander around looking at the plants This is a gem in the desert.  It has been here in the Valley as lo g as I remember and was a favorite field trip.  Now we love to go as adults and enjoy the holiday luminarias and the artwork.  Became a member too. Had a great time seeing the chihuly sculptures. A little expensive but with seeing at least once! "An amazing and unique botanical garden. There are a lot of botanical gardens in the us but none quite like this which showcases how beautiful  but -wow- were the gift shop prices steep... Would've been nice if the paths were slightly more lot up because it was really hard to see where to walk even though people were everywhere." I have been here several times and have always been impressed!  Yesterday we stopped by to see the Chihuly exhibit and we were blown away as always.  The desert was still somewhat in bloom and interspersed with the Chihuly glass is such a treat.  I highly recommend a visit and check out Groupon to save some $ too.  We paid $12/person instead of $22/person...yippee! They have a great variety of desert and arid plants.  Most Botanical Gardens I've gone to have a much different climate with plants that are used to water and it was very interesting to see the difference of the desert plants.  For me The Desert Botanical Garden is a very special treasure and I am so glad I checked it out.  I am sure you will too. :)"  I feel as though if it weren't for the chiluly and butterfly exhibit the place would seem rather d"  especially with the Chihuly exhibit installations. I love this place & go at least twice a year!" You can walk all the trails in under an hour and the Chihuly glass artwork scattered throughout the gardens added a nice touch." The botanical garden is definitely one of the treasures of the city.   What a great place for a relaxing and interesting walk that really showcases the Sonoran desert beauty.   It does desperately needs a good Cafe and properly done would be a great location for a day and evening restaurant that equally showcases the modern West .  to the exhibit. I loved how the glassworks were integrated into the garden. They did a beautiful job putting it all together What a truly spectacular and magical place! We went to the Chihuly After Dark exhibit and was amazed at both the gorgeous plant life integrated with the artists glassworks! This is a must viewing!!! Gertrude's restaurant was excellent and they serve wine and other beverages to enjoy while you are strolling the grounds!!! "We came here with a group of 10 ppl just to see the Chihuly Exhibit. It was beautiful and we absolutely loved the park. The front gate person said we could come back in the evening to see the glass art lit up in the dark as long as we kept our bracelets on. And we did come back! We walked the park in the daylight in about 2hrs It is $20-$22 per person to get into this exhibit.  You won't see anything here that you can't see for free on a hike on any path around Arizona.  They did have the Chihuly sculptures up and they were beautiful.  But we went during the day and didn't get to see them lit up.  Every stand was out of water and the vending machines only took credit cards.  The waters were $1.50 for a 20oz.  The gift shop was completely over-priced.  A puzzle was $25. We were leaving and people were fighting over parking spaces.  Don't think we would ever go back. "This is quite an enjoyable place to go especially when company is visiting from out of town. The area is really big so there are a lot of different desert plants to see & it takes a sufficient amount of time to walk around. They have a group guided tour for free if you're interested in that. We have been through twice now - once during the day time & also once when they had the Chihully exhibit during the night time. Both times were a pleasant experience although if you're going to the exhibit  it is that parking is a mess and disorganized and the event may be oversold.   We went SAT evening and it looked like others had the same idea to go to this exhibit.  I'd recommend you go early and be prepared to hunt for parking." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w What a wonderful place to visit. Especially at night during the holidays. This past holiday season the Chihuly exhibit was magical. Treat yourself and go. I also encourage you to provide visit scholarships or subsidys for some of our area's least wealthy young people.  They may be inspired to learn plants and lift Arizona science We had a great time and I only regret not being able to stay longer.  I understand that a Fairy World exhibit is coming up next at The Desert Botanical Gardens.  Perhaps a membership is in our future...?" Beautiful!! Leisure walk around gorgeous areas. Bring a water bottle. Lots of restrooms about. Lots of shade and resting areas. Beautifully decorated as well! Gorgeous parabolas and fountains and lots of park helpers everywhere! The gift shop is adorable too.   actually a lot of shade out on the trail.  Would go again to see other exhibits" A friend of mine also got married here more than a decade ago and the wedding was beautiful.  Very romantic.  I wish it was closer to where I live  I believe the Chihuly exhibit has ended but don't let that stop you from checking out this beautiful gem.  Would definitely drop by the gardens if I'm ever in the Phoenix area again.  I loved it!  Don't forget to bring your hat "We've been to the DBG two or three times now for various events.  It's a great place to take the family and friends.  They have many events throughout the year Did I mention they have nighttime flashlight tours? I haven't done one but it sounds like fun. The only way they could improve this place is to make it free."  but its definitely a must do if you are anywhere near Phoenix. Also the plant sale that they have is twice a year too I think  I still found the enjoyment and peace of the desert tours early morning or late evening to beat the heat. Will always love this Arizona Gem. A great place to take out of towners when they visit. Remember... Our backyard cacti and wildlife is alien to these friends & family... DBG fascinates even the most boring uncle that never wants to do anything.... :)"  and great exhibits throughout the year for the locals!"  I never saw another person while tracking through. The plants and information are just gorgeous!!! And having the sunset in the background was beautiful. I'd highly recommend this place. I was also very impressed with all the wildlife I saw. But because I went late The gardens themselves are also great. We bought an annual membership and have used it many times. Every visitor we have had to AZ comes with us and loves it too."  the on-site restaurant is a local favorite and has some really delicious options. The bar looked huge so it would make a fun night spot as well."  but that just adds to the natural beauty this place has. I love the many different areas there are and the interesting historical charms there are hidden throughout. I absolutely love Dave Chihuly's pieces through the garden also. I see myself spending a lot of time here in the future." qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w  its really beautiful I didn't think it it would be so amazing just being desert. if you walk slowly you can catch a lot of different animals. we can't wait to go again."  very cozy area to stay away from the heat. I was very upset that they don't mention at the entrance that the butterflies pavilion is closed All-in-all this was a really good experience and I'm glad we went. I'd probably go back if I were ever there in Winter  it's $22 to enter. I don't have a problem paying entrance fees but thus is far too high to see an attraction. Botanical gardens in other cities range from $5-10. I hope that by posting this Beautiful grounds. Breathtaking is not an exaggeration. Sorta expensive for the scope/scale of the place. But any plant lover will be in heaven.  I like how they mix it up with sculptural elements as well. I learned a ton here and even got some landscaping ideas for my own yard. No reason not to go here if you are any sort of plant lover.  desert flowers.  Disappointed that many exhibits were closed.  Maybe it was a seasonal thing. Wish they had some kind of tour. I think we would have gotten more out of it.  They seem to be doing a lot of work on the place I recommend spending time here at night to see all of the pieces are lightening up. I'm sure that will surely love it more. The kids enjoyed it much!"  which I visited. There were plently of butterflies to see and take pictures of. Overall Thanks for the hay ride to pick up the pumpkins we couldn't keep." "Beautiful desert gardens.  Come at sunset and you'll be delighted.  I've been here 2x and I'll be back.  Kids have fun I love the botanical garden. There was a time (when I had a zoo membership) when I would take my oldest son several times a month. It always has such pretty blooms and a fun butterfly pavilion. They even have free days on Tuesday!  and the Cactus and Succulent Gallery.  We did see the last one after the wedding party had moved on.  There were signs at the entry pointing wedding guests where they should go.  Providing information for the paying customers regarding the timing the sections would be closed so we could planned our time differently and not missed so much of the gardens." Absolutely stunning a great place to go for a good feel of Arizone. We were there for the Chili + Chocalate fair. Lots of walking so go prepared. My complaint is that the price is quite high for a park where you can really get through everything in an hour or two." "Highly recommended if you are a visitor to Phoenix for the first time. A large variety of cacti- and some of those saguaros have to be 40+ feet tall! Keep in mind this is the desert  and I couldn't have been more pleased. Jessica at the admissions booth was lovely and extremely helpful  to accommodate my schedule. I have attended several events there and they have always been well planned and organized. I recommend them highly to anyone visiting Phoenix." Great place for families!"  probably more than I needed to learn - but it was a fun educational opportunity for sure." Thumbs up and worth a visit!" "Re: las noches de las luminarias. Great place to take a date. Every year they change things up to keep it fresh.  Good bands "WOW!  If you ever wanted to see cactus of all shapes and kinds "Such a great place to see the desert plant life up close. We saw lots of birds and small mammals too  especially with such a huge difference between adult and student. To be honest Best and largest collection of desert plants I have seen. A must-go place in Phoenix. They have ""dog day in the gardens"" in January and then some wine tasting events in February that sound awesome...wish our trip to Phoenix would've coincided with one of these fun days."  there are a few flowers and some wildlife." "Such a beautiful place that showcases so much of the Southwest's natural beauty. Flowers  I think it's a great stop if you're visiting Phoenix." "This is a ""must see"" for those new to the desert.  They have a world renowned collection of desert plants & rare cacti all set in a stunning location.  See natural landscaping as well as what can be done with succulents in a planned landscape.  Excellent!"  saguaros and yucca trees. The beautifully landscaped grounds are well planned. Bring yr hat and wear sunblock as you are in the desert and there is not much coverage.  Some special exhibits at different times of the year so check their calendar. We were there during a chocolate and chili outdoor festival. Yum!  Well worth the admission fee. Plan to stay here for at least a couple of hours such a beautiful array of desert gardens!  art exhibits and plenty of others. I'd suggest a combo if you aren't there in the flowering season. Looked fun!"  the Desert Botanical Gardens in Phoenix will awe you into enjoyment! Nature lovers will love the way the gardens are both laid out and naturally set. The incredible access in its layout allow both convenience and access to every section If you're looking for a nice day to catch a glimpse of beautiful nature life or have a special event to host this is the place to be. I have attended many events at this location which have been catered by some of the best companies. Along with the life of the nature make a perfect combo to a wonderful evening." If you can hit up a night activity there Total jerks. They should  let people know before selling tickets to them." "Love the reciprocal membership! Used my LA Arboretum membership to get in without any problems. Very friendly staff. Nice shady areas to rest in the desert heat. Also lots of cafe seating  several sections of the facility were closed for weddings.  We complained to the management Bring a bottle of water and be prepared to refill it...AZ sun is hot."  reading about the desert plant life and soaking up the hot Phoenix sun. I also visited the Patio Cafe and Gertrude's at the beginning and end of my tour and was impressed by the delicious food and drinks. $22 is a steep price for entrance to a garden but this one did not disappoint. If I lived in Arizona I would gladly join one of the volunteer programs to support this beautiful reserve. Not to be missed "This is in Papago Park near the airport. This is what a Billionaire's desert garden would look like after sixty years of care. Easy "Not much I can say about this place except that there are a lot of cacti. I didn't think it was very diverse in regards to plant life there... again just a lot of cacti and dirt. There wasn't a lot of great views either  but it was a temporary exhibit. There are only a few near the ticket booth. If you have AAA "Enjoyed our lunch and walk around the Desert Botanical Garden. I was disappointed the Butterfly exhibit was an additional fee "I went here on a Sunday (alone) to have some fun with my camera and finally see the garden in person. I only saw part of it but I was amazed by the beauty and diversity I found here. I went back the following Friday to experience this with a special lady. It is the perfect place for a date! It is the perfect place to take the kids and even guests from out of town. If you appreciate the beauty of nature  but get there early. We arrived shortly after opening to beat the heat and the crowds. We spent about two and a half hours throughout the gardens. As we left "Absolutely beautiful. We actually were lucky enough that we went on a partly cloudy day and it was absolutely gorgeous. The chihuly sculptures are so intricate that just seeing photos of them does not do them justice. There was a lot of walking involved  we went Saturday. There were many people but it wasn't uncomfortably crowded. Volunteers were in all the display areas with smiles and information. Many plants were blooming and we enjoyed watching various butterflies and hummingbirds. We even saw several varieties of lizards. I loved the herb garden Well worth the cost of membership if you go more than twice a year Bit of Advice: Go early in the day. Make it a day. Have lunch at the Garden. Afternoons in late April are beginning to get toasty Great place to visit and look at teh various plants.  Lots of different birds too. "This place has an excellent variety of plants and cacti and the folks here are very knowledgeable and friendly.  I'd say April is the month to go  is that trails can be kind of confusing and you can double around a bit. And you are walking in the sun for a coupe of hours I got lucky and scored free tickets from the phoenix public library!" qMkIbQFrROSnPaQ7at85-w Overall this is a very nice garden. Go see it if you are in the Phoenix area and if the weather isn't too hot. Wear sunscreen and a hat. Drink water. There are many water fountains throughout the park but bring a water bottle. This is a nice place to see desert plants. It is a beautifully maintained garden. When I visited there were many plants blooming "This is a really amazing place to learn about the desert environment's flora.  I never knew that such variety existed out in the hot and dry environment of the desert.  They also educate you on how the native people lived and some of the plants they subsisted on.  They have five trails  and other decorative items. There is a restaurant adjacent to the gift shop that I hear is very good!" I recommend coming here in the morning before it gets too hot. Be prepared for lots of walking; the garden is much larger than it appears  but I learned almost nothing. I did enjoy learning about hummingbirds and butterflies Since that doesn't happen in Northern California."  it was a beautiful day out and I had great company!" 4 stars it is. A good random date spot for you dudes who are smart So much to see and no words can describe how beautiful this place is. I picked up some ideas for my house as well as added new plants to my I want list."  and as a kid every summer i used to volunteer at the kids center (not sure if everything is still the same) but i always had a blast! The whole garden was very large  this is a desert."" We had a good laugh once I gently set the expectations to a more realistic level. Still had a great time. Go here if you're running out of things to see or they have some kind of art exhibit going on." Stunning location and very nice layout.  Wish the tickets were a little less than they are but if it keeps the place going I might go a bit less but..... "This was pretty nice. The exhibits are really nicely displayed and there's a lot more to the desert landscape than I had previously thought. The education component is definitely nice. It's also fun to go at dusk and use flashlights to navigate through the gardens. I was disappointed that many of the exhibits were closed for construction and/or remodeling I will make it a point to come back here during future trips.  What a fantastic place this is!  I loved it!!" Disappointed a few exhibits and trails were closed didn't get to see any type of wildflowers just Joshua trees and cactus .. Bad timing 8/17/15 ... $40.00 is a bit pricy if you ask me I felt like it was a tourist trap.. The admission is ~$20 but you get what you pay for and this place is a gem and is completely funded without any government money. Parking is free. The restaurant and it's menu looked nice and I would love to have sit down but I didn't have enough time."  keep telling me what a glorious new outfit the desert has found in its new Botanical Garden. And I'll go for a hike." This experience is perfect for any age. I would come back with my parents and even grandparents since the trail is pretty easy to go through. There are volunteers who have set up a table and wear string lights around their neck so you can quickly locate them A super great 'oasis' minutes from downtown Phoenix with loads of annotated flora of the desert. Lots of sunshine and beautiful walking trails with a wonderful restaurant and gift shop. Just make sure you bring a hat and sun block while enjoying the trails. Can spend as little as 30min here and as much an 1 hour. Make sure to take a break from the heat at some point. Stay hydrated and bring a water bottle." "Im from Washington DC and by the US Capital we have a FREE beautiful botanical garden. I paid $20 to walk around in the heat to see cactus that I had already seen on my way to Sedona. I was not impressed with this place and even though I was rushing it so I could catch my flight Botanical gardens is a beautiful place to enjoy nature of the desert. We had a drink at the built in restaurant - I think it's called Gertrude's and it was a nice break to a hectic week Beautiful gardens and lots of education. The staff was friendly and knowledgable. As a native to Washington state I'm fascinated by the different vegetation for the region and in awe at the beauty. I'd go again the next time I'm in the area. "I second the other reviewer that doesn't ""get"" this park. I went here once almost 8 years ago when I first moved to Phoenix and I remember being completely underwhelmed. Today I was like OK maybe I should give this park another chance since the reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor and pretty much everywhere online make it sound like it's best garden on earth so I thought to myself I must've missed something in my first visit. Nope "Saw this place on Yelp and decided to check it out while I was in town. I've never seen a botanical garden based on cacti but this place is very impressive. Very well kept and the docents are very friendly. They have a sit down restaurant at the front and a casual deli Cafe towards the back. The admission fee is $22 for general which is kinda steep especially since I didn't stay very long since it was so freaking hot. However   go take a trip to one of the places that one of these guys gave for thier 1-2 star review and enjoy seeing less than half of the plants you'll see on the outside. P.s. if you are expecting to see tulips or daisies We just moved to Arizona and we went to the Desert Botanical Gardens last week. It was beautiful and we learned so much. I can't wait to go back and see how the gardens change each season! Beautiful! Never having been to a desert before I was a great experience to see the beautiful desert gardens. Adults get in at $22. Parking is free" My first time here and already planing on coming back we were here for my 2 daughters event on day of the death it's a nice celebration my kids were dancing food was good music good and the wheater couldn't it be better for an outdoor event we are coming back closer to Christmas. Pretty cool place to check out if your into gardens and horticulture. Great exhibition of desert plant life. Come by and check it out if your nearby.  although for $22 per person just to walk around in the garden is pretty steep (hence the 4 stars) the small little exhibits and info of the plants were very interesting and seeing the wildlife like butterflies and hummingbirds only inches from you is great as well !" This is my perhaps 4th visit and a must visit every time I'm in Arizona."   came here for the chili and chocolate event and it did not disappoint. They had both an indoor and outdoor section.  There was also a stage for cultural shows as well.  I'd come back here again."  but you would not have known until you got to the parking lot - it is that quiet.  The security staff were very cordial and helpful too.  When an elderly member of our party left their cane in the go-cart rental office My boyfriend and I went because we got free tickets from the library. I expected to see some pretty flowers but all I saw was plants and trees. They are okay but I prefer flowers. I wouldn't pay any money to go back. First time was enough for me.  a wedding reception in the outdoor pavilion.  You really cant ask for a better venue. Surrounded be acres of desert foliage  but the entire grounds were then covered in lights and the paths were lined with luminaries.  There were a variety of genres of live music playing all around the gardens and plenty of warm and cold beverages to enjoy while walking along and enjoying the beautiful lights display.  We had our 11 year old with us and while this event was great for young and old I think this is worth seeing but I would be hard pressed to spend for an annual pass."  people were trying to purchase tix and could not get any!  The event was lovely and not too crowded but plenty of people.  We went around 6:30p and stayed for over two hours.  The employees also had some telescopes out and we could view the stars.  The light exhibits were pretty and easy to tour." I 5/5 highly recommend the Desert Botanical Garden!"  the evening was packed with festive fun. They make a MEAN hot chocolate as well. It tasted like Irish Cream! It is a great evening for all ages and a must see in the Valley. I can't wait to go back next year! Thank you to the wonderful staff for being so helpful and navigating us through the gardens!"  I wasn't sure what to expect when coming to this event and I was pleasantly surprised. I highly recommend it to anyone for any music fan or someone looking for something to do during the holidays...." What a great way to spend a few hours. They do a great job and the mountains behind it are awesome. They do give a aaa discount too.  & on desert communities. The walkways are clearly marked. Signage is good. There is food available. Note that it is very hard to get tickets for the holiday lights special timings during Christmas time  dinner at Gertrude  on site.Continued to see fiber optic lights on the desert mountain side at night fall beautiful."  for example) to explain what people in the desert used to use for food. Beauty was everywhere I looked and there were nice maps and explanations of plants."  its nice place to take a walk before going out for dinner and drinks if you are in the area." If you're looking for a new place to take your hot date (or your hot grandma) We went in the last week of December when they had the Las Noches de las Luminarias and Bruce Munro Sonoran Light event. It was an excellent experience. We hope to be back next year! 9. Have a good time !"  think about using that day's fee towards purchasing a membership on the way out.  You'll also get a free entrance to a few hundred other gardens through their reciprocal admissions program."  6 and 8 love exploring around.  I have enjoyed coming at different times during the year and seeing how the plants change.  The volunteers are so helpful!  We have really learned a lot!" The exhibit was kind of cool to see but was redundant after about 30 minutes. Fiber optics lit up the mountain side which was just breath taking  tranquil place to go for a stroll amongst our desert habitat. Special exhibits and events such as Chihuly and Las Noches de Las Luminarias are always done very tastefully to further compliment the garden. Getting an annual membership is well worth the investment as paying admission for each visit can get costly depending on how often one visits the garden. Staff is also knowledgable and friendly."  and relaxation areas while you walk around. You can learn a lot from all of the plaques or just wander around and enjoy nature. My family was there for about 3 hours. Kind of expensive admission fee but active duty military get in for free!"  the gardens regularly offers up art installations in a bid to get folks back.  It works - beautifully.  We saw the Chihuly exhibit years ago and we were back this time for the Bruce Munro exhibition.  Absolutely stunning - it runs through May - don't miss it." Dog's Day in the Gardens was such a great day for my pooch and me. Volunteers were plentiful to help with directions and answer questions. Filled water bowls were scattered throughout the gardens.  I loved the yoga class with my dog. The yogi showed us how to massage and bond with our pets in a unique way. The weather was perfect for strolling the trails. Live music was provided on the restaurant patios. I did not encounter one misbehavior from either a dog or person. It was a lovely morning. What a beautiful place!! A little pricey .. But I understand why. There was several places to go off the main trail so many things to do .. There is so much beauty to the desert. Echo chambers are really fun also.. The whole experience was just awesome. Got a great deal on a membership and I really enjoy walking around the garden. We attended Dog Day in the Garden and it was a blast. Will definitely visit again. It's a must do for family wanting to get that Arizona experience."  was amazing. Had lunch at Gertrude's - it was great service and the food was outstanding. We went back tonight to see the light show "I am sure there are virtually no negative reviews of the garden. It is a great place to spend a few hours. It will both delight the visual senses and add a few things to your knowledge base. The staff can answer almost any question you may have and will also add some very interesting facts about the many Excellent day trip for locals and visitors to our state.  perfect to give to friends and family. I saw tiny magnetic potted succulents (heart shaped!!) and tiny tiny cacti" Call ahead to ask how much of their areas are closed" "Hidden gem of the valley in my book. Great date spot. As much as I hate the desert Came here over the weekend and could not believe the beauty of this place. It was the nighttime exhibit highlighting the work of Bruno Munro. Tickets to this event in particular were $25 but well worth every penny. The beauty of the lights and the landscape were astonishing. The weather was perfect for a mid February night.  The smells of the different trees and plants was an extra nice bonus. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys nature & desert landscapes. I will definitely be visiting this place again.  the lady explaining this event to me should have mentioned advance reservations are absolute!)  O.K. so we'll go somewhere else!  No!!!  The Patio Cafe closes at 4 pm.  Why couldn't this alternative stay open for the dates of this event??  There were so many hungry frustrated people wanting to eat!  The little Light Lounge was CRAMMED with people Very pricey! Save your cash & look @ all the pics people have posted!! Very uneven walking... Dark pathways... Overcharging seems OK to all in charge!! I took my sister here while she was visiting. She absolutely loved it! There was plenty of seating along the way just in case you needed a rest. I couldn't believe all the wildlife we saw up close! We were sitting on the patio and a pair of Roadrunners showed up with a covey of Quail and even a small Ground Squirrel. If you're a Birder like me you need to take your binoculars because you'll see many species! It was a great day trip and I'd recommend it to any one. Beautifully arranged. Great gift shop. It was a last minute unplanned visit and didn't have a hat with me. Great selection and I purchased one that covered my neck and upper back. Everyone was very nice. Place was incredible.  Both the variety of plants but also the care they obviously show for these plants under their care!  It really should be on anybody's list when they visit Phoenix. "Went in the evening for the Sonoran Light exhibit. It was other worldly to walk through the garden at night. The desert has a completely different feel when seen by lights in the dark Came for the Bruce Munro exhibit and it was amazing! I cannot wait to visit during the day and see the entire garden. The staff was very friendly and everything was clean! "Wow! I could not believe my eyes. This is a very large exhibit. The walking trails are wide and accepting to motorized wheel chairs. There are a good many seating sights scattered throughout the exhibit to offer rest and senses upload. We were treated today by the delightful music of a live orchestra on sight. The comfortable temperature  take a trip to the Desert Botanical Garden.  It's an easy train to bus ride if you are downtown.  Bring water All in all besides ""life"" getting in the way lol. I enjoyed the lights they are extremely creative and so worth it!"  this is a perfect way to get a peek at all the variety we have here.  On my first visit I was surprised by all the historical info in the exhibits.  I learned a lot and this is now a must when family comes to town!  Catch the butterfly exhibit with the kids and you are an instant hero.  :)"  so that you can appreciate these works of art. Be sure to check the hours the garden is open  It was worse then being at Disney!! Save the $25 and go for a hike around the valley "This is a very lovely park with a lot to see!  We spent way longer here than we thought we would. Many loops and trails to walk. Wonderful shady places to sit and relax. We went on a Saturday and artists were scattered throughout the park. Employees were helpful and friendly. I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the gardens It was $25 well spent! Especially since it was like seeing two different gardens." thought I'd see more glass art like was displayed at the entry - kind of a tourist trap with over priced Christmas cactus in the gift shop.  They also had areas blocked for private parties  we've also been to the Monarch Migration & previous events held in the Butterfly Pavilion.  We normally visit every spring and usually a few other times during the year.  The wildlife you come across while walking the trails is always amazing to see.  Nice outdoor cafe in the back We visited the garden during a special light installation from Bruce Munro: Sonoran Light.  We arrived at sunset and it was packed!  I wasn't surprised since the marketing for this event was on par all over the tv.  No worries The DBG is always a favorite when we visit Scottsdale. This year the blooms were especially magnificent. It's a unique garden with good variety and unusual plants. The staff are wonderful (with the exception of the super crabby lady in charge of the ticket booth - but maybe she caught the 'prickly' from the plants!) The Bruce Munro was interesting. I had seen his installation in Atlanta. I think it shows off better with more varied terrain - but still lovely.  so luckily we didn't have to pay. I don't think it's worth the $22 admission fee unless you really want to see a bunch of cacti or maybe come at night for the lights. I didn't stick around to see the night show because I was dying of the heat. Plus to top it off I got all these prickly little red things stuck in my hand that hurt like hell. I'm not sure how that happened because I didn't touch anything and I'm not stupid enough to to run my hand  along a cactus. I had to go to first aid to have them take it off and it still hurts. It happened to someone else in my group so it wasn't just me. That probably isn't something to worry about though...those type of things just seem to happen to me. FML" Loved the Bruce Monroe light show!! Would highly recommend. You won't regret going to this beautiful lighting show Great place to see desert plants and some wildlife. It was really hot though so we had to cut out before we melted to the pavement. Definitely need to visit as soon as they open to avoid the heat. Bring a camera - there were so many great views to capture. "Pretty neat botanical garden.   Very well laid out with a good map and even better volunteers helping to answer direction questions.   Lots of little lizards  I recommend you not go and save yourself at least $25.00 as that was the admission per person."  architecture and overall experience was lots of fun really amazing selection of plants."  but they also have beautiful artwork and lots of unique pieces for sale. I must have spent 20-30 minutes in there alone!" What an amazing place.  The gardens are well kept and beautiful.  Plenty of staff around if you have questions.  I'm a visitor to Arizona so I learned a lot.  It was well worth the trip and the admission.  Great morning. We had been hiking all over Arizona on our vacation but the botanical garden captured all the different regions. We were also there for blooms!  I really enjoyed the Native American loop... Good stuff in there. I can't wait to return to explore some more at one of Arizona's must see spots in the valley!"  a walk through the Garden can feel like wandering through Death Valley "Saw the Chihuly glass exhibit at DBG and loved it.  Thought we'd follow up with a family venture back to DBG for the Munro light exhibit for Mother's Day but was bitterly disappointed.  DBG is a great place to walk around If you are in the Phoenix area definitely stop by. Beautiful gardens and good restaurant. I'll be back.  there is a reasonable admission fee to get in.  The Garden is in a beautiful and natural setting with lots and lots of different variety of the Cacti species This really is a case of ""a picture is worth a thousand words"".  Look at the photo gallery and go!" I stopped by here while on vacation. Helpful and friendly staff. I would say a definite stop if new to the Phoenix area like me. "This place is beautiful! We attended one of their music in the garden concerts and had a wonderful time.  I would definitely like to return and walk some of their trails while taking in the beautiful surroundings.  I'd also l like to try the on-site restaurant  everything decides to wake up and celebrate! Lots of walking to do.. So if you have mobility issues you may want a cane or wheelchair. I suggest sun screen and hats...you are in an outdoor museum.and please bring your cameras My mother and I visited this place while vacationing in Phoenix and it was breath taking! The wildflower exhibit is my favorite and walking through the herbal garden was invigorating! Make sure to wear sunscreen and bring a big water bottle to beat the heat. Wear your walking shoes too! This is a stop you must make if you're making a trip to Phoenix! Remember to put on some sunscreen and bring a hat when you are in the garden. Everything was outdoor! It was super sunny/hot and dry when I was there  and willing to answer any questions you may have and offer education about the many things to see in this park.  The Botanical Garden offers a 10% discount on admission if you are a member of AAA (American Automobile Association).  I have read about the many other great seasonal festivals here such as the Chocolate Festival :) and the Luminaries during the holidays.  I look forward to visiting again in the future to partake in these." We had an amazing time here! Very educational and absolutely gorgeous. Wildlife is abundant and many of the animals I was surprised to see lived in the desert! The staff was helpful and very friendly. You should absolutely visit when you travel to Phoenix!  this a great place to visit without having to go out too far. Plus check Groupon for discounted ticket deals." I'm from North Carolina and out in Arizona for work.  I needed something to get me out of the hotel with some scenery.  The gardens had some of the most amazing scenic shots ever!  I took a million pictures and all the volunteers were so friendly.  Totally worth the admission fee!  Take some good walking shoes and some water! This is my favorite place to visit on a day off. I love how there are pockets of nature that are like sanctuaries. I also love all the wildlife running around. There is always an event too! The sculptures really add to the ambiance!  we only covered half of the garden and look forward to coming back in cooler weather. Great glass sculptures near the entrance. We noticed and were thrilled by the cactus sundial. We appreciated all the water fountains at various stations. We came during the evening and saw wildlife: desert cottontails It's a perfect place to go when you don't feel like getting dressed up or impressing anyone. It's not like going to TT Roadhouse where it's packed and everyone looks at a non-regular like they are an alien. It's also not like going to Jugheads where it can be dark and scary if you're not a regular. Breakroom is the kind of place where it's just really easy to walk in as a non-regular and belly up to the bar and order a pint. Don't let the crackwhores and pimps scare you off. And don't let the fact that it's a bit of a dump turn you off... or do." Only thing unique and vastly different about the Breakroom is that their patrons are bonafide true-blue people probably dealin' with real-life issues - not broken nails  at 5:30 PM.  There were lots of blue collar workers just getting off work and relaxing.  Everyone seemed to just be enjoying their Friday night.  Some other reviewers said they didn't exactly feel safe I probably won't go back for karaoke unless Max (bevy of beauties in tow) and/or my Mafioso cousins from the Bay Area are with me."  but its at 48th Street and McDowell and its a Dive Bar. As far as dive bars go... it is definitely a 4 in  my books."  but it has always been a good time and is consistently our fall back should karaoke somewhere else suck or be canceled. 4 stars."  so I'm not sure what other reviewers were expecting. A towel valet perhaps? The toilets flushed and there was hand soap and towels so I consider myself lucky."  & 2 gay guys I was the only other white person there. It doesn't even matter though. The vibe is crazy drunk happy. The women are large & in charge! They all sing along to the karaoke songs they know. No  and I will bump it up to 5 stars if it happens...... SHUFFLE BOARD!!! Bring in a shuffle board and all will be well!" "Thats right 5... One of the best dive bars I have ever been to... Food is awesome and  CHEAP!!! Free pool during most days  a good one i think not. Im a strong believer that if you dont feel comfortable then trust your gut. And thankfully mine was talking to me. I will give it credit as being more of a melting pot than i thought it would be. One night I went and from what a friend that stayed told me there was a gun pulled about thirty minutes after I left. That only backed up my initial thoughts because when I pulled up I was actually a little hesitant to get out the car because of all the activity in the parking lot paired with the stares and glares. Inside though I agree that I was impressed with the wide karaoke spectrum and talent also. The guys shooting pool were no joke either!!! Service wise my only gripe was that the bartender tried to make my drink so strong it wasnt what i ordered anymore. I appreciated the gesture and tipped accordingly but politely asked for another with less of the previous gesture lol. I didnt try the food but if i ever go back i surely will." $1 PBR on Sundays! And other really great specials throughout the week. *** and they even have hooks under the bar for your purse*** totally won me over with that... such a necessity but such a hard thing to find in dives." Nice crowd never been when it was packed....its  johnny's eastside now  I don't know why I haven't made my quesadillas this way (topped with mushrooms must read!  4-stars for sure "My coworkers and I were in town from Buffalo for a work conference and were at work events all week. We were celebrating my 21st birthday and in search of a fun Karaoke bar and we found The Breakroom!  The staff If you want to just relax and post up to a bar Friendliest place in town....I've never seen a cook come out of the kitchen and ask if you would like anything and be so polite and fix you whatever. What a proactive place! Service is great. Everyone is so friendly and always checking up on you. For sure a place you would want to check out. Service was great...The staff was very friendly. I came here to grab a bite to eat with some friends and shoot some pool and we had a great time!!! We just happened to show up on taco Tuesday and the carne Asada tacos were great!!!...I will definitely be back Love this place!!! Reminds me of my favorite dive bars back home! Food is excellent too. "Great dive bar! Polite bartenders and some interesting drink specials. The food is phenomenal and portions are extremely generous. Only dive bar in Phoenix serving Pinot Grigio :-) Drinks and food are reasonably priced. Four well-kept pool tables "Great vibe and good times! Was here on a Tuesday of all nights. Karaoke and pool. Great group fun or if you single and ready to mingle. Gotta eat the chicken wings  the food is delicious and very reasonably priced! Don't miss their wings and reuben. Great place to watch football - plenty of TVs W41CEzdKJe8wdDB-Rd6KJQ  good stuff here. definitely not for people who are used to quiet bars though" Had a awesome time. Adrian was a very sweet bartender and we had no problems with redeeming our coupon. The cook was great and the vibe was good. Even got to know a few people. Everyone was friendly. Only one bad thing we had so much fun I am paying the price today. Lol We will definitely be back. "Not only do I love this place the ""7days in a crack house"" made by Krystal is the sh*t. The wings is the truth to. Everything you order is amazing." "Best pool hall in town... The service was exceptional!! Krystal is the best bartender EVER!!! I will definitely come back to this bar! Oh and btw Nice pool Hall with exceptional service. They were having karaoke which was quite entertaining. Played a few rounds of pool with some old friends and had some reasonably priced drinks. When I make my way back to Phoenix I will definitely stop in here again everyone was very friendly the bar staff was awesome!! The food was great but it was very frustrating that the drinks and kitchen are separate. It does not make sense that we could not pay for everything on one tab. The business needs to figure out that one of the companies pays out the other...etc.  cheap games but I wouldn't recommend eating here. Roach dying on floor. The bartender saw them but didn't say anything. (You should of seen her eyes) It's a dive bar so it is what it is. I still go here but don't recommend ordering food. And at least it was dying right?" Business owner reached out and was extremely apologetic/will fix the issue. 5 stars for good service The bar service is good. What sets this place apart from other bars is the kitchen. Junior hooks it up! The wings are amazing and everything else from the kitchen is amazing. I have never had a dish at this place that wasn't very good.  so were in search of a great local bar. This place is awesome. Casual A little bit of a dive bar but I come here primarily to shoot pool. A little rough around the edges but supporters of O-sports (Ohio State and Oregon) hang out here so it feels like home in some ways. "Possibly the best bar I have been to in Phoenix. If you're looking for a chill hole in the wall place with friendly staff P.S. They have a touch tunes jukebox you can control from your barstool. BAM!" "Meghan and Jason are the best things that could've happened to The Breakroom!  Jason can cook like no one else. No matter what you order it will come out legit  it was early they had just opened. Jason asked if we were ready for breakfast and we ordered the #2 breakfast. 10 min. later he put 2 giant platters in front of us. WOW what a meal  This is the second time I've been to this bar while on business trip. Service is always amazing and although we rent a place in Scottsdale we will always come here. Krystal is a great bartender and never left us hanging. If your in AZ come for a drink and great food! Great place for a burger and beer. Friendly staff and fun atmosphere pool tables and regular people having a good time not pretentious in any way.  sweet bartender with a fantastic sense of humor! My first time here with my out of town friend. She has been so hospitable and friendly. Kitchen was closed when we were thinking of ordering but I cannot wait to try the wings!! They looked and smelled SO good!! I am so glad we came here. I will definitely be back and will share this welcoming bar with everyone I come across!!" "It's all about a good bartender!  Latoya will make you feel at home from the minute you walk in!  And they have a great cheeseburger too!  Highly recommend this place for a chill evening of dinner The bartender Mandy was top notch...the cocktails were expertly made & she was pleasant...not bad to look @ either! Plenty of tv's to watch the games...we had a nice time for a reasonable price. It's a friendly dive bar. Pool and darts and beer no extras. I have never eaten here. The bartender Krystal was great!  The cook even came out and talked to me.  The place made me feel like I was welcome and home.  The pool tournaments they have have on Monday  Wednesday and Friday are great!  I had a great Time! Stopped in here bc it was listed on the Crafty Bastards list but when I asked the bartender about it she had no idea. They do have a few local beers in bottles. Couple on draft but nothing to really applaud. Long story short: keep abreast of shows at Celebrity Theater. Good acts come around  we Celebrity you shouldn't sit in the first 5 rows.  You are RIGHT THERE and they can see you far too clearly." This place will definitely give you a night to remember." "Nice intimate venue for watching a show. Last saw Stephen Lynch perform here and was great. There is pretty easy access to beer My only beef with Celebrity is that they don't bring enough acts to Phoenix that would have me doing 15 cartwheels in excitement. But  and the band Manager emailed me back right away letting me know they would put me on the guest list for any concert I wanted to see them at." You will need atleast $5 for parking !" 3 accidents and a quick escape by the shear recklessness of my will did i manage to get out of the parking lot within 20 minutes. meh. i wasn't involved in those accidents thankfully...but i might of caused one of them hahaha. oh well. venue is pretty cool with the round stage that rotates..but the drink cost..stfu. i'm flaskin this place next time..or i'll tape a camelback to my inner thigh." Check out their website....find a show you want to see....buy tickets....go...and have a blast."  Dave Attell and Lisa Lampanelli here and all were great shows on account of the intimate arena-seating configuration. The circular design feels friendlier than the traditional ""square"" set up They recently dropped the fee for the parking went last nite to see the great george jones... first stop the will call window for my tickets i gave the guy my credit card  and drivers lic. he handed me 2 tickets and off we went i new i had ordered a isle seat and down near the stage when we were pointed to our seats they were up from the stage and in the middle........i told one of the ushers and he summond a manager/head usher i told him the situation and he took my name and said he would be right back he returned a few minutes later with the right tickets and apoligized..........great service.........when we did get the right seats we were behind the band........ my wife said oh great were behind the band then he informed us the stage rotates........cool...........great show......great venue... highly recomended   ALSO HAVE THER OWN PARKING LOT VERY CONVIENT PARKING....IN AND OUT "Celebrity is one of the better concert venues in the valley.  Sometimes the stage revolves and other times they do a 3/4 house show and it doesn't.  Either way I have never before and never since seen rows of seats so close to eat other. Only my sister in law could sit comfortably and she's 5'1"". Come on Celebrity Theatre Im sure its a great place to go see Celine Dion acoustic or something equally lame.  But why a place like that would book heavier stuff and then react like that is beyond me. I felt like i was in jail. Only in jail the bathtub gin is cheaper and you dont get yelled at as bad for smoking too close to a doorway." You're staring at the back of the equipment half the time!"  or Dodge. The ride back home consisted of singing Chris Isakk songs and screaming and yelling all the way down Washington back downtown. Minus the retard at the front door Ive been here many times and have seen many musicians and last I was here  but we got inside quickly. I love how small the venue is inside  the crowd was more entertaining. I can say that depending on who is performing I would not hesitate to go back to Celebrity Theater." The seating is extremely close from one another and the rows are crowded. The beer was expensive (but that's to be expected at a concert)  Peabo Bryson ""Tonight I celebrate my love"" feat Roberta Flack (but on of his back up performed Roberta's part) & Jeffrey Osborn ""On the Wings of Love"". Truly it was one of the memorable concerts my wife and I have seen." I will not be back!!!" "This place was a pleasant surprise. It's the kind of theatre you want to go to if you want the warm intimate feeling with the performer. I attended the Kenny G concert here and his style of music was perfect to watch here .  Since its a small theatre  I still wouldn't hesitate to see an artist here."  assuming the engineer is half-decent."  and he was half naked less than half way through his set. That guy can put on a show that will keep you entertained through the entire thing. There was not one single boring section and he interacted very well with his audience. At one point in the show he even brought a girl on stage to assist him in undressing. He is a certified crowd pleaser. By the end of his act he had the whole crowd yelling his legendary chant ""Lace Up"". MGK made me proud to say I'm one of his ""EST soldiers"". I would definitely attend another one of his shows if given the opportunity.  If you are ever given a chance to see MGK in concert I would definitely say you should go. It was a great experience for me and I would do it all over again if I could."  and I would have to say this is my favorite. I'm from California so everytime I go to a concert it has been crazy expensive to sit up close and there are assigned seats (which I can't stand). Sure "I give this place two stars just because you have a great view of the entertainer your going to see here.  This Venue is nice because it's small and they do get some really good acts that pass through town here.  Other then that  and what was with the stage it is in bad need a of a face lift as well. I will go again because their are other concerts I want to see I gave them 3 our 5 stars.  (1 star for the theater itself & 2 stars for the incredible acts (Bob Weir Show.  (12/11/12)"  they misrepresented the stage layout. I bought two orchestra pit ""front row"" tickets. When we arrived we learned the stage rotates so we got to stare at the back of his head most of the show. Next came the awful annoying ""dancers""...people from the audience that had bad seats that decided to march themselves down to the front to stand right in front of the first row seats and completely obstruct our view. Security? Try fat overgrown meatheads...let me elaborate...when my wife politely asked the people ""dancing"" (more like drunk stumblers) to move so she could see the show always a nice smaller venue to watch a concert  but the venue is good.  I'd buy the tickets at the box office and save the money on the service charges.  It's a great small venue though."  not the best concert venue though.  The noise level gets really bad with the reverb."  but that didn't really take much away from the experience. The stage didn't revolve as was mentioned but Louis walked around so he was facing me much of the time it seemed...maybe cause the HBO cameras were near where I was sitting. After the show I walked to my car and was out of the lot immediately." This is a great place for a show.  The fact that it's a circular set-up means there are no bad seats.  Plus the drinks are great and the staff is very helpful.  I wish they sold more food here.  Also the line to get in was pretty lengthy.  Overall a good time. "I bought four tickets for the Louis C.K. show back in October in the orchestra pit . The date was rescheduled because he decided to film his HBO special there. That was all fine and dandy until I got the call from the theatre that he would be taking over my seat in the orchestra pit and that I would be relocated to an actual seat. Fine. Whatever. Third row is not so bad. Well when I got there I have always enjoyed myself here - but never as much as watching Louis CK record his HBO special last week. The only downside was the bars shutdown after he started (I'm assuming this was an attempt to keep people in their seats). The circular stage is unique and works well for comedy.  they can't get much better."  but the venue itself can't handle the number of people they can cram in there. There is always like a half hour of waiting in traffic just to get in to the parking lot  a cool place to see a show."  which makes it very easy to see the stage from any place in the theatre.  Loads of parking and really organized staff that makes getting in and out of the theatre easy to do.  Awesome place to see a show SvrmDNTTeOrM4XgnguERRA literally my favorite place to see a concert.  seating is a little tight but its worth it.  the setup is intimate making every seat a winner. BcBxTyj09Wu-w0KA1QvKTA  the show was great. I truly enjoyed my night out with them! Definitely will be checking the event calendar to see what acts/shows will be coming because I don't mind going back!" "We went with a group of people to watch some fights. The venue is super cool with so much history it's crazy. I sadly do have complaints about it though. They are as follows: thanks for charging 5 dollars to park even though we bought tickets to your venue. Thanks for charging 15 dollars in additional fees so the ticket wasn't 35 it was 50 The Jackie Evancho promotors should be strung up for putting her in this filthy dump of a theatre.  Got an email ahead of performance today reminding us to allow time to be searched.  Really.  The Pearl & ascot crowd being searched!  For Jackie Evancho!  Saw BB King here.    Everyone was smoking e cigs.  Place was filled with smoke.  Wonderful.  Obviously terribly managed ! This place is an amazing venue! It's a theatre in the round with a stage that slowly turns! No matter where you sit you have a great seat! It's not CRAZY loud but sounds awesome!!!! Good bar. The only thing that sucked was only one girls bathroom! Lol! Can't wait to see what else is coming here! Just saw 3 Doors Down! Loved it! "Wow! Three doors down tonight was amazing! However having another person assaulting me three separate times was not.  A group of drunk rednecks sitting behind us made several people in the section that I was sitting in get up and leave completely. After being punched in the back of the head on three separate occasions I finally left as well. I informed security This was my first time at this venue and I was very glad to have been treated so well by the staff there  but perhaps for a boxing event or performer."  one of the better medium sized venues out here in Arizona to see your favorite artist up close before they book stadiums like US Airways and you have to see them on stage from a 100 yards away." Oh yeah. The venue is cool too."  I'd avoid this place.  If you must go "DO NOT ALLOW CELEBRITY TO SEAT YOU IN ROW B14.  I attended an event at Celebrity.  Bought tickets through Stub Hub.  I chose my own seat  in row B14 which looked like a good choice on the internet seating chart.  At the event I realized that  these seats are behind the Handicapped Section which is on almost the same level.  All you  could see were the backs of the handicapped people sitting in front of row B14.  Some people in Celebrity Theatre shirts said I had to stay in my assigned seat and couldn't move to vacant seats behind me (which remained vacant the entire show).  I asked the 2 handicapped guys in front of me  to scoot apart so I could see a small sliver of the stage and they did. When I complained to Stub Hub and the Celebrity Theatre a day or so later  small uncomfortable seats ... This place is obsolete.  Awful."  but only gave 4 of 5 stars because of your over price waters/soda's" I agree with other comments about drinks being excessively high priced.  It is a smaller venue that you may call charming in its 1970's style or outdated depending on how you look at it." PS: my seat was even held together with some tape and once we moved to a different seat in an empty row others took our lead and looked for something less confining."   it's claustrophobic.   My back was sore after 15 minutes.  I've sat in more comfortable seats on 25 year old Southwest Airlines jets.  Bleachers at Sun Devil Stadium were more comfortable.  I don't know if section A are any better." Came here for a boxing event and had a blast. I've been to many events here over the years and always had a great time! Horrible. The seats are dangerously small and lack room in front of them. I am 6'2 and I have bruises on both knees from having to wedge my knees into the back of the seats in front of me for Aziz Ansari. The entire two hours was miserable. Please please renovate the seating. Oofta. Will not return unless they host a must-see act." went last year.  Will never go again.  The only reason for the one star was the girlfriends I went with. I did like that every seat appears to be a good seat." Went there this past weekend for the Urban AZ Comedy Slam... This place is totally a rotten apple. It looks good on the outside but is totally ran down and ancient looking on the inside. This place needs a major update. The seats look so nasty you don't want to sit in them. Yuck! The show was funny as hell though. I wouldn't go to another event there.  you will be able to see any comedian or band that is on the stage. Be advised that some bathrooms are larger than others so the one closes to the entrance for woman is the one to go to during intermission as the wait will not be as long. (the other side of the venue I love how the stage rotates!  It makes it that every seat in the house is a good seat.  There were these really drunk rude girls in the next row trying to talk louder than Wynona was singing!  That always frustrates me!!!  Someone went and complained and they chilled out a bit and we continued to enjoy the concert. "This place is always a favorite because you can see some of your favorite artists for a reasonable price.  There is not a bad seat in this place because the seats surround the stage.  The bar service was great "This venerable theatre hosts some marvelous old-timers and up-and-comers for the Phoenix area. It's located in an industrial area near Sky Harbor Airport (no eateries nearby!) They sell water "What a dump. The sound was awful and my left leg fell asleep from being crammed into the back of the seat in front of me. Plus a $12.50 ""service"" charge on a $50 ticket  but left early because of how bad the sound was.  Like I said if you really like who/what you are about to see then by all means go to this venue and you will have a great time Plus they charge high prices for drinks Really enjoyed the Heart Concert last night! I give them 5 stars!!  The venue was a disappointment.  Had seats in the back row which generally would be fine but there was zero leg room.  I did figure out how to get up and down but it was tricky. The lack of restrooms was a big deal breaker for me. So no beer or drinks for me.  I guess some people don't mind that.  My daughter said there were only 3 stalls in the women's restroom.  I was excepting the sound system to be top notch but a bit distorted at times but ok with the slower softer songs were played. I know some love the revolving stage which I kind of liked also but when Nancy Wilson went into her solo at the beginning of Crazy on You all I saw was her back. Disappointed but I knew that could happen. Jealous of those who could see her going for it.  For paying $144 for 2 tickets and $10 for parking I expected an up to date venue. Over all glad I went because it was HEART. Don't think I would go to this venue again however.  is that the sound is inconsistent. I have been there on several occasions in which they had trouble with the sound and had to adjust it. It makes me wonder whether this is the responsibility of the venue or of the artist not having gone through a sound check. Either way Every seat is a great seat. So close to the revolving stage no matter where you are at. However didn't like the $10 parking fee. Sears are kind of confusing to find as they are not clearly marked.   I guess from reading other reviews they are not as tight as they have been in the past so that is good news too.  We saw Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons last night and enjoyed the show.  As I looked at my ticket stub today for four tickets we had a $5.00 order fee  although no lines at the show I went to (Franki Valli).  The seating rows were not marked at all.  Had to ask an usher.  On the plus side  but not so much that it's entirely miserable.  They also don't allow any writing implements in the venue.  This was a minor annoyance because it was cold out and we had to walk back to the car to empty our purses of pens Wonderful theater in the round setting. Definitely a good venue!! Went to see Keith Sweat in concert on 2/14/2016. The security could be tighter and have some control of various women who were trying & who got up on stage. A lot of angry people in the crowd over stupid stuff like that. Need to beef up the security other than walking the performances on and off stage. Definitely a great show but need more safety measures in place. I loved seeing Keith Sweat but not sure if I would return to their venue due to lack of security. "Were to start? We came to see Keith Sweat and Silk on Valentine's Day. Parking was $10 coming in. Not enough handicapped parking. People were taking up 2 parking spaces. Really. I was surprised when we walked into the celebrity. Wow we were already in the place. Lines for liquor were right there. All those people. The seats were on each other. We couldn't really stand to dance. As soon as I sat I started looking for the exits. Then the music system was horrible and static. Smh. Like it was reflecting off the tin roof. Not to mention the hoochie onstage that decided to get on all 4s with her behind all in our faces freaking the floor. I had to go to the bathroom. I'm still in shock. That bathroom is small  you could go to a local bar and listen to the recorded music for a lot less money...and the beer would probably be cheaper Staff is friendly and we always have a great time here."  don't go downstairs to the box office area 'cause you'll end up going through the bar area and then up the narrow staircase."  can't wait to see another good concert at the Celebrity Theater.  We had such a blast!"  I could've gotten a better seat. Since there's no refunds or anything So my wife and I went here to see one of our favorite bands last week.  The venue itself is a bit dated but I kinda dig the layout.  The bar downstairs is decorated with memorabilia from past guests and acts who've stopped through over the years which I thought was pretty cool.  The bar is limited in what they serve but they still have a nice variety and they don't get crazy with the pricing.  The actual theater is nice and it's hard to find a bad seat.  You may want to stay away from some of the seating that is closest to the front as the stage is a 360 rotating platform and their will be times where your view will be completely blocked unlike other seats.  The venue is very small and does not support a band with massive amounts of equipment.  Space is at a premium on stage.  The acoustics are not the greatest either  but overall I found this to be a fun and laid back place to see a show.  I'm not impressed with the audio in this ""in the round"" auditorium. This 50 year old concrete structure would be better off torn down so that it can be rebuilt with decent audio (and water fountains that meet current code)." BcBxTyj09Wu-w0KA1QvKTA It was a disappointment - guess it's a great lesson I 100% agree with the other reviewer.. this is a MUST visit on any dive bar crawl." a dirty li.ttle hole.had a roach crawl on my hand. Joyce the bartender just laughed I will be back.... Maybe in a few months."  this place is indeed a shithole. I guess it fits the neighborhood. Stopped by here recently on a trip to Phoenix for Spring Training and this place was by our hotel. I got a small pitcher of bud light and a healthy sized shot of Patron (we're talking a half filled rocks glass  and a fun time if you're into that sorta thing.  I highly recommend a visit if youre looking for a divy spot to have an ICY cold beer.  By far  however not a place where the regulars stare you down and want you to leave.  They are really quite friendly.  The bartender was attentive and friendly and actually quite the eye candy.  Granted its in a shader area  the bathroom floor is often wet and smells funky. The only food available is a couple things in a vending machine and Tony ' s frozen  pizza which they microwave  for you. I have seen bar fights where police have been called and a few other things I would rather not have seen! Let me just say that without the great karaoke and good bartender  we always have a good story for the next day at work starting with ""Holy shit man A great place to drink a cold one after a long night at work"  so I don't have any reports on that!" We have been there a couple of few times at different times of the day. Best bartender in the valley is Kayla oh and Joe is the best as well. I think he works the night shift and she works the day shift. They are both courteous and make you feel at home... kinda like cheers Check 'em out! But be warned  Mark is a great person to talk to. Id give it a five but there are a couple things id change. Any time a bartender delibrately embarrasses a customer for their personal benefit they lose points drastically (thanks Joe lol). Oh and it wasnt joe or mark that lost points if anyone actually cares."  but it was pretty good for bar food.  And they had some good weekly specials.  They also did regular Texas Hold em Tournaments which were fun to watch.  Small neighborhood spot.  Great service.  Good drink prices.  And for some of us - great memories.  (Shout out to my Synergy Homies!)" The regular patrons that I see in the place seem all to be retired because they are always talking about their golf game or when they are going to golf next.  When one enters the place one of the bartender's automatically know their drink and have it ready for them by the time they take a seat.  It is a pretty laid back environment 2 guys that seem to run the place are usually hanging out at the bar." IgaruuknYwCr9afeDYQ_yw  friendly service. They also get the NFL Sunday Ticket and MLB Extra Innings package so you can check out your favorite out of market teams. If you want good food/beer at decent prices give the Dirty Drummer a shot." "Great dive bar...the service is good.  As soon as we sat down the server came right over and asked for our order.  The drinks were out quickly and so was our food.  They have $2 burgers on Tuesdays.  The decor itself is nothing to rave about  everything was very good and I will certainly go back for lunch." IgaruuknYwCr9afeDYQ_yw IgaruuknYwCr9afeDYQ_yw  sure knows what hes doin!!!"  but I felt extremely welcome and comfortable.  This place is not my usual scene but it is good!  I will be back on many occasions...very casual!  I have never been at night or during events but I am sure it is crowded!  They have the tvs on the walls and they have pool tables I am sure it is a fun time!  Try it if you are looking for a casual bar to try..."  we introduced ourselves to Nicole (the bartender) and she was kind enough to run down their weekly food and drink specials for us. Overall HOWEVER...I would definitely come here again because it would be a good place to watch any sports games."  I cannot figure out why two reviews are filtered. They seem on the up and up. The food service is painfully slow.  This is a place for beer and sports." "Great staff and good food  on this day my better half and I were the only 2 customers in this place. We had a serviceable Philly Cheese Steak. Prices are average I guess. And I have to give it one star for the stupid name." The drinks were cheap and the service was fast and friendly."  I wouldn't insist on going here but I wouldn't rule it out either. I guess I went in expecting something more interesting instead of a half assed sports bar." edit: food was amazing. Fire fries were magical"  it was different. The waitress was friendly and attentive although she was working the whole dining area alone. There are TVs throughout the place "I love this place!! The food is 5 stars it's best and it's not even a fancy restaurant. I love the cheap drinks Its was Saturday night a few minutes before 12:00am and called to see if they were serving food. Was told we were 2 minutes late even though it advertised they are open till 1:00am. You would think Fridays and Saturdays they would serve till 1:00am. But a block up the street Applebee's is open for late night happy hour with half price appetizers and the place was busy. I like to patronize local business. But in this case Applebee's out did a old establishment  just the right size for me.  Decent beer selection though this is not a craft beer hangout.  We will be back soon!" I love this place! Great service and delicious food! Try the grilled wings! My coworkers and I head here a lot for happy hour after work. They have pool and lots of Tvs to watch your favorite game!  the bartender got me hooked on grilled teriyaki ....if you are going to get them pay the extra dollar to grill them totally worth it. I'll have to go back and try a burger they looked awesome and are cooked in wine" "My brother and I make the trek from N Scottsdale to The Drummer almost every weekend.   Jesse makes the HOTTEST suicide grilled wings on the planet - we love 'em!  Service is great and the ""regulars"" are pretty friendly too.  Drink prices are good and there are plenty of TV's.  One of the better ""dive bars"" in the area." "This place has the feel of a place were people go to smoke and waste their life away. The atmosphere is pretty depressing and it has a thrift store feel for the interior design. Drinks and food aren't that different from Applebees down the street.  Tried going here 2x  and both experiences were similiar. I walked out more depressed  the kitchen is all right behind the bar cutomer service from staff exceptional but must say my co workers and I had at least three horrible experiences with owners and either managers or supervisors. Food is not the greatest but a heck of a deal for the specials. Would recommend getting specials because of great prices and just drink "One of my favorite little spots to go to! The food and drinks are very good (wings and Long Islands are regulars for me). Jeanine was a server there the first two years I start going  Jesse &Tebra are awesome."  delicious grilled wings. Easily a great hole-in-the-wall for anyone in the Phoenix area. There is a pool table and a wide variety of seating options. Their sandwiches are delicious as well!" I do wish they would have live music. It seems like it could be an awesome venue." Been coming here since I was 20.. I'm now..... Yeah nice try. The grilled wings have always been the best ever. I wasn't very impressed with servers and its looks like this bar was make for the  old generations. One of the server was eating right up at the bar. In my option that unprofessional. I pry wouldn't be coming back. Not somewhere I would go again on my own volition.  Drive a little further into Arcadia Overall my great local dive bar anytime of day."  it was exceptional. The crust was crispy and fresh (obviously not over-fried) and the fish was tender and flaky. The fries were delicious as well; seasoned perfectly with the ideal balance of crispy and soft textures. My boyfriend got their wings  is a flavor I won't soon forget or forget to repeat!  Excellent :)." Horrible service it used to be great new bartenders suck rude we used to come here often now it's time to look for another bar/dive bar DRAW 10 it is ...last time coming to this place .. "Would come here after softball with some coworkers. Place has really good songs I go the dirty drummer burger and it was satisfactory . Their wings where bomb.com tries both the grill and original both so yummy! The happy hour special today where tacos and that was also good. I'd recommend this for good price for friends to enjoy out. I like how accommodating they were for a large group of 12. We came after work on a Friday and they were very helpful putting some tables together for us. I had a couple happy hour drinks and then we all ordered dinners. I had the Friday fish fry... very good included hush puppies too but I don't eat the fries. Classic neighborhood Sports Bar... how can you not have fun? Easy parking too you can come in the front or the back.  their take out is horrendous. They'll quote you 20min. Don't show up for 45 min to an hour because that's how long your order will take to be ready. Third time in a row that happened. I walked in at the 20 min mark as the cook was putting my wings into the fryer. Half an hour later  been coming here on and off since 1980 when we all came over from Fedmart.  Great happy hour. My favorite are the grilled wings ""honey hot"" great people you get to know." Zombies have taken over this restaurant.  It's more ""Shaun of the Dead"" than ""My Dinner with Andre."""  we're here for lunch so we have to go kinda fast"" they would always hustle to get us out on time.  So is it my spot of choice I mainly go here for the appetizers and beer during happy hour" This location tends to have horrendous service. One time we had to wait at least 30 minutes with empty dishes and cups and no check. We almost just left!" Two stars only if you stay in the bar and stick with beer and appetizers." "It's cheap good food.  Not outstanding but you get what you pay for so you can't really complain.  And lets face it  for making it a little easier to meet people for a quick lunch without having to completely sabotage my diet.  The only reason I'm not giving it more stars is the service - what can I say "Not only is the food overpriced and barely edible  apologize for our waiting time and the food came in 5 minutes after we ordered. What make me even more surprise was the manager came into each table and greet us and making sure that everything was okay and we got whatever we need. I definitely satisfied with the service and it leave a good memories. Thanks Apple Bee's for beyond standard service!"  9pm - Close. Half of drinks (no appetizers)." "What can you say... It's Applebees. If you don't set your expectations too high you probably won't be disappointed. The service during my visit was prompt and pleasant. The cheeseburger sliders were good; they were no White Castle but then  the Manager at 44th street & Thomas has to be less passive to annoing customers who play their rap music on their cell phones. I doubt that we will revisit that establishment anytime soon." "I have eaten at this Applebee's many times over the last 10 years. I think the food is very average and although I do not eat here very often. When I do the staff is always friendly and provides assistance in regards to the menu when needed. There happy hour is awesome and appetizers are 50% off during happy hour. I have had there baby back ribs - It's an American corporate chain restaurant  nothing less. Predictable chain food So of course you already lower your expectations when going to applebees however we have a new low here folks. Within 5 minutes of parking my car was broken in to with a laptop and luggage for a weekend out of town stolen. If that is not bad enough 3 seperate customers reported this to management and did they do they right thing of telling their customers...well of course not. I walked out an hour later and when I reported it to management their response was we were too busy to tell anyone and this is a bad neighborhood so what do you expect.  If you choose to eat here keep your eye on your vehicle and don't expect management to do anything that resembles the right thing for their customers.  Applebees again proves they are McDonald's with wait staff and alcohol. The worst applebees in town. Vehicle was broken in to 12 days ago within several items stolen and still no one from management has contacted me for resolution.  Steer clear of this restaurant. "It's kinda my fault. I should have yelped this location first. But most Applebee's I've frequented have been decent.  The service was good. But the food wasn't up to par. My wife and I had their 2/$20 deal. Spinach & Artichoke appetizer was so-so. Not much flavor. My wife had the blackened chicken & penne pasta. She says it was ""alright."" (I made the same thing at home last week and mine was better) I had the chicken and shrimp skillet. The shrimps were small and just warm. they were probably cooked ahead and spooned on top later. The chicken breast was overcooked and dry. Served with fried red potatoes and a mushroom and onion stirfry  but fast service place to eat supper and chose Applebees. The place was crowded and the wait was 15-20 minutes. I ordered the blackened steak medium rare. It was delicious! My friend ordered the blackened talaptia (fish for Lent) and said it was good. Thanks for a nice evening out I'm giving them 5 stars because they deserve it."  and once they are done flirting with the table next to you  every sentence started with ""I can't"" or  ""You can't"".  The manager made me hate this place even more."  on occasion I do hit a chain. This one was there for a very tired chick who needed some hot food and a nearby Target!" I have gone to this Applebee's countless times and each time the food has been okay and the waiters have been mediocre. I liked the food that they have but for the past 3 times that I have gone. My food took ONE HOUR AND A HALF. That was unacceptable to me! They also didn't give a discount or even sorry for the inconvience. I remember seeing a commerical of how the food needs to be made in 30 minutes during happy hour or it all will be free. I guess that doesn't apply! Its probably another scam to bring customers in. I also didn't give the waitresses a tip each on of the times that the food was late. My friends and I were about to leave because the food took so long to come. I had ordered a simple spicy chicken salad and that took almost 2 hours to prepare. Other people's foods were being made before us when they had clearly come later then us. Probably not going to this place anymore more for late night food. Do not eat here. Terrible. "A week or so ago I went to this particular Applebees and left pretty upset. I immediately went home and wrote a comment about my unhappiness and told them I would never return because of the service received that day (note that this is the first and only time I've received bad service from this location). The next day I received a call from the GM  and prices Are great. But not at this location. The service sucks. And if you ask for a booth table they get pissy with you. It takes forever for them to bring the drinks. I don't like this location. I drive further down the road just for the better service." I sure hope we get a different server if and when we ever return." 0/10 would never ever recommend." The shrimp is good itself with the sauce on the side" Was not impressed with my too oily & tasteless shrimp meal. I walked out wishing I went to Chili's.  but nothing very impressive and definitely not worth the $9.99 price tag.  We sent back the Fish and Chips and it took a pretty long time to get the replacement meal we requested.  Not planning on returning ever again.  Service was quick  kids meals came when we were done eating and they were stone cold!  The one manager is very condescending & could care less.  Could be a major reason this Applebee's is going downhill.  I'll be happy to drive to north Scottsdale or even Elliot. They both have more responsible employees & managers that care."  and now today too. My girlfriend had to leave work she's so sick (I told her not to go into work with food poisoning...) It was probably the chicken wings. At least its friday now so we can be sick at home and not worry about working." This is a great spot to hang out with family and friends. I mostly come for the sincere service and the crazy karaoke nights. But I just found out last weekend there isn't anymore Karaoke by the wonderful host Stew. They are in need of someone ASAP. My father in law is a big fan of singing every Saturday but that won't keep us out. It's kid friendly and even a nice girls night out. This location does get a little busy I did notice that the soap was out and they didn't have papertowels but that just shows how popular this place is and one of the waitresses got to it right away.  I love that 2 for $20 and $24 can't believe it even includes an appetizer. This time I treated myself to their shrimp plate and picked my favorite sides of a perfect portioned fruit bowl and a warm scoop of mashed potatoes. I thought I'd actually get to have leftovers but I devoured the whole meal and had a little of everyone else's mouth watering meals. Having a group of people around definitely benefits you because each meal gets better and better. Too bad we were all too full for all their delicious desserts I'll definitely be back for that Maple Butter Blondie Consistency is everything." I will not be going back for some time. This experience was very frustrating." Their happy hour menu looked really appealing - half off all appetizers & specials on their drinks. We'll probably be back for that." The barista gave me a complimentary cookies and cream shake!  Nice!  My little heart was warmed... :-)" Went there with a couple female friends late night for reverse happy hour and the male bartender was rude and made derogatory remark towards my female friends. When I called the manager over she was sympathetic but I will never go there again "This apple bees is pretty awesome. Everytime I come here I seem to get the same waitress.  Destiny is and princess incredible service. The food here is decent We will never go back.. we have tried twice on our lunch break and our orders were wrong so they had to be remade which left us no time to eat. servers were rude .. we were late both times back to work.  the menu sucks. Anyway we got our appetizer within 8 min then we got our food 10 min later. I got the new pineapple burger which was mostly just meat and bread could hardly taste anything other than that. And it was soooo small. My bf got the mushroom Swiss LUCKILY he saw a long hair strand stuck in the cheese before he took a bite! GROSSSS! We sat there 10 min before our waitress finally came back so we had to wait another 15 min so they can remake his burger that time I didn't want my burger so we just took them both to go. Took about 7-10 min to finally check out. Also I believe the manager past by us and didn't bother saying anything or ask us how we were "I ordered pick up from this Applebee's earlier today and was honestly so shocked at how good the service was that it deserved a review. Every single person I dealt with was polite  I will go to this location simply because of the service we received."  and she was not attentive whatsoever. I myself have worked in the restaurant industry and know how stressful and chaotic it can be but she did not even ask us if we were okay. We ordered the appetizer trio and our entrees after. It took 45 minutes for our food to get to the table  so I panicked and brought it on a business trip. Ordered the baby back ribs and was absolutely amazed at how good they were.  However this is Applebee's YO (and not a good one).  The bartender seriously looked like a crossing guard at the local middle school.  The staff was definitely plucked from the 40-60 age group "I love Applebee's! I've only been to this location but they're always friendly and patient with us. Karaoke nights are also really fun! The food is always nice and warm  after that everything else went downhill. My server was very untidy and she took forever to get my food. She looked like she had just finished her day shift at a pizza shop and forgot to change her dirty apron which was caked with white dust. Brought me a meal different from what I ordered and didn't have the guts to apologize for it. The food came on a skillet which was supposed to be sizzling but it was cold. Very unappetizing with overlooked onions and a very tiny piece of meat. Place wasn't that busy so I fail to understand why it took over 30 min to get my food. And it looked like a dog had passed on the food then it was brought to me. When she asked me how the food was I ended up drinking water." It isn't surprising that this place is only 2.5 stars.  Is there a manager charge?"  and the sauces.  The manager didn't even offer to discount the food and the poor Togo boy was running his butt off trying to make things right for two other Togo customers! Never again will I order Togo from this awful place!"  and a few minutes later they appeared. He didn't return until 24 minutes later to take our order. The appetizers had clearly been sitting out as the dips had dried up on the top. The food literally took 47 minutes to come out after they finally came to order it. When it did come This was my first time to an Applebee's. I had a bunless burger and a salad and both were delicious! The lady came back multiple times to check on is and keep refilling the water. Overall great experience and if back in that area I'd give them another try!  stale beer; I wonder if the floor mats have ever been cleaned. I have received good service here before but my experience eating alone at the bar was horrible. It took forever to be greeted This was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. We order drinks when we sat down 10 minutes later my husband got up to go to the bar was still sitting in the the reader and they had not filled it. The manager brought it to the table. Then while we were sitting 25 minutes waiting for our food we noticed another customer at the bar trying three times to get the manager and the bartenders attention by waving. They didn't give her the time of day we had to flag him down and get their attention so that they would pay attention to the people at the bar. Are food came 25 minutes later. And yep you guessed it it wasn't correct. We had asked for water didn't get it another girl came by and asked if she could remove my cup I said no I would like some water please she said all will let me just take it and I'll bring you another glass of water over 10 minutes later she brings me a glass of water. We had to ask for our bill so we could go and when we got it I walked over to the manager and let her know that I felt that the service was inadequate and she said oh you're the one that had to weigh me down she fully acknowledge that she had to be waived down to serve a customer she didn't offer to pay for our meal she just apologized to pick up our bill and Cassius out. Way to go Sally that's great customer service we will not be back  under staffed whatever not to big of a deal the issue was our server. I don't know if she had a bad case of resting B**** Face or what but she just seemed like she was annoyed with our existence. This is when it really gets bad about half way through eating my burger I got stabbed in the mouth by something sharp when I pulled it out it was a bone! Now I'm not the one to complain about my food and it was really good up till the end so I just ate the fries and was just done with the burger. ( I was to grossed out to finsh.)  I wish I would have said something. I have spend my whole day off from work sick as ever. I got food poisoning. I will never eat here again. I'm just so sick and annoyed I spent money to just get food poisoning." Too slow. 25 min to get dessert to go at 10:30pm. Don't see any food coming out of kitchen. So they are not too busy making food. Terrible service and terrible dry food I wouldn't recommend!  I don't know how they are still open! Literally I am going to Taco Bell where I can spend $5.00 and be much happier and better experience.  and very passive aggressive. After we waited over 30 mins for our food she handed out food to us purposely allowing the smoke to go in our faces. When we asked for boxes because we were upset she just said okay and walked away with out asking if anything was wrong. After waiting another 5 mins "Nice place. Not fine dining of course. Clean environment  & happy employees. Had a good time & can't beat the prices for the portions & quality. I know everyone is a critic & wants $1 well drinks or giant kids meals  you have to wonder how a location with consistently bad reviews seems to get occasional 5 stars. Shill much maybe?" If you love frozen food come here and eat... One star for great customer service and one star for my strawberry lemonade drink .... everything else is tastelessssssss...  the girl that was responsible for bringing out out order was rude. She brought me the ticket and then went and complained to another employee about how much she hated working there. Once she looked over and saw how irritated I was I've been coming to this location for two three years... Always clean and never too hot or cold....I usually sit at the bar so don't know the servers well but bar staff are all cool.... Some of the old timers are gone but still a few I recognize.... I used to love the sirloin but this last time a lil too chewy for my style....  They usually have five or six diff draft beer options with one or two taps rotating... They have summer shandy as the only seasonal right now....... All time fave dessert is the Blondie and always will be This place is by far the worst Applebee's ever dirty smells like a MacDonald's play place awful food and even worse service never again will I eat here and I like apple bees but this one was bad food made be feel sick and nothing was remotely clean menus had greesy hand prints on them and on and on. BTW the waitresses are not attractive and that's a must to top it off . Waiter is ok. Food is bad. Cold food and waited forever till anyone came to get our drink order. Worst experience.  the couple next to us had to return their chicken. I guess the cooks like everything rare!"  I mean 5 little pieces... BBQ spiced fries served as regular fries with a spice to pour over? Showed the waiter my burger NO ACTON! BOO HOO." I ordered a mild chicken wings and I got spicy. I ordered medium stake and got well done. I waited for a while for my food. The food did not taste good at all. The only reason I came here was because of their 2 for $20 special which was all chicken--portions are mediocre! I will think again before I go back to Applebee's." I was very disappointed with the food.  The theme for the lunch was dry. The Mac and cheese was...dry.  The chicken was...dry. The wings were...dry.  I don't know if it was leftovers reheated from last night or if they mass cooked the standard dishes in the morning and kept them on the heater. "Great server but when I come in with a toddler I expect a children's menu. I asked twice and never got one. There were 5 tables at the time in the restaurant. I get it  great people for the sit down. The car side to go? Not so much. Very slow  the chips were the kind you bit from the store. Salsa was soo small there was no point. I then ordered the classic burger. It was pretty burnt even though I said medium rare. Had no bacon and it just looked a hot mess! Fries were small portion and soggy. Definitely the last time coming here. Such a shame."  nothing good but the good intentions of the server (Ben) he was the only good in between all the horrible experience."  the brownie we ordered looked like 1) someone had cut a piece off for themselves before putting it in the container and 2) it had been left out for a long time. Also the disappointing amount of ice cream was melted in the 3 minutes it took us to get home because the To Go server put the hot food on top of the dessert container... common sense people.. I sent an email to corporate  but the pleasant atmosphere was almost worth the $25." I am going keep this one short I do wish they gave more and were less stingy but oh well I mean its a sports bar and the prices are mid priced so they pull one over us." Typically Applebees. Friendly service however if you order bar drinks it usually takes a while. I love their lunch specials and the 2 for $20 or $25. "Usually great service. Not going to lie usually they mess up my order but are willing to fix it with no attitude that's The only reason I go back. Food is good My husband and I had lunch there today  my friend jalapeo mango margarita was warm and tasted solely of mango pure. Then the food took 30 mins plus and when it arrived it was cold Service was great all in all. Food came out within 10 minutes. Waitress constantly stopped by and made sure we were doing okay. Will stop by again!" I try to avoid this place as much as possible." The damn waitress just horible! I will be giving this place another shit since my daughter picked this place for her bday. Hopefully we get good service and my daughter enjoys herself.  but our server was what made our experience great!"  and underwhelming service. I'll never go back to this location ever again. I gave it 2 tries  but it was nice to not see them around. They were actually wearing uniforms this time and seemed like they cared about the customers. I don't know what the manager did "Really good happy hour prices! Open late so that's a plus Drinks are stiff and relatively cheap.  There's usually always a free table to sit at and the clientele is varied and friendly.  Not the best of CenPho but not the worst  and has one of the hugest song lists in town from which to choose.  They have also recently added a 1960s British mod dance night on Wednesdays." This place has a little bit of an edge to it. If that's what you're into and you're just looking for a spot to grab a beer with a buddy  but otherwise it's definitely worth a try." They occassionally host cool events or concerts here and I highly recommend dropping in on days like those  its one of those places where you get some drinks in for 2-3 hours  they really need to shell out the dough for that." The fish and chips is where it's at. The coleslaw is pretty much the best i have ever had. The shepherds pie is excellent as well. The best pub food in Phoenix by far.  but worth it.  I ordered the Shepherds Pie (delicious comfort food!) and my friend ordered the fish and chips (likewise tasty!).  Massive beer selection I'm realizing now that I need to come up with a formula for my reviews so they are more uniform and aren't so chaotic. Basically  is actually from Britain and mingles with the customers as if he was welcoming him into his own home. Be sure to check out the jukebox - it's one of the best I've seen!" 4 stars - based on a first experience. I say that's pretty damn good. I'll definitely be back. (NOTE: I went back...the next night! And I had just as great - if not a better - time at G&D. Bonus! I heard real British accents!)"  I think we've covered it all. Now just wait 'til that blasted construction is finished..." Veggie pasty. Old Peculiar. HP Sauce. A side of darts. Try and get those things together anywhere else in Phoenix. I dare you. 'Nuff said. Don't forget to try the fried pickles!"  darts and good beer.  The food is typical bar food with an English flavor to it.  The crowd is always a mix  but the fun factor still is there. I've never had a bad time. If singing and drinking isn't your thing  one of the best places to meet up with friends for dinner and drinks." Want a great place to catch up with some out-of-town friends without being annoyed?  Go to George & Dragon!  Great vibe  another restaurant (there may even be two or three) in the greater Phoenix metropolitan area  the G&D is for you.  The best English Pub in the valley in my mind."  shepherd's pie and of course sherry trifle dessert. Cool place to play darts and socialize and mingle. The staff is friendly and atmosphere great. Love their beer selection  this is a fun lively place with an orgasmic selection of beers and a wonderful atmosphere. It will NEVER be London  ""G&D"" is sent in a mass text message on any of the 6 nights I drink." If you can get past the creepers that haven't been laid in centuries and the distinct feeling that one or more of the waitstaff has probably been smoking meth all day I suggest you check it out. Just make sure you bring an escort ladies." "We ended up there on Saturday night after a fabulous dinner and some pre drinking. We were met with friendly faces and an awesome waitress. She was the type of waitress that could anticipate what you would want to drink and never kept us waiting. It is a very chill  I'm going to stick to drinking (I'll gladly have another of those Bloody Marys) and then after a few drinks ..and thus continues our quest for a great fish and chips meal served in a great setting.  Any reco's?  We've been to McCormick and Schmick's and Rula Bula; both weren't good enough for her.  Please  I just don't know why other places seem to have such a hard time filling the demand."  great selection and really reasonable prices. I'll be back."  maybe being outside is good because then you don't have to have your clothes soak in the INTENSE cigarette smoke that has lingered in this joint for many years.  Oh  and it shows.  There is a ton of authentic paraphernalia decorating these walls.  Plenty of British ales as well.  It's the standard to which I compare all British pubs in the valley." 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg Maybe I will come back with ""What Odor?"" in hand and we can have a fresh beginning."  as well.  Good place for a pint of your favorite English ale or stout." All in all a very worthwhile place to snag a bite to eat and a pint - and play pool "So many reviews so I'll keep it short. I really enjoyed this place I would soooo go here often if I lived closer Would go back but not during a night time crush.  Maybe when MLS season starts up."  losing 2 whole stars for degraded service?  I went in again recently after about a year hiatus and I was unfortunately reminded.  Go for the drinks  but who eats at a place like this anyway? It's a funbar!"  the fish 'n chips are decent but not great and if nothing else it is great that both are under ten bucks. Drinks are decently priced and they have real gingerale. (mhhh wiskey ginger) The owner either used to do tons of coke or still does because he is always frenetically bouncing around the bar talking a mile a minute to his regulars. I have been here on new years The only thing I would criticize is the service. They usually have one or two waitresses working the whole pub and if you're not sitting at the bar It lost a star because of the somewhat questionable parking lot which made me feel kinda uncomfortable during the walk out If I hadn't been riding the rail several more years could have gone by before re-visiting so the rail should help some of the restaurants over time."  the staff is always super nice and able to keep up with the orders from our table.  Just before the countdown begins the staff passes out champagne and party favors to everyone in the bar!  We've never had a bad experience here and plan to continue our tradition for years to come!!" This pub is a great place to hang out with old friends or make new ones."  they do a reverse happy hour starting at 11 pm with 2 for 1 well drinks. I love the laid back vibe of G&D and the booths look comfy  big booths and the eclectic group of patrons.  Some still seem like they are stuck in the 80's listing to their metal bands but hey that is why I like living downtown because you see all types which is cool."  but we were thirsty and wanted beers as well so our service fell short there too. I was told that a good time to go is in the evening and not to sit at the bar. I'll try that if I ever visit G&D again." Good french dip. Great bloody mary.  pleasant but kinda slow .For the food  2.5  rounded down to 2 because It's really not OK  to have two main dishes fall so far short of pub food."  I am sick and tired of hearing the owner of this place bitch and moan about the lightrail being a detriment to his business.  I don't know how you can say that when the place is packed on a Sunday afternoon with no sporting events going on." And this place reeks of British wanna-bes and malt vinegar.  I think I even saw the reflection of the Queen Vic in the pool or urine out back!" *** I think it would be swell if we organized a daily UYE to help each other through this beer challenge. Even if it's only done during happy hour (4-7) after work Had to bump G&D up to an A-ok status. My advice: Don't sit at the bar. Get a table where a cool waitress will help you even when it's crazy busy! Bumped up one star due to better service!  although I haven't made much of a dent in my card because I never go.  Supposedly they have quiz night on Thursdays which might cause me to up my star rating..." I always like the shepards pie but there are lots of tasty things about and some of them are hard to find outside of Britain. (Try the scotch egg if you feel adventurous)."  and the british expats that hang around the bar make it that much more convincing.  I'm confident that the incident we had with service was just that ""an incident"" and it's possible the waitress was just spread thin or stressed.  I'm confident our next visit will be fine  and I have seriously never had better (even in the UK). It's perfect with cheese & HP sauce. You just can't get any better than George & Dragon on Central." 3.5 rounded down to 3.  Hey that's one better than prior."  but on the flip side I've enjoyed much more inspired fare in CA - not just the U.K."  we had a veggie pasty and the crust was nice & flaky but the stuffing of the pasty was tasteless Go when there are good sports on for the rowdy atmosphere  decent service. Nothing stands out just ok. The owner is a goof ball and trys to hit on every women in the place."  our server brought back two and had to be reminded that we were expecting a third. This meant everybody ate while one poor sod in our group had to wait patiently for his order to be placed (again). Fortunately [[Eaaawwwwwe Eaaawwwwwe]]" air conditioned. I really wanted to like this place but it just wasn't good. I liked the atmosphere other than the bathroom.. I could drink here but wont eat here again." I love the cranky old man owner.  He's a Man U fan so he's even better!  Go Red Devils!"  but after he leered at me and made lewd comments about my boobs..I don't know.  I suppose it would be fine if I brought a man friend along as opposed to my usual girl troop Sorry for the pic post Nathan S  or a busy night for that matter.  I guess unless you are a regular the bartenders don't pay much attention to the rest of the customers.  Location sucks unless you are at an event at Steele Indian School Park or maybe doing a light rail pub crawl.  Too far away from Downtown and not close enough to Camelback(Midtown).  Not a must see I ate the potato skins which were pretty good and had some great 4 Peaks Kiltlifter beer.  Cheap tab and a USA win good way to spend a Saturday night." I love pubs in general and would definitely go back any time."  not for the atmosphere." The location is lose to a rail station with just a short walk."  it's really awesome and the owners are knows to mingle with the crowed My friends and I dropped by the George the other night as one of our Holiday Bar Crawl stops along the light rail. They had a live band playing Totally come here. Me and my friends will probably be there too."  just menus.  Our booth faced the bar and the bartenders looked at us a few times but never sent anyone over to our table. Could I have asked for our server?  Sure.  But by this point I knew I wasn't spending a dime here and wanted to see how long it would take someone to come over to us so I could tell what I thought of their service.  Finally we receded please tear this place down. "I've only been here once and it was OK. If you're into the English pub scene  and the beer is cheap. I would recommend that people should check this place out and if you do you won't be disappointed." "I love the Pub! I don't get there very often any more but I wish I could! Trivia Night (Thursdays) is a blast! They have a Great Beer Selection "This is my kinda place.   Nice casual place with good food and good beer.  Not to mention it is walking distance from the Central/Indian School lightrail station.  I stopped in here on a whim while spending a Saturday on the lightrail ( I made good use of my day pass).  I had also read at one time this pub served Scotch Eggs  the only decent place to hang out in the NorthCentral Phoenix area." There's 1 bathroom for girls. No stalls. If someone's in there you'll have to wait your turn. At least it wasn't filthy & smelly."  all the decor...cause it's never been cleaned/dusted since 1995."  you'll probably have a good time here.  The food's not frou-frou and ""foodie"" - it's just good.  My favorite bar in Phoenix - no place I'd rather get pissed."  nothing special at all.    I think this place could have been a lot better if we had better service and were in the bar area which is clearly the ""cool"" part." A perfect place to enjoy a cold pint with friends in a cozy pub without an over the top cheezy ye-olde-England theme. I love the fact that they serve *several* different types of hard cider and $3.00 Jgerbombs all the time. Our waitress was super nice and I'll be back sometime for the food. Thanks for the service on quite a spirited day!"  as many have pointed out and I thought the food was pretty good."  and to me a frosty Kronenbourg. After a few pints were knocked back we hit the billiards at a mere .50 cents a game. Then after more pints we opted for something to sop up the beer and ordered servings of fish and chips. The beer battered cod was among some of the biggest filets-o-fish I have ever eaten. Delicious and meaty the succulent white fish and fat thumb sized chippies were the ideal order after several pints of beer  as was the peas that came with it.  My husband and daughter split the Shepard's Pie and they both loved it.  Great beer as well.  I saw some other customers with the fish and chips and they looked great-I think next time that will be what I get.  The decor was aged and a little dusty  the trivia is fun but they don't even know what  crown float is.  This is an English pub you say?  Pshaw." Great surprise. The steak pie was awesome! Have been to this place twice and the experience was the same. I personally don't get what draws people to this place. It's got a bit of a negative vibe. The staff is not friendly or service oriented and it's dirty. Great location for a light rail pub crawl - I think it just might not be our crowd. Huge wings!  Delish!  Great beer selection. Good environment. If you are reading this you've probably already been there so this is nothing new. A great place to hang out and chill with peeps after work. The fish and chips is kinda pricey but the restaurant gave great portion of the fries and I was able to share with friends. G&D had a great selection of beer and my fave is the Kilt Lifter. Love it! I like the G&D but the staff has been changing for the worse. Last night was the first night I could confirm that the staff there is costing the owner money. If I had no regard for the establishment then I would just stop going there and never take the time to write this review.  I'll be back in a few months to see how things are going..." I'm definitely coming back here to play darts and watch rugby. Maybe I'll even try their fish and chips. I wonder though...do Brits really hang out here?"  chain smoking with friends and people watching but the George has lost it's charm for me. My purse was stolen the one and only time I didn't bring it with me to the bathroom. I did leave it with a group of dudes thinking it would be safe but no. I've seen three arrests out front. One time these junkie looking dudes were licking each other's hands in front of the patio until the cops came. I've seen a girl pee her pants INSIDE the bathroom and then proceed to slip on the sidewalk which was wet from the misters nearly cracking her head open. Many  all hail the queen! cheerio."  music is good and is good watering hole for when you feel the need to catch up with your mates.   Just don't look too closely at the carpets...." 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg "Where else would you go to get Corn Beef and Cabbage on St. Patricks Day.  Love it  and fantastic wings (spicy and tart). Plus the kitchen is open late.  This is a great place to spend the evening throwing back beers with good friends!"  good happy hour.  Come for Thursday trivia night if you want to meet people." I really want to give this local gem a chance but I was not too pleased with my last experience.  Some friends and I had planned to attend the Beerfest in Phoenix.  The rain drove us to wait it out at George & Dragon's.  Unfortunately the staff were not prepared for the amount of customers that would hid from the rain that day.  As I could see there was one bartender and one waitress.  We couldn't get a drink or even order food.  After patiently waiting for 20 minutes we left this establishment and headed to another local pub.  I've heard so many great things about this place but this day I left very disappointed. Valerie is a great BTW and one of the most consistent staff."  a good place to start off a night or hang out for a game.  Would not go for more than a happy hr type venture."  but everyone seemed to be having fun. They had tvs playing the basketball game and the place was pretty busy at around 8:30 when we went there. We ordered a couple beers (I got a Hef and he got a black velvet I think.... cider and Guinness) and we ordered a shepherd's pie and some fries. The beers were good and the food was really tasty. It was exactly what I wanted but didn't know I wanted. The shepherd's pie is really mashed potato -y and the meat is really tasty.... very flavorful. The pie is huge too so I wouldn't think twice about sharing it. After that he got a jameson and ginger ale and I got a couple shots- a buttery nipple (the best shot) and an orgasm shot (ok... not as good as the other). The BF's drink was huge... like a pint of whiskey. Anyway and i love the fact that a portrait of the Queen is in the main dining room.                                        The decor is very British. I am not a Drinker however  so I guess YMMV. I think I would have liked it more if the service was better and the drinks were up to par." My team lost an ugly one and it spoiled my day a bit but I was happy to have made my first visit to George & Dragon.  It will not be my last.  With easy access to light rail I plan on being back soon.  Cheers!"  and always greet you warmly when you arrive! The food is traditional English pub fare: the fish and chips and the bangers and mash are HIGHLY recommended! I hear the wings are pretty good  but would go back to check that out.  Best part is that they are so close to the lightrail I'll probably go back for the Cornish Pasty and also cause men actually FLIRTED with me there  its their turn...but then the host started singing songs and kept picking ""random"" chicks to sings songs...ok...now its getting weird.  Then when we saw the person that signed up right before us go up and then one of the same ""three"" girls and then the host ""randomly"" pick again.....we got pissed of and were ready to leave.  We were pissed and cashed out.  Then when we told the karaokee host that he was an ass and that we had been waiting over 2 hrs and were pissed  it isn't too much more than that. I really wish the service was a little better - the waitstaff and bartenders always seem a bit grumpy to me  LOL! Me? I stuck to Guinness by the pint and had the Cornish pasty and sausage roll - both delectable but kind of small for the $6 price tag. It's a pub in every essence of the word - they have free darts (that's right  but I really like the food.   I took my Dad here for Father's Day lunch and really enjoyed our meal.  The iced tea was fresh and my cornish pastie was really delicious.  I wish I had one now.  My Dad's steak and mushroom pie looked really good too.  Also  and booze but I got to say that the service is hit and miss. There are 2 servers that are polite and most the rest aren't happy to be there. Sometimes there attitude goes hand in hand with the quality of service. I will continue to eat and drink there though the service is hit and miss."  loves the food as it takes him back to his memories of England.  The service is good and the people are always friendly!  The Blackberry and Apple crumble is the best!  Be sure to save room for that dessert!" "Great English pub in the middle of Phoenix.  The fish and chips meal is delicious.  Also  why go to a bar? I have had great luck here. This place is everything that I would expect an English pub to be. They have many beers (an amazing amount) and when I went there "Great place for traditional English Pub Food. They put on lots of fun events to celebrate various British holidays Late nights can get a little loud and rowdy but otherwise its a fun and relatively clean establishment. Cant wait to go again!"  but it wasn't a very pleasant experience.  It's like she can't be bothered and perform her job in pleasant manner.  Why employ anyone like that?  Last time I checked 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg tve9aUdKff_CWW-6fn1T1A  but again the fries stayed on the plate. Our wait staff was non existent. She never bothered to check on us once. We had to stand up to show that we were ready for our check...that really didn't work so our friend had to track her down. Plan to ask for your check well ahead of time as they do not value your time. I guess we are the idiots for trying the place again but really you might get em on a bad day so give them the benefit of the doubt and try em again. Well twice was WAY more than I will be spending there. I know they have a lot of regulars and maybe these folks are fine with the usual horrible AZ customer service and crappy food. I for one It doesn't matter how I spend my day I am a big fan of this place and try to make it there once a weekend.  I rarely miss a Trivia night on Thursdays.  Highly recommend hitting up the G&D "The drinks are so weak here that I had to order a vodka shot to put in my vodka martini and a whiskey shot to put in my whiskey sour. It tasted like water before. Any liquor drinks taste like watered down juice. And they aren't cheap drinks Cheap drinks! and it wasn't even happy hour! SCORE! Seriously. I thought this place was a Chinese food place due to the name. I had no idea it was actually a Pub. My mistake. I was here this past Saturday celebrating a friends birthday and we enjoyed ourselves. Between people watching and just talking about everything (and I do mean everything) plus the drinks were cheap. What more can a girl ask for? I will definitely be back here again! Treated very well here every time none the less."  pop in on a trivia night so you can listen to the host demean the guests with some clever snide remarks and give yourself an entertaining diversion for a night.  Who knows good food d prices but not to hefty om the portions I like it though. Food is good!" We will definitely be making this place a regular stop." The wait staff was a little crabby but besides that I had an awesome first time experience there.  or are friends with the owner. They would be doing a better service to be honest and get him to make the changes necessary to turn the restaurant/bar into a place people want to come back to. If changes aren't made This place is always a good time."  we would have stayed the entire night and finished up the game. A couple of my friends did end up ordering dinner from the menu. I have to say that the fish looked delish! The only downfall to this place is that it does get a little loud during the busy nights and the sound system can be a little better for those who are trying to listen to the trivia questions (on Thursday). Overall  food and prices but a god awful sewer smell permeated the entire place!" Too much good fun.......can't wait for the next one!!!!!" "The best place in town to watch European football (soccer for locals). I would rate it with 5 stars but the food is just tasteless Still G&D is a great place! .. I will order something different next time."  fresh vegetables (which are hard tom find even in upscale places) and it's got the classic pub feel  with cool atmosphere!" "The fish and chips tasted very good. The problem was that the bar was on the grimey side and the food was not fresh. The corn that came as a side was definitely not fresh I would be willing to wager was frozen. The staff was polite but hard at work trying to obtain good tips from regulars and everyone else was 2nd class. I would return "Would have given it zero stars. The waitress was awful. Completely forgot about us Good Food! PLEASE get some new Tv's Not a good place for NFL Sundays! I've sampled the fish and chips and Shepard's pie and have not been disappointed.  Service has been good A great place to start or finish your night in Central Phoenix."  seems like a few pros show up and put on quite a show.  If you are looking for a bar atmosphere that is a lot of fun  dark British pub with friendly staff and cold drinks. I like the dart boards and pool tables. The patio looking onto Central would be cool if it wasn't always filled with smokers. Don't bother dressing up or expecting to see pretty people here. You go to drink! G&D was my best guess for a friend who wanted to watch early-morning Chelsea games as he does at pubs in San Diego "Love coming here for team trivia night on Thursdays.  They have Guinness on tap  sweetest bar owner I have ever met! Each time my girlfriends and I go here he is always greeting us and sits down and chats! My favorite night is trivia nights on Thursday evenings. It's always fun to test you and your friend's random knowledge. The best part is  solid place that is very comfortable and you are guaranteed a good meal.  Good parking  pretty sure it was for St Joe's hospital. The corn beef and cabbage was flavorless deli corn beef. (no seasoning...) The wife had seasonless fish and chips. Better hiring and training will fix all this. So why the 3 stars after all this? Great live music and a well poured Guinness is worth something. ;)" Love this Pub! The Shepherds Pie and bread pudding is AWESOME! Plenty of beer on tap and available. This place has that home town around the corner feel. My only complaint with this bar is that if you are female the waitresses tend to take their time serving you! Otherwise I dig the joint! The food is fine - it's bowling alley food and I'm okay with that.  But the service was inexcusable." I received a very nice email from the manager addressing our unsatisfactory experience.  I always appreciate when managers/owners care enough to reach out to an unhappy customer.  I will definitely give G&D another shot.  but the food was ""meh.""  For an English pub the fish and chips were average at best. The service was very poor because they were too busy and had little staff. The waitress was overwhelmed  and neither person acknowledged we were even there. It would have been a totally different experience had someone at least greeted us and let us know it would just be a minute. Unfortunately  with a thin crispy batter. The chips... a little to soft. Overall pretty good. Looks like a great place to catch a soccer game. English style food."  that I have ever had in my entire live. It is layered with awesomely goodness. I like that it is a dark Stopped in here on a whim and was pleasantly suprised!  This is a great bar with great food.....try the scottish egg!  The bartender sat and told me about other sites in thePhoenix area that I should go check out!  Very friendly place.  I will be returning !  possibly the best fish and chips I've had in the States."  the food is hit or miss. I have had the fish & chips 2 times and it was good but the coleslaw that came with it was horrible. The other times I had just a pub burger and it was nothing special. I've been able to catch a few of the bagpipe acts here and it's cool to see. They have darts and a pool table. Overall it's a cool place to come have a drink." I love G&D because it's not at all pretentious. It's just a comfortable place where you can come hang out Absolutely fun place to hang out. Good beer. Good food...except avoid the coleslaw. They had live music when we were there. I've never been to England or Europe but I'd imagine this is what it's like. Fun people fun atmosphere fun times.  the chips were nice and hot too. The wife had steak and kidney pie which she said was perfect . They have a great selection of beer and liquor . Would absolutely go back again next time we see a Dbacks game."  I'd like to give George and Dragon another shot. Maybe another item on the menu will be better on the palate!" "Basically a no frills pub.  It's been here forever and they're unapologetically unpretentious.  If you're looking for fine dining or exquisite presentation you're in the wrong place.  But if you want some decent pub grub  and friendly staff. We've been coming here for Thursday trivia for a few months now. It's a great place to get together with friends! The crowd is a nice mix and it's definitely not a pretentious place."  and it's a good place to relax without being around a huge crowd. If you stop in Sit in the main part of the restaurant - be ready for a bit of loud music / noise.  Enjoy the decor and eat some good pub food."  and wasn't even cooked long enough to make the breading crisp.  It was just too heavy.  I wish the breading was thinner and crisper.  This is why I rated only a three.  It makes me wonder about the rest of the dishes.  Maybe I'll get another chance to eat here again." Good food. Staff is really nice. Erica she was a little snotty but over all a good place to be. Good vibes for the most part. They have karaoke and pool too. Cool place.  food is excellent every time. What more could you ask for? It feels like home. Home sweet pub."   you can barely tell. The fish was flaky and juicy and the batter was crisp and flavorful. The chips were soft on the inside and crisp on the outside so they were obviously cooked at the perfect temperature.  Service was of the top I've been here a handful of times over the years for dinner.  Had no clue they had a weekend brunch menu.  I think I was the only one that  ordered off the regular menu in our group.  Based on comments no one went away unhappy with their choices.  Our waitress had never worked opening shift before but did a great job.  The place is getting a little worn but it fits.  I am sure I'll end up here again. 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg  I've been here before and know it can take some time to get your food; other than that this place is great. Divert ask me about their alcohol though My fianc and I love George and dragon! We live down the street and ride our bikes there a lot. The owner is very friendly and the bartender is excellent! Try the honey siracha wings they are to die for. Some of the best fish and chips around. The potato skins are a god send after drinking for 3 hours straight. Everyone who comes here seems to be a regular  must be a good sign on a Sunday night. The waiter was very friendly. We  had to try the fish and chips...outstanding. Not greasy and you actually get fish instead of gready batter with a little fish. Drinks were good and strong. The owner was there and came by to greet our table. After ready some previous post on Yelp Great food... Can not even explain the enjoyment from the Greek pizza! So delicious in my mouth! And the Guiness promo! The boyfriend got free glasses! AND for the desert... Berry cobbler... YUM! Just moved from beach area CA... So not biased! Please enjoy this place?  we came back to meet with friends almost a year later and service was slightly more decent. For mediocre bar food and bare minimum service that I usually have to flag down or jump straight to the bar for. I don't see all the hype in my own personal experience and that totally bums me out given that I like the atmosphere and location so much and so do many of my friends/coworkers. We still go here out of convenience and a quick beer occasionally but I can't seem to get the bad taste out if my mouth. Bummersville." Avoid this place.  Terrible service.  Enough said." There food is really good! Affordable and great food! We live right behind the pub and just walk right over!! Great service and probably one of the best Fish and chips!! Also their shepherds pie is pretty good! It's A really nice English pub. Makes me feel like I'm back in the UK. Clean. Plenty of space. Friendly staff. Restrooms clean. Good food. Great beer. Felt real welcome. Lots of parking. User friendly.  or eating on the floor. If he was a busser then it would have been nice to see him clear more than one table he did. And I most certainly hope it was not his stringy long hair that we found in the fish and chips "My favorite bar ever! Live right down the street and I've been going here for past year  and lots of space. It's a nice neighborhood bar. Cheers! :)"  and football scarves and flags adorn the walls. We sat in a booth and I ordered a burger while my wife tried a veggie curry. I wasn't impressed with the grub but it was cheap so can't complain. People come here to drink anyway Loved it and the owner was great.  Can't wait to go back." "The food is bland which I guess is to be expected since it is English.  However  it's not too loud to have a conversation. The beer selection is good and the drinks are strong so I felt I got my money's worth if your into pubs it's a good place." This is a very nice place to chill and hang out watch sports. They have full service bar and lots tables for large groups. I hear it gets crowded for sport games and on them weekend. Always friendly good service and casual environment to chat and talk. Great food & beer selection. Fun staff. very authentic looking bar. Their lunch specials are really good too.  Good place to watch sporting events. Highly recommend.  you can grab a nice refreshing drink and make your way to the park festivals available at Indian Steele Park. My favorite drink to order is the cucumber vodka and soda. I think this is the only bar that has cucumber vodka This place was not bad. Their draft milk stout was delicious and we ordered chips that were quick and tasty. The bartender Jen? Is a sweetheart. Will return.  takes a bit longer to get the ball rolling than needed." My test for the quality or likability of a restaurant has to do with would I return to the place and I have to say that this is one place I probably would return to solely with a large group of people who just want to hang have a little fun relax enjoy the atmosphere. You'll notice and some of the other reviews Thursday night is trivia night and the owner went through about 30 reasonably tough questions of succeeding difficulty. It's just kind of fun in the background with conversation and play while the rest of the crowd disappears in the background."  the owner is miserable and the food is terrible. It's amazing they have been in business this long." The four of us were the only ones in the bar and the manager cane out and told us to stop cussing and bring our voices down. We were literally the only ones in the bar. I just don't get it. Did he hate the gays? He for sure did not appreciate the business we brought him. Never going back again. Such a shame. I want to select zero stars but this app won't let me.  and great food and beer. This was a phenomenal first experience  it was alright. I didn't think it was amazing There are just too many places to go in Phoenix to need to go here. Beware of what you will get here."  but still good. Fries were a bit boring. I'd probably go back to try some of their traditional English Pub Food  who was also the bartender was very helpful and friendly. Made me a great bloody mary and I ordered the stuffed meatloaf. It was fantastic. Definitely going to be stopping in again."  but it was pretty good. I'll go back to find out how good is their fish and chips." 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg Came here while traveling through Phoenix a while back.  I got the pasty.  It came with some English sides.  I also used ketchup like a yooper.  Great dish.  Had the milk stout on tap.  Great choice.  noisy & filled with drunks playing cards including the owner. The food is equally terrible. There are just too many good places to waste time and money here. If you encounter the owner you will be surprised and very sorry." I guess see you again tomorrow...." great food ESP Sunday roast. brings a little bit of home to phoenix.  GREAT BEER and friends can be found here  I pass the George & Dragon all the time.  I've noticed there are always people out front on the porch (so it seems petty popular.)  My 90 year old grandma was visiting around Christmas and we stopped in for lunch one day.  This was intentional since she is from England and I wanted to take her to an ""authentic British pub"" to see what she thought.  She absolutely loved the fish and chips and I had the BLT which was awesome - curly bacon is the best!  We both enjoyed it a lot and Gram said the decor reminded her of the pubs in England.  A few days later we decided to go back for the roast dinner on Sunday and everything was great.  The server was very nice and attentive We will definitely be making this place a regular stop." Dive bar in the most unflattering sense---horrible service--bad food----owner with a bad attitude---Need I say more?  chill vibe. Nothing too special or excellent about the place besides their bloody Mary's  and restaurant does nothing about it at all Maybe all us ethic people should visit this british pub to make it feel authentic like it is in England with a lot of ethnic people."  he's kind of awesome."  and the manager left in the middle to take care of business. We were here on a Sunday and it was not that busy."  ask for water( just tap water nothing else.) It was cleared by one of the owners. They said they would fill up our two little water containers for a community event that I was working for.  It was a happy day the two of us from the event went in as happy as can be. When we got in my parter said ""hello"" we got ignored by one bar tender and one waitress. So we waited until they where ready to notice. Then the bar tender said just take a seat we will be with you. That's when we explain our purpose for the visit. The said no we don't know what your talking about. They rolled there eyes at us and just said we don't know anything. I said "A cool pub serving authentic English dishes. Order up a pint "Come every time I visit from England good little bar that gives it a good go. Great atmosphere plenty of drinks on tap and friendly staff  overall I love this place.  I will become my new bar in the future.  I will always recommend this place to my friends and co workers" "Always a good time here. The food is consistently good and the staff is awesome. Shout out to Laura  I love this place. The ladies that drink here might not always be aplenty nor top quality (aside from the staff) but it's my base now and I'm at home when I'm here. Keep 'em comin'."  it's old and kind of broken but I wouldn't change a thing." Keep up the awesome work!" I would suggest if you're not familiar with this business or it's business practices My favs are shepherds pie and the bangers & mash. Still need to try the fish & chips.. Heard it's amazing." "Nice environment. Waitress was awesome. Food was delicious. Had their zucchini sticks. Fish and chips Most authentic British Pug you can get in the Valley. Been going here for years and love it!  it's was a little too dark and damp and the menu was very limited and a little overpriced.  Seems like a good place to watch a soccer game Great for groups. The bloody Marie's are amazing! The atmosphere is great. It's a loud place but that's what I expect from a pub! So will come back!. 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg  go to the bar and wait. Awesome. Because why would I want to cone back to this. I shouldn't have to Google all the beer just to find something the slurp. The hostess didn't even know what the beers were. How can you work here every night and not know. Won't be back." Seems like management is non existent. Too bad. Supported this place quite a lot during the light rail construction. Show some love GD." "It's fine. Kind of a dive but it's cozy and quiet on weekdays. Service was nice. Food was just average: some of the meat was dry and flavorless Place was fine. Was a busy night. Started by getting drinks at the bar but ended up sitting at a high table. None of the waitresses asked if we needed anything such as food or refills. We didn't but it would have been nice to have been checked on. We were there for drinks and to relax. We will probably try it again.  when I have a craving for a scotch egg I'll be here in a heart beat." Side notes - who messages on Yelp Somewhat of a hole in the wall bar but located on central." A popular and busy pub on a Saturday night. A young crowd mostly men watching sports and drinking beer. However we were an older group there for the food. My fish and chiips was a generous but tasteless plate of heavily battered fish and chips. Would not recommend the food. 3xEB9FyFXolq1b_Qn_BFtg  baseball and football when we were there on a Sunday afternoon.  The place wasn't busy at around 3:00 pm.  We sat in a comfy booth and had their wonderful sampler platter  wings and beer. Always chill and dart machines!" You should post a rainbow flag outside. The women there tonight were more masculine than the men. Good fish though.  I love pubs and this is the type of ""Cheers"" atmosphere that I could get accustomed too. Casey was our waitress and she was great  and great drinks. Had mozzarella sticks for happy hour and it was very disappointing. Besides that most things are good." This is a fine English pub! The shepherd's pie is delicious and the bangers and mash are spot on! I recommend them highly! The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because the music can be much too loud. The atmosphere is great and the employees  are fantastic! Like I get it.. It's pub food but I have worked in many in the past that were better quality. Js.. I'm the most non picky and laid back person. It takes a lot for me to even write a review ."  too. She offered to get a manager so I could discuss it with them. I declined since I have better things to do with my day off than argue that the kitchen should know how to cook the special properly. I did Google Yorkshire  Pudding and looked at all the images just to prove to myself that I was right about the golden brown they're supposed to be. I left very disappointed that my first taste of something I'd waited so long to try was so subpar. All in all I was parked in the second spot from the street in front of a large Clever Koi sign two spots down from the George and dragon parking sign and apparently someone from Geoarge and Dragon called and had my car towed to 7th ave and happy valley road!!! George and Dragon sucks.  BTW the Geoarge and Dragon parking lot which is behind the bar was pretty much empty.  we popped next store to grab a quick lunch before they showed up (g&d's greasy menu did not sound appetizing). When our friends arrived not more than 20 minutes later and we walked back over to find George had towed our car from the parking lot!! We had full intentions of spending copious amounts of money in that dirty dive One of my local favorite watering holes with a good selection of beverages and homey food We came here for the first time. Came with the kids and another family. The kids had the French toast sticks and they were really good (our kids are picky eaters). Having just traveled in Great Britain I find this establishment an insult to Queen and Country. The men's restroom had a broken urinal Kind of a dive but it's always hopping.  Not my personal scene but drinks came fast and food was ok.  We had a huge bar hopping crowd and it's nice that it is so close to the light rail stop for a good time. "If I could give less I would. Cool spot unless you're a woman getting harassed by male patrons. The ""security"" won't do anything except pat them on the back and bro up. Not a place for woman to feel safe Fire your entire kitchen staff and start over  but it turned out to be an excellent lunch! The best part of the experience hands down was the staff. They were friendly and accommodating. It's great to have English fare in Phoenix!!!!"  so for me to mention and do this is a sign that it had a great impression on me. You can't go wrong! Give it a try if you're down for an authentic  my experience here was a nightmare. You will never catch me in that place again."  maybe she just was distracted. It's cool. I'm a mellow dude. I go in and ask if I can also place an order and all will be well in the world. Right? She's busy entering orders into the POS computer.  She says she'll be with me in a minute.  Ok. Cool. A couple walks up next to me at the bar. She'll be with them in a minute.  Ok. cool...so I now assume I'll place my order and head back outside and then the couple that walked up after me will place their order and all will be well in the world. Right? She takes their order first! I'm annoyed because I was there first and I just got done chasing her down and well ok what ever so long as I get to order. So I wait. Finally she acknowledges me  chill environment with better prices for sure on drinks and good food come here!!! I'll definitely come back....and I never Yelp about anything!!!!"  and the food we tried was fine. So this review is really about the ambience." "Went in after Bar Rescue. I thought the changes were great! In the past the service wasn't very good and on our trip the servers were really attentive and very knowledgeable. I had always thought that the food was okay for bar food "0 stars....We waited for over  40 minutes after the beer fest...two servers and no menu or water offered...could not find a server....not prepared...not good..  there is no possible way that many  people are allowed in that size space. The manager wouldn't even assist when we asked for our tab. I honestly feel for the employees of this terribly ran establishment and do not ever think anyone in our party of 5 will ever be back!" Only thing - I miss the old booths. The new tables are pretty wobbly. I won't take off a star for that though" "Slow service and $17 for a double Glenlivet during happy hour- the drink was obviously not a double and sat on the bar for 20 mins before being brought to our table  great batter on the fish and the cole slaw was really tasty. My friends had bangers and mash which they raved about.  Casey introduced us to the owner Dave ...they're very excited about the upcoming Bar Rescue show. The positivity exuded by all the staff made our visit very special. We're ready to go back again soon.." "This was a neat little place. We tried it last night for the first time.  Nice choice of beers and a full bar. The service was a little slow  this one is pretty bad. They have the worst service I've ever seen in a pub. Their food isn't much better. The only good thing I can speak that they do well is consistency.  They are consistency awful. Even with their new renovation it just feels like they polished a turd." One of my favorite spots in Phoenix has only been improved by their recent remodel. Definitely a place to check out if you're needing a beer or a bite. "We were interested in checking this place out again after the bar rescues hype. The curry was all sold out so I ordered the shepards pie. It was a huge portion of bland food. Also had the pretzel for an appetizer. The pretzel was obviously previously frozen and the cheese on the side was from a vat. Would not recommend. Fianc had a bland burger "Lovely authentic British Pub as it should be.Never miss a chance to go.God save the Queen and Cheers  I never realized that fish and chips could be so greasy. I needed Tums to help my heartburn. Maybe order something less fried if you choose this spot? Can't say much else "We've been going to G&D for a while now and always enjoy a low key time whether it be for happy hour and darts on a day off or a late night dinner after work. Staff is always great and the food is too. Last night I had the stuffed meat loaf and was blown away! I also really enjoy the wings! They were on Bar Rescue recently and honestly  kinda liked it because it was dive but the food is still good and most of the bartenders are pretty awesome and the owner is pretty fun so i guess its fine. Best wings EVA!" Really doesn't matter. I'm not coming back. damn shame." The food here is really good...the problem is the service. It wasn't very busy but we waited a very long time for our drinks and then even longer for the food. It got to the point where we wondered if we should leave or not because we had other places to be. We were there a little over an hour for just getting a bite to eat. Very awesome if you have the time and don't mind slow waiting. Prices are reasonable and food is DELISH! So is the IPA I also like the fish and chips and flaming chicken creole. They've revamped the menu Great atmosphere and cheap beer.  Owner is a great guy that has a lot of pride in his establishment and is very friendly.  Honey sriracha wings are delicious.  which are a fun time. I ordered an English kebab which was seasoned and tasty (English version of a gyro). My friend had ordered the Cornish Pastie and couldn't stop raving about it. Overall  not cold. Took about 20 minutes to get potato skins after we placed our order. When I complained about the flies around the food "Joe and I saw George and Dragon on Bar Rescue so we had to have lunch there to see if it was better than we remembered it. If you like English food  as well as some beer. I thought it was delicious compared to last time I was here! My friend enjoyed their food as well. I can't say anything about the mixed drinks because we didn't have any. But very good service and food! I will be back!" George and Dragon gets a solid C from me." Love this place and will continue to go! The honey siracha wings are amazing! Their beer is always great. Derek M. ""Blues Fan"""  the plate with the food on it came dirty and the order was wrong. The reason why they get only 2 stars is for poor customer service. The server wouldn't even smile. It almost felt like he could care less that we were there. He never checked on how the food was. We actually walked up to the bar to grab a pitcher of water and served ourselves. Never heard from him after that. We had to walk back up to the bar to pay for our meal as well. But Love the new changes and look however the service was poor. Very disappointed. Could be better  the food is very good. There is also an extensive desert menu & I truly recommend the apple crumble & custard. The prices are affordable & the staff is not only friendly but attentive and efficient as well. YAY! G&D!!"   I don't care what the TV show did to you. Everyone I know hates the fact that the booths are gone.  That is 30% of the reason I come there."  but I loved my first experience tonight. My party felt the same way and we'll be back."  outdoor seating...karaoke night on Mondays. Food is also so good" Tell us to grab any seat.. Friday 830p. Never come to take an order. Never will be back  but of the two comparable restaurants  took our drink and appetizer order and quickly disappeared. For quite awhile. Cue the Jeoporady theme music. Once our iced teas and the new appetizer (tuscan cheese bread extravangza) arrived we sipped and dipped. Not bad.Raspberry tea with an univited yet delighted visit by vanilla and the cheese spread was rich and yummy served with a spot of diced tomato  for a neighborhood chain restaurant  these guys have been at this location for over 8 years and they know what they are doing." cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg  but the greasy chips were a little too much. kinda funny that the buffalo wings weren't greasy at all. my fav's were the spinach dip and the wings. the spinach dip was served in a kettle pan and there were big chunks of artichoke in it. the chips tasted freshly made but were a little greasy for my liking.  i'll give them another try  he was very pleasant and efficient.  Staff over all was nice really  this particular Applebees kinda sucks on Karaoke Tuesday's because the d.j.'s aren't as entertaining as other d.j.'s at other Applebees. I was sad about that! But the host's are so damn nice  pleasantly surprised with the quality & price for a casual dining experience. Thank you Steph It seemed like the food took forever to come out to the table.  I don't think we were complicated just had a lot of people.  Applebees please staff your restaurant appropriately  but that made the atmosphere fun to me. The only down side was the wait to get in was at least 20 minutes to a half hour "Good for a cheap date. Food is okay  but every time i go there I feel the service is not that great the food always takes so long. I got a soup and salad lunchtime deal and it took like 15min which i know is not that long but for salad and soup?? They are never that busy but again the service is slow My first time ever eating at an Applebee's establishment was last Monday. Apparently the have happy hour here from 9-until close. We arrived around 9:30 so our margaritas were only 3 bucks. We also ordered off of the 550 calorie & under menu which consisted on us getting a steak or chicken variation. The food as well as the service was very good. I bought drinks for myself & a friend plus my food brought our bill to only $27. All in all a pretty nice experience for a casual restaurant.  I was pleased particularly with how busy it was."  I ate there on Wednesday and it is now Friday.  I have not had solid food or been able to keep anything down since I went there.  In an area that has so many great places don't go there.  Keep driving east on Camelback and hit one of the many other restaurants on that street."  i would return to this restaurant soon. Maybe during happy hour." Great happy hour prices on weekdays and friendly staff. Food is what you'd expect from an Applebee's. FYI:  Make sure you go you bring your own hand wipes.  The bathroom is nasty."  but not absolutely horrible. Their sirloin choices are perfect for when I want to keep the calories as low as I can at an Applebee's (I really should be going to Sweet Tomatoes next door "My first time going to Apple bees I was impressed with the setting and the food. It became my favorite restaurants afterwards. I especially love the Trio Appetizer. It's a great meal and at a good price. Their wings are the best. Their fries are excellent. The service there is pretty good and most of them are friendly. I like Applebee because of their food  I don't know these fancy drink names. I told her what it was and that it's been around forever. My wife ordered a frozen strawberry lemonade and got a regular. When ordering our food she laughed when I specified no poblano peppers or any spice. I ordered a weight watchers meal as I wasn't too terribly starving. When our food came she just assumed that my wife who is larger than I wanted the weight watchers. I was completely appalled. I spoke to the manager at once told her everything and explained we were leaving and I was paying for nothing. Next time I visit Phoenix this will not be where I go." Always a good place to come. I love happy hour as all appetizers are half off! Makes for a decent break on the wallet. Usually pretty pack especially on weekends. Come early!  and this one has a nice feel to it. I think overall they have fair prices and a good selection. I wish they wouldn't have changed their menu so much. They took away my all time favorite dessert  ice tea refilled on a constant basis. Very very good!" cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg "Decent for an  Applebees. Bartender was a somewhat overly flamboyant gay dude but he was ok. He seemed to stir up bar drama with the wait staff. Other patrons seemed to enjoy his drinks so whatever. It's applebees so the microwaved food is pretty predictable so stick with what you know. Patrons ran the entire spectrum to include an 85 year old white guy regular sitting at the bar gumming down a dry ass steak. This placed lived up to it's neighbood bar identity as I sat next to the aforementioned geezer i love this applebee's !!!! everyone is super friendly!  for dessert i recommend getting the blondie! so yummy Came here for a birthday party with about 13 of us from the office. Food was good and the price was right. I had the lunch combo with the 4 cheese Mac & cheese with bacon and honey pepper chicken and the California shrimp salad. Both were tasty. The best part though was the $.99 brownie bite with a tiny scoop of ice cream for dessert. Just the perfect size! Service was good especially considering how big our party was. If you decided to go to Applebee's for a late night snack.  You should try out the wings."  then 15 min after seated to get iced tea and water. Walked out after 20 more min and no sign of server or salads...."  I did just that and ended up with a rather dry and tasteless hamburger.  I was very disappointed to say the least."  we got up and left. All the host said was ""leaving already?"" Really?! He said it in a tone as if he wanted to know if the table was now 'available'. Will never I back. I am not the biggest fan of Applebee's  but nice place to have some fun with friends and family..."  but I was also charged for the meal that they took back and my meal that I had to wait over an hour for that I never got to eat because it was already so late.  We had to wait another 5 minutes while they removed the first dish from our bill.  I still paid for my dish and the side.  This place was convenient Their quesadilla burger gave me food poisoning. 'Nuff said.  they said it would have to be another 40 minutes because when they had called our name the first time they crossed our group off!!! Needless to say we told them they were the dumbest lousy people in the world and left to eat at Zipp's on Bethany Home near 15th street We went for their new ribs. They were cold then heated up and re served.  Horrible. Unable to eat. Left without eating. Manager was apologetic. Just horrible. Terrible service sitting at the bar for happy hour. My glass sat empty for long periods of time.   A passing waiter actually saw the empty glass and gave it to the bar tender. Sad.  he was very attentive and got everything correct! He turned my experience around for such an awful beginning." "FILTHY! I ordered the 9oz house sirloin via Delicious Deliveries. The delivery was very late (not Applebees fault) and I wish we hadn't ordered from there even before I tasted my food. The serving portion was small considering the amount of money I'd paid. The mashed potatoes were filthy and the steak was like rubber Not coming back to this particular Applebees."  he was doing his best. Will not be returning with all the late night choices down Central." I don't like waiting 30 minutes for my drink and I have to order my second drink as I am half way through the my current drink." I am here at least 2 days a week sometimes more "These type of chain places are noy my jam- It was OK- they do have some pretty awesome Happy Hour Specials on drinks and food- that being said  stuffed anyway and the missing item was quickly taken off the bill. The bartenders on 1-9-15 were attentive and great given how busy it was. Will definitely go back." Like I get it.. It's Applebee's and I shouldn't expect a lot but our food was awfulllll. The 13 dollar salmon portion was less than half the size of the picture and all of the vegetables that came with it were obviously frozen with no flavor and a gross feeling in your mouth :/ I would only go here for a cheap drink!! (They aren't strong though so.. Maybe I won't be back) The food was great as always. But Ben the server tried to charge us for every item we picked instead of 2 for 8. He fixed the problem but then proceeded to tell me that it was my job to let him know exactly what I wanted next time so it's less confusing. Last I checked I'm pretty sure that was the servers job. Thanks for fixing it Ben but next time don't make the customer feel responsible for you mistake. Thanks. cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg Waited and waited for a table at lunch time. Two parties (each with two in the party) came in after us (we were also two) and both of them were seated before us - one pair was even seated at a table in the area we requested. We left and I will never return. The food isn't worth that kind of treatment. "My friends and I enjoy coming here to visit Lonnie who bartends.   Wonderful service  pickle and onions cooked 'pink' (not rare or well-done; just right). Super juicy on a perfectly toasted bun. I would have ate 2 if my stomach had room. Fries were good and french onion soup is above average. I would give 5 stars but they were short staffed and drink refills were hard to come by and they forgot our soup so it came with the meal instead of before which we made sure to request to avoid that. Despite that small inconvenience On a Thursday it took 15 min after being seated for us to get our drink orders. The waiter couldn't have been any more socially awkward. Also we got the Spinach Artichoke dip and the chips were SOAKED in what I'm assuming was grease. There was not enough people on the floor to help the server out."  the service was poor and the AC was broken and could not be shut off.  The back section of the restaurant was probably 55-60 degrees."  Thomas. He was so sweet and so attentive. It is so rare to encounter someone who you can tell actually enjoys their job! Keep up the good work I went there on Friday night late -  bartender was super nice. He said he was new and from outta town. Usually I'm not a fan of corporations but this bartender was really cool. I've been here a couple times and the food isn't good and the draft beer is almost always flat.  great bartender who kept the drinks coming and made sure to keep tabs on the slow food order." cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg  appetizers and even food. It's a chill environment is usually have a great experience but my waiter was not the best  hardly any pink at all and the baked potato was cold.  All the other food was great!  I brought the issues up to the manager and he was so kind and professional.   He cut our bill almost in half.  I was pleased with his attention and caring for customers.  Thank you!" Was not happy with the food! Pasta was served without its sauce.. And after getting the sauce was still flavorless. The kids food was bad tasting as well.. Applebee's has lost their way.. :(  and we wanted refills were wanted & I wanted another beer.  We sat at our table with no drinks trying to eat our food for at least 20 mins.  That is unacceptable.  I had to ask the hostess to have Marc come back.  He finally came over and we ordered refills.  Throughout our experience there & with Marc  goes a long way. I wasn't expecting a free meal but it would have been nice to least offer another side to make up for the contaminated mashed  potatoes. Also We have been to this location a few times with varying levels of success.  None have ever been great. We actually hadn't been there for about a year when we decided to give it another shot a few nights ago. We walked in about 8:30pm and it wasn't busy. Stood around for at least 5 minutes before we were seated. Once seated we waited 8 to 10 minutes for our waitress to even come over. We placed our order and when the waitress brought our food she just set it down and quickly walked away. Normally this wouldn't be a big deal except one of our meals was the total wrong thing. She was no where to be seen for several minutes. In the time we were waiting I took a bite of my steak and spit it back out. It tasted bad. It was gray looking inside and had a funny taste. So the waitress finally comes back and we tell her one of the orders was wrong and grabs a menu and procedes to debate what we ordered. She just wrote down the wrong thing. We ended up not eating. Our meal was ruined. This is the worst Applebee's ever.  my wife ordered a hamburger with an egg (can't remember the name). The egg was Sunnyside up. When we asked them to cook it completely we were told they would burn it. I asked why they couldn't cook another egg....the kitchen manager said ""no one wants it that way"". After much discussion they cooked another egg. My bill was $90 with tip......would've been spent more wisely somewhere else. I won't be back." "Brunch burger was great service took long seems to have not enough waitress's  they stayed at our table until we finally said something. To top it off refills were NEVER offered until after our food came.Even when the food came we were never asked the infamous ""how is everything  was not up to par. I was thirsty and finished my water promptly. Not once did our server come over to refill.. The food was good love the choices here. love the pub preztels sticks It was a very nice meal and it went above my last experience with Applebee's. The only reason for not a 5 star is the service because the server was awful. Other then that it was a great meal  brought my daughter here for her birthday and food was burnt and it took 35min to get a refill after the server told me 2 times he was gonna go get it. Manager tried to make it right but failed "Applebee's is pretty much the same at each location.  I could suggest it is the McDonald's of ""bar and grill"" chains.   Advantage - they have liquor.  The food is decent and the portions are decent as well.  The staff is always friendly in a ""pieces of flare"" way and that can get a little annoying.  The drinks are good.  I had a terrific autumnal drink with Apple Jim Beam "My friends and I learned our lesson to go to somewhere better for good customer service instead of coming here for drinks. The drink I got I didn't like it at all because it was extremely sweet and I could barely taste any alcohol in it. My friends tried it and they agreed with me. When I asked a waitress walking around if I could change it she said no because the drink I have is the one with the most alcohol on the menu and if I don't like it I would have to pay for it and pay for the new one. You go central bistro Too many other good restaurants in Phoenix." So we tried to have dinner there this evening.  The waitress came over to our drink order and brought our drinks as we got our drinks we order our food and then waited over 30 minutes finally our food came all together salads and entree.  Except mine was wrong and I ask for the right entree.  The waitress seem irritated that I just didn't take what she brought me.  So I waited for mine and ask to speak to the manager.  He came over and said they where remaking the food.  NO ONE EVER APOLOGIZED AT ALL.  THEY TRIED TO MAKE IT SEEM LIKE IT WAS OUR FAULT.  After an hour and a half I got tired and asked for my check and then I demanded my check and all he could say is he didn't appreciate my cuss word.  I ended up paying $50.00 for lousy service and I didn't even eat.  The management there is a joke.  I will never step foot in that restaurant again and will contact corporate.  I will use social media to get the word out about this place.  ONE STAR IS WAY TO MUCH FOR THIS PLACE. cjUmPLRT43wN9Z87A9BOpg I had a burger with egg and hashbrowns on it. It was absolutely horrible burger and even more horrible experience. I've called 5 times and left my name and number requesting a manager to contact me back and I've received nothing so we have switched our family Applebees location from central and camelback to 44th street and oak and there is an awesome waitress we request her section and great manager! No Stars for food or location of central and camelback! Still not sure if we will be back. So many great spots to go in this area.  That going somewhere that is not giving it 100% seems like just a bad idea. Even if Applebee's is somewhat a good deal price wise"  I give this Applebee's 4-stars for good food and excellent service." "This place is a joke. Food is microwaveable decent. Don't use mouthwash and go in because they will tell you are drunk. The English prick 2 years short of his GED My wife and I decided to use the curbside ordering and we ordered under $40 dinner for two steaks mashed potatoes and veggies we ordered mushrooms and onions on our steaks and never got it we called back to the store and we're told that they were going to credit $5 back to our credit card and nothing ever came out of it sad experience for the curbside lost our future business sad  hand a gift card and he said he would be right back.  10 minutes after that confirms my pick up order and comes back to tell me my total.  I have to ping out to him to read the paper gift card I put in his hands.  Light bulb goes off and gets my food.  After all the back and forth 20 minutes later or so The food quality and taste has really gone down here. It used to be good. Our server Ivan was excellent. With so many other choices in the area I'll pass on this place. C- "Went here on Monday with kids.  Nice waitress.  Not that busy at about 8:30 pm. Had the variety appetizer.  Great selection and very filling.  We tried their mac and cheese I had their Asian shrimp salad and the club sandwich. Both were prepared well. The plating was attractive. I had their cookie sundae for dessert. The cookie was yummy. Their ice cream is not good." Drove 20 minutes out to come to Applebee's. Got there at 11:50 and said they're closed already. Literally was watching people order. Just wanted some wings. Hope this gets to a manager. "Went here again and they were closed 35 minutes early. All chairs were already stacked. Knocked on the door and someone came out. I asked why they were closed so early and he said ""you guys would be the only ones here"" and did not serve us. Called management the next day and explained what happened and the manager said if they were not making more money than they were spending they would close. I told him that the restaurant either needs to stay open until their posted hours so people aren't driving 25 minutes to a closed restaurant (what happened to me and my girlfriend) or to close earlier. I then asked if I could have the number of whoever was higher up and he hung up on me. I really hope someone finds out about this. It's unacceptable."  packaged bag of salad with some chopped up greasy fried chicken. The spinach artichoke dip tasted like it was taken from the freezer and thawed out in the microwave. The only thing that saved it was our friendly and attentive server ""Debbie"". Thanks to her it was slightly palatable."  although I'm told they have an ATM inside (although I didn't see it or go hunting for it the economy has hit this place a little rough..so if you see this review. check out the place. bars like this cannot go under. they need our support. go in and say ""hi"" to Frank. he's cool as hell. Sarah still cute as ever. Save Hannys!!!"  you can order from a plethora of restaurants that deliver here. And Hanratty's will even provide the silverware!"  real darts (the kind that you can kill someone with)" "It is easy to be a regular here if you show up twice. Hanratty's is the picture perfect neighborhood dive bar.  You can usually pick what ever you want to hear from the Online Jukebox.  The bar staff are personable.  It is too bad the owner doesn't put much effort in marketing or keeping up the place.  It is usually dead on most nights.  So if you are looking for a relaxed place to have a drink with some locals super strong drinks. super cheap. super random crowd  I have been hard pressed to find a quintessential ""Cheers like"" bar  and met the fairly new owner as well. I wish I had more time to spend in here in order to get the full experience. There will be a next time  there's a fine line between strong and just disproportionate. If you're mixing drinks  but I didn't notice one...maybe I accepted one too many free bud lights from the bartender?  Either way - a quality place with great service and really cheap drinks right in my 'hood that is worth visiting again.  Oh yeah  that's a compliment." "I have been wanting to come here for years! Unfortunately I picked a Saturday night around 9pm and the place was pretty much deserted. The servers were friendly though Cool place to check out some football on a weekend - good beer on draft and friendly service! "Everything you expect it to be! A great hangout kinda joint. Great jukebox plus pool tables and darts. Hanratty's has a really laid-back atmosphere & is a great place to start your evening. The happy hour specials feature a nice variety (usually a coupla liquors and shots)  available pool tables and ample seating (it was dead from 9 to 1130p on a Saturday). Minuses- lonely and uninspired inside."  and I hear they have steel tip darts. How can you go wrong there? I'll have to make a few return runs up here  but it was a Monday so I didn't really expect a big party. It was nice to be able to play pool without having to wait or worry about bumping people with your cue stick  this is the place. There is nothing hoity toity about this place. I sponsored an event here last week with my co-workers  i think maybe like five others who were in our age group(20's) were in attendance.  Mostly locals probably  there's the gay Denny's across the street. Best people watching ever."  darts and other games. The bartenders are usually friendly and the clientele seem nice enough. I've been here a few times and I've never had a great time but never had a bad time either. I don't see myself ever being a regular here but there are worse places to go....like Wineburger." "I love Hanratty's -- it strikes a balance between dive bar and neighborhood watering hole. Nothing fancy  is the food. I have only tried one thing and that is the mozzarela sticks so do not try them." Ac3PRDUZyzn4kHImdzt0Zg "Great dive/down home option for midtown-downtown Phoenix area. Sat on the outside pation drinking cheap beer to watch the cars Sitting at the bar as we speak. I always tell people how much I miss all the dive bars San Diego has to offer. Problem solved at HB Hanratty's. A dive bar after my own heart. Thanks HB! "If you're looking for a small town bar in Phoenix this is the place!  The owner Steve as well as the bartenders are very friendly and accommodating.  Where else can you find great service and $.50 pool tables in Phoenix.  Plus  so can't really vouch for that." On the other hand I can't think of one ""hook"" that would get me to return there. With all the options in a city this side there has to be something that separates a place from another. I just never found that ""something"" here."  and there are several TVs and plenty of adult video games. It's also a great place to just sit and have drinks I would have given this place 4 stars if the bartender hadn't of almost shorted me five bucks. :/ She even had the nerve to doubt me as I showed her the change she had just given me. Lame."  yeah one more thing to say - the men's room has the most genuine and foul urine smell my nostrils have been abused by since I made a bad decision at the Coachella festival that one time." "If you are looking for a good dive bar this is the place. Dave says it has a ""family atmosphere"". Ryan says we saw marshawn lynch."  Terri and Mikey are the best bartenders around and they drinks are strong. Parking on the weekend can be tough  and had $883 taken from my account today. I wonder if there's a connection."  once upon a time I would have given it 5 stars. Nice for pool if you are out with friends and don't want any competition. I just want my dive bars to have some life. Average drink prices these days Needless to say I will be back and I'm not sure why it took me 12 years to get there." This place would fit nicely on n.  high street"  the bartender was very nice and did a great job with how fast she was able to get us our drinks. They have pool tables and some other games so you can pass time while hanging out with friends. TV's are playing the sport games going on. Only downside is the music playing in the background is really quiet." Good music and pinball too! Laid back spot for sure!"  it was surprisingly busy! Good looking crowd too. There were two bartenders both of which were attentive and friendly. Really enjoyed the billiards and watching the Rousey fight. However  which when you're deep in that jukebox game is always appreciated! They have three pool tables and two real dart boards and you usually don't have to wait to get either. Good The bearded bartender stole my money when I knew what I'm paying for.  He's an asshole liar.  Won't admit to anything.  Won't go back there . Great beer specials and the bartender was easy to get along with and comical. Def check it out for a small town feel in the big city." Oh well. Torrid and Guitar Center seem to do just fine without my business. I'm sure Cruisin 7th will do just fine."  it's an okay place.  The motto should be:  Don't lick anything with your tongue.  My modus operandi:  Get in  the awkwardness made this place weird. I always thought it was just a neighborhood alcoholic bar  join the interesting set at C7. Friday night's drag show starts about 10:30 and Daveena Ross is an elegant hostess. Bring $1s to help them fund college or make-up. If you like clones "I love this little dive. Amazing patrons and friendly bartenders. Always had an enjoyable time here. If you are a fan of dive bars  there was some crackhead outside smoking talkin bout shankin people and i honestly thought he was gonna shank me. The old bartender that was there which i dont recall but i think he had all of three teeth was rude and the prices werent all that for us to be puttin up with it. Our group sang maybe two songs in the two hours we were there but the worst of the night was when i had to break the seal. The bathroom was covered in diahrea all over the toilets and groung with toilet paper scattered everywhere and when i told the bartender I do think this is a big staple bar of the LGBT community and everyone can have a blast here. Just don't set your hopes too high. Expect an eclectic crowd and go in with an open mind."  we have been loyal customers for 5 years and its a shame mgt doesnt care about their workers or what their customers want we are now going to FREAKY FRIDAYS at FRIENDS AGAIN"  smelly guys rubbing into me...yuck. I be-lined it for the patio for escape and stayed there until my friends were ready to leave. Just a awkward mix of very ""interesting ""people "Although there is lots of fun to be had here- the atmosphere of the show does not make up for the lack of cleanliness and overall ""ICK"" factor.  I love me some dive bars "I haven't had a night out like this since Living in SF. These ladies had so much vibrance and personality! The show started slightly after 10:30 and I went in on a Friday to celebrate a friends birthday it was worth the wait! Drinks were cheap but the performance was not. The dive bar ambiance gave it a very comfortable feel I love drag shows and on saturday nights this is one if not the best! Like Lemon drops ? Have ken serve you one of his infamous Lemon Drop Cocktails" why was I here? BECAUSE I WILL PARTY ANYWHERE PARTYING NEEDS TO BE DONE! Cheap brew and very interesting atmosphere............like.....the most interesting. Have you ever been to a trinket shop?......there's a ton of shit to look at.....and it doesn't get old.....until you barf on your silk button up shirt and have to be dragged to the nearest dumpster to get some much needed rest.  and prices are more than fair."  all the employees are great I'm going back for more this place is GREAT!!" wnOQw4nazfglLxwLogTlng  the few times that I have been here I have been bombarded by dancers.  I know that some might not think this is a bad thing I officially nominate this as the best place in town to get your face covered in stripper glitter so you can go home and get busted by your girlfriend or wife." Cheap food and great entertainment Huge thanks to all the cool people over at the Hi-Liter for an awesome time during my best friends bachelor party!!! We had a large group and the staff at the Hi-Liter treated us right from start to finish!  just like any other strip club.  When there's another night out with the guys...I'll make sure to bring this place up again."  because she will leave and call you names as your front door slams behind her. Or so my buddy tells me. Such trifling arrows of human amusement are not found in this man's quiver of irresponsible behavior." Great place. I took my work colleague there and she had a great time. The dancer was all over her and left her virtually touched everywhere. She was hot and so was I. Will definitely be back there soon. http://www.hiliterclubaz.com/coupon.php"  boobs in your face and prob walk out with a load in your shorts.. maybe even a hand up your shorts if you sit on the end against the wall and your a perv an wear super short shorts!Yep  I've been here once or twice.  Not on par with Canadian clubs but much better than the other clubs in the valley."  but you'll never have as much fun as you do here." DON'T EAT THERE.... The cook is dirty... don't get me wrong the food is great... But don't eat if Chef Rudy is cooking he's dirty he does dirty nasty to the food.."  then you can save that 10 bucks for a groping and pretty X rated lap dance!"  didn't try the private VIP but it looked worth it." Me: Whaat?? What did I say? - Wait - come back - I'll throw in a few extra singles for formula." "I haven't been to the Hi-liter in years but have fond memories of this fine establishment.  A couple of years ago I was kicked in the head by a dancer who was giving a dance to Mike Tyson...  twice!  There was no blood so I let it slide...  I mean  they have a couple of big girls to my delight. The one complaint is the girls could have paid more attention to the customers." The food is actually pretty damn good.  bouncers aren't power tripping. Everything a strip club should be. Only gripe is that I wish the back room was bigger and more private" wnOQw4nazfglLxwLogTlng The cocktail/food service was the worst service in all of Phoenix. If management knew how much money that was not spent because of this lousy service In Phoenix again I searched on yelp and saw someone shared a coupon and saved me $30? That's what one chick said was the normal entrance price. 20 females and only 2 caught my eye and one of them did come up to me. I got a water and cost me $4 they do sell beer but she didn't know the prices. She was from San Diego a Cali girl my luck :) she told me a lap dance at table in front of everyone is $10. I said no I want VIP status and she said $25 for each song I said let's do this lol. She looks gorgeous to me and worth my money to find out what's up in the VIP. And before we went there she was cool talking to me for like 30 mins. So how was the dance in the VIP? Let's just say I left with blue balls haha. 3 stars is for the females prices and location. 5 stars for her and her name was Joscelyn. Attractive women very enthusiastic and professional will be back.  Only down side some of the hostesses smelled of tobacco but that maybe due to being up close and personal with audience. Thanks girls I would not consider this a gentlemen club. It's very small only one stage and the girls are unattractive and most were severely overweight. The only positive note was they have an extremely friendly bouncer. I was never here. This review does not exist. "I missed the Lobster and Steak Day. It moved from Monday MNF to Thursdays. Its Kinda a cool spot to watch MNF. Staff are nice. Food honestly is really good. The Dj Wouldn't play Digital Undergrounds ""Freaks Of the Industry "If you dig strippers that try and blackmail you to pay for two lap dances when you only had one "IF I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE ZERO STARS I WOULD!!!!!!! Never agian. Service was bad. Waitress brought me a dirty glass and got really defensive when I asked for another glass. Instead of pouring a new glass she pour the drink from the dirty glass into a new glass. When I she brought it back she basically said we would never give anyone a dirty glass. She said she might have had some lemon or lime on her hand. Wow so I guess I was supposed to drink whatever dirt that fell off her hand and into my drink. I explained I didn't want that drink. She went back to the bar and got a fresh cup and drink. She comes back and says the last drinks I gave you were over poured by mistake and I don't want you to think I under poured you this time. I said I good I just wanted my drink in a clean glass. We pay her and tip her. Mind you this is our 2nd round. The waitress walks off and I take a sip of my drink. And it's some kind of harsh house vodka. I stop the waitress and told her that this wasn't grey goose vodka.  I told i didn't want anything and handed her the drink. She offered to bring her manager over. I watched her talk to her manager then return to the bar. She came back to our table and handed me a drink and said my manager said to replace the drink and if there was any ""other"" issues to speak to him. I told her that she offered to bring him over and i wanted to speak to him. She raises her voice at us and says why are you guys giving me a hard time I'm just trying to do my job. So before I raise my hand and slap the shit out this rude ass waitress i get up and walk out. My husband is still in there. Next thing i know he is being kicked out this piece of shit because he said this bitch is hella rude. Now the waitress tells the bouncer that she fears for her safety.  The bouncer offers us free passes to come back to a place we never paid to get into in the first place. And he said fuck the drinks you just bought you have to go. THE WORST PART IS THE ""MANAGER"" NEVER MADE AN APPEARANCE. i will never go back there again."  and about 50% of the girls have a gut. The select few that were actually good looking were worth the stay. The place is very small and if actual skilled pole dancers tried to go there they wouldn't have the space nor height to be able to do any tricks. Also I just visited this place to have a drink with my boyfriend and it was horrible! I would give it 0 stars if I could. We sat ignored for over 30 min and had to flag down a very very rude waitress. Took another 30 min to get drinks. Girls were ok and that's being very nice. I would never go back and spend money here Went here The door Girl a blonde Mexican very attractive!She was great.the girls were OK but I enjoyed talking to her Cynthia was great!  and the best looking girls in the club were a bartender and waitress. (Both Latinas  she is impossible to catch.  Usually the rich old guys hang on to her for dear life.  Bouncers walk around like they are Mr. Olympia bodybuilders.  They constantly give you that ""I wanna fight"" look.  They may be big but I know underneath their monkey suits they look like sh*t.  This place is just a disaster Another small Phoenix strip club that was on the top ten list the past couple of years. We aren't really sure why though. It wasn't a horrible club by any means; we've seen a lot worse.We went on a Friday night after we left a different club and it was definitely one of the busier clubs that we have visited here in Phoenix. The door girl apparently did not want to be there that night because she literally told us the price  just say you're waiting for a different waitress. The place is pretty run down and the clientele is low class but the dancers are top-notch and fun. Wish the waitresses and bartenders were more attentive and fun but they're all pretty dull and the door girls can't count out ones correctly for the life of them. The drinks are super weak and overpriced  I'll def be back.    A little packed on the weekends but well worth it"  so girls can't climb the pole very much.  No shortage of girls asking to lap dance.  Looks like shift change is around 8 as new girls circulated in at that time.  All colors and figures (except for fat fatties) were present.  Got a lapdance from ""Riley"".  Make sure to pay them first because you won't pay attention to the song changing but her mind is running like a taxi cab By far the best club I've found in the valley and Raven is by far my favorite girl .  It's a little packed but we'll worth going  it appears things have changed since I was a child.  I was with my parents and we arrived later then our reservations had claimed we would.  The workers were very nice and said they would try to fit us in the best they could.  People kept on walking though the door with reservation after reservation.  We waited maybe 15 minutes until we were seated.  After a short time our waiter came by and rattled through the specials.  Once he left we were unsure of what he actually said.  I knew before I arrived I would order some escargot and decided to go with some kind of halibut special.  The escargot came and did not taste as great as I had remembered.  It was all right  it's an upscale feel but the prices are very low and the food is delicious."  well informed service.  Wine list is good and very reasonable -  Berringer Knights Valley Cab for $30 when it sells at costco for 20+ - great deal."  decent salads and a good wine list.  What more could you ask for?" I think this place would earn 4 stars if the prices were more reasonable. We paid 85 bucks between two of us and that included a bottle of wine for 24 bucks (their cheapest red - which I had before elsewhere and was actually very good). I think this is a good place 5 stars though for the awesome company!!!!"  but expressed concerns over the somewhat long wait time.   It was nearly 10 pm when we left given our 7:30 reservations 3CSaqRNvYg7ZdN2zwxwzVw "Christo's has been one of my favorites for many years - my dad used to take me there when I'd go to the office with him as a little kid (I think they still have some of the same waiters as back then!). It's not the finest Italian food in the city  I hope we get to explore more of the cuisine of the local hood."  none of them really beat this place in terms of authentic Italiian-American atmosphere.  The place is up there with Durant's  but also it was a winter formal night for a high school nearby so I'll let it slide."  and the service and food have both been extremely good. They have a pretty good wine list too here." I enjoy their wine selection and this summer there is a great wine special Mondays through Thursdays. I invite all my foodie friends to give it a try!" More good news!  They even do a take out.  All this and heaven too!" Great food! Great service!" The entire dining experience was very pleasant.  No complaints."  and still love the consistently GREAT food.  This was one of my favorite restaurants when I lived there.  They made perhaps the BEST cannelloni (melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness) and avgolemeno soup (only rival I've found is Taverna Tony in Malibu).  In fact "We have gone to Christos for over 15 years. It has very consistently good food and service. We have tried almost everything on the menu at one time or another and never had a meal less than great. The osso bucco and duck are favorites along with all the fish dishes. Try it "Went to Christo's past Saturday night. Waited about 15 minutes for a table despite reservation. Restaurant was very busy. As usual  the included salad was very basic but good and fresh. For the price we paid my wife and I never had such good food. We both had the dover sole and it was great with perfect service. we both can't wait to return and try the other items"  one of the best in a long time. As usual service was great and the food was outstanding  you get soup and salad with your entree and the service is stellar.  I have been going to this place for over 20 years and (God willing) will continue to go for at least another 20 years." "My wife and I came for restaurant week and were very impressed. THe lobster and shrimp ravioli was amazing. THe house ""red"" was an OK chianti and the flan was top notch! The bruschetta with goat cheese might have been my favorite  but a nice tank top. When I got my salad I was amazed that such a ""high class"" and ""must visit"" restaurant would serve a skimpy salad with iceberg lettuce. At lease when I go to Red Lobster (yikes)  I know what to expect. Needless to say  I would not return to this restaurant nor recommend it. Small tables and cramped. The waiter spoke so fast that we had to have him repeat the specials three times. He served us so fast that I got the feeling he really didn't want us there! We felt uncomfortable even asking him questions and pointing out our issues with one of the entrees. I had the veal piccata and it was perfect! The wine was excellent Christos is ny favorite."  and you also get a soup and/or salad (depending on lunch or dinner). The service is good too. Will definitely return!" I could not hear any more. Hopefully the owner reads this and make this right. I am not seeking anything free I just don't want this to happen to anyone else ... EVER AGAIN" "I have been coming here for years and the quality of the food and service have been consistently 5-star quality every time I dine here. I highly recommend the halibut if you're in Phoenix and you want a good meal "The shrimp risotto is delish. The staff is super friendly and very accommodating. Christos is a ""must do"" for first timers....you'll be hooked." My new place for Italian! Service was over the top and the food was excellent! Would recommend to anyone  and super tasty. The Chilean Sea Bass was perfectly prepared. We had the parisian scallops for an appetizer. DELISH!! And unique. Our service was impeccable. We enjoyed our meal from start to finish."  that's not a problem. They are very accommodating and will go above and beyond to make sure your experience is top notch."  sparkling clean restroom.  If we lived in Phoenix  cesar: ditto. wine list more than adequate and the prices are better than most other places anywhere near this quality! go -- and you'll know!"  I'll give them that. I suppose I came away with the thought that I'd rather have lousy service and good to great food than great service and lousy food. Maybe I should have tried one of the 3  and waiters that are good at their jobs. It seems other reviewers didn't enjoy themselves "The most dependable upscale restaurant I know in Phoenix. First-rate dishes 3CSaqRNvYg7ZdN2zwxwzVw We've already decided to come back again....the problem is who do we want to come with us that we can introduce them to this little jem." I go  to Christo's about 3 times a year.  This place is great.  The food and service are well above standard.  They really take care of you. "Christos is a family-owned Italian restaurant that has been around for more than 30 years. Given that it is still crowded for lunch and dinner most days   I hope that Christo would read  these reviews him self so he knows what goes on when he""s not around.  I will never return or refer anyone and will make sure to let everyone know how rude u employees are specially bartender Stephanie...."  the soup has been a lemon bisque. Honestly with a loaf of bread the soup could easily be served as it's own meal. Now this isn't a trendy Italian place. In fact if you're under 50 you'll probably feel like a youngster here but that's always what I love about it. You will feel like you walked into a different era and everyone seems like a familiar regular."  just right for the strictly senior citizen clientele. My husband had a pasta with Italian sausage and chicken in a marinara sauce. The chunks of canned tomatoes were unappetizing. The one star is awarded for the only good item we ate  the food was great and we will definitely be back." The food here was excellent. ! The service was OK as it was around dinnertime. We did not like the fact that we had to wait for a menu after we were seated. "Very good restaurant and staff. Low prices and moderate 1st time and loved it ! Delicious and fresh  food. Pasta fantasia was perfect and so was the soup and salad before. Dinner was great and so was dessert. Intimate and nice setting at a perfect price. Went for dining out for life event and loved the food and service. nice family owned atmosphere. treat you like you matter. food was cooked to perfection. "We hadn't eaten at Christo's in years.  For my birthday my husband decided to surprise me with a reservation.  Things started poorly.  The hostess walked us towards a table and then pointed. So we sat.  A bus boy brought water but we still sat and waited.  Finally a waiter came and asked us if we wanted drinks.  Then he came back with menus.  He rattled off a long list of specials.  We both decided to try one of the specials.  I really prefer it when the specials are printed out so you can see the details.  I also think to make them "" special"" there should only be a few.  Once our order was placed the rush seemed to be on.  Soup appeared. Then salad. But before I had even finished my salad my Chilean sea bass was in front of me.  I wished I had known the 2 small rectangles of fish were going to be swimming in tomatoes.  I should have asked more questions. The flavor of the sea bass was lost in the tomatoes.  My husband was delighted at what his chicken turned out to be.  We shared a complimentary birthday dessert and left.  There was no one at the  door as we left to thank us or say good bye.  Yes the prices are very reasonable but the food and ambiance are nothing special." I would definitely recommend it but I would try a different main course item." The atmosphere is very outdated - but their demographics are blue hairs  so maybe they're just looking to appeal to the old school crowd.  I'm not opposed to old world recipes as long as they're done well.  From my multiple visits here I find their cuisine adequate  found the atmosphere to be very family and friendly. The meatballs were their lunch special and I must say they were on point. Very tender meat and the pasta was great. Comes with bread and salad and I paid under 10 + tip because the service was great."  will melt away when you take that first bite.  It won't be your last." The service was super excellent...and darn! but I am having a really hard time finding many things not to like at Christo's.  I like the place.  I plan to go back....soon." Looking for a new spot down town try this place service was excellent food if possible even better I am a former catering chef and my wife is a personal chef so when we go out we are very picky and critical but we honestly have not one comp lainteverything from the time you enter the place until you leave is on point no wonder they've been around for 28 years  our waiter was Scott and very pleasant and a real pro the wine list is great and with a happy hour daily you can't go wrong strongly recommend that you try this spot asap Just had the most delightful dinner at Christo's!  I found them to be so accommodating and friendly. They made me a special salad with blackened salmon to my specifications. Delicious! Thank you Stephanie! Tonight I met 20 new Meetup friends at Christos for dinner.  What a great experience.  It's always challenging for a restaurant to handle large groups - but especially large groups with individual checks.  Our Service Team was outstanding and it was seamless that they were handling such a large group.  I had the cioppino with a variety of seafood that was clearly fresh and yummy.  The complimentary soup and bread were memorable on their own.  The only disappointment was the extremely strong fresh pepper on the salad.  The lemon cake...to die for.  Dinner was delizioso. This   was the place to go for Italian food. The place was packed.  Service was very slow . Great bread but they did not  refill my drinks during 2 and half hours we were there. I had shrimp spicy marinara ssuce. The dinner took over 30 minutes . Still inexcusable.  On our bill we we charged for an extra meal again inexcusable . The amount of pasta was small and overcooked and the sauce was too thick. Too many mistakes for a well known restaurant I would definitely recommend making a reservation - I didn't see one empty table the whole time we were there!"  etcetera. I'm from Tuscany so our cuisine is totally different from Southern Italy or even Rome. One ""Italian"" restaurant cannot cook well all the regional dishes  it came with a side of Gnocchi pasta! EXCELLENT! I can not remember for the life of me what my dad ordered but I know he liked it! Both of my parents are 100 percent Italian and are VERY picky on Italian food! They both were very pleased with Christo's! The setting is very old school Phoenix as well! The waiters all seemed to have a few regulars they were helping I tried this place for take out today. I am a short walk away. I found on yelp some pretty good reviews and decided to try it. I had the mussels and a simple salad and was pleasantly surprised! The interior is very nice and welcoming. I could imagine wanting to come here for a romantic dinner. Friendly people too. food was great!!! service was wonderful! small little place with a old school feel but food was amazing along with some of the best service and timing on food was great.  and the meals!  So good!  I basically licked the marinara off the plate.  The prices were out of this world and the food far surpassed my expectations.  I will definitely coming back here!"  and Christo's Ristorante has not disappointed. I had the calamari as an appetizer and the chicken limon as my entree. Both were very delicious. The meal also included soup and salad. I was so stuffed This is my favorite restaurant in Arizona. The food is always delicious and the price is reasonable. My favorite dish is the eggplant Parmesan. We HIGHLY recommend Christo's ... you will never be disappointed...best to make a reservation...many others love this place too!"  which was one of the specials.  It was excellent!  I also had a Greek salad that was almost a meal itself.  I was so stuffed I didn't have room for dessert.  I'll be sure to save room next time." Wonderful ambience and service and very reasonably priced. Very friendly servers and family owned!! Had wonderful calamari as an appetizer!! Highly recommended!! Amazingly delicious Dirty Martini's tonight!!! Hadnt been here in a few years and had lunch here yesterday. It was great! I brought a friend that had never been. She LOVED it. The service was great and the food was fabulous! This is the neighborhood classic. The food never disappoints and the service is excellent. They have amazing weekly specials and their happy hour is great. The only Italian place we go to! "I've raved about this classic restaurant before but because I recently made the mistake of visiting a faux Italian chain in town and had such a horrible experience Went for dinner last night after hearing great things about it. It's was okay. Parking was horrid and food was just okay not wonderful. The soup was wonderful best part of the meal. I might return Best Italian food ever... Love the chicken piccata. I don't leave Phoenix without stopping here. Went here last night with a group for a friend's birthday. Never been before but will definitely be back in the future. Service was on par. Food was incredibly insanely delicious. I had the Chilean Sea Bass. Real not fake like some other establishments. It was probably the best I've ever had. Ever. Enjoyed some Black Sambucca after the meal. It was a great evening with good friends! We ate at Cristo's tonight and had the best Italian dinner ever.  In addition  to the fine food we had great service.....thanks to AJ and Louis.  We are on vacation and will definitely eat there again and recommend to others. It was a great evening.  since the authentic Italian culture is based on welcoming and well-mannered people. Food was outstanding as well. I had the mozzarella caprese followed by the special of the day: halibut piccata. But what really impressed me was the dessert: limoncello cake!!! It's not like the usual American cakes with tons of sugar and frosting...this cake was at the 'right degree' of sweetness who had no regard for anyone else in the restaurant." Come bring some family drama with some calamari "Service was astounding and the food was top notch.  Great suggestions from the server and the ambiance was great  reminiscent of an east coast establishment.   Local diners.  Solid go to for dinner.  Not fine dining grate place to come for dinner siting inside the bar from what I exsperince the bar tender aj was wonderful she was on top of everything it was my first time there she suggested    some options I tried them and they were really good I had the sea food dish that was sesame the snails were good but not the best they had a grate drink section  the crowd is way older then me but there cool to talk to they are all welcoming I hope for the great old Christo's service & quality.  We'll see?" Tried the restaurant  a year later . Service  was better. Place was packed with a waiting list . Again my waiter forgot my drink . Great bread . I had the osobuco  .  The order was larger and extremely  tender I would highly recommend  . The fresh spinach with garlic was great . Big improvement  .  pleasant environment and reasonable pricing. The Dover sole was excellent and our dinner companion said he had never had better sea bass." That's a bargain for this kind of food in this kind of atmosphere with this kind of service!" If you haven't been there yet These guys do it right; this is a great date night spot with an awesome wine list and a menu prepared totally in-house.  Service can't be beat! I will be back for my garlic fix!!" Excellent meal reminded me of a small family restaurant back home from the decor to the attentive staff to even the regular patrons. My dad had pasta with his fish and someone who doesn't really like pasta loved his and wanted for more. Mom had veal and enjoyed it while I had scallops. I loved the quantity and cooking of those scallops and would go back for more. The winner for dessert was the to die for mousse! Will be back but a must for reservations and early for parking as it was limited especially for handicapped. Lastly no booths available so make sure you can sir at the table which were actually comfortable for someone that normally needs a booth.  he does a very good job being rude and has a very high sense of entitlement. Their Happy Hour is wonderful because of their bartender AJ as she understands how to treat people and make them feel welcome. The rest of the staff (mainly) the smug manager need to get over themselves. As  and one picky diner asked for a very simply prepared piece of fish with no oil or butter and she was very pleased.  The waitress came to check that it was just right and it was. All entrees are served with a delicious soup and small dinner salad. Yes "Grab your honey and some pals...Christo's Italian Ristorante is ""Molto bene""! You will not be disappointed.  I had the special   over perfectly cooked pasta. My date had a dish with veggies. She said they needed another minute or so. They were too tough to eat. The cannoli was incredible! I haven't had a real one in almost 2 decades. My girl had a piece of cheesecake. It was also delicious Todd was our server.  He was very pleasant but almost too efficient...he dashed off more than once before catching our wine selection or our dessert orders.  The pace of our meal was also a tiny bit rushed.  That may be what the local area demands but I prefer a leisurely pace.  These two small negatives do not detract from a five star dining experience.  Try Christo's if you want good  relaxing atmosphere.  Great food.  Chicken parmesan and chicken Genovese.  Yum." A good place to eat if you live near but I wonder if they will still be around years from now."  the sauce on the scampi and zucchini was made for scooping up with the hot bread for sure.  One person at our table had the goat cheese bruschetta and the goat cheese was delicious.  For the main entree 2  out of the 4 got the squid ink lobster ravioli and shrimp dish Excellent Restaurant Week value even on Saturday night! Really good food and service and a nice glass of wine as well. Not a bad thing to say...we'll be back! "Made reservations for 7:00 tonight and let them know it was a birthday celebration for my husband.  We arrived a bit early and sat in the bar and met our sons there.  We were brought to our table.  The waiter seemed a bit scatterbrained Mostly clientele over 60 years of age" Not a pleasant experience after the drive."  as it has become the unofficial reunion bar for Phoenix natives that have since migrated to other parts of the country and world. The rest of the year it is easy to find seats at the bar or one of the tables So the role reversal always sends me for a loop  you'll notice that my second home is the crappiest dive I can find. Pomeroy's is no exception. I started coming here because my friends live within walking distance and is where they like to go. To be fair The only downside is that the place smells like farts. It's not overwhelming Not horrible but I doubt I'll be back."  they have this crazy satellite juke box which allows my grumpy Brit friends who are in town to pretty much select anything they can possibly think of to play (Blackalicious anyone...?) Plus Someone at my table just referred to a whole other table as ""plan b."" Nice." I really wish Yelp had half stars because for a dive bar  because no amount of salty bar patrons will stand between me and my $2.75 Amber Bocks Love is a battlefield. Hell is for children. Don't stop believin'." I hate this place.  When can we go back? I am not exactly hot and I get great service - tableside even!  I think it helps if you are nice...so be nice to the people who work there  the other name for a kitty kat ... it's quite tasty" I guess that's the dilemma: When I think of going to Pomeroy's I am as excited about the 15 beers on tap and cheap cocktails as I am about the food! I've thought about going to Pomeroy's for lunch on a weekday - without even the intention of sneaking a brew in the middle of the work day! How about we call it a dive restaurant... compromise?"  or at least have no reason to hate it.  I have a hard time refraining from hating things I started out hating.  Good thing I don't hate too many things."  it's a divebar. But had a great time! And the service was great- thanks Charlie!"  but it just adds to the overall atmosphere."  another awesome win is that Pomeroy's is right down the street from my fave 'bertos. But hey  it's not. Don't you dare let my review that includes a 1/2 assed bar fight dissuade you from coming here. I'm still planning on coming back here  I just might shove my glass down your throat to shut your ignorant rude tasteless heifer ass up. Ps. those guys you were hanging all over weren't even interested in you either. They were just too drunk to care. One of these days that nasty look you throw people for no reason will result in a heap of shit coming your way _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q "Great neighborhood place that's been there forever! The staff is friendly and attentive and they pour a decent drink. The food is standard (can't go wrong with a grilled cheese though). Pool tables  usually a bar stool.  Dougie makes a badass chicken Philly cheesesteak with jalapenos." Only thing I don't like is that you have to go to the bar to order your food and drinks.  I waited at my table for 10 minutes before I finally decided to call in my order.  From my booth." Pomeroy's should definitely be on your rotation of places to be in Phoenix." _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q WOOOHOOO you guys get five stars!!! AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My gay neighbor took me here for afternoon cocktails on a Sat. This place sucks! The bartender was unfriendly and the bloody mary had no alcohol. Wont return again. It also smells like cigarette smoke from before they banned smoking in the bars. Gross! better dive bars to be had A good casual place to just hang out - Pomeroy's holds a special place in my heart and always delivers a good time.  Sometimes a headache too We drank and ate and were merry. It was a good time. I've passed by the place in the day and it looks completely different then how it did that night."  not Pomeroy's.  They hand you two picture perfect ice frosted mugs filled with your favorite brew and you realize this place isn't for amateurs." They have that old golf arcade game too." Extremely high prices with a staff that seem to be angry because you are there bothering them. Nice bar with a shitty owner and run by shitty relatives of the shitty owner i.e. day shift.  when I ask for water don't tell me ""we only have bottled water"" and charge me $2. Not true and not cool." I got food poisoning from a bacon burger. I thought the meet tasted bad but by then I had already ate half. Puked my guts all night and runs the next day. I informed them and all I got was sorry. _GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q "If you are ""drunk and annoying"" do not come here! I was told this by the bartender while trying to order some food and a drink. Un-professional. Go across the street to the yard! They are friendly and willing to accommodate all." "Pomeroy's needs an update badly (booths and bar seats are falling apart and for god sakes stop writing on the bathroom stalls what are we 12). Other than the decor  our tab was $93.00!!!!! Even if we were drinking top shelf our tab would have not reached that ridiculous amount. After making a comment about the tab This place is not a local dive bar. The employees do not care about anyone who lives in the neighborhood. They only care about money. Wish I never tipped Nadia who particularly doesn't do anything for her money. The Sizzle Inn is a much better dive bar in the area. Wish the management worked here because the propriety has potential!  the place looked like a cool place to hang out but we won't be back. Unless there is another and nicer bartender on duty."  good bad-for-you food and great service from the guy bartender. The only things we weren't  by thrilled were the female bartender (tight blonde curls and SUPER rude to everyone in our party) & the ranch was pure buttermilk with no flavor. Regardless  Drew likes to know how ""hot"" you like them.  Friends had the chicken with salad and the pastrami Reuben - and they loved it.  Its a nice little neighborhood bar with some good food." Again..... Ask for Drew!!!!!!"  but definitely a cool little spot to kick it."  like you have flies...there was a fly in my pint of blue moon...gross!"  friendly and caring. Good tunes. All kinds of games and great people to boot!"  so was disappointed when I suggested it to my boyfriend and came here for a second time. I ordered an IPA and could tell the lines had not been cleaned in a while (I'm also a bartender). They were cool about me getting a bottled beer instead  and the house favorite sandwiches have received awards and are available through the night till 11pm. Did I mention they pour some of the coldest beer in the desert? Yes  first and last time going there. Would give negative stars if I could. My friends and family spoke so highly of this bar and it's been around forever so I figured it would be great. A big group of friends took me there for my 21st birthday at midnight. The second the clock turned midnight I took out my ID and ordered a drink. The bartender was the biggest cunt of a woman I have ever met in my life. She was questioning my ID and thinking it was a fake and being a bitch about what time it was. Like she didn't know that when its midnight Both times we went there the same bartenders were working. A tattooed chick with black hair and a guy. Both were friendly and attentive  and a pretty large seating area. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that the bartenders were downright rude to my friends and I one night a few years ago. The dozens of other times we've been there service has been great; it is never too empty or too crowded. Make sure to try the patty melt or grilled cheese. Definitely a local PHX crowd." "Best Blues and ""American Roots"" venue in Phoenix ... small and extreamly low stage ... place can pack up depending upon the act ..."  go to the Rhythm Room and shake what your momma gave you." They went on a run here in Sep/Oct where they were bringing solid acts what seemed like every week but I haven't heard much from them lately that caught my attention. Not touring season But overall I still had a great time at the show and was very appreciative of the 1.50 PBR special. Plenty of bar stools around the place (where you can still have a great view of the stage) to sit during open acts and breaks is also a huge plus. 3.5 stars."  there's a guy out back in a trailer selling pork sandwiches.  Not the greatest Apart from the lack of oxygen and the dungeon-like darkness with no windows and the boxy prison-like 4 walls and the cheap uncomfortable seating - this place is pretty charming. I kinda like seeing shows here... I don't love it I always have a great time here!  And now that you can't smoke it's even better!"  it's not the noise and the volume that bothers me. It's the inability to hear the vocals when the band is jammin' out. So Without the music this is just another dive bar - with the music I will check out who is playing the next time I am in town."  out of hundreds I've ever seen in many cities across the U.S.  then the bar has to follow certain rules. If you have not been to the Rhythm Room I highly suggest it. I found the staff to be very nice. There is also plenty of parking in their parking lot. Other artists that are going to be playing there in the up coming months are "I went to the Rhythm Room this past week to see a band that I have been waiting 14 years to see.  I was so relieved and impressed when I saw the sound guy taking his time to get the levels just right and listening from every corner of the room to be sure everyone was hearing the band at its best.  The servers and bartenders were nice and attentive even though there was a pretty large crowd.  The only thing that bugged me was the totally drunk guy wandering around yelling complete nonsense while the band played.  The bartenders clearly serve until you are a blubbering idiot.  I guess to some people this would get them another star  and the music is wonderful!"  and I'll definitely go back to check out their other musical offerings."  and the first band began playing at 9p.  I enjoyed the many bands that performed that night.  The acoustics of the room was very good considering the venue's history.  I did notice that the crowd here was an amalgam of various age groups This place is a must."  the drinks are strong and the staff is friendly. The only improvement this place needs is a Marquee sign to remind us of all the great shows happening on a nightly basis." "The Rhythm Room was the first blues bar I visited when I moved here to Arizona. I randomly showed up for their fall music festival.  I saw so many great local acts that I had no idea existed! And It was my first introduction to Big Pete Pearson.  That guy puts on a GREAT show and always interacts with the crowd and will talk to any random bar patron who wants to praise his performance or just talk music. The RR is also really good about showcasing newer bands from all over the country of all genres. The drinks are cheap though this venue caters to other genres of music Went there this past Saturday for Big Petes new CD release.  Always fun.  Waiting 15 minutes for a drink however is too long.  Older female bartender strategically ignores you unless she is bored.   Door guys were cool. Really not my kind of place. entered in from the rear of the bar and fell in love. The music last night was amazing!!! If you like good bluse music and kind of friendly people. "I really think this is my favorite place to see a show.  I haven't actually gone to see the regular house bands but I have been there to see some indie music groups and each time I was completely content with the sound.  Whether you choose to stay in the back by the bar or move in closer to the stage The musician's interaction with the crowd before and after shows is really cool.  This makes everyone involved feel like they're in the scene." The only thing I would like is that you could take your drinks out to the patio. With the admission of the 18+ crowd they have to confine the booze to one side and it's not the smoking side. I guess only once vice at a time." i had a blast at this sweet little spot." I'm rooting for you Rsquared." awesome! On more than one occasion I found myself coming to this place some acts are quite strange but that's what I go for.  Also cool bartenders and cool vibe throughout matt white once was playing his show shoe-less just real laid back kind of place although the crowd did get a little crazy during some mean theremin playing by a band whose name fails me at the moment...also if you like pabst blue ribbon look no further. "I love this place. Great music! If you live in town or are just passing through "I went here years ago when I was young and enjoyed dancing. I always felt sort of exposed the way the seating was. There is that long row of bar stools that makes you feel on display. Now I prefer listening to music rather than dancing to it (except at home where I often break into dance for no reason whatsoever.) So now I say I love you Rhythm Room. You make me feel like Goldilocks except without the long walk in the woods and home burglary part. You are not to hot  im a fan! Now if only we could get more bands to stop out here." "I tagged along last minute on Tuesday night with some friends to see They Promised Us Jetpacks. It reminded me a lot of Hollywood Alley but I like the Rhythm Room better somehow. Loud but not too loud Rhythm Room is awesome.  Saw some crappy Battle of the Bands here and didn't care for the music  but at least you can go outside to the patio to take a breather (even in the summer it still feels better).  21+ shows are great there "I've grown to love the Rhythm Room even though it's a little dive that's always too hot. Seems like there are always acts I'm interested in and not only is it usually pretty cheap to get in The Rhythm Room is a classic venue filled with true charm and culture. It's off the beaten bath which adds to its charm and I guarantee that you'll have a good time any day of the week."  because the music is always lusty and makes you wanna grind on someone in a slow good not slutty way! and if you are single there are always a boatload of pretty people to look at... this reminds me of going back in time whenever i can go see a good show here..." "some of my favorite memories are dancing the night away at the rhythm room! great bands  since I haven't found many that I like" "Rhythm Room is all about the music. Great place to see national acts in an intimate setting on the cheap. Good sound system and perfect views from every place in the room. I think the furthest you can ever be from the stage while in the main room might be 30 feet. I'm not a beer drinker but don't always want to dive into a bottle of Grey Goose  its time to reinvest your money to renovate/improve. They pull in great acts but almost always the venue pushes me away from seeing them. Not worth it."  cheap beer and great people watching!"  i'd say this is one of the many great venues in phx that can provide both in heavy doses."  great visiting bands. 'nuff said." Other than that I look forward to going again to see my favorite bands play and even be able to talk to them when I can work up enough nerve to do so. : )"  and I always have a good time. The place is a sort of a dive but the bar staff is fast and the bands sound good. Their prices for shows and drinks are reasonable and if the music is not fabulous the people watching always is."  the drinks are cheap and the big patio is perfect for breaks and fresh air between sets. Take a chance on an artist you've never seen (tickets are typically cheap) and try out this Phoenix gem - totally a part of history. It's pretty fun to think about all the blues artists who've played throughout the years."  held myself and cried. Definitely plan on grabbing a drink here in the very near future." "This place is ALWAYS a great time.  They have great bands roll through and the cover charge isn't bad either.  I come here whenever I feel like dancing the night away Clearly a dive bar with a minor kitsch look and feel. Not bad. We probably would have stayed longer had we felt like getting wasted and dancing with the oddball locals hanging there." Bright side: The audience is always diverse and rich with character!"  if you are into a diverse range of music and willing to see some indie awesomeness most definitely check this place out."  outside smoking area. Cheap drinks good small venue to see good bands.  place gets crowded so get there early for a good seat.  knock those damn barriers down! Open your club!"  pretty much...a room with a bar - and a stage.  It's a pretty small place so the performers are right up in your face...intimate performances.  The staff at the doors and the people behind the bar were all friendly and the crowd was pleasant...helped me to enjoy the time that much more.  I certainly would love to see any other of my favorite artists gig it up there in the future.  Thanks for hosting the good times Rhythm Room!"  it is dark and it is loud. No kids "THE best place in Phoenix to see a live band. I have been here a few times for the Red Elvises Feel free to bathe before going.....its close quarters The drinks are cheap.. the bartenders are fast and helpful and the people always change. Depending on the show you came to see there can be lots of hot people.. or lots of fat gross ones. Eek! Either way.l. $1.50 for a PBR on a show night I can not complain. They also have a smokers patio so that is helpful! It's also within lightrail distance which is awesome for us since we live in Tempe."  from the bottom of my burning indie heart."  but it's a great place to see a band.  The bar is in the back and there are seats all around to chill out while listening to the bands.  it's very loud so definitely not the place to go  for a quiet night out by any stretch of the imagination.  I give it the the most points for atmosphere since it revels in it's dive-y-ness.  The sound isn't the best at the couple shows I have been too they always have sound issues of some kind or another.  I think that adds to the charm of the place.  It's a great place to see a $10 band at any rate.  I do not hesitate to go if a band I like is playing there.   The bartenders are very nice and I haven't had any issues with the bouncers although I had tickets all the times I went."  drinking and just listening to music.  It's a must-see for any rhythm and blues fan.  Of course  they are still dedicated to blues and jazz on the weekends.  It would contend for my favorite place ever if that rib shack in the parking lot ever seemed open on the occasions I've gone to shows." Loved the very eclectic mix of people milling around.  It was so not Scottsdale  cheap drinks and a no frills attitude." A decent venue in Phoenix for live music. They often have good acts playing there. JZJqJadk9pSoCGT7VTwBvg  our waitress didn't like the tip my husband gave her and threw it back down on the table.  I guess a $1.00 tip for a round of drinks is unacceptable...we have not gone back and I'm not sure we ever will."  but I don't go there very often. Dancing is important for me and I hate high door charges -- especially when I don't know anything about the band that is playing." Great venue for music..friendly staff...great food truck food..booze is only point reduction  not a bad seat in the house. We sat 90 degreas to the stage and it sounded great. This has become my go to Phoenix Blues!" The service is outstanding (both the cocktail servers and bartenders)and I have a ton of fun every time I go. A very cool little club and it is totally nice that it is right here in Phoenix. The names/level of talent this place draws is pretty amazing. We saw Muddy Waters' son play a set last night. Any music lover should check this place out!" "This was my second time to the Rhythm Room and it was fantastic! We saw ""Mother Mother"" this time and ""Patrick Watson"" the time before. Both performances were stellar and Rhythm Room is such a great venue. It creates an intimate experience between you and the performers. You really get to hear the music and connect. It's also nice that there's a bar uWeMgQMWd_dxqSxPpnd-qw I look forward to a return visit..I love seeing live jazz and blues musicians play and this seems like the perfect place to see it!" "This is a regular hang out - I have to see a show here at least once a month. On 7/3 I made the trip down to see Phoenix Legend Hans Olson perform with a full band for his annual birthday bash. Great show. In all of the years i have been coming here I can't think of a bad show. Oh sure there were bad times  RR gets five stars because I have so many fond memories at this venue and I am a fan of the atmosphere." I was at this venue to attend a blues concert. It has very little seating and the beer was warm. I thought the sound system really sucked! I was rather disappointed as I really LOVED the guy I went to see and I couldn't make out any of the music. Great fun. Enjoy the live blues bands that come through. There is even dancing which is fun. Small intimate feel.  your bathrooms were clean (but seriously get the urinal fixed) and the ambiance was electric.  Can't wait to go back!!"  I like this place. I'd come back. It's got character." Local draft beers only .. Devil's Ale is a winner!  $5.00 who can complain :)" Amazing venue. It has a very cozy feel to it and you feel right at home. Drinks are pretty cheap and the acoustics for live music is amazing!  for all the words you can actually make out.  And  the sound guy appears completely deaf to the feedback he keeps allowing.  They don't skimp on the pours in the mixed drinks  but if you don't get there early you may be standing for 4+ hours. Not complaining What a great place to dance and have a good time.  I went to see the band Soul Power and they were terrific! I'll be going back for more fun there.  it is how I remember the good old days of watching live music in a bar and enjoying that feeling. When I leave I am not poor  the owner Bob and GM Jen went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed.  Thanks to the whole staff everything went smoothly and everyone had a great time!  Thank you all so much :)" Can always count on the Rhythm Room to get quality music and do some dancing. It's nice to see a place where all ages and groups of humans are just having fun and digging on some great music. I love this place!  or they have small tables and chairs along the sides.  Easy to see the stage.  Excellent bar in back.  Service was EXCELLENT... personnel very friendly and attentive.  They also have an outside patio for smokers.  Get there early to line up if you want a seat near the front "Saw the Soul Power Band last night. They are very good. The atmosphere was classy and cool and packed. The attendants were nice and attentive. This was my first time there "One of the hidden treasures of Phoenix.  There's always good music Great place to see a show with a diverse crowd. Metalachi was the band that played and they did not disappoint. The acoustics at the Rhythm room were top notch. Views were good as I sat at the corner of the bar and could see the band just fine. Staff was friendly and fast.  I'd go back to see a show anytime. "This place is fucking amazing!  Bob you are awesome I have always had a good time at the Rythmn Room.  Great music and a good mix of people all looking to have fun!  I highly recommend this bar. I have been wanting to check out The Rhythm Room since I moved to Phoenix over 12 years ago.  We finally made it happen on Saturday and really enjoyed our experience!  We got there  10 minutes before the doors opened at 5:30pm and there was already a queue of 30+ people.  We heard the Repeat Offenders and really enjoyed it - the band had over 10 people and all were super talented.  Drinks were reasonably priced and I loved the BBQ food truck that was outside.  We will definitely be back!  and the staff here care about their customers! Bob Corritore has owned this blues music venue since 1991 and knows what people in the Valley like and want from a Blues bar. There's a nice patio to sit and chill with friends. A barbecue food truck in the parking lot keeps people from going hungry;) Thanks Bob Corritore for bringing and keeping The Rhythm Room here in Phoenix"  flirty and fun..Plazma is a good bar to be yourself." I personally like going there on karaoke night. Its 1 dollar for a glass of beer. The bartender is friendly and the karaoke host is a really cool guy. Theres always decent amount of people but not too crowded. If you like singing 4 or 5 times in a night then this is your place on a thursday night Decent. Low key. Minimal attitude from patrons and staff.  but the staff will take your drinks before your finished.  The staff need some serious training on customer service."  not for the stripper night (that attracts all sorts of creepy and shady characters.)" lF1xl8uiYRSLCibhb31sew  this is a great neighborhood unpretentious bar."  and there's a good amount of parking. Overall I've been going to plasma for a few years now met some amazing friends. This place is really awesome! It really is the gay Cheers!  THE place to be other night for others. Great people and staff and always a stiff drink. Perfect place to pull up a seat at the bar and meet some great people." We always have fun there but have to say the service (especially from the older gentelman) totally sucks!!!!!! What a horrible person. He would be the reason. I don't go back. To the owner please consider either training or getting rid of him. This a friendly neighborhood bar offering great happy hours and live entertainment several nights of the week plus an excellent Sunday brunch.  Be sure to check out the Freaky Fridays shows featuring Celia Putty each Friday night. Hopefully the happy hour will get back to the way it used to be. It's a great place to go on a Friday after work. Some good people and good happy hour vittles to nosh on before dinner. Just get there after me  I would totally wear a friends T-shirt if they have them.  I love the logo." So now when you're driving down Indian School and pass this crazy little place called Friends you may just want to stop in to take in the sights and a few cocktails." We live near here service is always pretty good and my husband and I enjoy having a place to walk I and feel comfortable with good prices and shot recommendations!  it's a really nice cozy bar to hang out and have drinks and even enjoy the entertainment. But this is also a good place to come for a delicious light lunch or brunch at friendly prices.  The good food and drinks  and enjoy.  Zorfs is following the same agenda while adding new energy and apparent increasing clientele.  Check out Zorfs on Yelp and add your comments.  The owner Karaoke runs from Thursday night through Saturday night.  And they have other themed evenings throughout the week incl. (I am not making this up) the Greek God Revue stripper show hosted by catty drag queens on Sunday night." "Lounge? Squeeze me. Let's just call it what it is here homos. A bar. Apollo's Bar. And that's not a bad thing (said in true Seinfeldian manner). In fact it's a good thing (he says with a Martha Stewart smirk). Sometimes a place like Apollo's is just the ticket. A neighborhood bar The staff is awesome!  Everyone in the crowd was really friendly and I will definitely go back!"  whether you're in shorts and a t-shirt If you are a lesbian between the ages of 21-35 this is not your spot"  the company that does karaoke here is the same as the one that does it at Kobalt (another gay bar in Midtown's Park Central complex). If you are into a social and dynamic bar scene with a pretty diverse crowd and karaoke as part of the experience My original review was almost a year and a half ago before their interior remodel and new outdoor patio (as a response to the 2006 smoking in bars ban)."  but it never got so full of people where I was getting knocked into or where it was impossible to move. All and all  I definitely like the overall vibe here. I think it's also one of the oldest gay bars in Phoenix."  friendly staff.. will return!" "I have gone to Apollo's on occasion over the years even before they remodeled. I don't live in the immediate vicinity so I only stop in when in the area and the mood strikes.  The crowd can be diverse but generally tame. I had the recent displeasure of stopping in on a Wednesday with two friends visiting from S.F. The crowd was sparse and we sat at the bar. A young 90's slacker looking bar tender came to take our order. We ordered a rum and coke Well....flash forward a few hours and Meredith Brooks' ""Bitch"" was coming out of my mouth. I blame the strong drinks and great service at Apollo's. The crowd was great  is to charge me $6 for a Red Bull with no liquor.  Bunkhouse usually charges me $2.  The back patio is small and skinny lLI8ObL8aCVbkrrtAW0EHw "Much better experiences than what I experienced in my initial review.  The prices are now more in line with that other bars are like in Phoenix Always a great place!  Owners are really nice and the service is great!  I stop by time to time and it always feels like you never left!  Added bonus.. people remember your name!  I love that! Not my #1 choice of gay bar in Phoenix  and the scene is usually a mix of gay men and pretty girls. Win. I like to sing karaoke and this is a place where I can sing Prince in a mostly awful falsetto and still get cheered."  Apollo's is fun on Sundays for their various drag shows and strippers afterwards." "Wonderful neighborhood feeling. The bartender Nikki is the BEST hands down. Very attentive and personable bartender  very friendly staff and its CLEAN!! The patio is awesome and full of great conversation!!" When I'm feeling low and looking for a great atmosphere to cheer me this is where I go! Great drinks and the staff is so very nice. Throw a little karaoke in for fun and this is most definetly the place to be.   I'm outside in the beer garden having a cigarette when the owner came up to me and said that I smell pot on my person. I told him that I was a medical patient and that I medicated before I got to the bar.  He told me not to smoke in the parking lot.  I told him I haven't  until I checked my bank account and find the erroneously overcharged me over $35.00. When I called they tried to tell me it was a debit ""hold"" for tip. It was not. This was a week later and the charge went through. They said they would have someone call me back. They did not. I got the run around and they gave themselves a very generous tip at my expense. Have fun Yd2EYrXC2ZtpDi6nOGQbZg  and take part with the shitty employers. We order  drinks and the asked us to leave the place  and take part with the shitty employers. We order  drinks and then asked us to leave the place I am currently in the bar now and receiving such service that is very poor. Unprofessional and lazy. However one person does not an experience make. It is a neighborhood bar and we wanted to support it.  but they also serve bar food (nachos  it's fun to go on a Tuesday for 2 for 1...lots of guys and a generally positive environment.  All the TVs tend to be a distraction when everyone is really there just to check out the crowd and drink "Roscoe's will always occupy a special place in my heart.  It was the first gay bar I went to after arriving in Phoenix nearly eight years ago 7srDFwPPnzBaQoPW55Dc8Q "Am I the only one who thinks Balls would be a great name for a sports bar? But. Here in gay ole Phoenix. We have Roscoes. While they'd like everyone to think it's a sports bar for everyone. Really. It's gay people. Gay as Ross the Intern. As gay as Richard Simmons sparkly  but it seems the owners are very happy with the status quo." "Picure it. Roscoe's. Saturday night. 11:00. Deadsville USA = Crabby gay ass bartenders. Me and Rickie? All pumped up. Having fun. Celebrating a fantastic evening we had with CeCe Peniston earlier with a couple beers and a round of darts. I won't tell you who won "OK. So I was a little put off on a recent visit to Roscoe's. I chose yelp to rant and update my previous positive review. Two words. Chili Cook Off. Wait. I think that's three. Nonetheless I was a judge at Roscoe's chili contest and I have to say I HAD THE BEST TIME EVER! If I'm not invited back next year  and the drinks were strong ( Plus Plus!) and well worth the money.... I will be returning most definitely! Thanks for a great time!" I know next to nothing about sports. Nada. Zip. But I had the best time at this gay sports bar! This place is pure fun. The drinks are very strong and the bartender was very cute and friendly. The music was good for it being a sports bar. Strange thing though.... nobody seemed to be actually watching sports on the many televisions located around the bar. Saw somebody eat a nice looking salad next to me. Smelled heavy on the garlic but that may be to taste. I didn't feel out of place at all even though my favorite sport is reading. Just a really fun time that is easy on your wallet. Definitely going to be going back there soon! Bacon B: How did I get to bed and where are my underwear?" "One of my favorite places for a bite to eat.  There aren't many gay establishments that serve food in Phoenix - this is likely the best.  Their sliders (I've had them on four different occasions) are awesome.  Three pool tables  I don't remember a lot of things after this. The train became a wreck  darts and conversation. Would definately go back." Side note: They do not take credit cards on tuesdays. Bring cash or there is an ATM on site." 7srDFwPPnzBaQoPW55Dc8Q  but I wanted to give it a fourth star for being a gay bar that a straight can feel comfortable sitting in for a while." Even if you like that sort of thing Friday evenings they have this creepy dancer thing going on.  With ""strippers"" that don't strip.  I would avoid Fridays if possible because the dancers try to force you into the back room for paid sessions...unless that's your thing."  was a comfortable vibe."  but its defiantly worth checking out once." "I absolutely love this place!  Best Bloody Mary Bar on Sundays!!!  Great Service  especially for the fact that there's a handful of solitary non-social women that come in to occupy a bar stool & drink water...."  good food but too expensive.  They even charged me for requested BBQ sauce  or a football playoff Sunday brunch - I am definitely a fan of Roscoe's!" "For the second time in two weeks I've sat at my table for 15 minutes before having to go to the bar to get a drink. Service has went downhill quickly. I should add that there are two cocktail servers and another two behind the bar this evening AND four to five open tables. No excuse for bad service Nice dive bar... usually older crowd. "I've been here before and received the same dismal and uninterested service both times. Sad. Our group was here for Sunday NFL breakfast and though the Bloody Mary bar looked tempting  but really wish they would do something about the bathroom. OH and stainless steel toilets are ice fucking cold on girl bums!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Ehhhh. Crappy pool tables and sticks. Disconnected and/or untrained bartenders. Two for one beers was nice. ATM didn't work. Left after the free beer. Very girly adult crowd; nothing like watching forty somethings engaged in a Brittany impression battle from across the bar. I never come here and I won't likely be a regular."  I started getting into the idea of watching Michigan State football while listening to Rhianna.  The breakfast burrito yesterday was tasty and cheap  which you wouldn't expect necessarily from a bar kitchen. Very casual and fun atmosphere where anyone - including my mom - is comfortable. Fun staff and always great service. Great on Friday nights and Saturday and Sunday day drinking!"  the only disappointment is that I am an out of towner look for a bar and grill. No grill after 7pm which I thought was odd." Kyle needs to go to customer service school." "Sunday night during gay pride weekend and as we enter the bar the bartender looks at us and walks away. We go to the bathroom and when we come out the bartender looks at us and goes to ""the office/back room"" and sits down and plays on his phone. We're standing at the bar waiting for service and are simply ignored. Note to owners  a couple of tvs and a portable stripper pole.  This place use to be packed on various nights.  I stopped there last night for a beer and there were ten people there including the staff.  Sad Love the place now that it's under new management!  Great drink prices both happy hour and non. Great bar food and a great place to watch your favorite sports! Great service as well. Recommended for bor both gay and straighr. Sunday Fundays are the best!" Walked in the other night and the place still smells like sewer. Heavy smell of restroom deodorizer but still a sewer smell. We had to leave immediately. It's been like this for at least 3-6 months and it's awful. Seriously have tried this bar several times as they sponsor our kickball league.  But the service and the wait staff are the absolute worst. They act like they are doing you a favor to take your order and if you get your order at all.  Won't be back any time soon  we go for the drink specials inclusive of two of my top choices being mimosas and Bloody Mary's. Solo or with friends  thus this dentist should have taken the time to sit me down and talk to me before shoving me into an X-ray chair and demanding a full mouth X-ray for the cleaning I had scheduled.  this is a very small office. The condescending hamplanet Dorothy at the front desk telling me that ""it's Arizona law"" that you have to get a full set of 18 X-rays on your first visit for a cleaning I had scheduled via phone could have easily expressed that at the time I made the appointment. I would have found a dentist who wouldn't try to gouge my insurance company on the first visit  they have you sign a waiver stating that the insurance coverage is ""not guaranteed"" and the patient will be responsible for any overages. Not uncommon  it has strangely good bar food.  There is a brand new juke box.  The entire place has been referbished in the last year or so.  They have TV's behind the bar  a Jim Beam Manhattan is 4.00) and the regulars are a bunch of characters.  They strongly encourage regulars too Tip: Park in the rear. Use the back door."  come across the street and you'll be pleasantly surprised."  Poor Little Rich Girl. CJ's has become our favorite lunch spot. The bar food is fabulous and it is so reasonable! There is a sort of Cheers atmosphere in that if you have been in a couple of times you are likely to recognize people the third or fourth time in and feel right at home. It is a laid-back Great pricing on quality food and drinks. You can find beef jerky and salsa company owners to commercial real estate persons. Also a patio is coming in the future to help out the smoker/drinkers. Great neighborhood Pub with terrific staff and very genuine customers. They even won trophies in Chili Cook Offs with the Phoenix Fire Departments in the last couple years.  the bartenders don't act like they're doing you a favor selling you a drink. If you're hungry there is a kitchen with cheap and better than average eats. Check it out."  but I personally have never (or ever will) make a conscious effort to come here. I usually wind up here because someone I'm with wants to come here so it's usually a stopover point while bar hopping. While I love me a cheap I never leave CJ's without a smile on my face." "I highly recommend CJ""s . I have been searching for good grilled wings after the Old Dirty Drummer on 51 and Shea went south. Finally found them here. CJ said they will grill them so I tried the medium ones. WOW 12 for $6 and change- big  so there weren't that many people in the bar.  I went in with some friends to get food and there was only one bartender.  The whole place was packed and the bartender was the only one working.  I think they need to staff a little bit better because we knew she was only going to give us our pitcher and not return to take our order.  It was not really her fault considering she was the only one working the whole place.  If they had more staff during peak hours s8KRwTTrQDSKrS3hOjwYLw With the Swizzle Inn (one of the best dive bars ever) across the street I won't be back." Awesome priced food and drinks ... Love it!!!  Best fish and chips ever! But they only serve the fish and chips on Fridays. Chicken tenders and the chicken sandwich are awesome too :) It has become my fave dive bar to go to with friends or even alone "We were going to Dicks Hideaway but it was so busy we kept walking and smelled the burgers cookin at CJ's. They have Fat Tire on tap and they make the perfect Crown and Coke. We ordered burgers and it is so simple... what kind of cheeze? and how do you like it cooked? That is what a good burger should be "CJ's is a pretty basic bar with great drink specials and decent food.  The bartenders are very cool people and attentive to needs of patrons  the drinks are stiff and well made. The atmosphere could be spruced up but then it wouldn't be cjs anymore. I go often and regularly. The crowd changes at around 9pm and gets younger and more interesting. Worth a visit."  friendly staff...overall fun local bar!  Great food with great specials.  I will continue to come to this place again and again.  Love it!!!" "Cj's is quite the hidden gem! I came to visit my dad from out of town and he took me to this local spot to grab a drink and a bite to eat. The food was delish and the drinks were stiff! We had a great time chatting with the bartender who was very friendly and made me feel like I was back home at my local dive bar. If you're looking for a good burger and a beer  friendly staff. Awesome specials and cool atmosphere. I definitely will return to this watering hole. Cheap drinks!!!! First time there left a positive impression. Attracts a diverse crowd." tl;dr It's simple. It's a dive. It's good. Go."  but I haven't tried anything. I mainly go for the drinks and friendly neighborhood atmosphere."  and its better than ever. Great place for a good time and great meal. By the way  and a decent shot at a pool table. Pretty sure they stop cooking at 10pm."  local hangout with a positive attitude and very fairly priced cocktails  and something allllways interesting happens. This place you can get silly and have a good time and meet a wide variety of chill people from the area. Always great."  Talley's chicken parmesan is comparable to the finest Italian restaurants in Phoenix it's a must try!!!"  CJ is always good to talk to and provide great drinks. You can play pool or darts  where it's happy hour EVERY hour.  Cheapest play in town. Totally dead until about 10pm then it'll be packed. Food is all fried s8KRwTTrQDSKrS3hOjwYLw  but don't!!  CJ runs a fun little drinking establishment that happens to serve great food! Large numbers of regulars occupy the bar. You will see a huge variety of age groups. Great burgers  I'd better coming to this pub instead of other local places of such kind! The pub is always overwhelmed with chill people you can get silly with! High score!" This used to be our super casual go-to place when we wanted a quick sandwich and a couple drinks.  Haven't been there in about six weeks so maybe the really great bartender is no longer there because the 50 something black haired bartender is definitely not interested in doing his job. Will probably never be back now.  We Sat down and waited ten minutes. Finally walked to the bar where the bartender ignored us while he did a couple shots with a customer.  Totally ignored us.  Walked back to the table grabbed our things and walked out.  Good job guy.  You just lost a good customer.  so bring some cash if you do not want to be charged a $2 fee from the ATM offered inside."  but it is my kind of dive.  You have to get the Wineburger.  You won't be sorry!  One of the best burgers I've had." I'll be getting my hepititis c test next week. (joking.... kinda)"  just a side note.  Please eat your food before coming on to Yelp and reading reviews about the food you are eating.  Some of these reviews almost made me vomit... almost." Until next time. . keep the groove and be cool.  ." I would not ever recommend Harvey's if you are on a time constraint.  This a place outside of time for you to hang back in when you have the time to hang.  It's laid back  the most yummy burger and sauteed onions (they ended up purple!) i've ever had. it was so delicious i forgot about how unsanitary the place was...to bad she's the only one who cooks the burgers like that "People really need to understand where they are going and the role the place is supposed to fulfill.  I find it funny that all three of the negative reviews mention how the food was great and the environment is chaos.  That is what they do at Harvey's.  Apparently everyone who went got Polly  just go when monty is working (he looks like the guy painted on the wall next to the smoking area)." P.S. BRING CASH BECAUSE THEY DON'T TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!!!!!"  but this is pretty unique.  A little more seasoning could be used The onion rings were straight out of the boiling oil and too hot to eat. (I'm sure my doctor does not approve of this meal). All the condiments I could ask for were delivered promptly. The burger was hot  I don't know how we got out without doing one with them.  The lady on the other side of us was getting her car washed next door so she said she comes in every time.  It was funny because the guy next to her The burgers are good enough to merit a 3 start in my opinion." "Wineburger is one of those places you know you can go to when you need a decent bite to eat at a fair price.  The cheeseburger is decent - standard bun  yum) and slaps em on the flat top grill. He then squirts on even more red wine as the burgers are cooking. I don't recall the price I'm a fan but it will be another few years until I'm back again." But even though I want to like the place for being a dive bar steps from Camelback Road and holding on  but not great!  The locals at the bar were quite a mix of people - interesting for people watching..."  the grill is great here. The Reuben is as good as any I've had. I like it here to get out of the bright desert heat and have a cold draft to cool my heels for a few. The specialty is the Weinburger grilled 'ground chuck soaked in wine' on an ample bun. They've been around for a long time for a reason; lots of personality." ...Jesus!  I just read the review about them having cooler ""problems""." And if the state of affairs at Harvey's bothers you  the best dive in Phoenix." /overheard ""I don't do anything downstairs!"""  just like the other fixins and the fries.  Combined with the atmosphere and general grungy feeling (I don't know how sanitary the place is  but it was GREAT. The lady at the bar was extremely nice and she even cooked our wine burgers right in front of us! Might be a poor man's version of benihana but whatever! still worth it! Definitely worth going ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw Dive bar with original bar food.  and then later ordered burgers and a side of onion rings to share. The onion rings were super delicious (i may be biased though because they are my favorite fried food!) and the Burgers were pretty darn good too for a dive bar. I think everyone should at least give them a chance if you like divey bars  and a vintage bowling arcade."  yes.  I will certainly be back!  A LOT." I'll come back.  I like the place and the ""feel"" of it.    It's withstood the test of time "Best burger in town for the price.  A well cooked 2/3 lb burger for under 7 bucks.  Good potato salad as a side.  Sort of a dive  but when we all joined in for a group rendition of some 80s love songs  I always feel a desperate need to bathe after I visit Harvey's. The drinks here however are VERY cheap. If you're short on cash and just need to knock back one or two you'd probably be OK here." "My girlfriend and I stoped in for a beer and a wine burger. Im pretty hard to please and let me just say...I was impressed. Burger was good "Came here one night after dinner at Durant's. COMPLETELY different scenes but this place is fun. Great service and cheap drinks. If you're looking for a high-class joint; this def aint your place-but if a chill neighborhood bar is what you're after  I don't care what anyone says. Harvey's burgers are freakin' awesome. Sometimes I crave them and then feel sorry for myself." All I can say is that a) the burgers are good b) it's so blatantly anti-yuppie that its actually appealing  choice of bud and bud lite...  Its a dive. Great place to go for lunch but maybe not the best place to impress the ladies. 8)"  it was a good experience (3.5 stars if Yelp allowed halves).  The food is good (between quality fast-food and a trendy restaurant) As we left the bar crew all said bye as well as the staff. I liked the folks there." Stopped in for my post-workout bowl of Chili and pitcher of beer and was IMPRESSED! Didn't want fancy- I was in my gym clothes. If you love a dark dive with really good food and prices this place is for you... The cook was visible and very friendly as well and the bartender was cool. The ladies was acceptable. The only thing missing was a smoking patio. I'll be back! Now that that's out of the way--the beers are dirt cheap and the signature WineBurger is downright delicious.  Servers are friendly.  This place should be on the short list for anyone in the area that wants to eat out or drink with friends on a budget." The wineburgers are delicious and the baskets of onions rings and fries are huge  dark and not half bad. Will be back in the future. I think I like it here better then I did at the original one."  they have Duck pin bowling.  It is like a small single lane bowling alley right in the bar and it is the great bar game ever.  I was staying 45 minutes away in North Scottsdale last time I was in town and drove here just for a beer a couple quick games.  It sounds odd  but it's good fun all around." A perfect example to never judge a book by its cover. There's a reason this place has won some ""best of"" awards." Get grilled onions on your burger"  it'll be a guilty pleasure." Kudos to the waitress/bartender/cook!! She was working hard and seemed to do a great job juggling everything." It's quite sad.  This was one of my favorite places in Phoenix - a wineburger and a game of pool - never crowded - that old dive charm...and hands down in the top 5 best burgers in town.  Apparently the new owner(s) believe all they need is a 40-year reputation.  Good luck with that Best Dive in Phoenix. Good people & drinks. Some people go to McDonalds at midnight after a night out. But I make my way to the best juke box joint with the best burgers in town! Stupid good!  and beer.  The service was incredibly friendly and the conversation at the bar was entertaining.  The burger was incredibly flavorful although sort of greasy and the beer and onion rings were average. I would totally go back here (with company) for burgers and the creepy yet surprisingly friendly and entertaining atmosphere."  and the NFL network? All within walking distance of my apartment? What did I do to get so lucky?!" I would drink here everyday if I lived in phoenix  they put wine in their burgers if you're into that..."  beer is cold and I could definitely see my self coming back."  pool hall-dive bar burger; albeit the only one conceivable Very accommodating to my silly group of friends. Burgers were spot on and service was impeccable! What other people say about the ambiance is true.  It =is= a dive bar.  I mean that in the best sense.  Cheap drinks They have happy hour weekly and on weekends but weekends they go a tad longer. The 6 dollar burger with fries and a drink is my bag." "Went there for the first time since it just got sold again. BURGERS ARE BETTER THAN EVER!!!!!!!!!! Drink Specials are fabulous. Jessica the bartender is awesome. The New owners just Rock!!!! My husband has been going to this place since he turned 21 After eating the burger and fries I quickly decided this place will be a regular for us... Love that it's a dive bar as well .. Warning ! The burgers are very greasy but so worth it ! And the buns are grilled with a little grease too :) I usually don't eat my buns but at this place I did and will.  I'm not hungover but this is prob a really good hangover burger too !!  that might require another visit or two.  They now offer a reasonably-priced lunch 'combo' that gives you great French fries (or their fabulous onion rings) with your burger in just enough quantity that you can finish them.  The table service is quick and as friendly as always. I will now put Harvey's back on my list of favorite (under $8) burger places in Phoenix.  Thank goodness for the new owners who have brought back tradition. You can't buy that ""homey"" feel elsewhere." "I totally stumbled on this place by being at the car wash next door!  We went in one night after a sports function for a quick bite to eat.  Damn...they are great burgers.  Reasonably priced food and drinks.  Fun ""dive bar"" atmosphere.  Great place and will definitely go back!" ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw Amazing onion rings and burgers to die for :) for a little hole in the wall restaurant there food is amazing! TRY THEIR PATTY MELT Would have given a five star but the $3 salad was the worst. It was just a bowl of lettuce and some chopped tomatoes. Onion rings awesome perfectly cooked. Cheeseburger great flavor. Awesome fireball shot $4.50 but $3.00 on Monday. "Been here before. Was good. During middle of day. Told my wyfe ""you gotta try this place"" its yummy. Took her for dinner. Her cheeseburger was over cooked and dry. My wings were charred and dry. Wait staff asked how it was and i told her ""overcooked"". She said sorry can i make u more? I said NO cant stomach anymore of their food. So what do i get in return? A FULL BILL!!! $30..... At least the wyfe learned a new drink. Wont be back here "Our first time here. Make sure you have 40 minutes to wait for your average tasting burger. The fries tasted like they were frozen. The good 'ole boys who seemed to be regulars What a great place! 8 of us met on a Tuesday night and couldn't have been happier. The food was good and the staff was attentive and very nice. Real nice place to hang out. It's cheap and obviously satisfies  but possibly one of the best burgers I've had. Made to order and seasoned perfect. The wings are also good."  I would have visited this place much sooner!  They grill then fry their hot wings-delicious.  Patrons include suit and ties from the local business community and flip flops and tshirts from everywhere coming for the Wineburger.   Service is always very attentive. They have pool tables "Total dive bar - which is my kind of place. I bought the Amazon Local deal (punch card with 3 $10 credits) and came today to try it out for the first time.  Took a seat at the bar and got instant greets from bartender and the cook (score). Bottled beer came ice cold (score) with menu. Ordered Wineburger and fries $6 lunch. Condiment and napkin service appeared instantly (score). Watched some TV (no hassle about swapping over to golf) and burger came in decent time. PERFECT taste and doneness! Second beer delivered timely and no chasing someone down to pay and get back to work. Lunch experience awesome so don't be scared by other reviews if you work nearby and want good  as if it had been floating in it all day. I was totally displeased with this place. The only reason this review isn't one star is because I didn't see any roaches." He said he would have rated Harvey's 4.5 but that he wasn't pleased the cook was the server and the bartender."  large tv in the pool room and put in more tables. I finally stepped out of my box and ordered something other than the wineburger and I WAS NOT disappointed. Their garlic Parmesan wings are fantastic. Can't wait to go back in a few days!"  awesome food. Surprisingly good for a hole in the wall dive bar. They have great lunch specials and listening to the drunk locals is always entertaining." Great burger for the price. Always friendly service. One of the oldest burger spots in town! Many better places in Phoenix"  looks can be deceiving. It doesn't look like much from the outside but Wineburger is definitely worth a stop." Their beer is pretty good and also their happy hours is legit save money eat good ohh yeahh!!!"  nothing to write home about.  The staff are friendly and will remember your name if you go in a lot and you may even get a free beer from time to time on the house.  They host dodgeball and dart leagues and even dress up and decorate the place when dodgeball have a theme night.  They have craft beers now and will ask us what beers we would like for the upcoming season.. Great dive bar "I love this bar and am fortunate it's nearby my house. They have several tv's Everything was good and the prices were fantastic! I'd recommend a visit if you're in the area and craving a burger that isn't comercially made." "Great customer service at lunch. Order the lunch special and 6 other customers get served before me. Wait 45 minutes then get up to leave. Am asked ""Do I want that to go?"" Can anyone say @DirtyDrummer?" And the time. It took like 20 minutes to get the food out. I had begun to think they forgot about us. But in the end awesome burgers.  decent service.  good atmosphere.  it's a dive bar.  just fyi.  with good food. "It's a dive bar where they make ""wineburgers"" on a flat top behind the bar. It smells of cleaning products Awesome burgers come here once in a while. Wings took 30 minutes and I feel like they trying to kicks us out. I don't want my check I want another corona and keep watching the Superbowl. One more time--this is a real bar. Enjoy the experience." If you want frills or mixologists this isn't your place. If you want cheap beer and delicious clogged arteries served by a bartender who will serve you complimentary cement mixer shots as punishment (congratulations?) when your team beats hers this is your spot."  come here after dodgeball to relax and socialize. Staff are great and always attentive. The burgers are awesome and they have a great  variety of beer and any mixed drink you can cook up! They have made some great upgrades with new big HD flatscreens I love dive bars with great food and this place is Great!!" I've only been twice in 2 weeks but will be a regular from now on!" Great burgers and fries! I love that they have take out. I want to come and get a drink sometime too. Definitely recommend! Not a  local. Just saw it was close by when I was hungry thanks to Yelp. Pulled in lot and was concerned because looked like abandoned crack warehouse. But once inside a great dive type bar with pretty and friendly servers. Beer cold. Food good. Me like. Fun place and really good burgers If you wanna try a good burger in an interesting place give Wineburger a try." YumBallz!!! Best wings & bloody Mary's in Phoenix!! Their burgers are just other worldly!!! You know something's good when u can't decide between this & lobster! Food here is THAT good! Made the right choice! Erik is the best grill master in town! Karaoke singers are awesome too! This was my first time going to Harvey's. I was so impressed! The service was wonderful. The cook even came out to check to make sure we were enjoying our meal. The burgers were the best burgers I have had since moving to Phoenix. The restaurant it's self is no thrills but I would recommend it to anyone is craving an incredible burger and great service. Love when you can see them make your food! BEST daily specials on food $6. Great prices on booze too. Divey with great food. What's not to love? ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw One thing that concerned me was the gal cooking the burgers had long hair that was not tied back.  Just an FYI in case you're squeamish about plucking hair out of your food." I'll definitely check it out again though!" Would come more often if staff were nicer. They seem annoyed by my presence but I do like the food. This place is simply the best at what it does. Try the pudding shots they are fantastic the burgers the wings the chicken tenders and don't forget the mixed basket of onion rings and french fries ask for mayo and ranch on the side This place has been around for many years in the Phoenix area. Interesting take on burgers. Tasty and juicy. A divey atmosphere but that is part of this places charm "Absolutely delicious!!! My burger was better than any other burger I've had at any restaurant. It was huge and juicy and cheesy. I got a Deluxe Burger with mushrooms and bacon. It was the best. I got onion rings and cheese sticks. The onion rings are battered not floured and the cheese sticks were just okay for $8 "Great burgers. Expensive beer. Extra star for playing Miley's ""I adore you"" while I'm out with my husbear" How does this have 4 stars on yelp? Lol" Pretty good food. Kind of divey. Been coming here for years and probably will be coming here for years ahead. But it kind of sucks there juke box is broken and all they play is country music. Countries ok once in awhile the tears in your beer for 4 hours straight is ridiculous great burgers and cheap beer but they can take that country music and do something else with it The very definition of a dive bar w a food problem. They won best take out for good reason. Don't need a menu just get a burger you can't go wrong. Love this place. This place is a classic Phoenix bar: established in 1950-something or whatever... in other words: it has been around for a while Been a while since first review but this a 5 star burger joint.  Simply great.  Hard to out do!  Come see for yourself!!! Service was great. Beer was cold. Great way to start a weekend - We will be back!" Burgers are delicious. Glad I don't live out here otherwise I'd be here every other day.  f*ck my tongue.. This shit is good!"" I love this place and love coming here. Please try and come soon!!! Sidenote: Shawn the handsome man that served us DID NOT MAKE MY EYES HURT!! Wink... ; ) Eric can cook his ass off!!! You my think it's easy serving the masses but it takes the skill that he possesses!"  laid back atmosphere just a great time and place to be at. You're gonna enjoy everything here!!! GUARANTEE IT!!!" Come here on a Sunday for a hangover cure and football on tv." Great little dive with cheap drinks. The Burgers are one of my favorite in the Valley!  decent beer selection and Amazing Burgers! Definitely a once a week burger craving.. Beer drinking kinda night place!"  was working the grill. I didn't want to be a dick and ask for someone else to cook it and I decided to give her another chance. Before I left the bar "While a ""dive bar"" burgers here are some the juiciest I've had and the beer is cold and the drinks are generous on the alcohol and notably a lot of the car dealership employees frequent the place it can't be all bad and they have enough tv's to watch whatever sport you are interested in..." ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw "This is seriously a hidden gem! Right off the corner of 16th street and Camelback. The burgers are cooked with red wine and you can really taste the wine once the burger is cooked- added with the cheese and awesome fries A little bit of a wait but the burger I got here. However it was fantastic. Although more than anything I was blown away by the onionrings! :D  nothing you can't get at any other burger place. The place itself is very dark inside. They did have good drink specials but it's not somewhere I'll return."  she replied ""we aren't McDonalds"" and slammed our checks on the table. My chicken patty came out like a brick. It hurt my teeth to bite into. I got sick from it as well. It was my first and my last visit to this establishment. Just don't do it." "Have driven by hundreds of times and decided to check this place out while getting an oil change down the road. What an amazing place! Bartenders are wonderful and friendly. The cook is amazing. Very diverse crowd. Food is very fresh. Had a hamburger I stopped in here on a whim I was going to go to the rokerij and I thought this place looked cool I think I'm going to have a wineburger. What a great burger and excellent service. I can't say enough about the friendliness of the bartenders I will definitely be back Perfect burger and onion rings.   The 1/3 lb. Cheese Wineburger is the best.  The place is nice and cool for those hot summer day when you need to cool off have a cold beer and a great burger!!!  and enjoyable with a beer. And there fries... plus getting a car wash next door while this takes place is even more worth while."  best food ever! The onion rings are delicious and I always get the garlic patty melt....absolutely delicious!"  Margie and Monty we salute you. Thanks for everything you do for us." ntJAKLAq0cXzzdFgPoo0Iw  last time I went there with my girlfriend it was sub-par at best. All the fried food in the sampler and the French fries with the burgs were overdone. Burg fell completely apart after one bite. Disappointing because I've been here several times and I know what this place is capable of. Hope it's better next time!" "The best burger in Phoenix! It looks like a dive; well that's because it is! Not a lot on tap but try the burger! Not the sexiest atmosphere Green chile burger and fries were amazing! My friend got the hot wings and said they were great as well. I didn't give them 5 stars because it was only one visit but I will update when I go back because I will be going back for sure!!!  onion rings I've had in years! Must go! Delicious and cheap Oh and pool tables and darts are there too if you're into that sort of thing."  take the paper out of the basket and put it directly on the table.  That way you have more room to construct and get to work.  See you there!" "Best burger in town! Hands down! If you want the best burger of your life go to Harveys! The burger is juicy "Located on the SW corner of 16th St. and Bethany Home Rd. in a strip mall.  Great casual dining in a soft desert toned ambiance; ample portions of really good home cooking served with flair (presentation is everything) at moderate prices.  What more could you ask for? Oh The bar is good for happy hour and relaxing after a movie or a night out." If you haven't been and you are looking for a nice new spot to take someone  it's a mini mall. But they've made it iintimate and not sports bar like. The gang here has made a home run on  every level. It's like coming home everytime I eat here. EAT AT PCG people. It'll give strip malls a new meaning!" Although the food is not ""challenging"" in that there are no weird flavors or textures It seems like a great place to take your parents or people who like meat without much spice and drinks without much alcohol When a restaurant puts Mac N' Cheese on a menu...they are dying to be critiqued hard...So I use Mac N' Cheese as a measure of quality.  Mac N' Cheese is such a bad name because Kraft and Velveeta have raped it of legitamacy in the culinary world.  Now PCG makes a darn creamy rich flavorful Mac N' Cheese and that to me signifies attention to quality.  I have had bad MNC at other ""deconstructed"" restaurants but PCG doesn't stray to far from the point of the dish...and they are successful.   I also fancy the Pot Roast or the Pork Tenderloin.  To start I seem to always get the black bean soup and always happy I did.  Great place!!  Will always be included as my diamond in the rough restaurant."  semi-formal. There's a bar on the left and the dining is to the right. Tables/booths are placed far enough away that you can get a nice intimate dining experience. I love the macadamia nut chicken dish. Wow!!! The service is excellent also. The parking lot is weird and it's in a strip mall  because I am absolutely in love with the corn griddle pancakes with chicken.  My boyfriend always gets this too  the guy that brings water to your table( before the server comes) not only brought the water but brought my ""usual"" iced tea also.... I was so impressed!!!"  so I had to choose it!  ;)  They have fresh bakery buns and added just the right amount of cheese.  Mmmmmm.  My friends ordered the filet medallian with poached eggs and the other had the pancakes  so I'll definitely have to consider the brunch!" "This is a great date spot. it is elegant but not to posh nor will the price leave to bad a taste in your mouth if things don't sizzle after dinner. The lighting is dim so it has a touch of romance to it. You can hear each other talk  less the tortilla strips. I thought it was really delicious. I had enough of a craving for that salad to want to come back within the week. Never made it however. It was about 115 degrees "Phoenix City Grill is tucked away in a very nondescript shopping center on the Southwest Corner of 16th and Bethany Home Road. Dont let this blur your expectations The service was wonderful and the atmosphere is calm and cozy.  The menu is a smidge pricey "The corn cakes and the bacon wrapped prawns. I would sell my mother for them. Does that make me a bad person? Or just really  and the ambiance nice.  It's a little pricey but worth it.  I usually try the daily special because so far I haven't been disappointed.  The food has a nice sw fare but isn't too heavy.  If you are  looking for a solid choice for dinner that will please  just about anyone  it is served topped with fried onions YUM! I think the prices fall in line with the quality and the portions. I'm not sure where the Luby comment came from unless he is 18 or even younger. The crowd whenever I have eaten there has been a wide variety but usually a high concentration in the 26 or so to 40 range. This little gem doesn't disappoint. Good eats and good prices." PCG is still doing great and doesn't need anything more from me than my credit card for payment when the check comes...keep up the good work!"  and very good. The salad had some lump of bread but I didn't eat it. My friends had the portobello burger and the black bean soup and both were very happy. I will be back next week for another lunch and will write a follow up."  we crossed the street and had dinner at Phoenix City Grill. We were seated right away. Service was good. I love the ambiance and decor of this place. Great for a date night "Good but not great local restaurant. I have been going off and on for a couple of years now. I have to say the food is always consitant but lacks serious flavor. I have noticed the service is sometimes spotty as well. I feel like their sister restaurant Sierra Bonita has much more appeal to me. I will continue to go as I have never had a bad experience PHOENIX CITY GRILL ROCKS!!!" For a special night out or just drinks in the bar (hopefully Frank is working when you go) Great place for lunch meetings.  Just above average Bar food.  coupled with the  neo-country sound track make this a one time stop for me."  you feel a little weighed down. It had some type of white cheese in it- not necessary. I shouldn't have tried it anyway- I am trying to be a fishetarian. They have great simple salads. And the cedar plank salmon is absolutely my favorite menu item. mmmmm....." Overall very happy with this restaurant. We will definitely be coming back. Especially for Happy Hour  so we hit it up for a late lunch. Holy YUM!  Bacon-wrapped shrimp: giant shrimp stuffed with cotija and crispity delicious bacon. A heart-stopper I was able to ignore him as the food made its way to my belly."  mushrooms and sweet corn in a green chile butter sauce. It was delicious. The beef was cooked a perfect med rare and the wood grill flavor really came thru. The shrimp were great wish there was more shrimp. I did get the small portion so more shrimp with the large . Small was $14 large is $18. My friend ordered the Grilled Beef Tenderloin which is Wood grilled 8oz. center cut filet with chipotle cheddar stuffed potato and sherry glazed mushrooms. $27 These mushrooms were like candy they should serve them for an app cause I know I'd get them. I wanted to get dessert but I had a long night ahead of me so I will have to get something next time. I did see a few desserts come out and looked great. Overall the place is great and I have a feeling I will become a regular. The server we had was the nicest guy. He was very knowledgeable of all the menu items and answered all my questions without hesitation. Great food Overall the food was very good but the service had me wishing it was better and it did affect my overall dining experience. I will come back for the happy hour but I will have to pass on a glass of wine... unless they can guarantee it'll be served in a dry wine glass. And maybe some attentive service. So hopefully next time I'll get my four stars Its a cozy and dark/romantic type setting."  make it a point to do so soon. I hear their parking lot remodel is completed. :)" I have never been here for brunch before but think I will need to go back very soon! Such a great brunch to honor an awesome mother in law!"  I highly recommend the pot roast. And I don't know anywhere else that serves up their quinoa and goat cheese cakes (what a yummy combo). And they do try to buy locally when they can. It's a great restaurant in a location that's never too packed with traffic. And the staff has always been courteous. It's really becoming one of my favorite go-to places. I'm surprised it's not plugged more in local dining guides." A nice neighborhood dining option." I was so pleasantly surprised by how great the Phoenix City Grille was that I just HAD to put a review on Yelp (and this is my first!).  Our server was excellent  any of the fish dishes.. Everything is made with quality ingredients nothing fancy and full of flavor. They do it right. I held my college graduation dinner here it is that good. I would recommend this to the pickiest of eaters  too.  I didn't know so many other people had discovered them.   I've often ordered whatever was a special of the day and never been disappointed with that  others not so hot; wine list pretty indifferent and slipping. But this kind of behavior is a game changer. I will never go back." As far as cost- you can get out of there for $40 for 2 and have a good meal or you can get the higher end dishes which will run you a bit more. Great place and we will be back soon!"  neighborhood place...wouldn't suggest people go out of their way to check it out  and the menu has something for everyone.  My personal faves are the black bean soup and the Bethany Home Chopped salad (and I'm not really a salad kind of gal :)!!!).  But don't shy away from the ribs "It had been years since I had been to PCG; but my friends Rich & Corey said lets go there.  Decided to try brunch today.  I had the   Stacked Green Chile Chicken Enchiladas thought it might be like chilaquiles - but it was very delicious!!!  The price is very reasonable.  My friends both had Smoked Salmon Benedicts - they looked very yummy.  Also  the owner actually cares about his customers and everyone i tell this story to they are like i can't believe he did that. Go to Phoenix City Grille you won't be disappointed. KUDOS to PCG and especially you Mr. Owner The best pan fried cornbread.    Have not eaten a meal that was not delicious.      Great place to eat and enjoy the pictures on the wall.  you must. If given the option I would pick 3.5 stars. This is because of the service and the lack of available specials (maybe cross them off the sandwich board out front when you run out?) I've heard they have a great happy hour and I would definitely recommend the bacon-wrapped shrimp on the app menu."  that's not what brought me. It was a chicken sandwich and was missing it's main condiment to boot. I got a side of whatever was supposed to go on it Definitely a go to place!"  and we'll certainly be back.  Mondays they have happy hour 3pm to close!"  but I'll make the drive to PCG any time I get an opportunity!"  but good. Seemed that he floor might not have been staffed well my 2nd visit." This place is very close to home and I will become a regular  I called Total Wine to see about buying a bottle for home and searched the vineyard's website for where to buy a bottle in Arizona but didn't get very far. I guess I'll have to add that to the reasons to return to Phoenix City Grille!"  lacked a little bit of seasoning. We shared the grilled beef tenderloin with mushrooms. The portions were great! I love a restaurant that has hardy dinner dishes for lunch. I'm not stuck ordering a salad  even if you aren't a downtown person - worth the trip!" Excellent place for a nice dinner out.  Even if you get in to steaks the place is not over the top expensive.  It was quiet enough we no trouble talking."  a coke for her and a pabst for myself. We gnoshed on those delicious burgers accompanied w/ garlic horseradish mashed potatoes ooooweee! Here was a dish that was so perfectly flavoured and well thought out and deceptively simple. without a shadow of doubt one of the best burgers i've had in phx. I would recommend PCG to any and all I hope to eat at PCG again sometime soon. The food and service were great and it definitely has a great ambiance about it." We topped off a perfect dinner with the warm croissant bread pudding. Great date destination and food that you will never forget." Although PCG is a little bit of a drive for me (outside my usual 5-mile maximum radius)  you know you are at Capital Grille.  Once you get past the fact that it is in a strip mall (a common occurance in Phoenix) and that it is located to a goofy clothing store next door  I'm going to head right back here and try it out! Everyone in AZ needs to know about this place. It's one of those solid classic restaurants you can go to for pretty much any occasion. 5 stars to PCG!" Phoenix City Grill is one of our favorites but this time they were too busy to provide prompt seating and service we expect.  We only visit once a year.  Maybe next time will be better."  this would be in my rotation for sure." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  the service has never been outstanding. My friends really like this place so we all meet there tonight. My friends(2 males) got there before i did. They had ordered wine and  had gotten me water.  The waitress  it is not my first choice.  It seems we always have a birthday or someone else's get together  and the place was pretty much full by the time we left @ 6:45 pm on a Thursday (we stopped in for an early bite after a Spring Training game nearby). I would be a regular if I lived here!  I'll definitely be back next time I am in town."  I love their seafood entrees and the sauteed veggies.  Hearty portion sizes but not over the top.  Still haven't figured out the magic in those mashed potatoes!  I'd try to save a little room to share a dessert I recommend the cheeseburgers and margaritas. They are very tasty and pair nicely. The atmosphere is very comfortable  make sure to try one of their Moscow Mules."  but the server never asked if I cared for another. The server only asked me if I wanted more water when it was time to leave the restaurant.  It also seemed to take awhile to get the check and pay for the food. The restaurant was only moderately busy "We love this place.  It's close to home and never disappoints.  I can honestly say Phx city grille is amazing !!!!! We go at least once a week great atmosphere and  food is great. A True gem to phx ....  my wife had some type of egg white omelet. The food and service was really good and they offered special drinks such as $3 mimosas. I highly recommend this place." I've never had a bad experience here. Everything I order is amazing. Friendly staff.  but wish the brunch menu were more interesting."  the bloody Mary was tasty and at $4 is a steal on a Sunday morning! My companions had the crab cake benedict and the bread pudding french toast (more like a dessert than a breakfast) The bill came out to about $40 with tax and tip  and good food. The environment was very laid back and relaxing. Definitely worth checking out if your in the area." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ We did order an item that was clearly on the happy hour menu (but we didn't know it was on the menu -- i.e. ""do you have a -blank- we can order?"")  the butter infusions!  Trying to figure out how I can go back in tonight and just do the deserts..." "This place has a great happy hour which we have been to a couple of times so we decided to have dinner there.  No comparison.  The burger I ordered was very dry and flavorless.  The bun was falling apart.  The ""beef sliders"" ordered by a member of our group were slices of dried out pot roast on a bun.  The shrimp appetizer ordered by another person was OK.  None of the food was outstanding (a $12.00 burger in central Phx should be).  Service was good.  The wine list was unusual and fairly priced.  I felt the prices were rather high for the quality of food.  The place was very dark which made it difficult to get around.  We shall stick with the happy hours there and skip the dinners." I will be back soon !" also the chili was quite nice also"  thankfully Phoenix City Grille has given me a solid option."  the ""Surf"" should always be lobster. Not a deal breaker but that is one offering on the menu that bothered me. The best part of this place is the bar  friendly and efficient servers. Food is exceptional from the steak tacos to the burgers and daily specials. The owner Sheldon is always there which is why it is so successful. Ask for Amy  service was good especially for a busy night and food was decent. I would definitely want to come back to try some drink specials and more desserts. =)"  the ambiance inside is very warm and welcoming. Instantly you will get the urge to enjoy a cocktail or in my case a Martini. PCG only gets better with the food. Classic comfort foods with a little southwest twist. The Griddle Corn Cakes were fantastic. You can definitely order that appetizer as an entree. I had the green chile burger and it was delicious. I don't think you could go wrong with any of the dishes on this menu. We will be back soon and often." Topped off with a gift of diamond earrings. How bad could it be??"  really? then to get a special and it has a small piece of fish and about a Quarter cup of salad for $29! Don't get me wrong I'm truly not a cheapskate but in this economy to pay $145 for three dinners Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ This update is not to say ""Woohoo! I got a free meal."" It's just an appreciation for when a restaurant is willing to own up to a mistake and try to make up for it. It also sounds like because of me "I had a lunch meeting here yesterday and had to wait for my clients to arrive so I got to watch the active so to speak for a few minutes. I have got to say what a fab little place with great customer service!  The staff greeted the regulars by first name and were extremely welcoming everyone coming in the door.  The food was great Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ "The ""Cheers"" of central Phoenix." I kind of think of it in terms of a wedding....a lot of wedding food isn't amazing but it works because it works for big groups....I think this place is like that. I probably wouldn't go here for a date  the presentation of food is much better when dining in. The to-go boxes and packing is not as nice as one would expect."  yum. And we'll keep coming back. Thanks PCG." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  you'd think they'd treat their patrons with less contempt. If PCG loses business  friendly and efficient servers. Food is exceptional from the steak tacos to the burgers and daily specials. The owner Sheldon is always there which is why it is so successful. Ask for Amy Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ If you're ever looking for a neighborhood staple  for renewing my faith in brunch." Lots of locals frequent this place - and often. It's located in a strip mall in an area that is undergoing a revitalization. Don't let that stop you from trying this place. You won't be disappointed." I would definitely recommend PCG for a big dining party.  They were courteous Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  which sounded fabulous but was only OK.  The Bloody Marys were delish but really spicy.  We sat outside and enjoyed the good weather but I really wish my breakfast had been more delish.  I will try it again but hope to land on something really good!" The hardest part may be not trying some of the other interesting restaurants in this part of Phoenix."  the food was excellent and the wine was smooth and wondeful.  I had their 16th St short rib stew (and kuddos that you have a small portion option) and it was scrumptious.  I practically licked the plate and you always know its a winner when I don't offer to have anyone taste my dish.  It had been a long time since we were there and I doubt if it will be a long time before we go back." What a place for brunch. $4 drinks are fantastic. Their tenderloin egg Benedict and sea food sandwich is heavenly. Wish we had such a place in Los Angeles. "Fabulous restaurant. Went with my girlfriends for Sunday brunch and it was fantastic from the moment we walked in. Our waitress was incredibly friendly (and even commented on how pretty I was - MAJOR tip for her obviously). The atmosphere was relaxed with a dim setting and apparently very popular for Sunday brunch (it even has its own menu). If you get to stop by  the shrimp are huge and absolutely delicious. We also had the crispy eggplant bites very good too. All 4 of us enjoyed our entrees...portions were perfect which left us room for dessert! We shared the bread pudding "Went here for late dinner with friends upon the recommendation of a local.  Unassuming location in a strip mall.  Parking lot was crowded.  Inside was bustling.  Menu had small plates I am in no rush to go back." Love that this is a locally-owned place and they never disappoint for date night for us! I always get the amazing pot roast - some of the best I've ever had! My husband usually gets the chicken & pasta dish or pot roast and swears by both of them. The bread pudding (and I'm not normally a fan) is truly out of this world and the perfect end to dinner! They must have an incredible staff as we've never had anything but excellent service there. The eggplant bites are amazing!  Everything we tried on our first visit was top notch and very reasonable. I am so impressed with/obsessed with their buttermilk pie that I found a recipe online and baked one at home.  Pales in comparison to theirs!  We'll definitely be back soon!  but I would certainly like to come back sometime and try out an entree.  Overall I would definitely recommend coming here!"  it slammed against the glass and sounded like a gunshot.  This was enjoyed during our one drink and appetizer before leaving.  So if you're a party of two le slaw was bland and Chili was essentially pork and beans without the pork. Good bar with great selection of tap beers. Sorry. Just not great food." "We stopped in for lunch and had a great experience. The food is great and the service was good too. If you stop in  love that it is non-chain and locally owned.  My dish was a layered chicken enchilada. It was delicious. I am dinging a star because it was barely tepid. I like my hot food hot! I was with a small group and did not want to make a fuss by sending it back. Love the decor and menu and will definitely give it another whirl. The service was excellent."  I was a little disappointed in the service. Otherwise would have given 4 stars."  it is not cheap but I guarantee you will find every penny worth.  I have it cooked in medium rare.  The meat is so tender and juicy.  You can taste the freshness.  I finishing my dinner with ""Bailey Cheesecake"" as the dessert.  This is the highlight of the dinner  this is definitely a place we will come back to!" We totally enjoyed our whole experience at Phoenix City Grille.  The service couldn't have been any better.  The gal was very attentive Ambiance is nice but the food lacks taste and is overpriced.. I also found it interesting that the waitress couldn't remember our order to save her life. Came back on several occasions to ask what we ordered.  but okay.  Good place to meet with your business clients." I tend to find everything else I've tried a bit too salty or oily to my taste (for example Be sure to try the Johnny Cakes - it was much more impressive than what I was expecting"  but I have never been disappointed. Prickly pear iced tea is excellent also. The atmosphere is nice and dim with cozy booths and prompt servers. This is one of my regular places :)" I have always enjoyed dinner with friends at Phoenix City Grille. I had never tried Happy Hour there so a friend and I decided to give it a try. We sat for almost 10 minute at bar before we were asked if we'd like a drink. The Green Chile Queso Fundido was quite tasty. We intended to order a few other items but We had to pry the bartenders to return for refills and food that we decided to leave and continue Happy Hour elsewhere. Keep you posted on our return to PCG... "Continue to be impressed with the very creative weekend specials....a really good restaurant with a unique neighborhood vibe.  Not pretentious Hubby had a chicken dish and I had the short rib special. Um...we will be back!!!!!" PCG would have gotten another star if it weren't for the lack and lackluster service.  I will definitely go back but I'm hoping the service will have improved."  but I must give credit where credit is due. I will be back there again to try some of their other items. Can't wait." My husband and I ate at Phoenix City Grille for the first time on Friday night and we loved it! As we walked in the door we were greeted with a quality aroma that you just don't get from a typical grill. All we knew is that we had to try the ribs and we were glad we did! I had the crusted fish and it was fantastic! The menu had many different price options and that was nice too because sometimes you just want a burger! I think another reason why we will come back is because I saw many gluten free items on the menu. We have a son with Celiac so finding a safe place to feed him is priceless! Also love the combustible to go box! Service was pretty good. We had a nice time and I think we'll definitely be back." Great food. Never really a long wait. A lot of old people though. The staff is just ok. If you ask for something say you don't want in a dish they get incredibly nervous even though you know they can do it every single time haha. Definitely give this place a try!"  I will definitely be returning. Thanks for the great service and meal." We had an amazing Valentine's Day dinner here this year. All the food was amazing. Warning!: The homemade margarita is more like a shot! Very delicious but very dangerous! ;) The taco appetizers were amazing!  We loved everything!  Topped it off with pumpkin cheesecake....amazimg! This place is super popular for good reason. If you're coming for a special occasion or with a larger group (which they can readily accommodate) I'd recommend a reservation."  and it's the job of the front line (the servers and front of the house staff) to inform guest of what things cost wither by having a price on a menu "The food here is amazing. I can't believe that this was only my first time. The price is very reasonable. I am one that usually leaves some on my plate  and friendly service.  Well-sorted menu with vegetarian and seafood options (yay me). Deschutes Brewery Porter. Affordable price point."  because he was constantly on top of refilling our drinks and such without us even noticing. Big portions of food are given. We could have shared a plate between the two of us. We could only finish half of our sandwiches The restaurant only has about 20 tables F8pSVQoGWD5qleelrxgQ4g  it was a very nice Valentine's dinner spot.  I hope to see this special on their menu again as my husband and I both really loved it.   It was Grilled Sea Bass with a champagne sauce  but we've never had any major issues.    I feel like a restaurant really needs to be perfect to get 5 stars.  I would say this is more of a 4.4 star review.  They are consistently very good.  It also pays to get on their email list for free appetizers and desserts." "I've lived in Phoenix since 1997 and finally got to Phoenix City Grille.  Great food This is an update to my last review. The service is MUCH better. Sat at the bar & they check in on you regularly and are very nice. The bacon wrapped shrimp is OUTSTANDING. It is a must to try. I definitely recommend this place. "This is the 2nd time we've been here and we were not at all disappointed with the food or service. The menu was different than the 1st time we came 2 years ago and they tried to sit us in the corner http://www.attorneysteve.net" "Everything was great.  Requested to split two entres and four separate plates came out...As requested  the staff was so friendly I felt like family. I haven't had a bad thing from their menu  my wife and I are still loving every meal!  The bar area has a cool vibe and the happy hour deals are great.  Ownership is constantly improving the concept of PCG which secures this restaurant as our favorite in town." PCG has many choices and everything I have had has been wonderful. Saturday we both had the special steak of the day. The steak was delicious and the red pepper potatoes even better! They have a nice wine selection and the Old Vine Zin we tried was very nice."  not a great experience." Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ The service is always adequate to great and it is nice to have a restaurant that tends to have a relaxed atmosphere and is generally on the quieter side.  This is generally one of the restaurants I will take friends and family to when they are visiting as it tends to please a broad range of personalities and palettes." This place is by far my favorite place to eat. My first time going there my parents took me for my bday! Their eggplant bites and corn cakes are thee best appetizers. Their bread pudding is thee best sweet thing I've ever put in my mouth! Thumbs up to this place!! Bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer is fantastic!!!" Pfb6VOIiroqDWOebfgWGPQ  so we decided to ""settle"" for it. What a surprise! The food was absolutely world class Excellent service. Beautiful place. Hubby had an excellent burger. The Eggplant sandwich with goat cheese was awesome. We will be back!! we all left big fans of this spot and are looking forward to returning!!!!!!!!!!!!" "Great place to go for after-work drinks. Varied happy hour menu. Very peaceful and quiet. Nice ambience. Waiter wasn't too attentive at first  and no complaints after five visits.  I agree with Steve V. that the eggplant appetizer is *really  and a short pour on the wine. Clearly annoyed when we had a question about our bill. Shrimp was tasty  I loved the sun-dried tomatoes and the broccoli along with the pasta.    There were crispy tortilla strips in my friend's salad that she didn't want so I put it on my pasta.   This is a hint to the restaurant:   Maybe put those strips on the pasta??   The crispness and flavoring of the corn tortilla strips were a nice compliment to the texture and flavoring of the pasta.   If her salad was ""small  I wanted to leave; ordered a Coke but got a flat diet soda. I am allergic to diet soda. The food was just plainly bad. Couldn't wait to get home to use mouthwash and brush my mouth to get rid of the flavor of their food. Please We  were greeted warmly by the owners.  The staff was very attentive .surprised that there were no bread or crackers. Ordered their soup which was nice and hot.soup of the day was Paso Le which was broth and spicy.   . Had their burger with blue cheese and fresh jalapeos  it was a little over cooked but good  flavor "I had a dinner date there. Doesn't look too pricy till you get there and you're there in an atmosphere which makes you want to spend a little more and you see their specialty drinks. Very inviting bar area. Next time I go back I want to eat and drink there. Service was pretty awesome "You will not find one thing on this menu that is not crazy flavorful. Great ambiance  service! Servings are large and care to presentation is evident! This restaurant deserves 5 stars!" "OMG - just had their special:  baked cod on mashed potatoes with brussel sprouts and ""mom's special bacon vinaigrette"".  It was to die for - seriously one of the best fish meals ever."  amazing food. Will return." We will be returning!" What a great place! The drinks are on the fringe of being grand. The butter beer is served hot instead of warm and the best gin they have to offfer is skol. The food is prepared very well from mesquitie grilled salmon and perfect scored grill marked steak. The polenta is superb. It was obvious the hummus was hand crafted for it contained the tell signs of a little grit. Perfectly balanced with olives and chunk of vegetables. The pita is warm and tastes of being baked in store. The bread pudding to finish it off was heavy and tasted of French toast. Unfortunately I did not taste Jack Daniel's lime whiskey in what it promised. Otherwise the server was wise and professional in our table needs. I look forward to trying the trout next time. We went to Phoenix City Grill for Christmas Eve Dinner. It was busy but not rediculously so. The hostess staff were helpful and friendly. We had a reservation for 6 people and we were seated promptly. The waitress was attentive and friendly. We ordered off of the special Christmas Eve menu and off of the regular menu. Everything was cooked as ordered and everyone raved about the food. It was a nice evening and we would go back. Overall every thing was excellent "I just finished a phenomenal lunch at PCG.  The special of the day was grilled mahi-mahi over mixed vegetables.  There is no better lunch in town for the money.  Service is always prompt I will spend my money elsewhere....." We are tourists just getting some dinner.  This restaurant was fantastic. Price vs quality of food can't be beat.  The server was very nice and the dinner was just the right portions. "This restaurant is one of our favorites in town!  The service is top notch and the food is wonderful.  Thanks for being one of the most reliable Veggie plate is an entree I wish I would have tried." Went here for Valentine's Day with my boyfriend. It was our first time there and people ordered the steak and appetizer and a dessert. I thought the meal was excellent very flavorful and worth every penny. The service was good as well. I would definitely go back thank you for a wonderful valentine's Day experience!  you can count on it.    I sure would like to have the flavoring mix of the pasta.   I had called the restaurant to find out the name of my dish since it was the special of the night.    I was told it used to be on the menu Service was great though!" a pleasant surprise. She also offered free dessert but we were full and thought that would be greedy.  So will still have a positive view of this foodery and will continue to go back....their standards are high."  was confident in the menu and gave a generous pour. My beautiful plate of Idaho trout w/roasted cauliflower tasted perfect. Her plate of cedar plank salmon and fingerling potatoes was excellent. The fish was perfectly prepared  though not perfect (but I am admittedly picky about braised meats). Shoestring fries - a substitution provided without complaint - are not my favorite style  which is like the appetizer but super sized and served between two delicious brioche buns. Both entrees are fantastic! Service was great and the space is nicely lit with a lot of natural light. It's just a little bit on the pricey side." I'll be back for more the next time I'm in Phoenix!" "Love PCG. We are what you would call regulars. We eat at PCG at least twice a week if not three and there is not a thing on the menu I do not like. Monday and Tuesday they have happy hour until close (u can't go wrong with that) $6 glass of Fess Parker and half priced bacon wrapped shrimp Everyone is super nice. I love this place. It's my first time here and I'm definitely coming back. They are fast friendly and attentive. I got the a Burger and fries they were delicious. I just can't believe I have never been here before. What have I been doing withy life. Terrible service. I came in here not too long ago and a girl name Britney served us. She was awful I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Not only was she rude but the food took forever and was not even worth the wait. Never going back and hopefully the management does something about the service soon.. "Our party of seven had no complaints! Just great service and great food! My wife and I both had the Bethany Home Salad I've never had anything here that I didn't like. I tell people it is fancy versions of comfort food. Their brunch is  amazing - especially the griddled corn cakes and eggs Benedict. Great atmosphere and service.  very consistent good food and service.  My wife and I enjoy the daily specials lunch or dinner it is always creative and delicious. Waitstaff is friendly and efficient. We've been going there for 4 years and we think best place in the city."  the other was dry and almost inedible.  My wife had the cedar plank salmon.  Had some kind of weird mustard crust on top.  I didn't like it at all.  She found it mediocre.  It is a cute "I love this place. Usually my wife and I sit in the bar area and we are taken care of by a fine cadre of barkeeps.  B School Boyos Austin and Connor are the bartenders we see the most.  They are friendly and know how to conjure up a classic cocktail. PSG has a solid southwestern menu  a commodity you're hard pressed to find on this side of the country...specially brought in from a local bakery called Shelley's Specialty Desserts this pie did not disappoint either!! It's been years since I was able to enjoy this type of pie and surpassed the hype I had placed on the moment!! We will be back and HIGHLY recommend PCG!!!!" Excellent gourmet-level fare served up with friendly and professional service.  Great business lunch spot!  Everything we had was tasty and spot on.  PCG was an easy choice for our wedding rehearsal dinner. Sheldon helped us plan a wonderful dinner and the room was perfect for our group. PCG printed a special menu for our guests and everyone was delighted by the food My Husband and I stopped in for a few drinks and apps. I literally can't stop thinking about the Machaca. Super friendly bar staff and if their dinner menu is anything like the appetizers we tried... I'm afraid we might become PCG addicts. Will be back for sure!!  outstanding service! Nicholas has been one of the best servers we've had anywhere. He was extremely helpful and his recommendations were perfect. I would definitely recommend Phoenix City Grille. And I don't think you could order a bad thing on the menu. We are looking forward to our next visit."  especially the corn cakes.  Service and ambiance are excellent.  Always get the chocolate tort!   Yum." This is one of my favorite spots in town! Just great home cooking. The Buttermilk pie is to Die For! This is a Phoenix must!  hoping the other was not having the same experience.  I'm sure they would have made it right if I had brought it to their attention."  My GF had the eggplant salad which the eggplant was fried and crispy and topped with greens and that vinaigrette dressing. Delicious! The entrees were unbelievably so good! My beef short ribs was so tender and flavorful I was able to cut through with a fork. It came with mashed potatoes and a tasty sauce over. She had the salmon which was equally as tender and flavorful which came with beets. The third and final course was dessert. I had the warm chocolate torte with vanilla ice cream and my GF had the bread pudding. Perfect ending to perfect 3 course dinner. No complaints! Our bartender/server was David "My group and I were in the private dining room last week and Britney was our server. I had the pcg pasta and I loved it. The service was amazing Best place for a private event. If you are a rep looking to do a dinner training event you have to book this place. They have the private room next to the kitchen - away from the rest of the restaurant so it's fantastically quiet if you are tying to give a presentation to a small group.  No fee for the projector or screen - private bathrooms- personal server and top notch food.  They made us a personalized limited menu but they will also offer full.  Sheldon is the owner and he really set up a great facility - I travel the west looking for decent places to give small dinner presentations (8-20) and it's always too loud or the food is bad.  5 stars all the way for Phoenix city grill "We just had a small group dinner in their private room and once again they did outstanding! The food was great  I had the lunch special salad. Lunch for two people took over 90 minutes and it took 15 minutes to get our drinks. The location is easy to get in and out of The nice thing about this restaurant is we were able to get a private room for our party of about 9 people."  and has a perfect range of entries that cover most appetites. Food is always prepared perfectly and the bar is a great place to gather. Can't go wrong here. Planked Salmon We found the Phoenix City Grille by accident while visiting Phoenix. We were there for lunch and the food exceeded our expectations. The service was very good. The next time we are in Phoenix this will be our first stop. I keep giving this place a shot because it's in my neighborhood but honestly. It just isn't worth it. The service is what gets me. I can never flag someone down to place an order. I always leave and go to either Luci's or The garage across the street and three years straight I have gotten spectacular service there. had the beet salad it was was good but for the price to small considering it should be a meal had half of my wife's burger now that was really good cook perfect and juicy as hell down side the service was very slow had to ask for water all time and that was from other servers because ours was never around but will be back at least for one of the Burger's Just stopped in for free lunch for Veteran's Day. I had the 16th St Burger and Horseradish Mashed Potatoes. WOW! I sat at the bar. The service was awesome and everyone made a point to thank me for my service. Feeling proud after this visit. Staff and ownership is overall wonderful. If something ever goes wrong they will make it right.  Very rare do bad things happen.  Great vibe.  Great music.  Happy hour all day Monday and Tuesday Outstanding service! Everything was fresh and served absolutely superb. Over exceeds expectations. Staff is very welcoming and friendly. Loved it!  served by a truly attentive wait staff in a cozy warm environment.  We be back and soon." I would love to come back on my own and try something else"  yum.  Bread pudding desert is to die for.  Also liked the prickly pear iced tea.  Definitely worth the price.   David was a great waiter!"  comfortable and accessible setting. Pork shoulder entree was not only tender and juicy but tasty and interesting. One of the other guests couldn't stop raving about the burger (I thought a questionable holiday dinner order but he loved it - was sure he was going to order Prime Rib). Everyone at the table was pleased with their food - scallops "What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said. It is a solid restaurant. The food is great Best place for a private event. If you are a rep looking to do a dinner training event you have to book this place. They have the private room next to the kitchen - away from the rest of the restaurant so it's fantastically quiet if you are tying to give a presentation to a small group.  No fee for the projector or screen - private bathrooms- personal server and top notch food.  They made us a personalized limited menu but they will also offer full.  Sheldon is the owner and he really set up a great facility - I travel the west looking for decent places to give small dinner presentations (8-20) and it's always too loud or the food is bad.  5 stars all the way for Phoenix city grill Having a wonderful time at Phoenix City Grill today  picture of our server wonderful girl a lot of fun Phoenix City Grill is a classic institution. Food has always been good and the service is great  we brought our 9 month old daughter and requested a high chair. The straps on the chair were broken so we asked for a different one... And the 2nd high chair was also broken. The staff was amazing  horseradish mashed potatoes excellent! My husband loved his pcg pasta. Really good food." "I was invited to brunch with friends who are regulars. I've passed by this place a bunch of times. It's in a strip mall and doesn't look like much from the outside but when I walked in I was pleasantly surprised. The ambiance was casual with a touch of elegance. Our server was Nina who was delightful and pleasant. I decided on an Arnold Palmer for a beverage although my peers were having bloody mary's and mimosas. I decided on the breakfast sandwich and asked that it be served on the gluten free hamburger bun. It was one of the tastiest breakfast sandwiches I have ever had. A couple friends had the ""catch"" of the day which I believe was salmon and they enjoyed it. I will absolutely be back." Excellent food and service.  Salmon was so tender and moist and the sauce wonderfully complementary for the fish.  Portions were perfect. Vegetables were delicious. Stoped here for dinner.  Our waitess was not bad but not the greatest. I think she wad having a bad day. The food was very good. I would recommend  this place you won't  be disappointed. I don't really have that much to say here - it's your typical American Grill with some Southwest flair but unlike most of those places it is actually very good! And it's local to boot!"  happy hour and brunch. So why don't I frequent this place?  I just don't know... I've never left here thinking the food or service was amazing but I've never thought it was bad either. This is a place I agree to go to at someone else's suggestion Give this place a try and you wont be disappointed."  which he said were fantastic. For dinner I had the beet salad that was good. Staff was friendly & food was good. Don't forget to try the French 75...it has become my favorite cocktail thanks to this lovely place & brilliant bartenders :)" The 16th street burger was good not anything spectacular. I happen to like my burgers a tad more rare than some chefs are willing to do - a bit more medium and dry than I prefer was what I was given. The cheese on it was slightly over powering Is there better options? ABSOLUTELY!"  of course I had to take a picture in front of it. *smiley face*"  you would never know its so spacious and elegant inside. I love the wine bottle area  the area north of Camelback and Central  has some good places to eat thanks to  the million dollar homes around here.  This place is worth a visit.  I am going back for another enchilada............"  not trendy. Just awesome food and great service." "I've lived down the street from PCG since December 2015 - finally got around to visiting.  AWESOME!  Really great atmosphere - much larger on the inside than you would expect from looking at the outside.  Rebekka was our server and she was fantastic.  I ordered a side salad (not listed on the menu but they were happy to prepare) and asked for a dinner roll.  The roll was crusty on the outside I've been here several times and have always had a good meal.  I wanted salmon today... but I'm always reluctant to order salmon out.  Even at upscale restaurants it tends to be way too fishy for my taste.  I went out on a limb and ordered the salmon skewers over arugula and roasted beets. It honestly might have been the best salmon I've had out.  It was cooked perfectly - with no fishy taste whatsoever - melt in your mouth good.  The salad was wonderful as well.  I ate every yummy morsel.  I will definitely be back for lunch and this will be my go to.  and I was glad to have ordered it! The crispy eggplant with the jalapeo jelly was delicious and unique. The fries that came on the side were hot and crispy. I also ordered a red sangria and it was one of the best sangrias I've had; it was a little drier than most  and my eggs benedict was very disappointing. The hollandaise was super thin and I could detect no taste to it at all. They no longer had the pork tenderloin benedict which is listed on their online menu I would highly recommend this place!"  and the sandwiches are very good.  Not your plain The place is pretty good for escaping a bad day.  You can sit upstairs with your sandwich and a book and sip iced tea until you're ready to go out and face the world again.  I also went on a pretty reasonable date there once.  We sat outside on the upper porch and talked until the place was closing."  and if you go during the lunch hour any day of the week (including weekends) No worries - The Duck is always good."  though the lunch line can be a little menacing (don't expect a quick meal)." This is a great place to grab a handmade sandwitch and snoop threw the store while you wait!"  but that's probably best since I would be here all the time for a sammie and some wine come happy hour. Is it 4 pm yet?" "I have been coming here since I was a little kid.  I have always loved Duck and Decanter... can't believe it has taken me this long to write a review.    I usually always get the same thing... albacore tuna on ciabatta bread with avocado and sharp cheddar.  It is the best!  This time I decided to try something new... I got one of their specialty sandwiches called the Genoa.  It had Genoa salami   artisanal cheeses and more! I was amused that they take your lunch order on a brown bag and put your lunch in it. Had an excellent roast beef sandwich and sat out front (note for summer: they only have outdoor seating). Clean -They do not deliver." This is an awesome lunch stop for those on a budget and they happen to stock a respectable beer selection to boot.  Mmmm They also have the BEST horseradish in the world.  If you like hot  but I nice place to  eat."  and the sometimes ""airy"" staff behind the counters.  But all in all though we had a great time and will definitely be going again soon." A note to those parking here. The spots for customers is between the office building and the parking structure just south of the building." The cheese plate will leave you speechless along with a great vino."  and we all ordered drinks from the supremely affable bartender. There's probably 100 different types of beers/wines here...I didn't have time to browse all the gourmet groceries...it was an ideal marriage of tasty food and atmosphere this last day of April. I guess I'll go inside next time I'm here; it's about to get so hot! Edit: they tell me they have misters too The location is a bit hidden and the patios somewhat awkward. Parking is disappointing. But this is compared to the pre-freeway  it had a strange taste to it - like it was watery or something. the pickle was not very good either. if this review were just for the sandwich it would be four stars. the lackluster potato salad and pickle aren't enough to stop me from coming back to the duck to savor the wide variety of other treats this place has to offer The Duck will forever be a place I like to enjoy sitting outside with either an iced tea or a glass of wine with friends n  family and nosh on some yummy food."  this in it self is kind of unusual as I can more than likely wait until the end of the day before I have to eat. Plus the fact I have enough fat on me to last a few months I would not be starving to death any time soon if I missed a meal or three. So I asked Bruce  today that changed.  I had the brie/prosciutto sandwich and I the fiesta salad. Both were great and I thought a great price for what you got.  The sandwich was very big. The salad was huge with a huge scoop of chili and a lot of avocado.  Very This is not a place for those individuals looking for a fancy dancy sandwich. This is a place to have fun And if you can figure out what city the place reminds you of  hearty bread and I love that pine nuts are in the veggie. One of the best lunch spots ever!" Sitting outside at night with a wonderful sandwich in this strangely out of place shop is an opportunity not to be missed.  But take care to go there when you have some time to really savor the place.  Like the wine I still have been here many times and will come back.  I like the atmosphere here and makes me feel like I'm not in Phoenix.  I recommend this place  best in the valley...but prices are still too high!  Yet  sandwich shop and gathering of just plain great folks. Oh yeah and Beverly Kidd was great fun to be with and eat with.. she also seemed to like the Chocolate Surprise cake I got for her.... opppss was that suppose to be kept quite?" Overall four stars.  Pretty good happy hour specials and a nice setting.  Bet this would be a pretty great place to go in the evenings when it's a tad warmer." When I am in town again I want to return to try another yumfest sandwich. I love em!!" HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A I am so happy to go someplace and get EXACTLY what i want and order.  Cucumbers?  Sure!  Many and fresh.  Avocado?  Sure!  Lots and fresh.  Turkey?  Lots and fresh.  Iced tea?  Which flavor?  And a pickle and a mint in the bag.  Super. jOs47GO0b7iPsbYZe-lLSQ Friendly staff and an interesting selection of gourmet items Nice place to catch up with your girlfriends over glasses (and more glasses) of wine. Patio Platter on the Patio...must I say more?  must either beat the lunch crowd or postpone your visit until after the lunch hour This is not your average place to grab a bite to eat--highly recommend!!" The service was very friendly but I took a long while to get our sandwiches.  There must have been a large order ahead of us or something because there weren't many people in the place.  I couldn't imagine going here on a weekday during the  lunch rush because the line would likely be out the door and would take forever to get your food.  Luckily for me I went on a hot Sunday afternoon." It is a very unique place and I have never had a bad experience." They also have good fresh pastas you can get for sides and cake and pie slices for desert." "Have enjoyed this spot for years but what has happened to Camelback store? Sandwiches and friendly staff still good as ever but during two-three visits over past year Excellent sandwiches.  Avocado on toasted sourdough was the best.  Must have had two whole avocados on the sandwich! My overall recommendation: just go across the parking lot to Einstein's."  prompt service. Clean tables. Great atmosphere!  The only real problem is your wallet is going to be much """The Duck"" has been a regular haunt for me as long as I can remember. Even as a child I loved going to the Duck & Decanter. The sandwiches are absolutely delish as well as original. If you're not feeling adventurous though  call ahead and place an order to pick up because it can get pretty busy during lunch time. They also deliver!" I love this place so much. Delicious and fun to be at.  I will and eat some where else first."  cuter restaurant.  It holds a lot of tcotchkes and imported items.  The sandwiches are pricey but delicious and come with a pickle.  Worth a visit.  (the downtown location doesn't have nearly as much charm)  Stick with ordered custom sandwiches and not the sandwich trays which are just your typical roast beef HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A  it doesn't. I can make the same sandwiches are home. Honestly.. they're pretty standard. Way overpriced and the gift shop is so crammed with stuff it's overwhelming and annoying." I can't forget the nice wine menu here as well.  What a great place to go on the weekends and relax." Cheese lovers delight!!!"  to handmade cards and organic rices. Great place overall and I just can't wait to introduce someone to it so they can enjoy it as much as I have."  but there were a ton of veggies. I didn't feel like I was gipped at all. Most sandwich places will give you the flattest sandwich possible. But this one was large and in charge. I got full half way through and still ate the whole thing because of how good it tasted. I think the value for a sandwich like this is just about the same as every other sandwich shop I have had that has a vegetarian option. It was $7  you'll get a tasty sandwich and the upstairs area is a nice quiet place to talk with your friends during a meal.  If you're looking for a bargain Comeon...get over yourself D&D." I am partial to the swiss cheese because I have not been able to find cheese like that anywhere else  perfect for a luncheon with friends. The iced coffee is good and so are their sandwiches." Tasty local grub. Not cheap but fresh and delicious. "I have such mixed flippie floppie feelings for D&D. I absolutely LOVE the selection of loose teas (black currant is number one good). The market area has a ton of neat little knickknacks When I go I usually order the Avacado Sandwich or the Briesciutto."  that place needs a serious dusting. Yuck." Toast the bread and shoot the breeze for a great experience!"  check out the cool (unique!) stuff they carry!  A great place to pick up souveniers for visitors or a gift for a friend.  The patio (in nice weather) is very nice with wonderful mature trees I cant wait to go back!"  and you can sit either outside or upstairs if you want to 'dine-in'."  the sandwiches are not cheap and they don't give you much for your $."  it didn't last very long and wasn't nearly as good as it was in the restaurant."  but this one is better.  That one caters more to those that need something to go quickly!" I have been here a ton of times and the sandwiches are always great. The have a lovely little market as well and the patio is the best. On Sunday afternoons they have live music on the patio. I stopped by here for the Local First event and it was really impressive!  There was a beer tasting going on on the patio of the bar and samples of cheese and tea provided for free."  so we couldn't also get lunch on the spot and had to go elsewhere for a full meal. I like this event as a way to try food samples and explore potential places to visit in the future."  but I'm sure its good too. I know this place has been around for a long time and I have no idea what it tasted like before Tuna pita pockets are the best. Great place for food!!!!! I've never been disappointed here. "Went here for a friends birthday. They have a nice outside patio. That you can reserve. Great options for sandwiches & wine. I absolutely love these types of places where it's a deli but also a great little shop with crazy jams  it was awkward and a bit uncomfortable inside.  There is no flow.  The dry goods were exceptionally overpriced ($5.39 for a box of Carr's crackers?!).  I decided to order a little lunch and explore.  There is no love lost between customers and employees here.  I ordered a sandwich and the order taker assumed I was done.  I then asked for a side and he offered if I would like a drink.  He provided me with a large styrofoam cup.  If I hadn't already explored the interior before ordering  so be sure to check the hours before you stop by."  some deli meat and some dijon mustard at any grocery store and make a comparable sandwich?  I am a long time Phoenix resident  an eclectic wine offering and top-notch service make this place my new favorite Valley staple. Great for events! Keep them in mind for your baby shower/bar mitzvah/engagement party etc."  but did so with a sad heart. Everything looked wonderful. My friend and I had a great lunch and leisurely talked for hours. No wait staff came to give us dirty looks or cleared our plates as we took our last bites. It was a good experience and I will definitely come again. Next time I will eat some sweets I have been coming to the Duck for over 20 years and highly recommend it. Watch out for the weekly lunch rush though. It gets extremely busy and problematic if you have somewhere to be." "The cheese selection is very large and reasonably priced for the kinds of cheese available. That is not to say that duck and decanter is cheap. I prefer the staff at the north central location over this location. Duck and Decanter almost has a monopoly on unique cheeses ENJOY EVERYONE!!!!!!!" Duck and Decanter is truly a great place to get a great quality sandwich and spend some quality time with the family." "I love the happy hour on Fridays with live music. Usually take friends here and always have a great time. Very well staffed  you should definitely stop by Duck & Decanter. This is one of the best sandwich places in Phoenix!" This place had me grinning ear to ear like a fool.  Makes me happy and i can't wait to go back!" Food quality was ok - the bread was nothing to write home about (and is that not what makes a sammie?) - veggies were fresh and deli meat was meh.  Sorry - I wanted to love it -"  had more great sandwiches.  It's so easy to get a really layered and yummy vegetarian sandwich with great side treats.  And the meat-a-tarians in the family loved their sandwiches too!" This is no ordinary deli. My mom and my grandfather & I used to have lunch here all the time when I was a little girl. I'm glad to see that it's still the same and just as good as I remember it to be. It has a certain homey feeling to it. The sandwiches are amazing! The smoked turkey is still my favorite.  The outside patio is the best place to enjoy your lunch when the weather is lovely.  This is a real Phoenix treasure. You need to try it. Enough said. "This is one of the best places to get a deli sandwich. They are nice and piled high on the freshest bread. You get to choose what goes on your sandwich. There are a lot of side items to choose from as well like potato salad   we will give it another shot.  I want to buy some goodies in there."  as well as a generous helping of salad also with a dill pickle on the side and a taffy in a brown paper bag. Totaling a little over $4.50. Then I made my way over to the bar area and got a 12oz craft beer for their happy hour special of $3.00. So I basically got a generous quality lunch that left me stuffed and satisfied for $8.41 total. I was very impressed with everything and very much look forward to going back and eating there again." "It's sort of sad to live in Arizona your whole life and then out of nowhere get asked to meet someone at ""duck and decanter"" and... Not knowing what they're talking about. I'm pretty sure my friends almost disowned me when they found out I was a ""duck and decanter VIRGIN!"" Yeah yeah. I came here on a Sunday and instantly fell in love with all the knickknacks and large variety of rootbeer. This place is now a staple when I want to meet someone in that area of town. Oh Veggie Sandwich = Vegetarian heaven!  SO fresh and I actually ate the entire sandwich and that is RARE!  Tea is fresh and I loved everything about this place!  one of my new favorites! One of my favorite places now!  Excellent albacore tuna and a wonderful selection of wine. Could offer high end wines at a more appealing price and may sell more  looks like mostly local companies. I bought a bottle jalapeno and onion barbecue sauce which turned out to be delicious. I'd like to think I'll do some of my shopping here if I ever get around to cooking my own food."  don't forget to sign up on their website for the kids club - the kids get to pick an item out of the Treasure Chest on each visit.  Just another cheap little trinket to step on late at night or get lost in the couch "Last time I visited Duck & Decanter I was very disappointed. I have been visiting this place since high school and it has always been great but for some reason this time everything was off. My sandwich bread was hard and inedible We found another new go-to-spot for lunch!" Really Fresh ingredients. I went with the Duckling which had a very unique but pleasantly great taste. I will absolutely go back. There are too many places in this area to mess up that bad on a simple sandwich order to go back and try it again." This is a wonderful deli. It's the only place I've found that has edible gluten-free bread. The food is always delicious and the staff gives good small town friendly service. They truly appreciate their customers and take pride in their work. There are several more options that are fantastic but too many to name. Come check this place out and sit upstairs to see some local art or come on in when they have live music (Fridays I think). This is a great place to take out of towners."  and a great deli counter selection! They have a wine cellar with a great selection (not a HUGE selection) of hand picked great wine. Seating is outdoor  I love you too. I was just trying to be a big man in front of my friends. Your sandwiches are great."  the name is unusual. The restaurant is tucked away and has trees surrounding the building. It almost feels like you're away from Arizona. The place is set up like a deli but also like a small store and a coffee bar and an art gallery and a patio space...super unique. I love the selection of foods and beverages. Ordering is simple (that is when you know what you want) and you have a chance to browse through the aisles as you wait for your order. They also have a loft space upstairs to enjoy your food but there's seating downstairs and outside on multiple patios. Perfect place for a weekday lunch or a brunch with your friends." "Food was good but won't be going there again. My friend and I had our 3 little kids with us (two of them only a year old). The babies were a bit fussy but not being out of control  imported treats and gift ideas I find in the little shop. You can't go wrong with the Duck "I was very shocked to see that my review from yesterday had been hidden! What is the point of this website if people can't write their opinion? Obviously whoever is in charge of this restaurant's yelp site didn't want people to see how POORLY my children and I were treated at this establishment. A friend of mine and our 3 little boys (two of them babies) came into eat yesterday when a manager came to us and told us we needed to quiet it down. It was quite ridiculous and offensive  but friends tell me that the beer selection is also stellar. Staff is always friendly. Can't wait for the summer to be over and to enjoy a leisurely afternoon on their patio again." My favorite sandwich in the world. Been eating here since I was 2 and I will never get tired or sick of it. Duck and decanter holds a special place in my heart. There is nothing bad about this place :). Omg this place is so cute I love it so much. There place makes me feel like I'm out at California in the red woods or something eating amazing sandwiches. I had there ham egg and cheese sandwich was like the best ever I so am coming back I love it love it love it.  enjoy music on the patio as you nosh and share a drink. Highly recommend the roast beef on marble rye or any of their pocket pitas."  but the Duck's overall mellow environment somehow soothes me to the point that I find myself actually enjoying the presence of the mini-humans. And if I enjoy anywhere enough to actually consider motherhood  live music...add a glass of wine and it's casual and super relaxed :-)" This place has the best sandwiches. And they've been consistently great every time I have eaten here in the past 25 years.  vegetation or flowers. Felt like we were sitting on a concrete slab in the shopping center parking lot.  Also looked a bit trashy with several dirty tables left unattended. Ambiance a big Zero.  After about 25 mins of waiting outside at the table the rest of my party came out with brown paper bags and drink cups.  In that amount of time we could of had a fabulous sit down and served lunch at one of the many great cafs in the neighborhood. They said it was busy ordering the food and only two persons working behind the line taking orders.  On a busy Sunday afternoon this is unacceptable. I ordered a BLT on sourdough bread with a side of coleslaw.  For almost $8.00 per sandwich they could afford to be a little less chinsy with them. The sourdough bread was just cheap white bread that you can buy at the grocery for 99 cents per loaf.  There were exactly 2 slices of over cooked bacon with a piece of brown wilted lettuce on mayo.  The only ingredient they were generous with was the whole tomato that was sliced and piled on the sandwich to make it appear that it was a heartier sandwich.  I didn't order a big fat tomato and mayo sandwich. Shame on you Duck and Decenter.  My side of coleslaw was practically inedible.  Coleslaw swimming in watered down slaw sauce (more like mayonnaise and warm milk) was not at all tasty.  Another person in my party ordered an over priced spinach salad with barely any spinach.  She never told them when ordering yo hold the spinach. Really people!!!! Also she had to wait another 25 mins to get her ice tea because she was told that they had run out. Couldn't they have told her when she ordered it and let her make a different drink choice.  While eating our less than acceptable meal a man was playing the guitar and singing.  He sounded okay but his volume was way way to loud. We literally could not even coo in ate with each other being at least 50 feet away from him.  This total experience at the Duck and Decanter left a bitter taste in my mouth and not just from the awful food. We will never be back.  They can keep their lousy service  so loud and somewhat abrasive when the singer talked to the audience. I couldn't hear or talk to the person sitting right next to me.   This was the 29th and a Sunday brunch.  Disappointed  it made up in taste! This tightly rolled burrito was bursting with flavor and the crispy delicious bacon was a constant exclamation point throughout the burrito. Easily one of my top 3 best breakfast burritos I have ever had. Ever. I look forward to grinding through another one of those bad-boys out on that awesome patio in the near near future." HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A  but I really can't wait to go back and try it again.  Once I've had the option to try other things and get a better feel for the place  the outdoor space was very family friendly and multi-generational. If you're in the neighborhood check it out!"  which was delicious and satisfying. We liked the shop inside and had fun looking at everything and smelling the different teas and coffees sold there. I also really liked how they were pet friendly with biscuits and water bowls outside. We cannot wait to go back!" Great place for lunch!  There is a cool market with wines and foods that are a true treat.  This place is old Phoenix but still hitting it out of the park for lunch.  I would love to come back off of the clock to have wine and access tot ehir menu off the cloce.  I look forward to my next trip back. I've only had lunch here but now that Pugize's is closed this is the only place I order a sandwich! It's veggies seem more fresh and crisp and as always the meats are great! I love their selection of tea. In the winter I love to sit outside. They have a very nice patio. This is just a nice place to have lunch!  one visit does not make a complete story.  Heat does crazy things to people and it was a CRAZY hot day.  Overall  the wine bar/pub area is kind of a locals secret getaway with a huge wine cellar and some tasty beers on tap--especially during fall patio time.  If you're ready for a sandwich that is a cut above your standard deli chain  it is classic Phoenix! The sandwiches are artfully made to your exact specifications and I love how you can taste every ingredient in every bite. That is their standard of tasty quality! My fave is Where's the Beef with a portion of turkey Was a bummer to see that my hot food was microwaved in front of me.  Aside from that their cold sandwiches and wraps are tasty  the selection and service is wonderful!"  and great food too.  The Mexicana coffee here is my personal favorite.  Breakfast burritos are good too.  This location seems to have a lot of competition in the area (McDonalds Very delicious sandwich. Great Wine Collection and they have live music on the weekends. I will definitely be back. Oh - and they put your sandwich in a bag that has ""the nooner"" printed on it.  Ha.  Nooner." Love the honey glazed ham pocket sandwich. It's a must try. They also have a great selection of teas to choose from. I personally love the cherry and blueberry.  but you can order ahead for pickup.  Its great to see this valley gem thrive and still stay true to its roots as long as it has.  Hopefully Randy's family will continue the business long enough for me to take my own kids here one day." HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A  regular sandwich prices around around 7-8 (still cheap) So far I've had the honey ham on sourdough and the mini genoa salami sandwhich. The sourdough bread here is super soft and wonderful with a nice chewy crust. Defintely recommend it!"  everyone is in the holiday spirit and couldn't ask for a better time. In my opinion they have one of the best reuben's in town." Highly recommend to all!"  I moved and am now super close! Now I can go all the time! They have free wifi that works fast! Coffee drinks I still need to try and lots to look at while waiting for my sandwich. What sandwich is my favorite? The Hot One! It has succulent shredded beef and horse radish. I give them 5 quacks! (Or stars). Love the Duck!" Yep this Duck & Decanter is becoming a favorite of mine. I'm sure I'll be back in no time." HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A One of my favorites! Every time I land in Phoenix I head straight to the place. Smokey Forest Ham on Croissant #todiefor Honest sandwiches with fresh ingredients. The duck sandwich with spring salad was fantastic. There is a lovely patio and plenty of indoor seating as well. The price is a bit high for a sandwich though.  lettuce and cheese. The cheese and bread were quite good and everything else was average. The amount of ham/meat compared to the amount of every other ingredients was sub-par.  All in all Stopped by to try it out after hearing about it from a friend. I tried the Trail Blazer on a wheat wrap with turkey. I was excited by the trail mix and it didn't disappoint. I usually hate cream cheese but I loved this wrap! Definitely would recommend the variety of teas they have i got the Pomegranate Mojito tea that they had ready and it s perfect for this hot day. The best made order sandwiches in town. My personal favorite is albacore on multigrain bread. Delicious food and drinks. This place is always busy so it takes a while to get your food. But it's worth the wait. The Avocado sandwich is yummy for my fellow vegetarians! They also have a gluten free bread option. And you can have as many pickle spears as you'd like which I Iove! The tea selection is great too! HIiVx2mseVWKtx8TKfWC_A Great sandwiches and lots of choices for the iced tea enthusiast. My favorite sandwich is the tuna albacore on dark rye. Delicious! Also: Patio is dog friendly." "One of my favorite places in the whole city. The prices are a little high This place is awesome! One Hell of a sandwich shop...... Not scared to pile the meat high.... And all the free pickle spears that you can eat..... I reached my breaking point and called asking to speak with a manager. I gave her an in-depth explanation of the situation just as mentioned above and asked if it'd be possible to be refunded for today's food and was told that she'd need to look more seriously into the matter and call me back the next day to let me know what she'd be able to do for me. I'm still waiting to hear from her I got a turkey and cheese sammi and soup. It was amazing. I'll for sure be going back to have more :) Great food & laid back atmosphere. The Fiery Italian(cold) & The D.A.M. Sandwich(hot) are delicious! Good selections of teas & sweet treats. "The food is really good and they have lots of options available for you to customize your order.  The prices are high compared to other sandwich shops which will deter me from visiting frequently. Overall it is a good experience "I had the the chicken curry in a croissant. Very yummy. They also carry Grapefruit with Tupelo Honey candies in a tin Thanks guys for being so great." "I'm a little late for National Sandwich Day but this literally IS my favorite sandwich place in the Valley! It has been around for YEARS and is truly a Phoenix gem. (I have been coming here since I was a little girl!) From their amazing bread to imported meats and cheeses Tried it again. Still not good. Great service! Cute store. Sandwich just not good. I tried the tuna on white rye. First of all not sure why he recommended that for a to go and eat in the car option. Not easy... But the flavors were just not there. Oh well. "I come here way too often (at least once a week) and have only ever gotten one thing - the curry chicken salad. It is seriously the best thing ever. It's a lot more than just a restaurant  and even a coffee bar. They also sell a lot of local products. The staff is some of the nicest people ever. They also have an amazing selection of desserts and more than enough seating. You have to check out their cheese plate... It's great for sharing with a group of friends. The quality of the products they have  the ability to order a sandwich EXACTLY like I want it and that they have both wine and live music. Upstairs is a nice variety of seating where it is quiet enough to hold a small meeting or read or just enjoy conversation with a friend. The large windows let in plenty of day light and the nature photos on the walls are just spectacular. If you have a need for a kitchen gadget or a small gift  i really enjoy the people who work there. I have been working near by for the past year and every time i go in i am greeted by everyone! Everyone is so warm and welcoming! It keeps me coming back and taking my friends. Once they messed up an order and the next time i went in they had a free sandwich waiting for me! Everyone knows my name and i feel more than just a customer. On that note  but not worth the price. Be prepared to also be judged by a snarky vegan employee for ordering meat on your sandwich. Also  and we were able to reserve the smaller patio for the whole family to have a private lunch. It was very personal  visiting with friends and listening to great live music. (Music on the weekends and sometimes Friday evenings). This is my all time favorite place. I feel like I have spent nearly half my life here... When I lived out of town for a time and would either do a walk or just wanted to celebrate a good day with friends I sad that Duck wasn't right down the street. Check out the downtown location as well!" "Overpriced - go to Trader Joe's across the street if you're looking for any deli. I love walking into new places and this one was packed even though it was right after lunch. The sandwiches are good  but since I've cut GMO out of my nutrition the only choice is two kinds of chips .so im hungry Genoa salami sandwich was incredible- make sure to keep on that herb butter spread. Totally amazing! Definitely stop by! I will be a regular at this wonderful place :)"  but it felt more like I was eating a jelly sandwich because it was too sweet. I could only finish half my sandwich and tossed the rest. I loved the outdoor patio and the fact that they're dog friendly They have a huge variety  of sandwiches.  Some very unusual.  Their meats and bread are very fresh . I like their french bread . Stay away from their fruit bowl but they do have good soups I have been coming here for 20 plus years and this is the best sandwich place in town! You have to try where is the beef! I love love love this sandwich. Everything is always fresh and their service is extremely efficient. Thank you for many years amazing dining experiences I love a good sandwich shop! I really love Basha's deli and have been getting their sandwiches for lunch almost everyday when I lived out in Pinal County. I can hardly find a Bashas here around Phoenix but was waiting for a friend getting her oil change done on Camelback and seen this sandwich shop close by. We decided to check this place out for lunch wanting something light and this is one of the best spots we've been to for sandwiches! You get to pick what kind of bread you want along with meat. I went with the smoked turkey and added sprouts and avocado. My sandwich was so delicious! I'm glad I know a good place for a sandwich now! "I forgot how much I love Duck & Decanter until I visited today with a coworker!  I enjoyed a mini Sonoran chicken sandwich in a wheat wrap and an orange vanilla Italian cream soda - so very tasty!  I can't wait to come back and pick-up some items for a picnic with my hubby and the pup! Hidden location in the Biltmore area  and amazing hospitality.  This place is an Arizona landmark.  I hope my kids can bring their kids here some day." I ordered the chicken salad sandwich that comes and it was super delicious and huge. I crave that sandwich often now. Craving a home made sandwich for lunch  and poor customer service. We won't be returning." The food is absolutely incredible and the staff is very friendly. The shop has some great items to make your food taste better.  the shop.  I have been going to the Duck since I was a kid and the next generation of the family is keeping it going beautifully!" These sandwiches make my head explode.  And I don't even really like sandwiches.  Their creations are so unique and so full of flavor that you don't even feel like you're eating a sandwich.  When I eat them I see unicorns and rainbows and....okay not really but they are seriously good.  So far the Hot One is my favorite....tender brisket is some kind of amazing marinade and the horseradish really makes the sandwich.  The Vermont Treat is also very good.  I ended up with cheese spread smeared all over my face and I didn't care because I was in sandwich heaven.  My other fav is the Dutch Treat.  This one is not for everyone but it's loaded with flavor.  The relish and that champagne mustard.....ohhhh drool.  There is also a cool little market where you can buy all kinds of interesting imported goods and a wine bar area.  Check it out people!  This place is fantastic. "Great spot. Fantastic sandwhiches. Friendly service. Nice wine and beer selectiom. Family owned. They have a great selection of coffees and teas mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg  and friendly people...what more can u ask for?  I'm not a huge bar guy but this place is like Phoenix's Cheers...eventually everyone will know your name.    The sliding glass door with the little beach is what makes this place AWESOME!!!  After TexAz...Swizzle Inn to this Bar  (Wow that was bad!!) for some good times."  but for the regulars they all know each other. I found that it's more of a place to go when you don't want to run into anyone you know. Smaller setting and hard to find if you're just driving by. I bought a cute tank-top there that says ""Swizzle Inn  Fleetwood Mac and ABBA among other things the last time we came) and a really sweet midwestern vibe. Enjoy!" mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg  I suspect you could poach.  I do love the sliding door to nowhere/terrarium/glass dungeon mentioned in the other reviews.  Every bar should have a ""what the hell"" feature." I will definitley be back for the friendly service mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg P.S. The Bathroom is superb." The jukebox has rad tunes! The pool table is always hoppen. Only go here if you like good times."  glad I stopped by. Service was great as well. I was also happy to find they had sunshine wheat on tap  and a really weird collection of customers. This place makes me wonder why I'd never come in sooner. It feels like a midwestern small town dive bar. Something you'd find in Springfield Illinois mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg Fun little hole in the wall. Back behind the Starbucks at 16th and Bethany Home Rd. I still can't get a handle on this place.  Depending on the time of day you seem to attract either mostly elderly alcoholics or douchebags from the suburbs.  Where are the hipsters? "Don't go here! I think the Owner of the bar went through gene therapy to revert back to a primitive state. Don't give her any of your business Cute little dive bar hidden behind Starbucks on the SE corner of 16th and Bethany.  The women's bathroom is surprisingly decorated (will have to see for yourself).  I love how they decorated for Christmas with all the lights. I noticed the other reviews of old people frequenting the bar... Kind of strange because I don't think there was anyone over 40 at the bar when I was there.  This may also depend on the time of day  but the servers are friendly and its a good crowd."  you never know who will be bellying up to the bar on the next stool over.  It could be a hipster who rolled up on their beach cruiser from the Garage.  It could be your grandfather.  It may be a softball player who's mad b/c they lost or buying you drinks because they won.  or a peace corps volunteer alumni.   You just never know.   But what I do know "Super cute dive bar with friendly staff and patrons.  Cheap drinks P.S.- I really like the Swizz." I LOVE the swizzle! good times "I used to LIVE at The Swizzle Inn and sadly only make it back occasionally. This really is a great bar and was the first cool place I found when I moved to Phoenix. It is an unpretentious dive bar that attracts a diverse but generally friendly  ""It is the greatest!  I've been going to the Swizz for years.""  Maybe I should have shared the info sooner?" I stopped by this bar because a friend knows the owner. The patrons were nice and the bar tender was fantastic. I gave it one star because the owner  (little dude) and his wife (drunk with an attitude) really don't care about their patrons. Not a good experience for non-locals and I would not suggest this bar.  so I'll definitely go back and give the Swizz another chance. Hopefully my update will be much more favorable." Love this place. Great for relaxing with friends."  drinks were cheap & strong and those my friends are what I like!"  if you get a chance come here around Christmas time. It's like a mini version of Coach House with lights and decorations everywhere." "Easy Living in Swizzle Inn.  A great dive bar to hang out.  Bring some friends and settle down for a night of drinking and and and... drinking.  The locals seem nice enough and the whole place has a lot to take in  I'm pretty sure this one sets the bar. And a terrarium." Overall a great dive bar. Super cool bartenders who know how to make good drinks. I'll be back!" Swizzle- stay classy my friend." "Go there.  Now.  The magic of Christmas awaits.  By far my favorite neighborhood joint.  Seriously My friend dragged me in for last call. great spot. great service.  I would never go into that bar again.  I was having a private conversation with two other gentlemen at the bar when the owner comes up to me and I quote ""you're a puke!""  I said ""excuse me?"" and she repeated it.  Not cool to be stupid drunk in your own bar lady."  and not too friendly when the place is busy - though maybe it's better on a slower night. Also  great happy hour(that's ridiculously long and cheap). You'd think that this would attract the less than desirable crowd to frequent swizzle  this is it.  Ask for the ""mystery shot"" and go for it!" "This bar is really fun to go to if you want to play darts or chat with the friendly bartenders.  The drinks are cheap.  It's a smaller place and a little dark If you find yourself in the position of having a designated driver and really want to tie one on without judgemental eyes holding you back - come to the Swizz!  You could fall off your bar stool and hop right back up without anyone blinking an eye." Awesome dive bar!  It's a mix crowd of young and older and different walks of life but overall everyone is friendly and courteous.  Staff is extremely friendly and there's always a special going on.  Will definitely visit again soon! "Great little dive bar. cheap well drinks and beer This is a cute bar. Pretty small. Wish it attracted a younger crowd..felt really out of place. The swizzle is great!  The people are real and the drinks are cheap but eat before you come because this is truly a bar ... No kitchen.  drink enough and the late night scene is more tolerable. But that is just me.  ;)"  using obscene language and profanities towards our group. After her tirade of foul language and threatening gestures she then told us to leave or she'd have us arrested. Mind you this is the woman who was threatening physical violence against us not 10 minutes before. If you'd like to be treated as a CUSTOMER  this place is definitely a good ""go to"". The service is always pretty quick and friendly and you can get some awesome drink deals. I can typically find a table or stool and the regulars all seem pretty nice. When i'm ending a night and just want a cheap drink  had seen this place on Yelp since it was near my house.  The other customers were very nice Dress code:  anything goes people there don't give a shit" My only regret is not having came here sooner to experience Christmas at the Swizzle."  prices are awesome as are the staff and fellow barstoolers.  Great place for pool to hang with a couple of friends. very friendly  night out with the boys. No one really complains!" "A mainstay in Phoenix!  The Swizz is one of the best little bars in town  with an empty beer bottle in the lavatory and become just another forgettable fake mustachioed and tacky Hawaiian shirt wearing victim of Murder Mystery Night at the Swizzle Inn."  but the magic of the Swizzle is not!   My little neighborhood watering hole is always a good time and the bartenders make you feel at home.  Always highly recommended."  music.  i was unfortunate to sit next to the lady who owned the place at the bar.  i was in town on vacation and she told me i was sketchy bc i had a camera with me and she didnt believe anything i said.  i could barely understand her rude statements she was slurring so much.  when she started cussing  but its worth a stop if you have time. I've always been treated good by the staff and prices are good."   she chases many customers off.  She is rude "I swear this is a great ""dive"" bar. The drinks are cheap and good and everyone is always so friendly. I always forget about this place and have only been twice in my 8+ years here in Phoenix but I think I will need to change that. Seriously a great place to just hang out and Drinks are fairly strong and priced reasonably. Don't miss the mystery shot." Love the Swizz!  Reminds me of back home in the Midwest.  Good times and great spot to mingle and meet new people! "Excellent little divey bar set in a strip mall on a 16th and Bethany home.  Cool decor  and I'm moving so I'm very dissapointed about this.  Aside from that mgllPJA6NQXlJurFWAkqQg Fun place with nice bartenders. The owners often treat everyone to free food. The Christmas decor is fantastic. BUT ..... now Bob won't be there anymore due to a terrible tragedy. SO very sad. God bless you Beth. Praying for you 5TgO3sLlKdIlZXgP6U27NQ Thanksgiving here was the bomb. Coming here was the best thing I did in my visit to this place. Everyone is friendly here even the owner was there having a few drinks with the people. They were even gracious to have a potluck going on that day as well. When I move here this will be my spot that I will be hanging out at. Those stool will have my name all on them.  not just because it's a family owned business where you're treated like family no matter how long you've been away; but also because they are constantly and continuously finding ways to give back to the community either via golf tournaments  there was never a time when we had to wait long for a drink. I had a couple 7 and 7s and they were strong and cheap (4$ each). The bathrooms were really clean for a dive bar and had free tampons... always a nice touch. I would definitely go back!"  and dedicated. Great hire! She makes me feel like I'm at ""home""!" "The Swizzle Inn is a great place for friends to meet and enjoy themselves. I was recently there on a Tuesday night with a couple of my friends for a low-key outing. Just when we arrived there was a party bus pulling up with about 30 or more people in it. There was only one bartender on. The same bartender that I felt snubbed me four months prior. Immediately There are way too many great places in this area to waste your time or your money here and if you plan on going with a young fun group don't be surprised if you get asked to leave for some stupid reason. The only good thing about this place is its close (walking distance) to much better bars with nicer people and owners."  small dive bar and a bartender was really nice and remembered what you ordered. Very cool"  and it appeared to have a lot of regulars... I guess it just wasn't my scene.  I may try it again  no bands - just a great jukebox and good drinks at good prices.  The bar was clean and the bartender was very nice.  She loved telling us about the establishment.  Obvious local pride which is always nice to find.  We will remember this spot when we are out and thirsty because it is a local Phoenix gem!" Always recommended for dive bar feels." My most favorite neighborhood bar "The best place for Christmas decorations. I appreciate the spirit  the place is OK for a dive bar. Friendly people  however the sweetest and very patient! She's definitely one of the reasons we kept taking the mystery shot! Came in on a Monday night and had a blast. Thank you Sam!" "As dive bars go this can't be beat! Do drop in to this establishment at Christmas if for no other reason than to see the lights. This can be a quiet little place at happy hour with many regulars. BUT  I wasn't aware they had food!"  stagger out. One of the best dive bars in town. They keep the Christmas light up until February. Nothing fancy but always fun." Love this place! We went during holiday and absolutely adored the decor! Wish we lived closer because we would totally be regulars here! Highly recommend! One of the best neighborhood bars in PHX. Very much a local crowd with friendly bartenders and regulars. Make sure you take a mystery shot and play some classic tunes on the old-school jukebox. Don't forget darts and pool. Swizzle rocks! "Cool little spot. The crowd was older than I'm used to and quite a bit ... Different than I'm used to. I like the jukebox it's a nice touch and fun to pick songs. The bar is cool with he Christmas lights. Drinks seemed cheap not too badly priced. Super divey little place that I'm not sure how often I'd go to "Perfect dive bar atmosphere and amazing service!    The owner is local and community oriented and always having raffles Friendly outgoing patrons of all ages"  congratulations! You've found what you were looking for! Here some tip from me: even though the place is worth to fight for a free table at * A gigantic velvet landscape painting with a 6 inch gash in the middle. Klassy!"  I think I will have to stop by after work today to see what has become of you "This does not exist.  It is now an unbelieveably soulless gay bar with the inventive name ""Bar One"".  That is all." Make sure you bring your night vision goggles as the tableside tea lights don't help much.  Also cougars and their admirers are definitely on the prowl here.  Drinks are a bit pricey  it's tres chic from it's comfy couches to it's awesome staff.  The drinks are indeed pricey but they pack a punch so it really all evens out in the end. How can you not love a bar that's got a twin in NYC and lets you dance on the tables?!"  it was simply one of those little military style caps with the short bill that you see all the hipsters wearing these days.  Comeon folks There is nothing better than going to a place where the drinks are well made- and when they play your favorite music... I walked in here one night to hear France Gall - only to learn of the manager's love for french jazz music...he even made me a CD of the night's choices- Meilleurs voeux...toujours bienvenu!  too. The music was fantastic - electronica with just enough funk to keep your foot tapping. The wine was incredible. I tried the house Cab. I was highly impressed. I would definitely go back. I like the location. If friends were visiting out of town  but not outrageous. A great night capper."  i was utterly disappointed and scarred by the ""bar scene"" for years 7$ for a large glass of stolli vanil on the rocks. cant complain about that." You'll feel like you've been transported into an episode of ""Sex & The City"" here. There's no doubt that Carrie  but grounded enough to let you in with whatever shoes... I do always feel underdressed when I'm there though. This place has been pretty reliable for over a decade..."  like it was too much work.  I'm sorry I had to make you do something for the tip you expect I really dig it here....I actually don't mind driving ""all the way"" to Phoenix to come here!"  but that won't stop me from coming from the Merc.  It doesn't hurt that it is close to where I live...  and it is so pleasantly dark.  Not just dimly lit.  Dark.  And randomly located.  As you walk out of the parking garage through a swarm of high schoolers headed to the Harkins peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q  I'm sorry that I missed out on this place all of my years in downtown Phoenix.  Perfect location from all over the valley and a great experience."  because my friends LOVE it (see Eric P.'s review as well) and it makes me feel like I'm in a chicago lounge. But  we hung out at the bar and had a good time that night. I don't remember our bartender's name Very well done upscale atmosphere in here. Merc is also located next to lots of great restaurants... I have been in here several times and especially love it during the week when it it less jammed with people. "This is the kind of place you go when you want to feel L.A. or New York. Has a stylish trendy atmosphere peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q  and the service is top flight. I don't  appreciate going outside the bar to smoke (no patio)  and the bartender was really helpful and professional. I just wasn't feeling the atmosphere at that time of night. I'll reserve any major critique of this place until I have a chance to come back another time later at night. I can see this place being a romantic spot for a late night cocktail or glass of wine  and some random dude starts buying us drinks (I'm a male) so I make it clear to him I'm not interested. He just liked my friend (shes a female) so we went with it... free booze. Long story short Yay for Merc. Yay for no smoking. Seriously people peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q Aside from that it's a pretty ok place.  A good place to go for an after dinner cocktail from Houstons."  chill vibe and good drinks. It's dimly lit and they play some good down tempo house music. My dirty Sapphire martini's were excellent... and they should be at $11a pop. I expected this place to be rather snobbish from what I had heard from a few people but I found it quite the opposite. It was a good mix of people  hip. My secret hint for this place is that you can see certain Suns players come in late at night to hang out." It's a great after dinner spot with equally impressive people watching.  I am a fan of the Vacation Martini and the comfy couches." This is a little piece of New York or Chicago nestled in between an ice cream shop and some other place.. I always forget what that other place is. But a visit to the Merc should be done at least once or twice." Drinks will be pricey but hey it's fun to splurge on $10 drinks now and then right =)" I still don't think I'd linger at Merc Bar for hours (unless I was drinking Red Bull drinks to stay awake!) because I find the vibe just a bit too underground for my tastes 5.  Merc Bar is far superior to ""Deemos"" across the fake "I really like the vibe and the drinks.  But at night  this place is the 2nd location of the NYC Merc Bar.  Since I live across the street I come here fairly regularly.  I'm usually a wine or beer drinker and my only critique would be the limited selection of draft beers and very small wine list.  To their credit  the waitress did too (what can I say I am a good tipper).  She even got us a table on New Year's Eve with no reservation.  This impressed my out of town friends immensely.  They have some great signature cocktails (a little pricey but worth it).  Great top shelf liquor selection. It is a bit hard to find.  Located deep in the Esplanade  sipping martinis at a low table in the lounge area and fell for each other I'd go back for sure...I feel like The Merc Bar and I now have a special bond (yeah...right)  Merc Bar is definitely a place worth checking out as a start to the night or for a date."  who wouldn't want to do a Conga line to that song? But apparently the Merc crowd is too cool for school and weren't having it.  I know it's supposed to be swanky and classy Sexy. Sultry. Dark. Cocaine. Cougars. Money. Athletes. Location. Leather. Cherry. See. Seen. Smooth. Drink. Drunk. DUI. Stiff. Staff. Longing. Shutters. Downers. Drug. Mink. Lust. Subtle. Sound. Hip. Swank. Hillary. Must. Musk. Heels. Haven. Rich. Refined. Brash. Fur. Stare. Gaze. Stalker. Police. Arrests. Artist. Velvet. Yes.  the Merc still has that vibe in which you can actually talk to people. I also laugh at the concept of ""metrosexual dress"" which for all intents and purposes means the people here dress sexy but not slutty. Is there cocaine here...it wouldn't suprise me because the people here can afford it unlike the 30K millionaire waiters who need to make their 8 am classes on Monday morning in Tempe" peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q This isn't a five star joint because of the redic reserved tables on a Wednesday night.  And it was reserved for a gaggle of ""Woo!"" girls who would not stop taking blinding pictures!" Rad. It's going back on my weeknight rotation." great dj and some nites they have live acoustic.  If your date is not into you by the end of the evening at this place she never will be my man.  I am pretty sure if Tiger had a mistress in Phoenix and didnt want to be seen he would take her to Merc Bar."  but the service is slow and lame.  love the aspen - cabin vibe.  music is a bit loud so hard to have conversation with friends." "Ask for Simon!  He makes the most unique and inventive drinks.  My boyfriend and I went there last weekend and I had no idea what to get so I asked for something with Ginger and Simon whipped up a drink (not on the menu) and it was delicious!  If you love Ginger  and they usually have a dj who totally rocks. It's a lounge and pretty sexy inside and I think a great place for a date."  but alas the times are a changing!" This place was cool six years ago. I loved their copper tables with dim lighting. The flickering candlelights would catch the light off their tables setting a mischievous tone. I especially loved their martini menu. They had delicious mojitos before they became trendy. Most of all I loved Carson and the people he attracted. They were mostly young professionals who had style. I saw him turn people away just to maintain a certain crowd. Carson was always such a gracious host to his guests.  He was passionate about keeping Merc's cool ambiance. I hope their legacy continues.....  as the server is the authentic way with Russian Standard Vodka!  It is the real deal!!"  if money isn't a problem and you are looking for a very relaxed  they had a jazz band doing rock and alternative covers (their name is The Latest Note to the single guys wearing chin-strap beards and Affliction t-shirts while looking nervous and sitting at tables alone and not approaching women: Try ""Hello"" or ""Nice outfit"" or ""Those martinis are great  the MercBar made the dirty mule to her liking . . ." "Tried this place out a couple weeks ago on a whim and must have picked the right night to go.  They had a live band that played great music.  The drinks were definitely pricey This is really the perfect place for a date or a group of friends. The atmosphere is very intimate  and music to match the mood! Hands down my favorite bar in Phoenix! If you feel like getting dressed up and not having to deal with your typical Scottsdale crowd Why not 5... place was empty of a Saturday night. Go figure for such a gem!" Cool bar with no signs. Dark lounge feel with great music.  it was delicious.  The place has a very cool vibe.  There were not many patrons when we went "Merc bar hits just the right pitch for me in Phoenix. Always starts out slow (we got there early for the real estate) and ends up kinda packed. Staff and music always good and you don't feel like you are in one of those ridiculous cirque du soleil type places in Scottsdale full of shiny  but he was nothing but attitude and a egotistical punk. I have never been treated so poorly in a nice establishment  and you're not concerned about receiving good service (even though their mixed speciality drinks command $12). It is like the Neiman Marcus of bars Be advised that the drinks are not cheap! A specialty cocktail or martini goes for minimum $12 a pop so be prepared. Their food selection isn't that large so the only thing I've tried was their cheese and cracker platter which was perfect to snack on. Service is pretty hit or miss  especially if you are on a date. You can cozy up in a quiet corner and have some drinks and really get to know someone. If you have never been  was kinda strange but we were having a good time so I guess we didn't mind. Our friend left his sweater there so we went back the next night and they didn't have it. That was strange because we sat at the bar and no one else was around us except the bartender...... That second night we sat in a booth and a blonde cocktail waitress waited on us. We ordered some beers and a round of shots. She brought back 5 shots and we told her we only ordered 4. She said ""I know ones for me""! Okay I'm starting to get it If you are looking for a quieter atmosphere to take a date or maybe a girls night where its not a meat market  but their doors were open and their hours reported as such. No offer to be seated and offered a drink anyway or even an incentive to return during new business hours. just a simple we are closed until 5:30 and an escort out.  I repeat  friendly staff and plenty of places to sit. It's the best little bar you've never heard of and unless someone tells you about it  will probably walk all over the wierd office complex it is in to find it.  But once inside  Prohibition-era vibe that is really unusual.  The cocktail menu is by far the most interesting I've ever seen.  You don't go there to drink - you go there to experience.  We sat at the bar last night and were greatly entertained by the bartender and chef.  The bartender (I think his name was Aaron?) really knew his stuff.  I truly wish I lived closer..."  and most importantly the waitress we had was great! will return and plan on hosting event there" "Easily one of the coolest bars in Phoenix. I've been coming here for  years  and the service friendly and quick as ever. I guess it's become a pre-shift watering hole for the Van Buren troops of dancers - an attraction for some and a repellant for others."  and the service is second to none. MercBar is great for a girls night or simply a night out in town with a small group of friends. It does get pretty crowded after about 8pm so plan on getting there a little bit earlier. Overall Two words: Jalepeno Margarita.  Just go.  Trust me.  is that bar conversations tend to revolve around name dropping and pronouncing why each person is more accomplished than the next.  All in all a decent show  and we loved it! Love the dimly lit bar & terrific ambiance.  The bartender was very friendly and recommended great drinks. Had the best Bellini I've ever had.  Can't say it's cheap She didn't even ask the bartender or put an ounce of effort into pleasing my two friends at our table of four. That being said this place lacked major stars for customer service Very nice environment.  I would definitely go here again.  The bartenders really know how to make some luscious specialty drinks!!  or  a great place to simply enjoy the night with a group or the lucky lady (or man) in your life."  or filled with corporate type of guys who just cant wait to buy you all your friends drinks. It is nicely dimmed and cozy  but to be honest most of the people were not even dancing. Not a bad atmosphere but not the best bar/lounge either."  but that's what kind of people come in this bar.  I've always walked in this bar and bumped into someone I knew.  Needless to say I hang with cool people - wink!  There's not a lot of lounges around the Biltmore area so I would definitely recommend a drop by if you're around.  Great place to stop after the movies upstairs or dinner at Del Frisco's next door. - Enjoy!" Awesome place all around!" "If you are after a pure bar ... this is it.  Bartenders that know their craft.  Interesting atmosphere.  Expensive but classy.  Top shelf products avaialble.  Interesting cocktail list and they'll custom bend upon request.  Theay are proudly difficult to find the first time (no sign/non-descript) - ""we've been here 16 years ... the right people know where we are"".  Francesco (Italian dude  but the sweet little sixteen and the blackbird are tasty as well.  they also have some upscale bar food if you're interested in snacking while you throw back your 4th old fashioned."  personal preference I guess.  When our waitress made her second trip over I asked if they had any food which I guess they only have on the weekend but she did bring me some pretzels and goldfish which was cute and tided me over until we left and I could get some real food.  She was super friendly the only time and very timely with checking on us and bringing more drinks.  I would definitely come back in the future." Jeff the bar tender is awesome. He is really down to earth and would recommend sitting at the bar  not to mention they could handle a full bar in stride....I went there last week and this place is just awful now in comparison.  I am sorry Merc  another that tasted like key lime pie and I had something called a Sophia Loren that was amazing.  Even the people in the bar sitting next to us were cool.  The atmosphere here is just great.  This is definitely one of my new favorite spots to be."  this bar is worth visiting. It's set up speakeasy style with only a placard near the entrance door with the name on it. The inside is very dark and sultry. Lights shine on black and grey photos/ artwork above the bar. There are couches and tables. Our group relaxed on some couches and ordered several drinks off the menu and shared. Their take on the old fashioned was delicious. Though I can't remember the name What a swanky little establishment. Great music selection great scenery and great waitstaff. I was greeted by Adam who suggested some great drinks and got us a table in no time. Our waitress Tasha was incredible as well. This place is for sure in the Arcadia rotation. 5 stars. I went to meet with my business colleague for a proper and civilized cocktail  but prices are not cheap." "I've been to Merc several times throughout the years. I took my husband here for the first time last Saturday for a post dinner drink after we had dinner at Solo Trattoria  so make sure to ask and save yourself about $9. Hey-wouldn't you rather have another drink?"  and the Moscow Mules were a treat. I'll be back." Moscow Mule in copper cup was 30-40% bigger than in a glass. Because we were having those we ended up with multiples in glass since they ran out of copper mugs. We did the water test (pour from glass to copper mug) and was 30-40% LESS! Pointed this our to the manager (Adam) he said he was aware but disputed the 30-40% claim  but it's hard to make up for the lack of competence Sr. Management or ownership shows to their industry. This is certainly a one and out for our group." This place is perfect for the chic solo drinker at the bar or the couple sipping on martinis in the corner or even the classy birthday celebration in the center of the room. It's really the perfect mixture of fun and class. love love love "My fiance and I tried MercBar for the first time last Saturday.  Loved the decor!  The drinks were excellent.  Great place!  I did wish the music was a little more chill Also I agree with the other reviews from Rick and Rich. Going cheap on the Moscow mule by serving it in a smaller glass. Classic." "Big comfy couches + soft lounge music= a great time! The ambience was chill and the drinks were strong. They accommodated our large group nicely without feeling overcrowded. Definitely pay a visit if you're looking for something more cool and low-key from the typical loud  friendly staff but super slow service. It was packed on the Friday we came in and they had one server in the section we sat in which is only out of two sections excluding the bar. We sat for about 10 minutes until we got a server and we currently have been waiting for at least 20 minutes for our check. Yummy drinks though!" This is a great watering hole. Go out of your way to visit."  at least once a week!! The vibe and atmosphere is just mind blowing. They keep it clean and sophisticated.  Never wait long for my drink order to appear in front of me. I was also waited on a young lady named Lexi. She was adorable and timely. Always a smile on her face! The service there is impeccable!! I was beyond impressed!! If you're ever looking for a great spot.. Sexy atmosphere  introduced himself and asked how we were doing. We really felt welcomed and well taken care of as if we were in this guys home. Staff was friendly  Heidi & Staff were OVER-THE-TOP Amazing. I met with Fate numerous times & he was always accommodating to what I had asked of them & he always calmed my nerves. He made sure that everything was set up from the minute the first guest  arrived until the last one left. Most of my guests are in the Airline Industry & we know what great Customer Service means.  IMPRESSED TO THE 10's."  but the male Bartender seemed more interested in sleeping with the guy in front of him than he was in serving us drinks. HIRE BETTER BARTENDERS." "Well Merc. You have let me and my friends down. I have gone to you over the years while living in the Biltmore/Arcadia area and  have recommended you time and time again to people who want a 'ultra lounge feel' as opposed to a 'club like feel'. Well. After arriving for happy hour last week we had the entire Merc Bar to ourselves at about 430pm and the bartender swiftly brought us a menu and waters. Nice! However This place has a great vibe and the staff here are super friendly and accommodating. Definitely a great place to hang out and chill with friends. Not great for: those prone to spontaneous removal of clothing/dancing on tables"  but the service was a bit lack luster. The drinks (Moscow Mule and a Rum &Coke) measured up to par peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q Swanky and adult. Nice ambiance. Not from around here but this bar is awesome. Plus Gavin is an awesome bartender (not sure if spelt his name right). Stop in if your lookin for a good time!  which is fine for one. Beers are well priced around $6. The atmosphere and music were great." Merc Bar is an upscale watering hole that is always upbeat and fun! We always get a very nice couches/table combination when we go and the servers are fantastic and nice. I reccomend for anyone wanting to have a classy night! LiOK_lkW373923y2sn86bA Service was impeccable. Def a place to meet friends (or future dates) if I happen to be in Biltmore area."  Gavin our bartender was super knowledgable on drink and the bar stocked a wide variety of whiskies.  If you're looking for a great refreshing cocktail I highly recommend their Mule"  but the GM Brian put me right at ease with texts of photos and very accurate descriptions. This place was fantastic and the staff and service could not possibly have been any better. We had 45 people attend with plenty of room to mill about but a wonderful The waiter was very sweet n got or drinks plus validated our parking ticket which is good for u u p to 3 hours. The drinks were good and the service was good. I gave 4 stars because they don't carry blue curacao and they have no desert items. Other than that a great place with a nice ambiance for a date or relaxing with friends. I went with some friends on a Saturday night. Our waitress Lexi was awesome! The vibe is really relaxed and we had a great time. Can't wait to go back again.  was helpful with arranging for seating on a busy Saturday night and the bartenders on duty cranked out excellent cocktails all evening. Really a great place to celebrate   music is cool and the place is filled with beautiful people. Can't ask for more than that." I loved this place from the moment I stepped in the door! Dim romantic lighting. All ages . Great for a mother daughter night or first date! Drink prices are a little expensive.  I had to track someone down. Also the ambience was nothing special. Not the elegant classic bar I was expecting.  You can be overpriced or overrated but not both."  we were able to sit at a nice cozy dimly lit table and enjoy a round of drinks.  The waitress wasn't very attentive and we basically had to hunt down someone to pay for our tab.  No bueno.  It was cool for what it was Loved the atmosphere and the spicy mandarin!  this bar is nice but when I spend $15 dollars on a drink I want to fully inhibit my attitude and I feel like I'll get thrown out if I go above a decibal range .5..." ""Old Fashioned"" in town." Gavin is a pro Mixaologist. The drinks were awesome and creative. The atmosphere was relaxed and friendly. Highly recommend a visit. Overall a very pleasant time. I didn't mind the more club-y music choice - it was a Saturday after all. And it never became as packed as I anticipated so that was a plus. Drinks were great  and I would be back. The only downsides were that some of the couches and furniture looked a bit worn and could be replaced and there was a leak in the womens bathroom ceiling that was just dripping into a pan of towels. Not classy Aaron is great at mixing great drinks. Pear blossom is great. Good mix of music and people. There is a lounge area as well  done for. Set up shop in a booth by the window on a Friday and thank me later...."  excellent service and the perfect atmosphere to actually hold a conversation but enjoy the evening this hidden gem is your place! I love this bar and will be coming back."  not Hollywood or Manhattan where *maybe* you can get away with being rude or providing bad service to customers ""just because"" or because your actually packed/swamped/busy. I see we're not the only ones who have had a bad experience with service...hopefully they get better!" This place has it all. The guys behind the bar are truly talented. They are creative with their cocktails and adapt to each individual who walks in. The vibe is chic and laid back. I honestly cannot say one bad thing about this place. Definitely a one of a kind establishment. We will continue to visit this place since we live so close. It's a hidden gem with some great bartenders & a cool ambiance."  giving him a heads up about our casual attire.  He replied promptly and jovially inviting us to come as we please.  As luck would have it we arrived at MercBar with about 30 minutes to spare before our movie (and went back after the movie).  As soon as we walked in the door Brian greeted us and invited us to sit at a table. Our server was attentive and conscious of the fact that we were on a time limit.  And OH MY GOD the food and drink are some of the best I've had. I'd recommend the pretzels  its a little small but not a big deal. Customer service is always really great and  the drinks are awesome. Perfect for a nice pregame to a date or night cap after a nice dinner." I 5/5 highly recommend MercBar!" Love the fact I've started a business over cocktails in this place! MercBar will always be remember by this guy. Well Low key atmosphere with amazing drinks must experience."  drinks are always super awesome." Apparently people drive all over town to get these! I will come back for them. I was skeptic at first about their 5 item menu Real nice joint a setting to chill I ordered a Manhattan they gave me a half of a half maraschino cherry in my drink was disappointed order the second one this one had a full cherry bad thing about it the waitress came by and took my drink and I wasn't done with it that was pretty rude" "This is a dark upscale dive bar. The drinks were way over priced and it was definitely for an older crowd  but still met and had some great conversations with other guest and bartender.  I can imagine this place on a Thursday and through the weekend is the place to be.  Very much a Speakeasy feel and vibe.  I will be back for sure." Great spot! Good music and great people! The the food is amazing. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to relax in a great atmosphere! This place has the best old-fashions.. the Italian guy can rock a mix drink follow his advice! Best service! Coolest Vibe! Comfy seating and you will stay cool! I reccomend for any traveler or local alike! Suprise good times! All are welcome! Brian is awesome! Music is perfect and you can talk or move with music!  and the live music made for a fun experience. We enjoyed that there was a good mix of people and the vibe was laid back. A couple bottles of wine and a cheese board later and the night was unforgettable. We will be back!" peA3F-PnIfijYr8HuG-A-Q Great place for a drink after work.  Killer bar food.  The mac and cheese is to die for. Special note - they are closed on Sundays.  I've been there several times when I wanted to go after catching a Sunday movie and I've wondered why they looked closed.  Now I know.  Other than that they are open 11am-2am M-F and 4pm-2am on Saturday."  we'll miss your place!"  but this is one of the best places to come if you are." Food is good for those who can flip the bill but not nearly good enough to charge what they do."  but only for an extra special occasion or if I can claim it as a business expense and get reimbursed!" Service was prompt and polite and everyone is extremely buttoned-up.  A great place for celebrating a special occasion or just feeling fancy." Sometimes I remember that lunch and I shake my head. Never mind it was for business. Never mind I didn't have any wine. Never mind I had to go back to work after wards. I still rate that lunch and this restaurant at 5 stars. Imagine how wonderful this could be if you order a glass of wine and go for a special occasion with a special someone. Wow. Talk about needing more stars for that!"  I could not eat it.  My server was very apologetic.  And then the manager immediately appeared as if he had been shot out of a canon.  He apologized profusely.  I was very understanding  Capital Grille gave us a very pleasant dining experience (aside from a couple of wasted chicks who were way too loud)  the oyster and shellfish platters were well done and exceptionally fresh especially when you consider we are in the middle of the desert. The Kona Sirlon was cooked to absolute perfection and the rub composed of coffee and other seasonings gave you all the more reason to linger over every bite. The dinner service was absolutely perfect "Loved sitting outside on a Spring night. We had 8 people at the table and decided to get multiple apps  arrived on time but were not seated for 20 minutes. Service was friendly and knowledgable but it took forever to get our entrees - about 45 minutes AFTER our appetizer was finished and gone. I ordered Steak Oscar and I'm pretty sure they had grill running WAY too hot - my steak was crispified on the outside and rare on the inside. The desserts were the highlight of the meal and they had a good selection of wines by the glass. My first impression: overpriced and overrated." Seldom had better service and the food was terrific. I prefer this type of steak house to Morton's or Ruth's Chris....YMMV "Capital Grill is what is is. A steakhouse chain. It's predictable and classy atmosphere is great for business entertaining. With so many food options here in Phoenix Perfect for a special nite out or a group in the private room."  steak is not supposed to be chewy.  One would expect much more for the price."  hosted a luncheon for 60 persons in a private setting. Service has always been impeccable and the food is distinguished." QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA  because I honestly did not feel the staff gave two fucks about me the whole time I was there. Garbage. I grabbed a card on the way out from I believe was the hostess. Torri McFarland...you and your staff from the top down got work to do this place sucks!!!" Side recommendation:  Mac and Cheese w/ Lobster =D" "I was there on Friday night in a ""private party"" room for a Law School graduation dinner with about 50 other people in our party so we ordered from a Pre-selected menu which I think is a novel idea..especially with a group of 50. I'd been before and enjoyed my fillet much more the previous time. Our server said medium would be hot pink in the middle and well...I was looking for a little bit more brown Went to CG again tonight and definitely redeemed itself. Had the lobster bisque soup for appi and shared the sliced filet mignon with cippolini onions and wild mushrooms with my girlfriend and was definitely very happy with this selection. The fresh warm hot rolls were exceptional as well. Definitely a fun time. May be even willing to give Bourbon Steak a second try...especially because it's so close to home! I WOULD go back to N. Scottsdale for a Wine & Dine but i would never suggest getting a ""10"" on the Snob-O-Factor here." Would I go back and pay full price. NO. This is not a place for something new or different and the quality was below par." I would definitely love to go back again!"  not just for the food but also for the experience...it truly represents fine dining well!"  seriously fancy (I'm from the rez okay - so this is crazy fancy in my world)  and has GREAT service and even better steak... this is the place for you! But you better have the cash to pay for it all! lol but if you have the money honey and a need to wine and dine then trust me sweetie Capital Grille has the time! Just call ahead for reservations!"  right before we left the bartender leaned over and said ""Come back on a day when it isn't a holiday and we'll get the kitchen to make you some steak tar tar.  They do it for me all the time."" Bless you Good steak because it is prime meat but not to a par....beautiful place.  Good service but not great service.....  the best crab cake and amazing pineapple martinis."  but it sure was a foodie experience!  My favorites were the calamari and the flourless chocolate cake.  The rest of the group I dined with enjoyed it all as well... You cannot go wrong with escaping the heat this summer and spending an evening at The Capital Grille with their special tasting menus!"  there is no better place to be than the Capital Grille at the Biltmore Fashion Park. The bartender was quick with a linen napkin to wipe my face and refreshed the Campari and Coke I had begun. My depression was short and my solace began with the Bar Menu Lamb Amazing food and excellent service. LOVED the porcini rubbed delmonico. Next time I will go with a friend or 3 who are ready for a fine meal." "Bad food and terrible service.  Went here during restaurant week with a large group of friends and everyone was disappointed.  The service was slow and disrespectful and I'm not sure I would have fed my rubber steak to the dog.  I'm not one to go out of my way to write a bad review unless the place really deserves it  I had the tenderloin with poached lobster and my husband had the sirloin. Both steaks had amazing flavor and sear to them. The lobster was succulent! We shared a side of the mashed pots...best restaurant mashed I've ever had. Finished with a creme brulee and blood orange sorbet with biscotti...both very tasty and perfectly portioned. I've been in the restaurant industry for years...including fine dining. Had our server been just a little bit more personable Its pricey...but great places like this should be. And believe me Highly recommended for any occasion." Creme brulee was also very good." Great food- finest Cognac-Great service.  No complaints Overall I would highly recommend this place. I am definitely coming back here on my next business trip."  and a sauce. The kc strip with roquefort cheese and crispy onions on top could have been amazing if cooked properly though it can't really hold a candle to Mastros. Dessert was unimpressive as well and really uninspired. Obviously left feeling disappointed and bewildered how this place stays in business with so many amazing restaurants around..." I have eaten here for years and the food is always very consistent and excellent. I really enjoy their lobster bisque. I have never had a bad meal or experience here. Wish they had a daily happy hour."  it is a great place for guys to go for dinner who are really looking for dinner. I think I need more... of something."  but in a good way.  Tasty.  Abu J had his usual cheeseburger (though no anymore).  I'm sure I'll be here again sometime as he has his ""paper route"" and doesn't care much to deviate from it."  the lobster for me simply served to detract from the dish and was a little tough. I am not much a drinker and the boyfriend loves beer so we were happy to hear they had a fair beer selection as well as wine. We split the flourless chocolate cake so my boyfriend could finally make good with his mom who forgot to bring some cake home when he was 14 lol. The cake was simple but good. I just think I could have beaten it at home...then again I have sort of a chocolate obsession. Beautiful place My facebook status update right after dinner: ""I will be thinking about this meal for weeks.""" Overall: A top restaurant that I will definitely return to if only to have the steak tartare."  you must order the Lobster Mac and cheese for your side!!!!! Its my favorite side dish in the world. Its so rich  cheesy and wonderful!  Capital Grille ranks up there with Morton's in my book for sure! I'm so glad there's one in the L.A. area...I'll go again next time I have a reason to spend $$$$ on a meal!" "AMAZING... let me start off with that.  So I originally made reservations to Ruth's Chris for my boyfriend's birthday dinner but I saw the menu for Capital Grille and immediately changed my mind and I'm so glad I did.  I made reservations on their website and mentioned it was my boyfriends birthday.  When we got there  I made the mistake of ordering my salad with dressing on the side. This caused 59 people to be served and one to sit and wait at least 15 minutes for lettuce and tomato assembly. These guys may be fine for dinner   coconut cream pie.  We also had several bottles of wine the best of which was named ""The Boxer.""   The bread basket they provide is also great.  All food items prepared correctly for everyone the first time.   The restaurant does have the feel of a gentleman's club and is expensive.    Give this Capital Grille location a try for your next special evening out."  we had a great time. The service was great and a majority of the meal was perfect!"  all our needs met.  Happy time!  Just prob. won't go back for steaks.  Ruth's and Hillstone are MUCH better." i recommend the lobster and crab stuffed shrimp and sam's mashed potatoes! you won't be disappointed. and if you're feeling adventurous To the chefs at The Capital Grille... well done! To the waitstaff... sigh... just... sigh."  but if you need something they are right there to get it.  Parking is a little painful "Our recent party of five dined at Capital Grille in celebration of a business accomplishment. We found the food excellent and the service impeccable. The management went out of their way to accommodate us with a quiet round table that was fitting for the occasion. The dining ambience was subdued Thanks go to Lindsey once again.... Well done! (steakhouse pun intended)"  and we could hear each other!  THANK You Lindsay and Gabi for such a wonderful time....YOU GUYS RULE!!!!!!" Yelp: You guys did such an great job putting this amazing event together. Lindsey and Gabi it was so nice to finally meet you. Thanks for the fun afternoon and we look forward to seeing you at the next event."  everything was FANTASTIC!!   The biggest shrimp I have ever enjoyed right next to the cool Yelp ice sculpture that proves YELP is the 'coolest!' (Ha!)  This was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon!  Thank you YELP and thank you Capital Grille!!" http://www.flickr.com/photos/yelp/sets/72157629092996001/" So a huge round of applause to all the folks at Capital Grille and to Lindsey for another spectacular Elite event.  With January events at both the Pointe and Capital Grille Thank you Capital Grill was hosting this wonderful event!  This is a great intimate affair with fellow Elite Yelpers!  Huge thanks to Lindsey and the Yelp Team! 2012 is turning into a fantastic year of Yelp events!"  but who know to put it between a bun and make it a burger.  The Filet sandwich was soft; I thought it would've slide right off after the first bite QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA  and introducing me to an establishment that is definitely a place to bring family and friends to for a truly spectacular dining experience."  and the Capital Grille for hosting such an amazing and memorable event!" Had a blast  and I look forward to the next event!" A huge Thank You to the amazing staff at the Capital Grille and to resident Yelp Rockstar Lindsey for hosting such a fantastic event." This was probably the best Yelp even I've ever been to.  Tons of great food and drink.  Capital Grille was promoting their new lunch menu and everything they were sampling was great.  From the shrimp to the tenderloin sliders everything was top notch.  I only wish I worked closer to a Capital Grille because I would definitely do lunch there.  So until they open for lunch during the weekend I will be unable to enjoy more of their lunch stuffs. Thank you again Lindsay and everyone and Capital Grille for such an amazing event Can't wait to go back!!" The event itself was effortlessly cool and a pleasant place to meet new Yelp friends. Thank you Lindsay and The Capital Grille for such an awesome event!" Great event!  Thanks Yelp!  Thanks Lindsey! And Thanks Capital Grille!" Best place for lobster and steak hands down...besides Ocean Club at Kierland lol" Thank you especially to all the wonderful wait-staff who answered every question and fulfilled every request!"  the lemonade was perfect! I love my little grab bag and box of truffle chocolate goodness. I brought my friend with me and she praised Yelp and Capital Grille up and down. I can't wait to go back and make use of my free drink coupon!"  we left.  But not before the hostess said thanks for coming in. Needles to say I will not be returning." I would almost say I am happy these events don't come around too often  Gabi and all for a fantastic afternoon!  Did I mention the very savvy decor?  Or the fact that they opened early for us and nobody else was there?  Impressed!" A huge thanks to Lindsey and Gabi for putting together this amazing event.  Lots of love to Nader for capturing it all on film so we can remember just how good we Elites have it for years and years to come.  And last but certainly not least  I'll be seeking out a Captial Grille." There's a slight men's-club feeling to the place and I wouldn't describe it as trendy  even though we told her we were in a hurry with theater tickets waiting. We were seated at a dark table in the corner right next to another table where we could enjoy each others conversations whether we wanted to or not. Jarrid the waiter was in the weeds and continually ignored us the entire meal. Asking if we were ready to order and when we said yes  and it was so good.  I have had their flour-less chocolate cake before and it is crave-able.  It works out to be an affordable and amazing lunch spot Cap grille is consistently good from city to city. Service is exceptional and the food is amazing. We enjoyed some Prisoner wine that actually didn't have the crazy steak house mark-up you might expect.  wanting to know how the experience was. I have never gotten that kind of attention from a restaurant before  the sirloin sliders were ok. While one of my sliders was cooked to the perfect medium rare as I had asked the other one was closer to medium well and a little charred. The green beans while they did have great flavor they were unfortunately not very hot. John ordered the clam chowder followed by the Wagyu Cheeseburger and truffle Fries. The cheeseburger was overcooked he has asked for a medium and it came out well I have always had a great meal here.  I don't think the experience and food is as put together as their competitors.  The waitress also seemed a bit joyless which didn't help the experience.  With so many better options We had a spectacular time. I would recommend them above all for a steak I consider myself fortunate enough to have had a business lunch here a few weeks back. The food was excellent. Steak and potatoes just what a man wants! It was very well done and finished with a 3 berry cheesecake. Worth the moolah!  the meal was excellent. I probably ate about 3000 calories....sorry thighs....but if I got to choose a place to destroy my diet Will be back.... during the summer when they have essentially the same deal if you dine after 8pm... otherwise the bills around here tend to look like car payments." For dessert we shared the flourless chocolate cake and the creme brulee. I have honestly never tasted better creme brulee in my life. It was perfect! The cake was good too  so moist and creamy. The crme brulee was a little rich but the fresh fruit they put on top made it much better. Dinner ran about 60 dollars a person not including the wine. It was by far one of the most expensive meals that I have had but it was well worth it and I will most likely be going back. The service is customarily outstanding and the staff's wine and food knowledge is exceedingly above board. The waiters were well dressed and were well spoken. It was great not to have some ditsy waitress for once! No matter what questions you have regarding the restaurant they know it all. The decor is just what I expect from an old school traditional steakhouse The best steaks anywhere. This is a definite try for my upscale foodies."  which my mom only said that it wasn't the best and it wasn't the worst spinach salad she has had. They gave us an on the house coconut cream pie to go. Which I took one bite when I got home and threw it away. Very disappointing when you spend this much money and receive this type of service and quality of food. We might as well set $500 on fire." My second fav steak house!! But the final action that really put the experience over the top was when the bill was supposed to come and instead the manager said dinner was on them.  They did not want to leave us with a bad experience (esp. considering it was our first time there.). I tried telling him this was unnecessary as they already more than made up for many issues.  They insisted...so the waiter ended up with a pretty good tip out of it.  That was all class though and made me feel quite good about our dining choice. The way they handled things and the food quality even prior to that would have gotten them at least 4 stars.  But the fact they have proven themselves a class act...that puts them over the top.  We will be back." My family visited for my son's 30th birthday. The table was decorated and a card signed by all the employees addressed to my son was at his spot. The food was perfect from the lobster bisque to the trio of ice cream. It's a favorite place of ours. Great steaks...good desserts even better service! Dined here again last evening.  Food was exceptional in a very comfortable yet upscale setting. This is my favorite restaurant." "I wanted to get a killer steak and we found our way to The Capital Grille. I am usually a bit gun shy with these high-end restaurants because they often times don't live up to the hype. This was NOT teh case with The Capital Grille! We made a reservation and were seated promptly. Our server was super personable and not snotty in the least bit The capital grille never fails!  The lobster and crab stuffed shrimp is absolutely amazing and the parmesan truffle fries are to die for!  The service is always top notch and they are on top of refills.  The valet out front is awesome and of course the overall atmosphere is great.  drinks and atmosphere in spite of the sky-high prices." Can't say enough about the service though. Really really wonderful at every level."  knowledgeable and generous.  He was remarkable.  We were in the restaurant past closing and were never once pressured (or even aware) that we were the last patrons.  Each member of the team in (and out) of the restaurant were absolutely amazing."  and dinner every day if money or having a heart attack wasn't an issue." The wegde salad is wonderfully blue cheesy and always enjoy the entrees.  Also love there sorbets.  and you can't beat their signature pineapple infused vodka (Stoli Doli) martini! The staff is friendly and attentive. If you like a steakhouse with a warm wood ambiance and outstanding food I have had this treatment at every Capital Grilled location I have been to.  You cannot go wrong at this place.  Its the perfect restaurant to celebrate a special occasion." We have a fabulous meal at the Capital Grille...so many options and all delicious...our only complaint is that the wine we ordered was listed as a 2008 and it arrived as a 2010..we were told that was what they had and no price difference.  It was very young..but we drank it anyway.... I highly recommend it. I've also eaten in the main dining room and it is flawless."  our meal was really good except for Sputum Queen in the next booth. I hope she gets pneumonia if she doesn't already. Bitch." Absolutely going back again." Excellent - great service and good (not great) food. I'd recommend it.  Sarah provided exceptional service and charm that added value to my experience.  Kevin and Methune also provided quality service earlier this week.  Fantastic!" I will definitely be back to this location mainly for the awesome service I I recieved at the bar tonight!" I absolutely love this restaurant. The first experience I had at Capital Grille was in Los Angeles at the Beverly Center. From that moment on this was my FAVORITE restaurant. The food and service at any location is superb. I always get the rack of lamb with macaroni and cheese (no lobster) and their creamy bacon corn! This food will have your mouth watering every time you think about it! I went to this particular location on Valentine's Day with my husband. Everyone from the front desk hostess to the bartender and waiter was phenomenal! To have your service just as spectacular as the food is a win win combination. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and very intimate. They have a killer wine list and your waiter will break everyone of them down for you! Capital Grille is a 5 star dining experience for sure! I recommend anyone to try it at least once! This place makes you want to become a member of the military-industrial complex." Do your self a favor and book your next reservation at Morton's 480-951-4440 or Ruth's Chris (602) 957-9600 which is across the street if you want a good steak."  and beautifully done.  A peeve of mine is having a bunch of useless stuff on my plate that just gets thrown away.  Plating can be beautiful without all that Best bar in town! I am very particular about my Martinis.......the bartendes at CG know their s**t. Add that to great food and awesome location......can't beat evening! !  really wowed by the indescribably delicious food and impeccable service. Everything -- every single detail was flawless.  The prime rib and the lobster eggs benedict just sent us swooning "This restaurant is for the rich kids that had never eaten any other fine food in the world other than steaks : ) Pricy steak (cow that is not even organically raised). Salmon that is farm raise(Atlantic). The steak that is almost tasteless. Veggies that are plain but buttery. The server was kind of racist (only asked what my white friend wants to drink  I love the Dining after Dark special offered by Capital Grille in the sumertime even more. The deals offered if you eat after eight at night any night of the week during the summer are mind boggling. The food is excellent highly recommended for the serious meat eater."  but it reminded me of going to Olive Garden where they pour salt all over your food to mask the lack of quality. This perhaps was even worse than Olive Garden with a steep bill at the end. Horrible. Even their infamous Pineapple Martini was a bust this time. I don't don't what is going on over there but I will NEVER return. Too many other great restaurants to visit to waste my time on Capital Grille."  it was a decent meal and while the service started off outstanding And take home some dessert. You will be happy you did."  he constantly forgot simple things and was totally unattentive... so after 5 things and 2 hrs into dinner we requested the manager who was just the same and sarcastic on top of everything else! For a $300.00 meal that was average at best. Thank goodness the company I was with was wonderful!!!! Too many other choices to be treated the way we were :( I was so disappointed that I wrote corporate headquarters! To be continued when I hear back from them!!!!"  (which is not for the faint of heart) and also the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes.  The couple next to us ordered burgers and a wedge salad that I definitely can't wait to come back and try. My only complaint is that they needed to stock up on Tito's vodka for their martinis."  warm and welcoming. This is the place to come for dinner or simply cocktails or the ""to die for"" flour less chocolate cake." "Amazing experience! Great Great service! Highly recommend! Amazing martini service/pour.  Bountiful wine pours with their samplings.  Food was to die for.  If you want service  yet not over bearing.  Even had the valet pull our cars as we settled the tab.  Very nice touch."  there is a pretty good chance you will find me in a place like this. I am drooling as I write this review. The Capital Grille at the Biltmore is the perfect place to take a break from shopping. Sit at the bar and have a couple cocktails and some calamari and you will be ready for some more shopping with the gf. Could be dangerous shopping if you have one too many FYI." Would recommend trying another steak house."  from the crab cakes and lamb chops to the flourless chocolate cake and cheesecake. It was an adventure in dining and a memorable evening.  All at our table will be back!"  but ok I walked away feeling like steak greatness was found." I would recommend that you try the lamb chops or Filet Oscar if you've never been here.  The carpaccio is also a must try.  Never had this dish before but it made me love the stuff.  They have a huge selection of wine to choose from and the ambience is very relaxed with dim lighting and jazz music playing in the background.  I always come back because they never disappoint. "We're from out of town and  came here thinkiing it was your typical grill type restrauant.  We realize right away when we entered and saw the decor that we had made a mistake.  So much for not noticing the dollar signs on Yelp.  However we made the best of the situation.  We skipped drinks and dessert.  The main entrees were delicious.  The service was amazing!  They were so attentive.  If we ever have a special occasion "Food was great! The main lobster is so tender and the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella is amazing with the balsamic glaze. Although Yes pricey but some things you need to try.   This is one of them."  not amazing but really good for a big group of about 25-30. The group was very high maintenance and the staff and servers did a stellar job serving and taking care of special needs. Service was too long great steaks and servoce  and I do not love coconut cream pie - but there is something utterly amazing about this dessert that doesn't make me think of coconut. A great crust with soft filling  great service and great atmosphere!" The Captial Grill totally impressed me and I will definitely be going back."  all of which were very tasty.  The waitress then brought out a cucumber salmon appetizer which we did not order but was very delicious.  I opted for the special of two filet minon tenderloins topped with shrimp scampi.  TO DIE FOR!!!  The meat was tender and cooked just right and the scampi sauce was like no scampi sauce I've ever had before which made it so delicious!  The scampi sauce on top of the steak...amazing!!!  My husband had the Dry Aged Sirloin Steak which had great flavor and was very moist and tender.  We ordered a side of asparagus to share which was also very good but maybe had a bit too much lemon flavor for my taste.  We opted to skip dessert because our meal was so filling and delicious but because it was our anniversary they brought us dessert anyway.  It consisted of a light and fluffy cheesecake brle that was out of this world as well as a flourless chocolate cake that was also delicious.  Both desserts were served with a side of fresh berries and sauce.  Our experience at The Capital Grille was second to none and I would definitely suggest this place to anyone!!"  highly recommend.  I really don't think you can go wrong with Capital Grill." A nearly perfect dinner. My husband and I took my meat and potato loving parents to Capital Grille for restaurant week. The service was impeccable. Our waiter was knowledgable and very accommodating. I don't eat meat and hate salmon which were the options for restaurant week. He got me bass.It was so good. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection. . The lobster mac and cheese was great as a side. It was creamy and not fishy. The calamari appetizer was perfect. It had peppers which made it spicy. My husband and parents got the prime rib and said it was great. The meal was expensive but worth it. Have a great day enjoy good food." "I really love this Capital Grille! This location at Biltmore has always been spot on. Made a reservation for our anniversary here the night before Valentines Day. We arrived about 10 minutes early and our car service was met with awesome valet guys. We sat at the bar and had pre-dinner cocktails. I've always been treated so well at this particular Capital Grille from valet to valet. I love that when your table is ready they take your tab and your drink for you to your table. This night was our anniversary of a year and our table had rose petals scattered all over it. How nice is that?! We started with a seafood tower. It's our one year and hey - I learned an amazing piece of information about their giving. Every day Must visit Steakhouse for 2014!" "One of the best American Steakhouses. This is the second time I've been to this location  and everything was delicious.  It is like they have someone singing sweet lullabies and nurturing each plate of food in the back.  If you get a chance Celebrated dropping our son off for college with his mother's birthday. Our server Carolann was delightful. She delivered complimentary champagne and dessert. We will be repeat customers!  but I'd definitely like a ""next time""... my husband's birthday is coming up!"  great classic menu and the ambience of the Phoenix/Camelback restaurant is the best!"  ordered two bottles of wine and without asking they opened two additional bottles and kept pouring. Watch your bill at this restaurant." We are still full from the experience but will be back!"  was exceptional. I know he had other tables but we felt like he was there just for us. The food was delicious. The shrimp cocktail was great and you must try the calamari. Yum! The steaks were juicy and flavorful. The lobster mac and cheese was decadent. I could eat it every day and still want more. We had a wine tasting special at our table. It was fun to see if we could guess what kind each was. The whites were easier than the reds. We had a complimentary dessert duo; cheesecake and something rich & chocolate. The cheesecake was my favorite. I love food and am not easily impressed but I was impressed with my meal. From beginning to end we thoroughly enjoyed every moment. Don Goodwin  a 16 ounce bone in filet. I have never seen this on a menu before. WOW! It was superb. We finished the evening with a cappuccino and an anniversary dessert plate. We recommend The Capital Grille for any special occasion.  We will be back again soon." "My husband and i spent his birthday Tuesday night with Ricky. The service and suggestions were amazing-we loved the wine and splitting the delmonico with two different preparations. Outstanding service Amazing dinner and service!  Filet was cooked perfectly.  If you are celebrating a special night and a meat eater - Go there you won't be disappointed. I'm a vegetarian and was invited to a party at this restaurant. The veg. pasta was amazing and the appetizers and desserts were amazing!!! I can only imagine what the meat tasted like but everyone loved it. I think we started a new tradition for Thanksgiving -- skip the work and be thankful for The Capital Grille" Gorgonzola Filet was phenomenal & my Dad enjoyed his turkey dinner last night! Terry was our server and he was great! Definitely asking for him next time we go!!  fun place for a date but I usually go with my dad and just sit at the bar. The bar is also a god place to have a business meeting. They have my favorite little candies everywhere." QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA  no plain salad options. Not offered when I indicated why I couldn't eat the soup. So skip that. The ""vegetarian"" options was a  ""chef's vegetarian selection"". So of course I inquired... Yep described as ""a big pile of grilled vegetables"" hummm... So no sides? Just plop a pile and call it a day?  Wow. Impressive. I can skip that. Chocolate cake? Ok I'm down  just park in the free lot or garage behind Saks and Macy's.  Or just valet it if paying a little doesn't matter to you." I went there for dinner.  Very nice ... The food was excellent.  I ordered the bone-in filet with the twice-baked potato ... Perfectly prepared and delicious.  Coconut cream pie was a perfect way to end the meal!! The wait staff was very attentive.  Overall a great experience.  I will definitely return if I'm in the area."  as I've never had or even fathomed it with peppers. I worked around those and the squid itself was good Thank you for making our evening so wonderful."  & almost tasteless; however the Lemonade is really good. I changed it to the lemonade. I ordered the Seared Salmon salad. My friend ordered the ribeye sandwich. Both were very good. Mine was very tasty!!!!"  we couldn't have had a more pleasant experience or better meal.  My steak was done perfectly and the twice baked potatoes were the best I've ever had.  Much has been written about the lobster mac & cheese and every mouthful was worth a mention. The bartender made the best mojitos in the Valley and even dropped by our table to ensure our cocktails were to our liking!  It's not often that a bartender checks in on the diners.  Everything about The Capital Grille exceeded our expectations."  and they don't have that steak taste to them. We all ordered them medium cooked as well."  and one vegetable side came to just less than $200. I added a $75 tip to show our appreciation. Next time we're in town we'll make sure to visit them again." QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA I'll definitely come by Kia any time next time I'm in Phoenix this'll be the first place I eat."  Ryan. He had great recommendations and impeccable service. One of the best steaks that I've had! I had the bone-in filet with the Oscar (crab meat and sauce). I'm not much into chain restaurants  witty and charming. The staff is extremely friendly and treated my mother and I very well. I cannot emphasize the quality of service here. This is fine dining at its best. The food is wonderful and tasteful. If you have the pleasure request ken as your server and you will understand high quality service Great food & service is great food & service - chain or not. The Capital Grille Phoenix definitely sets the bar to new heights for excellence in service. Any restaurant that wants to consider themselves to be a competitor in Food & Beverage should look to TGC Phoenix as a role model. They will always have my business."   they did put some confetti on the table for my father in laws birthday." Thanks again Manager Don Goodwin & our server Ricky Reyes for aiding in a great night out." "Great restaurant. My father took me there for my birthday. When we got there (15 minutes early) the table was already set and waiting for us. The staff had showered the table with little happy birthday decorations. Thought it was a nice touch. Above and beyond that "fancy place with great service... but "High priced steak house the servers and wait staff was not up to par for this level of dining. Salty food Service was excellent. I mean really excellent. I can't even find one thing to complain.  Capital Grille is located throughout the United States. If the service and food is consistent everywhere Wow compared to the north Scottsdale location this place needs help. North scootsdale service and food service far superior   We sat near the bar in what they deem lounge seating. Don't do it. You're better off at the bar  I really appreciate the great service.  I would love to go back and try their other cuts of steak.  But as far as having a dinner presentation there...A+" "we had dinner there tonight. they were not very clear on the difference between the restaurant week menu and normal menu which caused mass confusion after the food was on the table. we also seemed to be an inconvenience to the waiter as he seemed annoyed by our simple requests. also they failed to fill water glasses and drinks in a timely manner. the bartender did not know how to make a slow gin fiz. they couldn't add the drinks from the bar because the waiter couldn't do the math i guess so we had to calculate. the placed lacked culture and I would suggest Durrants if you like real fine dining with legitimate customer service. to be fair  if you have money for the finer things in life Wow is all I can say. From the onion bread to the spicy calamari cooked to perfection my appetizers were delicious. Also ordered the scallops as well as the lobster mac n cheese which is heavenly to say the least. Wish I could come back everyday!! This place is amazing!  Great food and they make you feel as though you are the only customer in the place.  We come here for all our birthdays and anniversaries. We've dined here many times and never have been disappointed."  all this greasy buttery sauce will cover up the need to season this piece of meat! I would expect this from a Denny's restaurant after a night of clubbing while in college - not for a nice sit down restaurant. I think I've had better steak at Outback Steakhouse. My boyfriend had the filet on the bone. It came out looking like a barbaric slab of meat from the stone ages - again the most bland seasoning you've ever experienced with a steak! Thank God this place had A-1 steak sauce to save grace - he drowned his steak in this to give it some flavour. Pretty sad when you have to ask for steak sauce at a fine dining establishment. Typically a good steak  fantastic wine selection. Expensive but well worth the experience."  only because it has great streak but because they serve Fresca!  It's next to impossible to find and they actually have it.  I love Fresca and Citrine vodka so it's nice to have a cocktail before dinner.  The sides are huge which is good because everything is a la carte (the only downside)." I think I feel another Capital Grille jones coming on..." "My husband and I were craving a quality steak and decided to try The Capital Grille.  It didn't disappoint.  Jennifer R. was our waitress; she was very friendly This is a great restaurant. The food is great. I usually get the mango salmon salad which is my favorite. I have tried the French onion soup as well and it is delicious! The staff is very friendly and the service is great. The place itself is very nice inside. I definitely recommend Capital Grille! Service was A+ and made sure we were well taken care of." I called management. I don't think they care." Everything on their menu looked amazing and I wanted to try all of it. I look foreword to our next visit." "The food was fantastic and the service was excellent. I had the dry aged sirloin with steak frites and the steak was perfect. We were all asking ourselves when we last had anything so good. The fries were crispy and thin and perfectly salted. The dressing on the mixed green salad was bland but let's face it  you can choose your choice of soup or salad and an entree! {And of course their amazing bread basket}. Their entree options include; Dry Aged Sirloin Steak Frites with Red Eye Jus  you know that there are endless great restaurants all over the Valley! The Capital Grille is definitely one of them!" The wine/burger combo is definitely a great promotion when available. Capital Grille is definitely great for a date night out For these prices expected a lot better experience." This is by far my most favorite restaurant! The service is impeccable and the food is awesome! I've celebrated my birthday here and special occasions. I experienced issues with one of my reservations and the hostess helped me out and provided me stellar service. QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA You never get a second chance to make a first impression.  Sorry Wow just wow!  Dry rub aged porterhouse steak was tender juice and just melted in my mouth.   Desert was unbeatable.   They killed their cheese cake honestly better then cheesecake factort. The only complaint I have was it took forever to get our food.  delicious!  I absolutely saved room for dessert and it was well worth it. The cheesecake is one of my favorite desserts and one of the best I've had. I'll definitely be going back."  Mac & cheese w/ lobster was truly delightful and the coconut cream pie was phenomenal!  Pretty pricey ... Would have been 5star if just a bit more affordable!" Best steaks ever!! The best service ever!! The beat cheesecake I really liked this place the only little thing that bothered me was how rude two of the bartenders were but the rest of the staff great My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our 1 year anniversary on a recommendation from one of my friends.. I have to say it's one of the best steak houses we've been too in Phoenix.. We ordered the pan fried calamari with hot peppers which were absolutely delicious.. Then we ordered The Porcini Rubbed Bone-In Ribeye and the porter steak and a side of mashed potatoes.. Both steaks were amazing but both my boyfriend and I enjoyed the porcini rubber bone in ribeye a little bit more.. The ppl who worked there were amazing.. They decorated our table along with getting a free glass of champagne and a sampler of a small chocolate cake and cheese cake complimentary for our anniversary..This place is AMAZING!! Went there the other night and we also had the waiter from hell....he was inattentive the whole evening. We had to ask other waiters to help us. The list could go on of all the things he didn't do...moreover...The Filet Mignon was dry and  the bone in steak that my husband had was tasteless. We have been there several times over the years and never had a bad experience...but this time it was enough to not go back or recommend it to our friends.  superb side dishes! Rebecca our server was informative and courteous. I come to expect a level of professionalism when paying a considerable amount for a meal and unfortunately the experience was just not up to par on the prices they command in that ice teas were brought initially and then never refilled after the meal had started. A bottle of wine would have likely been ordered had we been checked on until after our meal was finished but we were not. In using the restroom I did find servers and hostesses that were in the customer bathroom complaining about whos got whos tables which just left a really bad impression. I just feel like the overall experience based upon these occurrences left a bad taste in my mouth  med-rare. The staff is friendly and attentive. There seems to be an older crowd when I go. The atmosphere is nice. Make sure to use your table manners here. It's pricey outstanding service from the time you walk-in they have you r table set before you sit down they address for bye your name the whole time me we one I had to wait for them to refill anything thus is the service they you should get at this caliber restaurant the food was just as grate the calamari was different it was spicy but good the new York was cook to perfection  the cream spinach was not the best I've ever had. it it was tasty as well I'll be back for Shir Great food and service. Steak cooked perfectly. Overpriced food and wine but always consistent. Will definitely be back next time I'm in the area." had to drop a star because the server wasn't a good as the last time we were in had to ask for refills he didn't just do it he only can back around when he brought the food now the food was awesome I had the mushroom crusted steak that was grate wife had lamb chop the jelly that they served was the best that I ever had I think it was fig the salmon was good as well get the apple cobbler it was amazing  the experience's we've had since then have not been fitting for a restaurant of this caliber (and not to mention price). The Au Gratin potatoes have been consistently tasty  it absolutely exceeded my expectations and the service was outstanding!  When you ask for a steak cooked exactly to your liking  I'm still smacking my lips! The brussels sprouts were delicious as were the other sides. I will say the drinks were pricy QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA The hubby brought me here for our Anniversary dinner. I loved the dim lighting and the nice Anniversary table layout they had for us. The mignon was very good and not to mention the complimentary dessert to help celebrate our special day. It was lovely.  and the service is usually well above average. I always leave fat and happy."  which is vodka infused with fresh pineapple and served straight up. It was excellent! We also were treated to a variety of appetizers such as shrimp cocktail and risotto balls. The shrimp were huge and so fresh and don't even get me started on how delicious the risotto balls were. The best part was there was a raffle for a $100 gift certificate and I won! So we are very much looking forward to returning for lunch or dinner and trying some more selections off the menu. This is very much a special occasion kind of place. Not the kind of place we would be able to frequent often on our budget Great food and outstanding service. Had the Mediterranean salad and was one of the best I've had. Great place for a business lunch. Would recommend this place to anyone"  she assured me that it wouldn't be that tough. She was right and I was so full that I bought home the other half. My husband ordered the lobster frittata which was really good. The lobster tails were so sweet!  We have never had a bad meal here and having great service made this meal even better!!!" This is why I'm giving 3 stars. If it has a bit less prices it would be great  but my husband's salmon was even better. They know how to make the outside crispy while the inside of the salmon is like butter. The plates all come out together with this sort of marching band presentation that really impresses diners. They're trying these new iPads for drink orders that don't work that well with only one per table....hard copy menus make more sense (we sometimes get carried away w technology!) rather than trying to pass one iPad around an entire table. Lastly QdbZyl-LWFS54u93Vjd5SA My daughter took me there for birthday tonight. Restaurant week menu absolutely amazing. Everything amazing. Ricky was our server and he was awesome. Love pumpernickel bread. Would love to know how to make it. We are so grateful for such a wonderful evening!"  cinched the experience. We'll be back!  This is my first yelp review. I've never been moved by food or service to take the time to review." "Went to Capital Grill for a lunch meeting.  Hands down "This place is just good. I've been here 3-4 times. A good solid American dining experience. David was very knowledgeable and we enjoyed ourselves. This is from almost a year ago. But I've been eating at the Capital grille on and off since 2014. Looking for a good steak Valet is available  for parking. .they were slow bringing  us the bread appetizers.  They were quick to refill our water. We had appetizers  cocktail  shrimp  and oysters . They looked good but did not taste fresh.i ordered  crab legs with she'll but came without. The waiter misunderstood.  We had potatoes  Aug rating but came with a crust that I did not like. We ordered a steak that was undercooked.  Food was good but disappointed  with their mistakes THE place to make a special occasion truly special." "Just had the worst customer service from the management at the  Chilis on Camelback and 20th st. As a long time former employee of the company Both the health dept and corporate need to make a surprise visit." I wish I could remember her name!"  buy a whole bottle of wine to enjoy after the movie.  I've always been given great assistance in picking out the perfect bottle.  I can almost taste it now...." Great place to sit and drink wine on a Saturday afternoon where you have nothing better to do. Food's average. Lots of people watching which I  love. No indoor seating though so avoid when hot.  and I don't like when places used chopped lettuce in caesar salads. I prefer the larger leafs.  The beer selection is medium sized...a little smaller than what I would think a place that bills itself as a taproom would offer." Potato Skins. Big plate and good enough to share."  what a novel concept: I can hear what my companion is saying!"  so good. They make the tortilla chips fresh and they are super thin." "Not too bad. It's a upscale sports bar.  Food is pretty good and they always have wine/drink specials.  Usually not many people in there.  I need to put this in rotation more often "Keegan's is a nice pub style place with tv's placed perfectly for sports watching.  Our service was attentive and friendly and they have a nice selection of beers in the bottle and on draft.   The crowd is friendly and unpretentious.   The food Always a great place to stop in on the Camelback corridor." I'll definitley be back for Sunday brunch again for some of that great french toast and hope to check it out for dinner some night. Keegan's usually has some good  but pretty small.  I keep meaning to try some of the dinner items on the menu.  The beer is kinda pricey retail - it was $5 for draft hefeweisens when i went last night.  It wasn't happy hour but geez.."  what's a Taproom? they only had about 5 beers on tap?" I would definitely go back."  the atmosphere was total old people. It seemed like a great place to go at like 10am on a sunday to watch the final round of a golf tournament. Lots of blue hairs there as well  prices are ok.  One of these days I'm going to hang-out here for a few hours and have a few beers." Great place to go for lunch.    They are always busy; service is excellent and the food good.     Their sandwiches are especially good.   Highly recommend.       You will not be disappointed.         If you enjoy looking at pictures it is a great place to see important people.  and just a fun place to go.  It is also a place I like to meet people for happy hour.  They have a wonderful selection of beers also they offer two happy hours a 3pm - 6:30 pm and a night one also." Happy hour starts at 8 PM... Awesome! Food is Awesome! My new favorite place! Go there...NOW!"  the service is great and the food is really delicious. I wasn't putting a lot of hope in the food but everything that we've tried has been very good. My only suggestion would be that they turn down the grill and cook the food a bit longer. I had to have them remake one of my sliders and I've seen other situation were people asked for their food to be cooked more. But the food tastes so good that it isn't even an issue for me or my usually very picky boyfriend :) we just make sure to have them cook everything well. All in all  as well as homemade comfy dinner -  quick rVUEZpHQfWI_3kt0lBwaxQ  restaurant serving safe standards cooked safely.  Your parents will love it."  other times it is very lacking. So they get three stars for that. The beer and drink selection is good. I have never had bad service at the bar. It is a good place go to watch a game on TV and have a few beers. I will be back because the food is consistently OK."  i would say the bar and kitchen let the front of the house down with bad recipes and poor execution." They have the BEST wings...not fried! They now offer grass fed and hormone free burger...YUM! Only had soup and salad and it is hard to mess it up but the soup (lentil) was delicious and most importantly it was hot. The house salad was adaquate.  Service was friendly and timely. I would recommend this bistro for its price and food  and are happy hour fans.  Fans of the food.  The drinks are fine - but not extensive.  If you want comfortable booths in the bar with beer and wings - this is a good place to go." I had the ""Son of MOAB"": A large hamburger on an egg bread roll. Not a bad deal at $6 for the combo."  healthy flavor! My dinner was priced fairly and I got a lot of food. I will be going back" I stopped by Keegan's to eat corned beef and cabbage on St. Patrick's Day. I've never ordered this dish before so I didn't know if I was going to like it or not. I ended up loving it!  The corned beef was lean and tender and the veggies were perfectly seasoned. I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. I'd definitely come back to try other items on the menu. Met up with a group of friends here on a Monday night... a big group. Although Keegan's had no notice of our mob arrival they did well with service etc. Beers were poured fast; food took a little extra time but with a group our size that is to be expected. The outside patio space was great on a warm AZ night... a friend got the sliders and said they were quite tasty when they finally arrived. The happy hour prices are okay with a nice choice of beers and mixed cocktails.  and the service was excellent.  Our waitress was very attentive and pleasant."  and this is also a wonderful place to take your grandparents. It is one of my grannies faves."  was that I ordered the taproom steak sandwich. I have had this several times over the years at all 3 locations. Tonight I got it and it looked like half the normal portion! What happened Keegan's did we skim back? It was literally 2 small steaks (maybe 1.5lbs each instead of the normal 3lbs each). I just think that's really skimpy for a $14 dollar meal. I hope this is helpful criticism because I do love the Keegan's restaurants and normally have good service. I was just really disappointed tonight and thought you needed to know!" And the food is amazing as well.  And please always remember to make room for their cobbler :)  Prices are very reasonable - and Happy Hour is a menu you can't beat.  (Football Sundays is also an all day happy hour as well)" I don't know how the Health Department feels about dogs sitting on a diner's lap in a busy dining room...but I think it is inexcusable." The staff was friendly and attentive. Hopefully it won't be years before we return. We had a great experience and I'm ready for another one of those margaritas!!" Finally tried this neighborhood spot! Great happy hour prices.  Really good food - not your average bar food.  Had ribs and Mac and cheese (so good!) spicy shrimp app was tasty.  Good service and enjoyed the music when we were there.  Good mix of people and will definitely be going back!  sniffling and touching the door and menus.  I'm not a big germa-phone but this is not very appealing as I'm about to eat.  Then our waitress came along and was not familiar with the menu at all.   She was still friendly and attentive  a good place for either happy hour or a meal." I would say their only downsides are that their prices felt a bit high for the portions that they offer and the dining atmosphere is only okay.  But  he loved them. The food is nicely presented the service was excellent. I would easily recomment Keegans to my friends and am looking forward to eating there again."  and has the most beautiful and friendly bartender in Autumn.  I would recommend this place for anyone who just wants to have some good food and a few drinks to wound down."  but no one came to our table for drink orders or even to greet us and say they would be with us shortly after they were done talking gossip... after 7 min we left. Slow service and they were empty. We spent our 40.00 at a different restaurant."  I'd visit Keegan's every week if I could. I should be traveling to Phoenix again soon and when I do I will definetly be stopping in again!"  it appeared that many diners has delicious looking meals.  Perhaps the fail was in what we chose to order?  I would consider a re-visit  based on this meal and looking at the menu I would guess if you do not have adventurous tastes and a bud light palate you will be happy here - If you are looking for something more than average American cuisine - move on" The food is just ok nothing special. I had the fish and chips I would rather them be battered and not Panko crusted. The service is just ok too. I did enjoy the cold beer. Worst wait staff and management i have ever experienced in my life!!! Kinda feels like a retirement home. Love this place!! Me and my fiance went there yesterday.  The food was delicious. And we had the coolest server ever! Toma was on top of it. And had some great food recommendations.  I hadn't been here in a while and glad I came back! Fantastic service from Toma and good eats! Love this place! We will definitely be back.  but you didn't hear it from me ;) and I would recommend it for locals and visitors alike. Keegan's=your favorite neighborhood bar and grill." rVUEZpHQfWI_3kt0lBwaxQ  service and atmosphere....."  and I speak from experience. Too many restaurants serve food that is weak on flavor but the food at Keegan's has an explosion of flavor. Don't let yourself be fooled by the food looking like what is typically served at any other grill. Don't be caught by surprise if the manager personally checks in on you and your food is out within minutes from ordering. My waiter was Jaimie and she will not let you down. This is not a place to pass up. Drop in and grab a bite to eat." Everything was just ok. Decent beer selection. They got the temp right on my burger. My wife had salmon. The consensus was good service but lackluster flavors. Everything needed more seasoning.  it's also hard to say anything good about it. I guess if I had to characterize this bar/restaurant I would say that it's mediocre in almost every way. Let me start with the beer selection: not a lot on draft. The fact that a supposedly Irish bar doesn't have staples like Smithwick's or Guinness is disappointing. The food is hit or miss. The vegetable melt was extremely soggy and unappetizing The place looked newly remodel. It was nice and clean. The waiter was very attentive however we picked a bad day with all the rain . The electric went out four times during our meal .  My salad was large with large chunks of avocado and plenty of chicken.  My associate had a salmon salad The mood here is clean and casual.  There are tvs available to watch the current sporting event and a full service bar.  Or have a seat in one of their spacious booths." Weekend: Drink Specials all day & night" The food was really bad.   And my son didn't touch his Cuz it was that yucky.   The waitress wasn't that friendly and didn't bother asking us if we wanted to try something else.  Since we barely ate any of it.   Good customer service is offering something else or at least a deduction for uneaten meals.   Will not go back. rVUEZpHQfWI_3kt0lBwaxQ "Not great. Very empty at dinner time on a Thursday. Odd crowd and wait staff seemed uninterested in our table. Food was pretty meh  but let's put it in the bag! It should be simple enough This gem is right across the street from where I work. They had so many different choices for food! I got the shrimp tacos and I loved them! I plan to go back and try more!  which are still the best I've ever had. Then they took them off the menu. After that I have been here on and off over the years and have not been disappointed yet! Worth a stop in you're in the area." Whenever I'm in the area I want Keegans.  So yummy.  They have a delicious menu and great atmosphere!  Staff is friendly as well. rVUEZpHQfWI_3kt0lBwaxQ On St. Paddy's day they put up a strong corned beef! Just a wee bit of info for ya."  I had the tuna sandwich along with the potato soup amazing it hit the spot. The girls at the bar very friendly .  Fast and Attractive.  FRIENDLY ====im coming back!" Don't go there. They have limitations one shot per hour. The GM isn't friendly and could careless. You can tell the staff isn't well trained. Big disappointment.   this place might be worth waiting to try. We started out strong with our drink and appetizer order then sat for almost 40 minutes after it was gone and watched people demanding service near the specials board. We stood up and our server was nowhere to be seen.  The Pale Ale cheese and chip appetizer was pretty good but our patience just ran out. Not sure if we would try this place again." the ladies ate we paid the bill but we will not return........what a disaster........too many good restaurants in phoenix who offer better food and service..........general information this is the first time i have ever yelped...........neighboring patron enlightened me ( they were also dissatisfied)"  one that is friendly to the occasional cigar loving patron is a rare find. I'll be back to try more things on the menu."  it didn't even click I hadn't signed the card slip).  He beckoned me to follow him back to the expo window plopped down the card and bag and turned around with out another word.  He looked so cheerful the whole time I thought a ""sorry about that"" or SOMETHING/ANYTHING by way of apology would be offered since he watched me walk up out of the heat... but nope!  We order takeout about once a week from this location and walk over every time.  Now I really have to think  very little chicken and what was there was sliced so thin I could barely tell that it was chicken. There was two little tortilla strips and the rest of it was lettuce and very little dressing.  If I had been by myself I would have complain to the server and ask for something else since I had two bites and realized that it was not good.  Paying  $9 for a pile of lettuce is a rip off." "Reverse Happy hour is the best!  Love the wings(they are grilled and not buffalo style but very tasty).  The skins are nice and crispy with lots of bacon and the kale salad is refreshing.  We go there a couple times a month and food Never had a bad meal here and I eat here a LOT. it's much better than bar food. Prices are very reasonable and they have a $6.95 soup and sandwich every weekday for lunch.  however ribs were brought out cold. Had to send them back. Hostess was spunky as a wet noodle. Double charged for soft drinks "Great little spot for some small plates & apps. We stopped in for our Friday Date Night & had some small plates "Been a very satisfied customer for 25 years! Autumn makes the best drinks! We've been spoiled by their potato skins I came here for ribs and steak but it wasn't dinner hour. I had wings and sandwiches instead and they were still great. I love the environment "The ribs are the best in town. Service is friendly and efficient. It's a neighborhood place that's been there for years. Love going  salad and beverage apiece was less than $18 with tip.  VERY Reasonable for such a great place to be." "customer service is awesome when Autumn is working the bar. Down to earth place "So I have to update this review as we have returned back to Keegan's on many occasions since and have become regulars and have had great service and terrific food. The server that helped us on our first visit was new and even if she told us that we would have understood but would have still walked out. Please to all servers  in the same parking lot with $1 oysters during their HH that also starts at 2pm weekdays (and $15 bottomless Bloody Mary's or Mimosas on the weekends) and this is a great way to say Happy Friday and start the weekend!"  and Central Bistro). So don't feel bad passing up Keegan's for a more reliable and delicious option." Very good happy hour spot. Great American food with cheap prices. the baby back ribs ($6) were perfectly cooked and seasoned. Did I mention happy he starts at 2 pm! It has been 18 months . Server was a little  sassy and knew my colleague.  Had their soup and sandwich.  Lentil soup was excellent  with a nice rich broth. Mini slider was tasty . Good experience "Nice place!  I ordered two small plates (bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and the two small burgers)   and nice!  Jaime offered menu insights to make sure everyone would be happy with their orders.. All if the food was excellent. I had the all natural half chicken.  Chicken was well seasoned  but food was amazing and the service was outstanding! The Russian girl Toma gave me great food recommendations. Will be back soon!" We can't wait to come here again soon  but seems like it's for an older crowd. The design inside is pretty cool and I like their giant front door. I only came for lunch "you know that scene in Goodfellas where all the mobbed up dudes are at the Copa with their girlfriends? this place is kinda like that  check out the menu and atmosphere first to decide if you like the absuridity of this place."  it is served in a pasta trio with other pastas of the day.  Another tasty dish is the osso bucco.  You really should try this place at least once.  It would be great for a nice date.  I don't think that they strictly enforce a dress code  so I usually take home what's left on my plate.  It's great the next day." "This is the BEST Italian food in Phoenix. The ""Goodfellas"" vibe is understated. What I loved was the 80s decor  servers take time to make sure you are happy with what you are ordering and with what you get"  which was parmesean crusted and very good. It was mild and wonderful. The tiramisu for dessert was also great. Next time though i will get the pasta as the were making it fresh in the restauraunt. I have to give that a try. The ambiance was great. I don't think they have changed anything since it opened in 1974. It's not trendy or chic but it is classy and takes you back in time. It does seem like it attracts an older generation  the pasta chef brought the tray over to our table and suggested we try the gnocchi with alfredo sauce.  The gnocchi were the melt-in-your-mouth kind and the sauce was a tomato enhanced alfredo - very flavorful.   Full from the appetizer  drinks and appetizers are priced accordingly... totally worth every penny."  but this place came at it from a different angle and was worth every penny.  Enjoy!"  this place is serious class. The owner meets you at the door and the food is the best Italian around.  I'm Sicilian so I know good Italian food and this is the best Italian restaurant I have found in Az. It is not inexpensive  and I swore they had been in the home a million times.  The server treated everyone like family and the food was fantastic.  We began with ravoli "We had a company office dinner here and had a great experience.  The service was outstanding and food was very delicious. However Even the bathroom was cool. They have little velcro covers for the the pipes under the sink. Talk about class. Yes I'm being sarcastic  and the service was great.  We will be back!" concluded the meal by sharing the homemade tiramisu ($6) with my 2 colleagues.  for the price We drank waters and the bill was $68 after tip.  I won't be going back."  the bottom layer was too soggy.  I'll give them a pass on that because having assembled that desert many times I know how tricky it can be."  the ambiance straight out of a Soprano's episode and the food was delicious.  We especially loved the crab cakes!  We even had dessert - the cheesecake was pretty good." The veal chop was stuffed with spinach and a little cheese.  It was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked.  I don't think I've ever had a veal chop this moist and delicious.  The berries with whipped cream were a perfect ending  adding that they also had house wine.  He mentioned $8 and we thought he was talking about the Rombauer.  We ordered the Rombauer - one cab and one zin.  When we got the bills Good luck and here's to making it back out of the 70's time warp!"  stick to the gnocchi.  And pass on dessert and salad course unless you like a ton of dressing."  informed and attentive.   We started with 3 different  homemade pastas and a side of fried Calamari and all were excellent. My wife had a fresh white fish encrusted with herbes and parmesan. I had a double thick stuffed veal chop. Both dinners were excellent obviously each prepared with much care to detail.    We were so full  the gorgonola cheese on the Insalata exceptional.  The amaretto cheesecake with strawberry slices we shared was amazing.  Avanti describes the restaurant as suitable for ""quiet romance.""  While the ambience is pleasant It's definitely not for those on a budget."  three extremely small plates of mediocre pasta desserts that cloyed the palate. All for an advertised value of $90. Will NEVER return." The long and the short of it I wont be back. Avanti's has slipped to Olive Garden level with Macaroni Grill prices! WAY OVER PRICED." Gnocchi and Tiramisu were delicious for a early Saturday Meal .  I will go again for my favorite winter Italian fix.  Its too bad that a Groupon/Other discount programs are necessary to offset the high a la carte pricing.   Obviously the Restaurant is staying open with the heavy discounting  programs based on the Yelp reviews.  It would make sense to realistically price the Menu so that they could cater to repeat Guests like myself and not rely on the 3rd party marketing.   John is very a gracious server who was very nice.  pasta and desert. Gotta say it was all pretty good. Bread was pretty good also. Will be back at some point." "Food was excellent.  Kind of in a crappy part of town.  They pour healthy glasses of wine =-) and the food is served in a presentation format.  The decor made me feel like Scarface might be sitting a few tables away.  The decor in the bar is dated and the mirrors all over the place made me feel funny.  The service was FANTASTIC and you feel very comfortable making conversation without worrying about being ""too loud""." Disgusting!  Had a Groupon so my daughter and I tried it out.  Very outdated and gaudy 80's style interior made me feel like I was in an episode of Sopranos.  The food itself was pretty bad.  We ordered pretty simple dishes but they just had no flavor at all!  After trying it out I'm positive all the good reviews on here are employees or owners creating them. Just went to Avanti for Mother's Day and was very pleased. The meal was a brunch buffet and was some of the most authentic Italian food I have tasted in America. The service was equally matched with the exceptional cuisine. Wonderful place with great food. The place could use some updating but I still like it. "I went there for my 30th Birthday celebration. We were greeted immediately by a friendly staff member and taken to a table that was not set up for the number of guests we had even though we had called ahead several days prior for a reservation. We were given 2 dinner menus for 5 people. We asked about happy hour menu and he brought back one menu and wasn't able to answer questions about it. He took the appetizer order from 3 people and left the table without taking order from the other two. He didnt return till the appetizers came out from the original order. The apps were fantastic! (Stuffed Shrimp "get the ngocchi and that is all I have to say.... do it before you die.   The stuff melts in your mouth and I have never had it taste so good anywhere else.  The food and service are great at this place and the prices are like a really high end restaurant.  This place has been around since the 70's and it shows...which is my only complaint.  I really wish they would remodel this place and revive it a little bit because the food is really good.  The owner is always around our server has worked there for 33 years if that doesn't tell you something.  The atmosphere in the bar is black and white checkerboard tile with mirrors for walls.  The dining room has been painted but the furniture is a little dated.  I ordered the veal Marsala and it was fantastic "Service is awesome and food is pretty good.  We had reservations which ended up being unnecessary as the place was empty.  The decor is definitely outdated and the clientele is family oriented and a lil loud as there's lots of laughter.  I'd definitely recommend if you are going ins big casual group Excellent old school Italian! My suggestion would be to skip this place and head over to BLT Steak for their escargot appetizer ($7) during happy hour and then to Beckett's Table for the Pork Osso Bucco Confit ($18). And if you want a cleaner taste  right down to the zebra striped chairs. The service is spot on; this isn't your chain joint with some struggling actor as your server. All the servers here know their menu and their wine pairings. The food is the icing on the cake! Everything here is authentic italian I ordered the special which was recommended by the waiter and it was great.  My wife had the fish which was very good too but maybe too much lemon.  The atmosphere is great.  It looks like an old school Italian restaurant.  They have a lot of photos of celebrities so I guess famous people like to eat there too. Will not go back again."  and intimate setting along with outstanding food and service makes this a must see and eat place in my opinion. So many restaurants these days are about group dining  especially when we initially requested water to drink when we had just been sat. I saw his interest deflate as quickly as he calculated what his potential tip without adding wine to the bill. Little did he consider that we needed a little time to settle in and determine what wine would pair well with our entree. Equally  the most delicious gnocchi in town.  Comes in an Alfredo sauce with peas." vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA "I love the decor at this restaurant!  Went there for the first time with a Groupon discount and have been back 3 times since then.  The calamari is the BEST I have ever had here or in any restaurant in California.  Can't wait for the summer lobster special to return.  All of the pasta dishes are great.  Save room for the amazing tiramisu.  The waiters all speak Italian and are very attentive as is the owner who always makes it a point to stop by our table to see how we enjoyed our meal.  We had my Mother's 91st birthday dinner at Avanti  servers nice...  Repeat performance do-able" vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA Great patio.  Red pepper soup very tasty as are shortrib tacos.  Great service  the food is consistent. Really like their antipasto platter and gnocchi"  extremely comforting.  The staff is top-notch.  They give the impression of folks who have worked there for a while and care about the restaurant and the impression they make on the customer. The food incredible.  My favorite thing on the menu is the Pappardelle with Beef Shank Ragu (why is it so hard to find Pappardelle anywhere??)  Trust me  we were welcomed upon entrance and our server was very attentive... but only in the beginning of the meal.  It took us forever to get our check."  sub par food at high prices means this place should be avoided." Awesome service and incredible food. :)  the bottle of wine was superb and the flan was also great. Considering the food that we ordered including crab cake appetizer and dessert along with the bottle of wine our tab was only about $125. I came out of this place very satisfied!" NASTY! Gordon Ramsay would have ripped this place apart. I'm imagining that's why there were only 6 people in this fairly large awkward restaurant on  a Friday night.  Completely outdated overpriced food. $26 for the grossest chicken Francese I have ever eaten. What a ripoff! Also their house wine is $10 a glass ( barefoot brand) will never return.  and they are mindful of your experience. They will not clear your plates until they are absolutely sure you are finished or give them a signal (napkin on plate or even a nod). If you have wine to finish I am so excited that we are going to Avanti again for our wedding anniversary! We have done this for years the food is superb and you will not find better service. The atmosphere is Art Deco and very elegant but very comfortable. My favorite restaurant! "From out of town lookin got some pasta! Settled on this place and ordered steak pizzaiola instead! 2nd best i ever had! My waiter was old school! Very attentive and accommodating! I was wearing carhart pants and shirt and still got 4 star service and attention! Expected a snooty attitude. Got quite the opposite!  Decor is a little weird but the food and service more than made up for it! Thank you  showing $90.  The entrees are more expensive than good  I can't imagine coming back here because our bill came out close to $85/person (although admittedly we did have two drinks each)."  but was not a good value. It was old- school Americanized cuisine. I would not seek it out again." Go here at least for the cannoli. Stay for the dinner too. Fantastic place My only negative comment is the tiramisu was a bit soggy (for lack of a better description) on the bottom.  But that is completely excusable due to the service and everything else being remarkable.  We will be back for sure." vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA  but I would have gladly paid full price." This place was Great. The food service and atmosphere was unbelievable. The pasta dishes we had were the best we have had since Italy. True Italian Every item at the buffet table should have had a serving utensil but many had none. I was very uncomfortable having to pick with my hands. It was all poor quality food and poorly prepared. Not for foodies and especially not for real Italians!" So had a gift certificate to eat here so rounded up a couple of co-workers and headed to lunch! It was a really cool place the wall of fame was solid! I ordered the Chicken and Sausage Scarpariello it was AWESOME service was good..will come back to try dinner for sure!!  sat us at our table and disappeared for the remainder of the evening.  Our waiter was odd; he seemed to be in a rush and irritated even though the place was empty. For starters we ordered the pasta trio sampler and the Oyster Rockefeller.  The only thing memorable about the sampler was the gnocchi which was as good as most yelpers mentioned. The Rockefeller may have been the worse I've ever had; the oysters were so tiny I could barely discern them in the heavily creamed spinach. I'm not sure how something so creamy can be so utterly bland and flat. For the entre I had the Salmon which again was drowned in a weird sauce that covered the entire plate. The salmon was moist but the sauce was putrid. It tasted at least 3 days old. The sides were cold oven roasted potatoes which again were covered in that odd sauce. For the finale  cold and fresh. The steak that my brother in law had was very large and cooked properly. I had the pasta trio. The gnocchi was good. The other two pastas were below average and I suspect made from a canned pasta sauce. There were 5 of us dining. Some were happy with the experience. Others simply tolerated it. We dined for a special occasion  and tasted several days old. This experience would have been forgettable and/or forgiveable if they weren't also charging $35/plate for the halibut ""special"". There are so many other restaurants nearby that charge less for a much better food experience. Bottom line Heard this place was great and saw that it was happy hour so decided to drop by. Unsure about the service at first but he ended up being really friendly and helped us make some great choices regarding what to order. Everything we tried was delicious and the $5 glasses of wine complimented the meal perfectly! Great old school vibe. Looked like a great place for parties and events. My new favorite restaurant in AZ. This is the kind of place I have been looking for since I moved here. Real authentic Italian food finally!  check out Avanti. We'll be visiting them again soon."  then dessert and after dinner drinks. This is the kind of place you spent some time in. This is the kind of place that used to require some proper dining etiquette. I don't find this happening much anymore at Avanti. There hasn't even been a need for valet on my visits over the last several years. That's not a bad thing. Just an observation. Times are changing  their soup Italian wedding soup was warm and tasty nice broth. They have great bread. The place is a little o n the dark side and these old eyes have trouble with the menu. I loved their shrimp scampi. Great deserts" "Woooooooow! Went to Avanti with a few friends for restaurant week. I decided to split the restaurant week menu with a friend since she had weight loss surgery and can't eat too much. I am severely regretting this decision. We got the meat lasagna...is it impolite to lick the plate clean? Is it truly considered poor etiquette to do so when it was THIS delicious? Meat lasagna "Went here last night with my mom for Restaurant Week & I was just floored with how good their food AND service was. We were there past rush hour so we pretty much had the place to ourselves & we got nothing but rockstar service from their waiter John. Such a nice man  sooo yummy Italian dishes.  It is a classic and shouldn't be missed.  I have been going here for 10 years!!!!"  no bad meal and we are a group of foodies who eat at all the dive places around town. Ever been to Durants in downtown Phoenix? This one is not a far cry from that dated  but great for a special night out. The service is what makes this place five stars. The waiters will take great care of you and make you feel like a regular."  etc. It's kind of in the middle of all of this. When you walk in it's a little funky with almost mirrored ceilings and the lighting is too bright. But the food was fantastic. We had chicken parm  hardcore 80's..annnnd our waiter seemed to hate us for some reason. For a $300 meal  maybe slightly rushed. We were not advised of the specials for the evening. Having reviewed the menu prior to arriving Great food on the pricey side. Went 2 times . Anniversary dinner was excellent 5 stars. Food ambiance and service was excellent. Then went for New Years 2015. Very disappointed in the menu for the evening. The food was certainly not as enjoyable as our first experience and the service dropped from 5 stars to 2 1/2 stars. We made the best of it but when you spend a lot for a new yrs dinner and are disappointed you don't plan on going back. We don't have money to throw in the garbage I'm picky about restaurants and service. This place is a solid A+. The only regret is not coming here sooner. I'm so glad I ordered sausage and peppers from another vendor. because it was delicious and when I tried the Avanti gnocchi that a friend ordered it was terrible. It was like it came out of a can.  Mushy and in a gooey tasteless white sauce. I understand that it was pre-made but I'd never go to the restaurant after that food and attitude. Off topic It was not until we were almost home I had forgotten my food since it was never once brought back out like we wasted our money for not eating my food right then and there. If im not mistaken i am pretty sure that the owner and chef were the same person.  In that case I will not be recommending this place to anyone in the future if the owner is that much of a douchebag to with hold my food because I was feeling so sick and just wanted some coffee the whole time I was there.  I should not have to repeat myself to have to ask for things consistently.  It is the waiters job to assess the situation and to be understanding.  Not to be a jerk the whole time and not ask if there was anything else he could have got me besides my food. like...my Coffee!"  but I can get the same experience at hundreds of restaurants without shelling out $200 for two people (includes a bottle of wine). If you're looking for an old school dining experience give Avanti a try. If you're looking for a place to spend a special evening you might want to try somewhere else." Avanti's is some of the best Italian I have ever had. This place makes everything fresh and from scratch. The gnocchi with vodka sauce is my all time favorite. A definite must!!!  a piano man and great food. I use this place as a second date it works every time. Truly one of the great Italian digs in the valley if not the best. If you haven't been you better make a point of going." If you're looking for a fabulous Italian meal this is the place to be!" Love it! Great!!!!  Food was amazing but the service was simple AWESOME!  which was lightly fried and seasoned--an excellent start to the meal. I had the pasta special. The gnocchi were absolutely the star of the plate---light and airy Oh! And their wine selection is terrific. Even their house wines are great. Take your waiter's recommendation on wine with your dish. You will not be disappointed!" The pasta fagioli was a very good starter for the Veal Piccata.  Both dishes came out hot and full of flavor. The restaurant is tucked away off the road. It's an excellent place for a lunch business meeting. vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA I'd like to give it 4 stars because the the food as always was great(minus an overcooked filet) however they replaced it with a perfectly cooked filet very quickly and that was awesome. The problem with my experience was our server Andrew. We were celebrating my dads 81st bday and were  hoping our server would be a little more personable and knowledgable about the menu and better describing it than his vague half answers. His sarcastic demeanor and lack of enthusiasm to have customers was surprising and unexpected since the place was pretty vacant for a Friday night. I'd say perk up the staff a little and sir a seora don't really qualify in my book especially when he never even took the time to introduce himself. None the less a great meal and we will still go back when we get a need for some seriously hearty food :)  we had no room. We were wrong when Sergio placed a trio plate of their desserts! It was chocolate ice cream "This restaurant is gem!  The service is excellent and the food is delicious!  We came from LA for the fair and we arrived on a Friday night I was feeling for some authentic Italian pasta. We had the seafood pasta. 31 bucks a plate. Service was good. More like an American Italian food. 6/10. The best part is the tacky 80s decor! Food was ok. For that price it was a once in a lifetime experience. If you are looking for an american style Italian you may like this. It's not authentic Italian. The pasta was not served al dente. "The decoration and ambiance is different from what you'd expect at an Italian restaurant but the food was very good. The meat lasagna is to die! Great service and I loved that the owner comes out to sit people and show them their tables "Everything here is great!  I've tried almost everything on the menu Had the veggie lasagne and it was delicious.  The pasta was thin and soft and the sauce was amazing.  Portions were huge but light The food was great! My date got spaghetti which wasn't anything special. It didn't have enough sauce on it and it just was whatever. But my food was fantastic!! I got the pene al fadoro. Or something like that and It was so good! This place is a little over priced for what you get. I wouldn't ever go here again even as much as I liked my food because of the atmosphere and price."  flan and cannoli was just right and I felt like I was back home in South Philly.  Service was impeccable and we were treated like family (a healthy family). The owner/chef comes around and greets everyone too.  The diners were a mixed group of ages and dress-casual to dressy...very diverse which speaks to its reputation. My  husband had pre-ordered a flower arrangement which was on our table when we arrived. This was a memorable and romantic dining experience...we will certainly go back!" We went back for dinner and was very disappointed. I got the lasagna that we had from our rehearsal dinner. It was so burnt on one of the edges it was basically inedible. They replaced it with a new one and gave us a bottle of wine for free since all 4 of us had issues with our orders. I give them 5 for customer service  The food was exceptional. I don't think I've ever had cannelloni as good as I had here. My husband's escargot and veal parm were excellent. The escargot was NOT ""chewy"" like pencil erasers as some restaurants serve. The creme brle was so-so but interesting because there were raspberries on the bottom and a couple of strawberries on the top. I thought the cream was a little too runny Love the vintage decor.... Felt like I needed tony soprano to dine with me!" vvA3fbps4F9nGlAEYKk_sA "I chose Avanti to celebrate my birthday at back in December.  Not sure why I waited so long to dine there (was introduced to the restaurant by way of ""Check Please"" approximately 2 years ago) but I will certainly return.  Loved the atmosphere I highly recommend this Phoenix gem." Yikes. Stuck in the 70s. Horrible food. Super disappointed. I liked the 70s decor.  But disappointed in the food which tasted like it had been on the counter since then too. I'd never go back. Sad.  so decided to meet a coworker there for lunch yesterday.  Wow...is this place old school or what?  When I walked in Wonderful old school Italian cuisine. Entrees were terrific and so were the deserts. John was our waiter and I will be sure to ask for him on our next visit to Avanti! Great place. Found this place due to a friend that lives here many years ago. When we pulled up there was only a few cars in the lot so we almost didn't go inside but so glad we did. This place is traditional. Home made everything. We tried the escargot which was fantastic along with the veal. This is not garbage food like Olive Garden this is your Italian grandmothers cooking. Reasonably priced as well. "I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience at Avanti. The moment we walked in the owner or manager greeted us and I felt warm and welcome. We started with the delectable stuffed shrimp and chose the osso bucco and stuffed pork chop for entrees. Both were perfect. We finished with the chocolate cake that was beyond delicious. Our waiter had great suggestions and was very efficient. I really liked and appreciated the same gentleman that greeted us initially stood and said goodbye to us. Overall Fantastic Italian restaurant with great service and spectacular specials. Enjoyed great value.  but the food at Avanti was simply amazing!!! If you are in Phoenix and want amazing Italian food it is a must!!! All I can say is never judge a book by its cover!! Thank you Avanti for an amazing meal!! Can't wait to come back!!" I love this place. Every time I've ever eaten here I'm treated like their best customer. The food is consistently excellent. The escargot is divine. The veal picatta is wonderful. I also recommend the tiramisu with a shot of grappa. The owner always checks in during the meal to make sure you are completely satisfied. I really wish this place got more credit and attention that it deserves because it really is a long standing and reliable excellent dining location. The decor is traditional and classic. This isn't your trendy yuppy sushi place with EDM blasting. They have classic Italian favorites quietly adding to the relaxing ambiance. All of the tables are meticulously outfitted with the proper table wear. Most of the staff have worked there for years. They care about the restaurant and their customers. Avanti's is a special Phoenix dining experience. This was a wonderful meal for a Sunday night...to get us ready for the week ahead.  We'll definitely be back!!"  I asked the waiter if their pasta was homemade and he told me yes. I don't believe it. The pasta was not bad PuHucejs4LG3hSXnrwi9-g  served with a leek fondue that made me want to lick the plate [my mother raised me better]. The cassolet was redolent and rich. In a word: delightful. I dropped a star because during my last lunch there I had a turkey dish and it was clear it was old and leftover. Not a happy camper. I'm hoping it was a fluke because the rest of my experiences have been very positive. I've had great servers  we would definitely go back there. Would we crave it? Probably not but if you are looking for a solidly very good dining experience I would send you here. It was very comfortable and cozy."  biltmore area french bistro  or some other random reason to splurge on a place like this more often."  I was asked if I wanted end pieces or the center cut (something which I'd never been given the options for). The dessert was also excellent  my  experience with dinner is not so favorable.  My wife and I recently joined friends for Sophie's prix fix dinner with wine parings.  The meal started with fried sweetbreads.  Frankly  the service wasn't horrible... it's just that my overall experience wasn't what I'd have expected from a restaurant that touts such an amazing reputation for fine French cuisine.  It's not often I leave a place so hungry for the experience I didn't get to have.  . Again I agree with some of the other raters-- this place would get 10 stars if yelp would let me put 10. Try the duck and the beef bourguignon!" "Yeah croque madame on WHEAT BREAD Oh well $340 bucks and all I can muster is a no." Sophie's is also a great business lunch restaurant conveniently located between downtown Phoenix and the Biltmore-Camelback corridor." We topped off the night with a decadent creme brulee and imported cocoa dusted truffles  the beans and sauce delicious. It was a very affordable $24.00 which included a small salad.  I would ask one thing--get a few less expensive bottles of red on the wine menu." Can't wait to go here for dinner sometime. Wine list please." "Thank you to Sophie's for providing a wonderful meal for our family. It was our first experience there and we were not disappointed. We thought that we would have trouble finding a children's meal for our ten year old but they accomodated us by cooking her thin strips of steak. We added that with french fries and she was set. We had the abundant cheese plate  I thought the place was lovely and will definitely go back I will most certainly return to Sophie's in the hopes of giving them the 5 stars I'm sure they deserve!"  he had moved to France to study it there. The dishes he created were perfectly delicous. I remember his filet with crushed peppercorns; it was soft and buttery. The peppercorns gave a kick without being overpowering. The quail was delicate and succulent. The salad with lavender honey vinaigrette was perfection. His chocolate spice cake was phenomenal. It contained seven spices. I can't begin to describe the joy that cake brought to everyone. It was unique. It was at the time when chocolate souffles were at every French restaurant. Unfortunately  and I don't know him personally.  :)" "Visited Sophie's for their happy hour menu. It was ok. The location appears to be former residence converted to a restaurant. Small parking lot. Interior decor is retro and very plain. The front patio is surrounded by a hedge under a large pine tree which is a nice place to be seated if the weather is good. If you do sit at the front patio you will hear the traffic along Indian School Road especially during the midweek rush hour. There is definitely better French cuisine in town  it's a small lot and service is a bit languid (i.e. slow)" EVERYTHING IS GOOD. It's not cheap and the atmosphere isn't real trendy but my experience was awesome. We came in on the restaurant.com certificate and had the best dinner so far in Phoenix.  that was what my husband had.  I would definitely go back for the beef bourguignon though.  It's nice that they take reservations!  A special little intimate place for something special like an anniversary or birthday dinner." I would say that the average age of the other customers was about 60-70 years old.  I don't know whether that's normal or not  either. Three courses (plus salad) in three hours. We waited a LOOOONG time for entrees. It was brightly lit inside  the atmosphere intimate. I would definitely go there again."  I found this to be the most authentic food in Phoenix. They were very accommodating to special requests. The ambiance was beautiful and the restaurant was set in a little ""pocket of paradise."" Meaning one might not know that it was so close to 24th St. and not see it on a drive by!" This is a place I would gladly come back over and over." We will definitely return!"  I found the restaurant very friendly and casual - not pretentious or uncomfortable for us French food newbies - even on such a special night. We even wore jeans (I called in advance to make sure it was OK and they said ""of course."") The regular lunch and dinner menu is a little more conventional and less expensive. I definitely plan to come back. Their cuisine is not for everyone  which he enjoyed.  I'm not a fan of the ducky flavor myself.  We also followed the suggestion of ordering the warmed brie app.  De-lish!  The service was great as well.  Little touches like asking if we would like our milk warmed for our post-meal coffee.  So great!  We will for sure be going back for future date nights!" I don't want others to waste time and money  we did have an excellent meal at CIBO Pizza the night before we were poisoned. I highly recommend CIBO. Great food The food poisoning review is shocking. If you don't hear from me our crepes ""stayed down"" just fine:)"  though will not be in any hurry to return."  pulled pork and apples and onions in a crepe -- you can't get any better than that!  My son's pork dish was fantastic -- the sauce was rich yet light.  Dessert was some sort of molten salted caramel souffle with a side of ice cream with a balsamic glaze -- to die for!!! I wish this restaurant was closer to me -- we will definitely be back!" That's all it took for me to turn around and walk out the door. If all French bistros are like this one Have fun other weary travelers!" Highlights include a pair of Parisian identical blonde twins and a Brazilian angel who looked like she belonged on the cover of Vogue." Bourbon Street blows the doors off pretty much every club in town and even ones in Vegas. If you have the urge for flesh or out of town guests and just want a mellow time with some beautiful girls putting boobs in your face  i was there on a thurs nite so the girls outnumbered the customers and they were all hot. there was also amazing diversity as the girls come in all shapes sizes and ethnicities. the best thing is this is the friendliest place i've been to so far If I'm gonna go to a titty bar I at least want that stripper perfume sent on me next time!  I going to check out Band-Aids next time" "60% of the dancers are great looking but th eproblem is they discriminate and the dancers seem to choose the guys they want to dance to. I saw neary 7 girls but the really hot ones never came to me. They would look at me and then pass on to the next table. They even spent time sitting idle or sitting in some one else's table rather than asking me.So i request the management to speak to these girls and ask them not to discriminate. Since everyone pays the cover charge Great safe and cool place. Every kind of dancer you can imagine... During our stay for Spring Training 2010 this was the best place place in Phoenix area!! Hands down. This was after frequenting 6 strip clubs that week. I will go there again . Why not 5 stars? Because I wouldn't call most of the girls friendly or fun to talk to. They are mostly 'vets' that mostly just ask for a dance (money) and move on."  and they have three states with the girls rotate through. You're seeing someone new about every 3-5 minutes. On the weekends you have to stay for at least an hour to see the same person come back on."  falling over chairs trying to walk thru.  I'll be back." More 10's than any other club I remember visiting.  I'll be taking my gf there sometime soon :)  Yay! Went with another couple and you would of thought we had a disease or something.  Just wasn't couple friendly at all.  Drinks were not worth what you paid for them $20 for a beer and mixed drink in a SMALL glass.  I guess you get what you pay for. We paid $10 a person for the privilege of being snubbed.  Dancers if you want to earn money act like you want to be there and see everyone not just those you think you will make more money. I've been to better strip clubs and will make sure to take my business there. Nice place with decent girls but they not very hands on.  Throwing money out on stage was just a waste.  Was not even offered lap dances.  My wife and friend were treated the same.  Also $10 cover for a topless bar is kinda high.  i did) (also note: no cover in the afternoon) but apparently every strip club from scottsdale to phoenix has covers because I went to 2 other strip clubs before this one... so it was a pricey night for me anyway. Ladies bathroom is through the changing rooms for the strippers so......... so yea The best thing for a FEMALE client is the ladies' room is IN THE STRIPPERS' LOCKER ROOM. So you get to see a lot of T&A on the way. For a people watcher like me  the chairs are cushy and oversized. The stage has cool lighting and there are many corners to get lost in. I thought the food was good  others are lackluster but they are all enthusiastic. I did appreciate that a majority of the girls I saw dance did not have fake cleavage. We stayed until last call [Exhibit A: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkwD5rQ-_d4]" Sorry Bourbon Street... But I will probably never the visit you again in my life We went on a Tue night after a wind storm. Club was full of attractive enhanced women of high spirits and great attitudes. "My fiance and our friends always have a great time here. Girls are nice At some point my wallet fell i out of my pocket and the management returned it to me cashless. I kind of expected it aToxIssFRGDGsTV4yJ9qbg  gorgeous girls and even happier to have some good conversation.  Definitely the classiest strip club in phoenix I have found." BONUS FOR GIRLS: The ladies' rest room is INSIDE the dancer's locker room.  So I can't lie..I always have fun here..I go early and during the day...I'm strip club master..gotta know how to work the club and stretch you're money...go to the back only 20 bucks...trust me I ENJOYED myself hehe  i am fromTexas where a lapdance IS a lapdance! phx aToxIssFRGDGsTV4yJ9qbg  the average couples tend to bring and spend more money than the average single males.But we digress..Bourbon Street Circus is a top less bar not far from downtown Phoenix located on Thomas St. just east of the 51. So it is very easy to get to. We went on a Saturday and it was a $10 cover per person. This cover includes free popcorn which we did not partake in because we foolishly did not want our hands to be buttery and greasy in case a dancer actually did approach us.There are three stages and the dancers dance to one brief (maybe 3 min) song per stage and they rotate from the main stage in the middle  stay for the attendant-free washrooms. And the chicks are nice..."  lots of fake boobs and many girls can't actually work the pole very well but my husband and i went and many of the woman were very open to lap dances for me and him!!! I was the only female that didnt work there but i will definitely be back! Drinks alittle pricey!"  but I found the pizza heaven we all dream of. The atmosphere is  neo modern but the staff is friendly and well organized. The pizza I ordered must have been made with fresh ingredients and came to my table hot. The wait time was minimal. The crust was spongy and flaky at the same time yet didn't over power the sauce. The sauce was robustly tomatoes and spices but blended perfectly with cheese and pepperoni. The only  negative was a few of the staff had wardrobe issues. I tried not to look but it was very evident that the clothes management provided had fit issues. I felt so bad for my waitress "Way to dark. I tripped over every chair! The girls all are fake boobs and no natural girls there!! Not a single one. I felt like I was at a circus!!! And the woman's room is in the girls dressing room Pool tables and some sort of hunting game..." I think one of the memorable things about this place is that they have a toy crane machine that you can win porn from...definitely a place with some character!"  and a toy crane that can win you some porn. That's what I call a great bar." My kind of place indeed.  I will be back and hopefully Frank the Tank will remember me!" I have come to Kat's several times and will continue to visit my former favorite watering hole (Ligouri's). Last weekend I attended Karaoke night and was quite pleased. I will recommend Kat's now and forever and hope  this place never changes! "Kat's is easily the greatest dive bar in all of phoenix. Have marilyn make you a few cunts   until tonight.  we will be reversing the charges on our card and never returning." HNXcjXTz_Ogsdpm0Kikhrg A dive bar for 50+. Not a hang out for new comers. Very small and everyone knew each other.  and they recently added a patio from which you can get your smoke on and watch the dumpster divers in action. High class ass if you ask me..." "So...this is the spot in the valley if you are a serious Foosball player....pool is gay. It's got a ton of  pool tables but what I liked is that it has 4 Foosball tables and these are 4 tornado tournament Foosball tables which are the best tables 2 play on  the Native American behind the bar bartending and the waitress seemed like she hated all white people and was mad at me because some one in my linage fought with General Custard or something. Anyways to say the least this experience was quite poor from what I expected "Played pool here on a Monday night and it was DEAD.  Still had fun though.  They have a back patio to smoke on.  They have lots of pool & foosball tables.  Jukebox was a plus.  The bartender was nice and they had Shock Top on tap  but they do go through servers rather quickly.  As soon as a server knows your drink order they are gone :(  All in all I really like my Tuesday nights at Clicks." Definitely somewhere I would go back to a lot :)" 6/25/11 Drove by clicks the other day and it is now closed..." GOOD LUCK to the great staff who worked so hard!  RIP Click's Billiards!" This is a little hockey dive-bar located in the Arcadia area.  TV screens hang above the bar & as you look behind the bar you can see the hockey rink and players.  Enternaining as the other review said.  I had Dunkel Hefeweisen and my girlfriend had a Corona.  Good times as a group of kids played Rock Band and sang off-key Nirvana covers.  I like this little hidden place.  Just be prepared - it's your average little bar for the average Joe guy.  with a side for $6.50. Tasty stuff! Great beer selection including Molson Canadian or Labatt Blue."  except for the bad beer selection.  Good selection of sports on the TV above the huge windows facing the rink.  Bar tender remembered my name (I'm going to pretend it wasn't my awful drink choice of the night that was memorable) off my card after I closed out and went ice skating for almost 2 hours.  Minus one star for the annoying middle-age couples who got a little too into their darts game.  Here's a few tips for people like me who are easily lost: there is a bathroom in here  passing Arcadia Ice Rink & then make a left. You'll see banners at the top of the end of the first building. That's the spot. Enter on the side." "I used to work for the owner when he was GM of another bar so I'm a little biased but I had a great time here and have been meaning to go back ever since. The draft beer selection isn't great but the prices more than make up for it.  Plus It's super cool (both meanings) and I've yet to see a band here so I'll reserve my definitive judgment until then ... but its certainly an original in the Valley."  it is all the way in the back of the shopping center just west of the movie theater. Have fun and let me know what you think! :-)" Not a bad dive bar.  Being able to see the ice surface is unique for this part of the world (not back home) but not being able to get to the area directly is a travesty. The comedy show is every Wednesday night.  It's free.  If you're lucky  cheap drinks and nice tender!!"  what is better than a bar that has a decent beer selection  and one of the best beer selections I have seen. You can watch every NHL and NFL game here all while watching a live hockey game on the ice directly behind the bar. Where else can you see that? Live local music on Fridays and Saturdays. Support the local bands! Dogfish Head and Molson Canadian  not in a frat boy way).  The bartender was awesome... so awesome that when I left my ID there (dive bar pub crawl = less careful with nuances like ID's and wallets) I got a free drink when I came to fetch it because I have the DONOR sticker on my license.  How great." great beer selection... friendly atmosphere.... byo-food.... hockey on the tvs AND live behind the glass.... what more could you ask for? i'm in love." Fun dive bar with epic comedy show on Wednesday nights. You get 2 shows in 1 hockey and comedians. yb17xHvhDJthJGS10uhFeQ Who wants to be on my team? :-)" "This place takes hole in the wall to a whole new level. Tucked in BEHIND the petsmart. I am not a hockey nut by any stretch- but this is the IDEAL bar for anyone that is. The bar faces the glass behind the goalie- there are several flatscreens placed throughout the bar-All sporting a hockey game. LOT of beer options Not really the place to go if you are a little jumpy or get startled easily because of the pucks hitting the plexi-glass. Every time you just about forget about them playing hockey  and i won't pretend to not remember whether or not i already mentioned the spectacular beer selection This place is a low-key hideaway with friendly staff. I would not really call it a dive; it's more neighborhood bar. Watching live music here is a really up close and personal experience. They support local live music. I'm not big into ice skating but this is super fun. AND it feels like a secret bar... which I guess my review isn't going to help."  dive-y with a cozy feel. Wish it was closer to my house because I would be here all the time if so!" This charmer of a dive is one of the Arcadia area's best kept secrets." "Cool Place.  Have lived nearby for almost a year and assumed it was out of business because you cannot see it from Thomas road where the plaza sign for the bar is seen.  Just recently noticed the ice arena next to the walmart and while checking that out saw the sign reading ""Bar"".  We went in a few nights later and were pleasantly surprised to find such a unique neighborhood bar so close to home.  Friendly staff and friendly crowd led us to have quite a nice time.  You have to go check it out!!"  and a nice patio with token alley cat. fav-o-rite."  I'll gladly pay them another visit." OK I will! Supports local breweries I saw at least 5 different Arizona breweries on the menu! Drink local! Comedy club is passable at best If there is a band = pass. No band = great place." Don't let exterior appearances fool you and give this place a try!" Definitely coming back here!" Fantastic interesting place. Views of the skate rink with a fantastic beer selection and great live music.  the opportunity to explore events that happen here.  I know I have found a home to watch hockey games." I am so happy I found this place and will be back for cheap drinks and fun. In the mean time however For the most part... I like it. I can see me losing lots of quarters playing Batman pinball in the near future." "FINALLY! An awesome down-low beer drinkin' watering hole that is cool as the ice rink itself. I needed a place to watch Bruins/Canadiens game 7 and this place is right near work convenient location. Not a bunch of rednecks or gang members We are not from the Phoenix area and were looking on yelp for someplace to watch the Stanley cup playoffs. This place is a little hard to find but well  worth the search. As we walked in we were greeted by the friendly bartender.  The place is not much to look at but it is a whole lot of fun! The beer selection is amazing. The bar is on the back side of the skating rink giving you a clear view into the rink. We sat and watched the playoff and during intermission we laughed at the people trying to ice skate. The food options are limited but the pecan smoked BBQ chicken sandwich was very good. We will definitely be back' Where everyone knows your name.   Local bar was a great view of the ice rink.  And pages of beers to pick from. Awesome hole-in-the-wall. Fun bartenders. Great beer selection for a total dive. Entrance looks shady but it's the right one! Love this place so much. Always the friendliest people and an awesome bartender. My best drunken nights have occurred at this lovely little place. Ha  tucked-away gem!! Drinking and ice skating was a blast!! Absolutely love it here...friendly service at the bar  I do recommend Ice House Tavern." "Under new ownership!!!! The new people are great! They are going to really improve the place. Add food service and decrease the noise from bands. Also The service and unique location make this a great hockey dive bar. You can watch live hockey at the rink right in front of you and have the numerous tv's playing other hockey or any sport really. Funny locals that have been going there for years make it a place to call ur hockey dive bar home. Sean is awesome! Made ice skating way better...holy crap ice skating is hard! But he made it fun welcoming and friendly! Thank god for Sean!  Sean. Thanks for making it fun and the great service in the hood. Be sure to try the 'Tammy Sue' shot"  great prices. Sean/ Shawn was a blast and we are sad we don't have anymore games there today. Love this bar because Sean was a great host!"  I don't want to tell you that this Irish Pub is quickly one of my favorites in the Valley. But "A great place to just hang out and enjoy the company of friends.  I've been here many times to listen to their open blues night and have always enjoyed myself.  They've got pools  but i've never seen it actually get made. or eaten." Cowboy was the coolest part. That man has found the secret to life." If it weren't for a terrible headache I would have probably closed this place down.  It was a fun visit that's fo' sho'!"  and Cowboy was on the top of his game (a sagacious old fool whose coolness rivaled the marlboro man) spinning his cowboy hat in the parking lot like a whirling dervish. cowboy had a wisdom and charm that is unmatched. As the night dragged on and the songs became more desperate  and we had a great time.  I live fairly close to this place and will likely be back." Biggest crown on the rocks I have ever had.....ever.  The lady bartender who's name I cant remember was awesome.  It was a tuesday night and was kinda dead but I still had a great time. Maybe I'm too harsh on the whole 'tradition' thing. Let's make this Anti-Valentine's Day of Debauchery a regular occurrence."  they should show you their boobs. Maybe they do and we just didn't stay long enough to see it  I'm sending out a big ""Shame on you!"" to the management at Bombshells! We rented a party bus for my best friends bachelor party and were told Bombshells was one of the clubs on the V.I.P. list. I called the club to alert of our arrival time to make sure we could get in. The person I spoke to was quite rude over the phone  AND A SHITLOAD OF BOOBS :) FREE PORN TOO WITH TITLES LIKE WIDE GAPING BUTTHOLES HOW CAN YOU RESIST?!?! HAHA." We walked in once at about 1am... only an hour left before they closed.  They wanted to charge us the full cover. Eff that!!  So our buddy showed up who's a regular and we got in for free. haha  Good to be with the ""in"" crowd here."  thus the name.  It is now a wine bar that serves ""light fare.""  There are not too many places with this kind of atmosphere in the Valley -- very California.  One of the walls is a giant garage door that they roll up so the whole place is open.  Little couches and coffee tables are mixed in with tables and high tops for a variety of seating choices.  The bathrooms are lovely and parking is a disaster." Update: Postino's is one of many restaurants/bars in AZ that permits concealed weapons without permits and is noted on the Arizona State Rifle and Pistol Association in their CCW Cafe page: http://www.asrpa.com/ccwcafe.html For that reason I am reducing the previously 5-star rating to 1-star."  too. Went there for lunch on a Friday and loved the diversity of the crowd. I also liked it that the noise level was reasonable  but forgot about it because of the great servers - Michelle I think "Located at the SW corner of 40th St. and Campbell.  This entire corner is now owned by an enterprising young couple who ingeniously converted the old post office to a wine bar featuring fresh aperitifs and lite gourmet pizza!  They did such a fab job on the remodel they were written up in Architects Digest some 8 years ago (or more) when they opened.  It's become something of a low key meeting hub with ""great date"" written all over the place.  Any given night of the week you will find this place a' buzz!  So plan on a wait oh! and they waive corking fees on monday nights  the toilet in the ladies bathroom was clogged The only problem is that location is less than desirable for people in the SE Valley - it is a far drive from Chandler or Gilbert to the Arcadia neighborhood in Phoenix.  Here's a tip though: when you get there  and leave not feeling like you filled up on cheese and olives the whole time. Plus the wait staff is great.  You will have to wait on a Saturday/Friday night - but who is in a  rush then anyway? It reminds me of a neighborhood place in San Fran...a must-go in Phoenix."  there's an admirable wine selection but the atmosphere is unlike anything else in PHX.  I highly recommend."  but besides that? The bar is set up awkwardly to where you don't feel much intimacy with those you are there with - it's like one big common standing area where people give you a look when you ask them to kindly excuse you as you make your way through. I've only gone there though to have apps and a glass of wine I've been actually thinking lately...where can I get this delicious food in LA?"  which may be my own damn fault for being a relative homebody given my employment (concierge). I wouldn't go here for an after-shift glass of wine There are many nice places to eat in this part of town that have less attitude  and I hope this place doesn't fall victim to becoming a Radio Milano or now LGO (which has disappointed me as of late)." I've eaten here several times now and I'm never dissapointed....not in the bruschetta or the salads.  One day I'll try a sandwich I'm sure....if only the bruschetta wasn't so yummy!" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  don't miss this spot. (there is a lot of italian in AZ  I get the craving for a relaxing place no one has ever heard of. Dig?" It is definitely a trendy restaurant and expect to pay for valet parking ($3 I think) and to wait for a table." This is also a great place to just get drinks...."  and escapist ambiance. Be sure to go on Monday night for a  perfectly orchestrated collaboration with neighboring LGO owned pizzeria - You can't go wrong with the corn and goat cheese pizza..."  to meet for wine and great food."  or go on a weeknight to grab some vino.  I'm not dying to go back anytime soon by far one of my favorite restaurants.  I'm totally in love with the biretta.  The best thing is to find a friend and share a salad and  brochette flight at lunch!   I took my husband once and he didn't think it was enough food to fill him up (he went home and ate more).... but for me I'm always happy and stuffed when i leave.  so most likely you'll have to valet for $3. It didn't bother me since I was expecting it "As per usual no disappointment for lunch and great wine selections for five bucks per glass.  We arrive just before 11 to get our favorite spot and order our usual Bruschetta (4 tough choices) to share.  Having tried all ten choices at one time or the other we chose 1 "Definitely a great stop especially at lunch to snag a multitude of $5 wines by the glass. Fill up on some create your own bruschetta like Tuscan white bean with proscuttio while knocking back Crazy Aunt Edna's favorite rose'.  I prefer the lounge chairs to the high top tables the same way Chuck Taylor lo tops are way cooler than some scuffed up Uggs.  Kick back and enjoy the quick  i know. but the waitress was more than helpful with picking out something I liked and like every other person has said - the bruschetta was amazing. especially the apple and goat cheese combination that i was a little wary of at first."  you can bear the budget bacchanalian orgy right in the heart of Arcadia"  but its worth the wait.  The wine selection is great and the bruschetta is by far my most favorite thing on the food menu.  I am salivating just thinking about the bruschetta -- all different varieties for different pallettes.  mmm...  The paninis look delicious I will be back - that's for sure. And definitely for the $5 wines when I get the chance from 11-4.  But maybe I'll have lower expectations which will likely result in a better experience." I defintely recommend this place!" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  for me personally. I want wine aficionados not people who order house wine and want to look cool in the cars they work for and the apartment that is not furnished. When this place first opened i loved it but it is now a bit falsetto for my taste." I find the crowd to be pleasant and generally professionals. However I'd definitely come back next time I'm in town."  in a super trendy place to eat... Perfect for people who care more about appearances than food.  That being said you should try Postino out I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants to drink a strong selection of varietals. Other wine bars seem to fall short on interesting  be aware that their a/c system isn't up to handling it. We sweated it out last night until enough people left to help cool the place off. We're new to Phoenix SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  a great date place or a place to chill with co-workers." Can't wait to go on a Monday night sometime soon to take advantage of their special: $9 off a bottle of wine and pizza from LGO!  Postino has a regular loyal customer in me and I don't see that changing anytime soon!" They cafe itself is fantastic. Very open with a ton of natural light and is very spacious. Great place to meet up with an old friend or take a date. Great for conversation and the crowd is normally a little more upscale."  go to Postino if you're looking for an experience you're unlikely to find anywhere else in Phoenix." "Another of my favorite winebars (which is hundreds of miles away). I used to hang out with work friends for ""happy hour""; the great part is we would drink and talk for hours and never once felt rushed to empty the table. My absolute favorite dish is their caprese sandwich and potato soup...the potato soup is cream Warning: good luck parking." I should give this 4 stars as the service can be hit and miss but I gave it 5 for those great nights with friends when the music is loud but not too loud Why the 4 stars? Occasionally the service has a lag time - only occasionally." I could waste my entire paycheck here.  Better yet; I can move in and just sleep on the comfy lounge furniture."  can't wait to go back."  and extra charm points for playing some Otis Redding. The service was just fine -- attentive without being intrusive. If they can't open a Michigan location You cannot go wrong with a lunch date here and I'd venture to say that dinner is just as good. Don't miss this gem tucked away in the east/central Phoenix area." I just love the atmosphere of this place.  I don't feel that I am in a pretentious crowd and the service is so on its mark.  There is a chance that I will be there for New Years...and if so...update!!!!"  urban. cultured. The service and knowledge of the servers is above par. It's usually packed. Definitely one of my favorite places for wine in town! I wish I'd been going for a long time This is my favorite restaurant at the moment. "i like the monday nites where bottles of wine at par & u can order flat bread pizzas from across the lot - sister place. Small & intimate  amazing food but not that amazing." Plus it was where me  my boyfriend went on our first date (and my first time there)  but that is pretty much the only thing I could possibly complain about. Nice intimate atmostphere to just have good solid fun with good people. Customer service was good (server took my beer/glass - without asking me if I wanted another). The bathroom is very clean and can probably be described as very zen-like. Food wise - the bruschetta impressed me alot  Postino can provide you a welcome retreat.  It is needed." This is a great place for a light meal or a cocktail or a great place for friends to meet at for a quick drink before heading out to the clubs or lounges.  It's also a great place to impress a date (if you are less than 25 years old).  However "Love the $5 glasses of wine 11-4 daily.  Great place for a late snack type lunch or late evening small bite and more wine.  Olives are great!  Parking works during the off hours I love this place!   The bruschetta and the Italian Picnic salad are my favorites.  Great Happy Hour with $5 glasses of wine.  I would recommend this to anyone.  but the food and wine are worth it.  You can't go wrong with the bruscetta.  All of the choices are amazing.  Its a great place to go with friends." I'm a HUGE-O fan of this place!!  YUUUMMMM-AHHH for DAYS!!!  Lemme just say the last time I was there... I had wine like it was goin' outta style! And the food.  What a treat!  Four stars for that.  One less for not being open 24-hours.  or dinner with a small group of friends :-) Looooove it!"  and Warm Artichoke Spread (you pick 4 to an order).  The prosciutto and artichoke were our definite faves.  The roast beef sandwich was good  it is only $3 and very convenient. It is probably one of the only places I don't mind valet parking at in Phoenix." The staff was so nice and gracious when minor mistakes were made. It is definitely worth the trip when I was staying across the valley and would go again and again."  and I must say...I love this place.  From the cutie pie that served us and his witty personality to the awesome wine and bruschetta i had gone to the original Postinos a couple times and of coarse it was always good My friend Georgie pointed out to me recently that I only give back-handed compliments. Sometimes Servers? Easy on the eyes. Nice bonus for girls' night out."  and their hours are fairly accommodating for late evening diners.  On Monday nights there is also the added bonus of being able to order pizza from the pizzeria across the parking lot "This place is amazing!!!!!  It has delicious food. A great wine list and what else can you say.  It is a great place to sit drink and just talk and chill.  If anything eat the bruschetta.  Share it with a friend.  We need more places like this.  It isn't overcrowded like most places in the valley and lets keep it that way.  The one downside is parking  and I would recommend it to friends and strangers."  the Prosciutto with Brie Panini and Mediterranean Salad). She informed our waitress though of her condition and thankfully our waitress was very responsive. We sat and talked for about a half hour before our food came (watching the mimosas float by our table sped up the time)  where they absolutely CRAM you in to the point you might be uncomfortable if you dont like snuggling with your neighbor.  Its great for dates "Stopped here for some after-work vino with a friend and co-worker.  Loved the atmosphere and quasi-outdoor space; great wine list  diversity is well represented here in everything from tempranillo to nero d'avola." Cousin has made me promise her I'd take her back to Postino (or perhaps someplace similar?) on her next visit.  If that isn't glowing praise for Postino Who can can argue with that."  and great staff.  I like how they are knowlwedgable about wine in general and often switch the wine menu to mix things up and keep it fresh.  If you find that your favorite wine has been replaced  right down the street from a friends house so we never have to deal with parking issues.  Everyone who works there is really sweet and one of the older bartenders is great to talk with.  I used to stop by so often the bartender would take a few glasses of wine off the bill.  Whenever people come in from out of town I have to take them here.  They have the best bruschetta!  I have tried to recreate some of them at home and while they have been good  and smoked peppers/goat cheese.  They also have seasonal selections so don't forget to enquire.  There's a lot of stuff to check out  REALLY???  Well then you are in for a treat.  She wasn't kidding!  Who said a wine bar won't get crowded in late June during 109 degree temperature???  And this was at their new location on Central (just north of Camelback). The four of us shared the Bruschetta SELECTION OF 4 "The Bruschetta here rocks! Hands down..Ive never had anything like it.. ALL of the bruschettas are great .. my least fav is the Tuscan bean.. Im just not a fan.. The Fig & Mascarpone is more of a 'dessert' than a app...:-) I havent had a bad wine there yet "This place is great all the way around.  Went there for happy hour and had a variety of wines by the glass plus a couple of different antipasto plates.  Also  and the service is amazing. The staff is very knowledgeable about the wines and food ... I never ask a question they can't answer! The atmosphere is chill and classy I love everything about this former garage turned restaurant. Great patio during the spring and fall and wonderful ambiance inside. I would usually make a meal out of the bruschetta plate alone I love coming here for happy hour when I'm in town.  $5 glasses of wine between 11 am - 5 pm everyday.  Nice selection of reds/whites to choose from.  They also have delicious paninis and bruschetta.  Their desserts are also really yummy!  Everything is reasonably priced.  The outdoor patio makes the food and wine even more enjoyable. "Some of the girls and I decided to venture out of the hotel bar and try out some local flavor.  We found this ""wine bar"" not far from our hotel and thought what a great way to wind down the evening.  We arrived a little after 9pm and the wait was 20 minutes. (I now know that they have specials on Tuesday nights!)  Anyway  eat. drink. eat some more." "Went back just to see if it was as good as it was the last time.  It was.  This place is worth a stop.  We took friends and they loved it.  The bruschetta and antipasta board are great.  Wines by the glass also very good.  Go "Danielle and I decided to check this place out after it was highly recommended from one of the guys at the Montelucia pool.  It's a good thing we did since it was pretty awesome!  Cute lil place...very romantic if you were on a date.  The menu is very simple ranging from paninis and salads.  Since Danielle and I wanted the same two paninis from the menu "Wine and bruschetta: what can go wrong?  I really enjoyed my visit to Postino.  My friend and I sat outside because we felt like the inside was a little too loud.  The patio was pleasant even for an August Phoenix evening.  I ordered bruschetta while my friend got the panini/soup.  We should have shared because the bruschetta was HUGE.  Four huge slices that were each cut into four pieces.  I picked: smoked salmon "I had one of their sandwiches with a mini  picture of beer for lunch the other day.  The building  and atmosphere are great  and the food was realistically priced and absolutely DELICIOUS!"  and the atmosphere is very cool. Five stars when I try the wine."  was that they have cans of soda.  I like fountain soda better I definitely recommend this place to anyone!" I love this place!!!  I love their Happy Hours...  Great place to go with friends and have a glass of wine at the patio Great place.  I've been going here for years and it only gets better!  Is there any way I can get them to open one in Seattle?  I don't love it. The $20 deal is good value (bottle of wine & bruschetta). Full price is not. The bruschetta ingredients are cold There is one problem...if you don't like to give your car to a valet  great food and reasonable prices. No need to be a wine snob to appreciate this place. Bruschetta is a must as is valet usually."  and wine selection.  Customer service is great and a fun and inviting ambiance.  Try the bruchetta and the picnic salad." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g Their Bruschetta selection was absolutely amazing. SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  great service!! Love the brushetta and cheese plate  great drinks. It's a little trendy but it's hard not to be when the atmosphere and food is perfect!!" We also just found out about a special they have going on Monday and Tuesday's starting at 8pm..... $20 for your choice of brischetta and a bottle of their house wine. (PS: by house wine they mean any bottle that is on the menu!!!)" And hence my rating of 4 stars rather than 5. If the parking was easier  a few of the valet guys actually CHASED AFTER this greyhound and I'm pretty sure one of them got into his car to find it. The staff literally organized an impromptu search party for a dog that could run upwards of 60 MPH. That is some damn good service. And I love that they have neighborhood night deals and that you can friend them on facebook and get a special word of the day to get $5 glasses of wine no matter what time of night!" I heart the Postino with the mostest!"  one of the best places in PHX to get drinks Next time I am in Phoenix I will definitely be coming back here. Each and every time." Absolutely Heavenly! The Cheese Maybe this place was more like 2 1/2 -3 but I was so disappointed with the food and ambiance that I have to round down to 2.  This place is probably great during happy hour but when you're paying full price The service is amazing. The food is perfectly presented and full of distinct flavors. The atmosphere is upbeat and relaxed AT THE SAME TIME! I don't know how they did it Or at least what I would like to eat there." "The $20 bruschetta board and bottle of wine deal is too good to pass up even though I think the bruschetta here isn't that great. The bread is too chewy and I felt like I was fighting with it just to get a bite. Our waiter was fantastic. We got there a little before 8 and asked if it's too early to get the $20 deal and he said ""I'll make it happen"". He was genuinely nice and gave us several different wines to taste. I'd rather go to Kazimierz but I will definitely come back here on a Monday or Tuesday to take advantage of the wine and bruschetta deal." If I'm ever back in Phoenix I'll make sure to visit this location (or its other outpost where a buddy of mine saw the McCains)." TIP: avoid the crowd by arriving before 6:30 or after 8:30. Our 7:00 arrival left us waiting 40 min for a table but my 4 stars says it was well worth it!"  $20 for a bottle of wine and bruschetta is an awesome deal.  (Mon and Tues nights)  The wait was long and it was loud inside  thanks Amber W for the gift!!!" "Popped in for the $5 wine and tasty bruschetta.  As always was amazing.  The wine was a Chardonnay from Washington called Mirth and it was very good.  Being from Washington I was surprised I had never tried it before but I'm glad I know about it now.  I went with 4 kinds of bruschetta first the smoked salmon and pesto one of my fav's then keeping with the pesto theme I had the salami and pesto Little extra bonus.........Valet Parking $3.00 ( which now  excellent service and great food.  Its nice to find someplace out side of Scottsdale  and order more wine. You will be fully satisfied and will have had a great night. Do recommend it to your other friends SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  all with a whole bunch of friends and we are loud so I forgive the waiter for forgetting to bring extra dressing or my soup. I WUV this place. I really REALLLLLLY love this place. Their tomato bisque soup is divine. I can't wait to go again and then to LGO for dessert! WOOT WOOT!" Parking is iffy  Valet sometimes a must.   We usually get there early and have no wait." Parking can be hard around here...but they offer valet for $3.." Solid 3 stars. Limited menu. Would like to go back and try the specials during the week & Happy Hour... SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  it gets packed.  The Tuesday Night special starts at 8pm." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  maybe I will check out the new one on Central next time...." everything about this restaurant is great.  scottsdale vibe without all the attitude.  good wine and great food at reasonable prices.  deals and wine.  This is the number one place on my list for those who have a sophisticated pallet.  It is busy there for a reason and definitely worth the wait."  waiting for me to devour makes the 20-40 minutes infinitely more reasonable..." The bonus is its location - across from La Grande Orange Bakery which is also super cool and Radio Milano across the street.  Anyone living in this neighborhood better realize how lucky they are."  which is free but you know you gotta tip so it's not really free." Try the happy hour special one day soon and avoid waiting for a table or attempting to find parking Thanks for making our first visit so great!"  and it was definitely more than enough to feed the both of us (with some left over!).  I would highly recommend this little gem to anyone who appreciates good food and great value." Still my fav wine bar.. I just dont get it wrong when I suggest Postino to anyone.. they love it as much as I do.. Tonight I noticed the crowd seemed a bit older.. and the bruschetta wasnt sliced real mouth friendly.. but that is okay.. your still high in my book Postino:-) "City girls find Postino. Last night my cousin brought me to this place and I fell in love with it. The ambiance is warm and inviting. The staff was courteous first time here the coke'd up owner stopped by our table and hit on my girlfriend. I would have never come back if he wasn't doing such a kick ass job with this place. Its really well done. The one wall opens up onto a wooden deck letting in the warm breeze. Food is well done and they have an excellent beer and wine selection. Style and substance. Prices aren't so bad either. If you haven't been in yet and you love to lounge  but they actually succeed without being pretentious or overpriced. Seriously  a nice place to visit on a week night.  I hear the happy hour is awesome  I could easily stop by on my way home from work every night." What's nice is they let my well-behaved dog join us on the patio."  was I mistaken!  This place definately lives up to the hype.  The artichoke dip and hummus were like the best I've ever had.  The wait staff was very friendly  was surprised I'd recommended a place with such poor service.  I explained it had never been that way before.  Regardless Just another reason why Phoenix is a pretty cool city. Just as San Diego should stay classy Love this place and I' would go back again and again." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  I advise you to stop what you are doing (but finish reading my review) then head over to Postino.  I will tell you to go with no intention of being in and out because I have yet to dine with out a wait.  Get yourself a glass of wine and chill out."  but you definitely feel like a celebrity dining at Postinos!" Ambiance is great too. You can walk in dressed up or dressed down and not feel out of place. Lighting is low. Mood is chill. Service is great too."  since my friends rave about it. So I finally got my opportunity to experience Postinos yesterday... Sunday Funday. It definitely felt like summer w/  the live reggae band that actually sounded more like Jack Johnson... enjoyed the music either way... while drinking amazingly refreshing sangrias. I was eager to order from their impressive wine list (definitely next time) Yesterday she said ""I wish we could find a Postino on every vacation we take.""    I think that sums it up - I always feel like I'm relaxed on a little vacation when I'm at Postino." I'm in Arizona for another couple weeks After lunch you can even walk next door to LGO and shop for goodies! Gifts SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  but at least I'm still smiling from the memories!! Thanks Posties!!" Great location - fabulous service - and nice wine selection!"  you have to try the olive sampler platter. It's brilliant. Even their soups are delicious. If I ever move  everyone is so friendly and makes sure you are taken care of. They have a great wine list which they change frequently and the best part about postino is.. the bruschetta!! Have to get the apple "My favorite place on a Monday or Tuesday night!  $20 for a huge plate of bruschettas and a bottle of wine....need I say more?  The atmosphere is just right.  Low key and classy feel.  I almost want to say Starbucks for wine  figs and the like.  The valet parking and the Range Rovers out front made me nervous for the clientele that comes here (as my boyfriend and I pull up in my Kia) but I have never had such excellent service.  In fact when we walked in we were slightly overwhelmed and didn't quite know who to talk to about a table when the hostess walks up to us and asks if we needed help and my boyfriend blurted out ""we don't know what we're doing!"" and without even smirking she said she'd take our name for our table of 4 and then come find us when one was available I can't go to Postino without having some of their infamous bruschetta... we ordered the artichoke It's hard to provide a review of a specific time there since I go often but that should speak volumes since nobody would go back to a place over and over again if it weren't great!"  all wine $5/ glass in the afternoon. My friends and I always make it a point to dine here (sometimes twice) when we are in the area. Embiance is great  go here.  An old friend of mine owns this place.  Food is awesome and the staff rules!  (Tom T. ;))  The wine selection will melt your soul and the atmosphere is killer.  Have fun." "Postino is one of my favorite places around. It is such a cute little place in an old post office that opens up so there is an inside area and also a patio area but the inside area is breezy and still sort of outdoors. Their bruschetta is soooo good! My favorites are the apple & brie and also the roasted peppers with goat cheese. Their sandwiches  the bottom line is get the bruschetta and enjoy your favorite wine with friends in this nice environment for socializing and enjoying your favorite vino."  and the chicken salad is the best I've ever had!  Would eat there everyday if I lived closer." "One of my fav places that I would recommend to anyone! The atmosphere is intimate and trendy. They have a good wine selection and delicious food. I would recommend the bruschetta which comes in 12 different flavors. The Brie & Apple and the Prosciutto & Figs are the best in my book. The staff is also friendly and helpful. They provided me with some great suggestions on wine after asking a few questions. Overall  a pretzel stick and salted caramel. They must make the caramel fresh as the unmistakable smell filled the restaurant a couple minutes after ordering it. Oh and that table by the door turned out to be a great spot for people watching and the valet was friendly and quick. I can admit when I am wrong OH and I learned (the $3 way) that you always say to the Valet that you are going to Le Grand Orange  I'd go back even though parking is a pain." Yum! and more Yum!  We went for dinner and got really lucky that we didn't have to wait. The bruschetta is wonderful and they have a great wine selection.  Just thinking about how good everything was makes my mouth water and I want to go back.  and it's consistently good. I can't wait to come back to try the other bruschetta flavors!"  but I'll definitely be back soon for another panini for lunch." I will never come back there during their weekend dinner rush and probably will not be back during the summer. Otherwise Made me want to buy a house in walking distance and move in." The food is amazing.  The service could not be better.  The ambiance is nice and casual. The price is more than reasonable.  I have no criticisms for this restaurant and encourage everyone to go!"  but I wonder who can partake on weekdays..."  boards and wine...other than the atmosphere.  straight out of old portland for those who love a real hangout place.  hot day or cold  the ambiance can be so indulgent. Postino's did not disappoint. With a cool cast and crew of waiters and cooks; the atmosphere was like a kool dry place. I do wish there was more seating; but what can you do about that? Bring a smile & your love here and the night will feel forever young!" Postinos is ALWAYS good. But Reggae Sundays are a real treat."  Im a huge fan of  the Cucumber Honey Lemonade. Just remember one thing...be open minded about trying new things. Its all fresh! Nothing processed or frozen. Good luck and enjoy :-)"  this is the benchmark. I love the food and service is always top notch. You have to pay to park I am definitely coming back for their bruschettas once I fly out there."  and all for under $100 total! I've had $500 dinners that weren't as satisfying. The manager overheard us mentioning that my brother and his wife met here on their first date and we were treated to Prosecco on the house. Great experience  friends or dates. Fabulous ambiance inside (always have fabulous music) or on the patio (Central location is my fave). Love the simple modern decor peppered with mid-century touches.  I've used them for catering and it's been a delight and clients LOVE Postino! Nothing on the menu is the wrong choice  holidays...and the list goes on..."  and the good food and relaxed atmosphere has made me a believer.  If you're a nightlife fan then come here at dinnertime or after a movie.  If you're a foodie (like me) I recommend coming here for lunch (or Sunday Brunch) when its more relaxed and not as crowded.  If you're a wine buff Great for any occasion. The salty sundae is unusual and fantastic.  The bruschetta addictive. I will admit I have only been on Monday and Tuesday nights and some may be mad that I'm sharing this secret spot but its always been a good experience. Monday and Tuesday nights they have a bottle of wine and Bruschetta special for $20 bucks. I would guess about 20-30 wines to pick from that regularily range between 20-40 bucks (of course still 10 bucks in a grocery store) and four servings of bruscetta with about  8 or 9 different choices. They have live music on weekends and I've heard its packed on sunday afternoons as well. They offer valet parking and free parking on the streets and nearby parking lot. Service is great keep in mind you may be waiting on monday tuesday nights 30-45 minutes for a table if you come in before 9. I absolutely love postino arcadia. The bruschetta is always delicious and the wine deals are great! Everyone is always very nice and friendly! Okay so back to the moral f the story I paid so much to get so little and what little I got was not impressive at all. I was actually embarrassed as I brought a few friends from out of town there and they also thought the food was gross. I felt like they would never trust my judgement again." Get the tomato jam bruschetta it's the best. Followed by salami pesto and the roasted peppers. Such a great spot  as I felt it was one of those mocha Sundays after a beer Saturday.  The mocha was the best I have ever had.  I also ordered for our table the Mozzarella and Tomatoes which was really tasty and was the perfect size appetizer.  I ordered my fave SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g If you're thinking about going during happy hour or for dinner Great place to sit back and talk with friends"  any other wine bar.. Can compare.. Yummy sweets..& staff is amazingly nice.. Even though this place is always standing room only.."  but only in speed. I'd say they need a few extra hands but that would just add more bodies to an already packed house ( I have never seen this place slow) so I'm perfectly content sitting back and waiting. Give yourself some time if you plan to visit Obsessed with Postinos! I live right down the street from there and frequent it quite often. I'm a vegetarian so it's sometimes difficult for me to eat places but at Postino's they have wonderful meat-free bruschetta options. They also have excellent Sangria for those who are looking for a lighter fruity alternative to wine. I like to go there on Sunday's and drink $5 Sangria pints and listen to the reggae band. So fun!  nice for a casual dinner and the wait staff is generally terrific!" "This is going to be short and sweet.... The bruschetta is one of the best around. I luv the idea of 4 different flavors on one plate. A couple of my favorites are the proscuitto and fig and the goat cheese and tomato jam. So so so...so good. The paninis are just as scrumptious. I am partial to salty and sweet flavors mixed so I go with the proscuitto and fig jam one and it always hits the spot. But  cheese and bruschetta.  I hate their lineups."  for lunch and we had a missing sandwich. We called to tell them this and not only did one of the employee's bring us a refund The building is an old post office. How unique!"  service and atmosphere were fantastic. I'm visiting a friend and she's definitely planning to go back. We had a bruschetta sampler This is always where I go for special occasions or when I have out of town guests.  This place is definitely 5 stars." The only downside is the limited parking and valet parking." This place is amazing and one of our favorites when visiting Scottsdale. The Bruschetta is by far the best I have ever had (several varieties to select from) with a large enough portion for two. They also have a great wine list ($5 a glass between 11-4). Asked the waiter for any evening special for the week ( They had a plate of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for a great price after 8pm) SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g Since it's starting to cool off I know I'll be back a bit more." Oh and they have a ""People Love Us On Yelp Sticker""!" You've got to go there for Saturday lunch. All glasses of wine are only $5. Their bruschetta is phenomenal. I recommend getting the pub board and asking for soft pretzels instead of the bread. The pretzels are freshly made and out of this world. Oh and that beer? Loved it too." My only complaint remains their monopoly on parking and the pretty much mandatory valet.  Just let me park my own God damn car!  If you don't mind walking a bit can't wait to go back!" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g Can't wait to go back!"  fig and mascapone bruchetta. This is a must try!"  but you can sacrifice a little bit of the quality than I would recommend The Living Room in South Chandler.  Otherwise I am simply in love with Postino. Everything about this place is food for my soul. We live in Tucson now and every time we come up I have to make a trip here. SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  I've never had fig before and they made my experience there quite memorable.  I definitely recommend you come in (sigh) Between this place and LGO it may be cheaper for me to just move again further away." I highly recommend it." I will come back to this restaurant next time I am in town for spring training  before it got famous.  so dun swamp this place with your wannabe friends :)  bring nice people okay :)"  and a large plank of four different sets of specialty bruschetta. The ambiance is upwardly-lounge-casual; perfect for both a date night or meeting friends after work." lots of servers always milling around casually so you are well attended to..."  and it's pretty cheap for what you get (a lot of food). They have free valet parking if you can't find any parking on the street." I love this place! I've been to this location several times and have yet to be disappointed. They have $5 glasses of wine until 5pm everyday (sangria on sundays) . The food is delicious!! Service is great and they always have good music playing! I was torn between this place and LGO but was at LGO for breakfast.  Pretty happy I picked Postino for lunch.  Sandwich selection was unique (Prosciutto with Brie) and the general ambiance during lunch was real nice.  ambience and wait staff"  it is the perfect snack to enjoy on their comfy patio benches with a pitcher of happy hour beer. I only wish it was a little bit cheaper to enjoy the offerings at Postino  tomato and mozzerela. I make sure to add chicken. The Mediterranean is my go-to salad but I vary between all of their salads. You really just can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. And it tastes even better with wine. Doesn't everything?" We are excited to go Sunday from 12-3 for $5 Sangria and live reggae!"  the food is delicious (try the brie panini) and there are plenty of wines to choose from. Plan on spending an hour or two to relax." the salami and pesto bruschetta is THE BEST! wash it down with some sangria and your tummy will be cured of the rumblies. Some of the people that go there are wannabe foodies and snobs though  super convenient location and free valet! I look forward to making this place a frequent lunch stop." This is an awesome place to go with friends or a date! Made me feel like I wasn't in  Arizona anymore. The vibe is super hip and classy. A group of my friends and I went on a Monday evening and loaded up on their $20 bruschetta and wine deal. The bruschetta was the best I've ever had! Plan to go back for brunch!  and a great patio outside. It has a very intimate feel and would be a great place for a date. It does get very busy & crowded in the evening so keep that in mind. There is usually a wait on Mondays & Tuesdays after 8pm. Service gets a little slow during their busy times. My favorite bruschetta is Brie & Apples with Fig Spread. It is very sweet! If you're desiring a salad the Raspberry Chicken salad is great. Very flavorful! I also really like the Turkey Panini Seems as if the LGO owners have taken a cue from Houston's... which is the type of place that gives Scottsdale a bad reputation. The type of service that scares out-of-towners away from Arizona because we are too ""snooty.""" It seems to me the rest of the menu is just okay."  you will have to park down the street on campbell near the residential streets." People watching is fun at this location if you're into a varying crowd.  The decor is fun and the staff is friendly and seems very relaxed as well as catering to locals.  The acoustics are surprisingly good for the setup and there is occasional live entertainment as well.  As most have experienced here This is all time favorite place in arcadia and top ten places ive ever been to...i love to go there on mondays and tuesdays for a bottle and a board for $20...you get a bottle of wine and a boatd of bruschetta its fabulous...the whole restaurant is open it looks like an old garage...there are heaters so you will not get cold...they also have paninis salads soup and a few other things...their wine selection is great and the staff is friendly... "Still one of my favorites.  The bruschetta is delicious and the fact that you can order different kinds appeasing my non-commital inability to make a decision self.  Tuesday nights are almost impossible to get a seat at now that they have a special running where you can get a bruschetta board and a bottle of wine for like $20.00 bucks or something ridiculous.  Have small bills with you as the parking situation almost requires that you go through the valet.  The restaurant is great for a light nibble or a heavier dinner if you get a pressed sandwich or salad.  (The chicken salad in particular is one of my favorites)  You'll see a lot of couples here on first dates (which can be a lot of fun to people watch)  I've seen some really awkward dates  or you won't find a parking place...or a table."  but I confess my cheese-avoidance got lost between the brie and the apples and smothered with fig. For me the bread was just a tad too soft "Went there for an early brunch and we were driving to LA so we skipped the wine!  Their bruschetta is absolutely outstanding. The best we've eaten. Ever. We would go just for that again :-) oh  and *almost* like I don't miss New York (my home for the past 6 years). The atmosphere is lively and the service has always been friendly and attentive. The pub board and bruschetta (esp prosciutto & fig) are delicious and cut into portions perfect for sharing. Go with friends  make a cozy wine bar in the middle of a trendy part of town and serve a great selection of wine as well as a unique menu of assorted bruschetta.  The staff was friendly "Great ambiance! Perfect for a girls get together or a romantic date....The Monday and Tuesday night special is a MUST!  The $20 special includes a bottle of wine (your choice) and 2 bruschetta boards! It's amazingly delicious!!! What a great deal Luved the Bruschetta....For 12.75 you get a choice any 4 from the Bruschetta options...My fav was the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone...Amazingly tasty !!!! A recommended pick for sure...Good place for wine and a chat with frndz. This is one of my favorite places to visit in the valley. Good wine and yummy apps. I've been here several times and I've never been disappointed. This place is a must!  Postino is the place!  I've never been disappointed."  well if you haven't been you are sorely missing out.  I love the old brick style building surrounded by lush flora.  The decor is modern yet comfy.  Don't miss this place!" My girlfriends arrive tomorrow.  Postino is a definite stop.   Love it!" Excellent bruschetta and a nice wine selection. We went during lunch and parking is a bit of a nightmare but once we got inside we were seated rather quickly. The design is crisp and trendy. Cool place and we'll be back. Maybe sit outside next time.  great place to share a bottle of wine and sample some of the many bruschettas.  Food is great here but menu is short and  would appreciate some options with a bit more substance.  Prices are good and Hoegaarden on tap is superb.  No reservations here so arrive early."  to the atmosphere (the outdoor setting area is beautiful on Arizona evenings). Every person that I bring to Postino Winecafe is pleased with their experience and even go back without me. They have great specials on Sunday afternoons too! With that said When you have a tiny menu you should do what you have amazingly!! But my sandwich lacked prosciutto. I didn't find the chips to be amazing either. Overall I felt pretty let down. And I can think of at least 2 places that bruschetta is done better in the valley." "This is the perfect setting for a girls day on a Sunday afternoon.  Share a bottle of wine while listening to Walt Richardson perform.  Couldn't get any better than this. Also Food was ok bread was stale on my sandwich. But service was not good at all! God for bid you ask them to split a check. I was told she cannot do it. Only if we told her when we sit down to start. Well my friends came 30min before me and my wife.  Been in restaurants for 20 years and you do what ever it take to make your customers happy.  So bottom line is we will not be going back for stale bread and half ass service. "I'm embarrassed at the number of times I've eaten here since it opened.  i used to live half a mile from here and was one of the first people in the door.  The bruschetta is the best in town--period SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  ever. A valley staple that I recommend highly  it is genius.  I was there with my twin mom group (about 12 moms of twins) Love this place.  Love all the food and the staff is great.  We drive from Gilbert to have lunch at Postino's Arcadia.  We understand a new location here in Gilbert will be opening soon.  Can hardly wait. I do recommend this place to everyone I meet.  speechless. This place is AMAZING. I had pretty high expectations of this place and I was still blown away by the level of excellence this place carries. My amore and I decided to give this place a whirl on a Friday night This time we sat on the patio since it was a little quieter in order to chat and despite the chillier weather (I say that loosely "Always a great place to go for a light meal New favorite stop-by-when-we're-in-town place."  and food. I love meeting my friends here after work. Please open one in the East Valley!" An overall great experience.  I can't wait to return so I can try the rest of the bruschettas!"  but there was just no room.  perhaps next time we skip the dip and save room."  no tastings. But for the audience it attracts who are easily impressed by over-priced glop and wine in a trendy area The cheese board - amazing!" Ambience- reason enough to come back as often as socially acceptable. The industrial rustic interior is full of character and all in all just a wonderful place to be!" I would also highly recommend the cheese board! Nothing was left unfinished on ours!"  and had good music so all was right in the world:) The parking could be a problem but I got lucky and was able to pull right in. The bathrooms are unisex....eeeewh....but clean. As long as they remain clean I will keep my rating at 5 stars  and proscuitto with dates and pistachios.....sometimes I get it without the proscuitto.  Perfect trendy place to take out of town guests!"  and the food...wow. The bruschetta goes unmatched in the Valley and pretty much any other place I've visited. It's so good that I don't bother to order it anywhere else. Nothing compares. The chicken and mozzarella panini has quickly become my favorite sandwich in town. I sub the pesto in for the mayo  and any of their salads are a delicious choice. I love both the Arcadia and Central locations the same; Arcadia seems to be where I frequent the most just due to proximity of our home. If you haven't been Postinos is an excellent place to grab a glass of wine and a light meal. There is an excellent patio and lounge area. I like that its good for intimate setting but they can also accommodate larger groups. They have a great selection of $5 wines which they offer on happy hour till 5pm everyday. Mondays and Tuesdays have $20 bottle of wine and bruschetta. We've tried all their bruschettas and we love each one! Theyre surprisingly filling--all fresh ingredients!  red peppers. The music and the service were great. Would definitely come back."  but nothing too special. The italian picnic salad was also just ok. I couldn't taste the vinaigrette that's supposed to be on it at all... maybe they forgot to put it on... or maybe it is ridiculously light. The other ingredients were good  a little bit of wonderful with great food and plentiful draughts It's way too loud in here. I prefer the Central Ave. location.  and other appetizer like stuff.  Great swanky wine bar type place.  Everything is delicious!!!" Postinos is also a great source for entertainment. People think it's a great first or second date spot. They are wrong. The one down town is significantly quieter and a way better date spot. But I love this place so much and cannot tell more ppl enough about this place!!! So come here and enjoy!!!" I always go on Mondays and Tuesdays after 8 for their bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20. Its to die for and a good deal! My favorite bruschetta is the roasted peppers with goat cheese. My mouth is watering just thinking about it! YUM  which I truly appreciate instead of having to fend for myself in that crowded cramped lot." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  not as great for a big group.  My recco is not to do dinner there (though their grilled cheese and soup is delish and the apple & brie bruschetta rocks too) but go for the wine and leave room for dessert.  They are all delicious.  The portion sizes are just right for sharing.  Creme brulee is my favorite and the salted caramel sundae is also divine (chocolate covered corn nuts? who knew these were so tasty!).    If you aren't in a wine mood  - though why would you be at a wine bar then - the Mr. Qcumber Soda is a unique little refreshing beverage.    Enjoy!"  they will not take reservations of less than six and WILL NOT seat you until your whole party is available.  Not so good for the group I usually go with but we're all learning to be more timely!  It can be a long wait but worth it!" Valet is a must usually around this spot since the parking is quite horrible. But when you expect it I know this review sounds mean and since I have heard such great things I am willing to give this place another try.  I will order a panini and hopefully get quicker service.  If things are better I will be happy to revise my review- if not I will put Postino's in my OVERRATED category" BEST BRUSCHETTA EVER!!!!"  and very helpful with the wine selection.  I now have a new favorite wine...Zweigelt by Berger.  Yummy.  And the Bruchetta  it wouldn't be a trip to Postino's without bruschetta. My personal faves? Proscuitto and Marscipone  we got seated and ignored. It took another hour (!) for our bruschetta to arrive to our table. We left feeling hungry  and  neglected. The worst part is that I started to ask around and I have three (3) other friends with almost the exact same experience. After so many happy years at Postino's  the food is still superb. and that sundae? Never had a better one the only complaint is the wait on mondays and tuesdays. the hostess told us it was an 80 minute wait. it only ended up being 40....wtf. haha"  the service is very friendly and attentive whenever I go in  and very happy that I finally went!"  but it seems like Postinos Arcadia might just be getting comfortable with their reputation and has stopped caring about the quality of food and service they were so well known for.  I want to acknowledge that Tues. evenings come w/ a coupon for a reduced board and bottle of wine after 8 p.m.  I was there at prime dinner hour and felt like I was treated as a customer coming only for the ""Special of the Day"".  I could go just about anywhere in Arcadia and find mediocre bruschetta and service and pay a whole lot less." Probably my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Probably." You have to try this place  and wine.  Happy Hour is one of the best"  asked if I wanted water or anything to drink while I was waiting for a table. In my second visit that was 2 months later I received the same service :)  I love the live music on Sundays and the food is excellant. The bruchetta board is the best and filling. Just enough food for 2. Having Sierra Navada on the beer list is a great plus as well." This was the place my girlfriend and I went for our first date 4 years ago. Been hooked ever since. If you don't go I will not be offended it just means I don't have to wait as long. Really it is a great place for wine and light food. Postinos... seee ya on my next road trip... or you can open up a location in southern california =)"  be patient and above all be open minded.  You may discover a dish you would have never considered and love it."  can't you people get in touch with your heritage and the supernal realm by playing classical music? Not only does this music complement the aura of the wine bar But that is a small price to have a nice spot to enjoy food with friends."  but date spot in the valley... Fair prices (esp. during happy hour) and the BEST bruschetta I've ever had... Period...end of discussion." Came here twice and loving it. Great place to take friends out for drinks And chill. Or on a hip date.awesome  food and price. Favorite is the smoke salmon brushetta.  parking stinks but they do offer complimentary valet during limited hours." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  just hopefully on a not so crowded evening to really get a feel for it." Mondays and Tuesdays are busy for a reason. The $20 wine & bruschetta deal is fantastic and is perfect portion size. If you are starving or care for an appetizer Only two negatives - parking can be difficult and overcrowding can be an issue inside. So if you go on the weekends make sure to go early or be ready to stand and drink wine while you wait :)" -KC ""Wildman"" Slager" Also - valet is only $3... totally worth it."  the staff was courteous and accommodating as they worked to make sure we were taken care of to the best of the abilities.  Will return again very soon!"  and everyone told us that the food in Phoenix will never be as good as the food in New York.  We COMPLETELY disagree - the food at Postino was far better than the food at our ""go to"" neighborhood wine bar in NY.  We could not believe how delicious the food was at Postino "Wonderful food and wine.  The bruschetta boards are enough for a small meal for two people.  The atmosphere of Postino's is relaxed so that you are comfortable sitting enjoying your food and drinks without feeling rushed.  Make a reservation I love Postinos!!!  My only complaint was that it was to far a drive but have just heard you are coming out to Gilbert!!  Very very excited!! I've never had a bad experience here.  They have a great happy hour and I will drive for miles to order Postino's bruchetta.  I'm a fan for life! "Would consider it my favorite wine bar in Arizona so far. The board (4 different types of bruschetta) were pheonomal. The rose wine was a perfect choice recommends by the server. Ordered the turkey pesto panini and extremely pleased. Salad was delicious with the order... And the olive plate was good.  Parking is about 3 bucks. Bathrooms were very clean. Many different options of wine and alot of them tasted amazing. Good service aok0MhWMMw6t4WcuQKLkxA Great place for a first date." "The bruschetta is amazing. And the wine is great too. And $5 before 5 p.m. everyday. Also "This place had such a great atmosphere. The wine list had a really good selection to suite just about any taste. Their food was great too. I highly recommend trying their bruscetta The turkey panini was delicious and the service was good.  It also helped that Walt Richardson was performing. All and all a great treat.  especially goat cheese and fig) for a wonderful experience. I tasted my friend's $5 Sunday white Sangria and had to have one of my own. There were blackberries  figs & Mascarpone cheese. Mouth watering just thinking about it. Sundays during 11-3 they offer cool laid back tunes by Walt Richardson and $5 refreshing white sangria. A great way to relax at the end of the weekend." The whole ordeal was very off putting so my friend and I stayed for a bit and then went to another restaurant"  great service EXCLAMATION MARK. Overall it was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon."  always fun to try them all and order for others; the soups in winter; the prosciutto and brie sandwhich  and a tip? They have a special Monday and Tuesday nights after 8:00pm....a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine. WIN :-)" I literally can not wait to go back to this place." "Favorite wine bar by far! More for the food of course. Bruchetta....is the best you will ever find. It's more of a french bread with toppings. Not super crunchy...a tad chewy. The prosciutto Enjoy Postino's atmosphere and selection of wines and food. I especially enjoy sitting outdoors with the garage doors open. My favorite times are Sunday afternoon with the live music. I had a girls night out last Saturday.  Bruschetta was so yummy!  We tried four different kinds.  They were all very good.  I can't wait to go again!!! "ABSOLUTELY AMAZEBALLZ.  This is the place my ""girlz"" and I go when we want to get out and have great food. LOVE LOVE LOVE their brushetta and the chicken raspberry salad. OMG!" "There are a lot of wine bars popping up across the Valley in the last few years and they are pale imitations of this.  Postino's is great.  Love the atmosphere and the Bruschetta boards are amazing.  Lots of choices and each board is a large serving I finally made it to Postino after hearing great things from many people.  We came on a Tue night to meet up with another couple we hadn't seen in awhile.  Mon and Tue they have the special where you get a bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20.  This is a great deal.  The place was crowded so if you go make sure you go early and get your name in.  The nice thing is that you can start drinking your bottle while you wait.  We were waiting for around 45 min before we got a table but we were having fun nonetheless.  The bruschetta was amazing and there were many different types to choose from.  We also tried the grilled cheese which was delightful.  We will definitely be back again and I am excited to try more things on the menu."  salads as well. The service staff ( Miles & Josh) are awesome! Very friendly and helpful. A ++"  maybe try a few other bruschettas.  It will be hard to not to to LGO next door though..."  they have marketed a concept and people are loving it so they're doing something right in many people's opinions."  really guys. Stop reading this review. If a f*cking place has over 400 hundred reviews AND is able to hold a standing of over 4 stars...its a good place! Don't have to read any further! You know what $5 for wine so we each grabbed a glass real fast and sat and chatted. Happy hour ends at 5 btw so go early. The crowd was light at 5 and we chatted for a good hour or so before ordering our first bruschetta board. You get 4 pieces of each selection and you can select 4 different types. The apple fig one was amazing of course the classic tomato mozzarella was to die for. The prosciutto and date melted in your mouth! We gnawed on that for about 30 mins then ordered another to try 4 more! We sat and chatted drinking just water and they kept filling our water glasses and in the 3 hours that we were there and while their waiting list portables grew they didn't rush us out of there at all. This is definitely going to be a staple on my hang out list now that I live closer!" Great place in the sun!" The atmosphere here is laid back and beautiful. If you want to dazzle your friends from out of town or take some one on a first date The chef must have a great knowledge of foods and flavors that compliment one another because I cannot recall trying a dish that I did not like. Bruschettas are great because you get to try four different flavors in one order. Last time we went I had their chicken and mozzarella panini which was delicious. I highly recommend you try this place." "Postino's is a great date restaurant. Especially on Mondays and Tuesdays when they have their $20 bruschetta and bottle of wine special. You can choose any bottle of wine off of their fairly long list of wines and get a delicious board of bruschetta for only $20. Major win. The proscuitto and fig is my absolute favorite "My parents just arrived in town yesterday for a few days to meet my fiance's parents and celebrate our engagement with us.  They are staying at the Biltmore and wanted to try something close to the hotel.  There was only one truly amazing place that I could think of....POSTINO'S!!!  This place always delivers amazing food and service.  We had some wine(which was delicious) I LOVE this place!  My sister jokes that the only reason she comes to visit me in Arizona is for Postino's!  Italian dressing. The only downside is the parking. Very limited and usually you have to valet. If you are in the neighborhood I recommend walking or biking. All in all this place will not disappoint."  and trendy. I ordered the Bellini and it was delicious. I personally dont think they have a wide selection of drinks. The bruschetta is amazing though. I absolutely loved it. The portions are great and make you full. I loved the olives they brought out too. The music was not too loud so you would have to scream to be heard. Overall I always have a splendid time at Postino. The food is wonderful and usually comes out pretty quickly. Fun atmosphere and I love the historic building.  the comfortable patio and wonderful selection of wines to choose from make Postino Arcadia a 5 star location!" Went to Postino Arcadia. Enjoyed Postino Arcadia. I would say GO to Postino Arcadia! You cant go wrong with any combo of the bruchetta and the Nine Iron is one of my all time favorite sandwiches anywhere  but I love lounging outside on week nights when it's not quite as busy. I always meet fun people here that are also soaking up the good vibes. I officially can never move away from Arcadia." I need to find a place like this in the Bay Area!" "I flew in from a chilly gray day in San Antonio to a gorgeous day in Phoenix. Had lunch on the patio here.. just wanted something light and this was perfect. Assorted Bruschetta  and of course wine.  Service can be a little slow from time to time but not a big deal.  Love the sparkling sav blanc on a hot day.  Cool atmosphere as well." Check out Sangria Sundays."  I would prefer sitting outside its pretty much just candle light inside a little are to read the menus.  Hands down the best thing on the menu is the bruschetta.  This is a good place to start your night with some apps and wine.  Although I was expecting a larger wine list then they provided.  The building is a cool place in itself its an old post office converted to a restaurant so you still have the glass bay doors on the building." That's all that really needs to be said."  and of course the wine. Great place to catch up with friends. I can't wait for the location in Gilbert to open up."  to wrap things up: this place is pretty good I would definitely come back to this place. ^_^" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  and a great variety. Five stars for the Bruschetta. The salads were good  but whenever I am up I make a point to get to Postino. As the bumper sticker says ""Drinking Wine at Lunch is Not a Crime."" The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is due to parking."  depending on what the soup of the day is. The Italian Picnic salad is really good. You really can't go wrong with anything you order. Everything is fresh and delicious. The atmosphere is cool and you can chill out SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g "Every time my wife and I are in Carefree she makes me drive down here at least once for lunch. What can I say that other haven't "There is nothing that I don't love about this place.  My first visit was a late afternoon lunch after a hike and we sat on the patio.  Trust me when I tell you that you MUST get the bruschetta.  I can't wait to go back.  The parking doesn't bother me a bit because it's all part of the experience-don't let it deter you.  If you want a big lot and a restaurant with crappy food Just go you will love it...trust me!" Overall - I don't go out of my way to go here  great wine selection and bruschetta your whole table will be raving about all night. I never knew I was such a big fan of Fig until I tried the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpon. You will never find me here without getting one of those. Every soup that I have tried here has been fantastic. This place is a must for every person living in the valley."  good staff. It's a great place for any occasion really... My sister and I ordered the bruschetta and split a panini and the food was most definitely AMAZING in every sense of the word. The  burst of flavors was exactly what I was looking for and totally hit the spot! If I had not had to be up at the crack of dawn the next morning I would have definitely split a bottle of wine with sis but we didn't have much time and were just wanting a bite to eat. I will be back for that wine though SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  although I will say that I wish they had checked up on us more than just once. Coming by our table asking how everything is while I'm in the middle of my first bite doesn't really count." "Fig and marscapone bruschetta is to die for. I crave it all the time! Vintage 95 in Chandler has attempted to copy Postino's recipe for success I have not located a better place to drink wine and enjoy bruschetta anywhere else in the world.  The food and wine selection are fantastic and the staff keep if flowing!!!  and Prosciutto with Figs & Marscarpone. I liked the sweet/savory combo of the Prosciutto one best and my BF said the Burrata  or beer. What can I say that everyone doesn't already know - This place is the BEST!"  arugula and tomatoes  and the warm artichoke spread are to die for! Outstanding! This is definitely a place to go! One thing that was a little annoying was how loud it is in the restaurant  and pistachios.  It's the stuff dreams are made of.  I wish they would hurry up and open the one in Gilbert.  I'm never in Arcadia at the right time anymore.  Also  and Great food = A fabulous time!" "So as expected I have nothing but good things to say about Postino Arcadia. In fact it would be silly for me to comment since it will be a repeat of what everyone else has already said. So I'll just say its a great place to hang out  lately we have been skipping this amazing offer for their honey cucumber lemonade. It is perfect in sweetness Will be back again and again!"  can't wait to go back!"  happy hour - $5 wine by glass is the best deal before 5pm" "Great. Just great. All the positive reviews say it all.  Great outdoors  make time to enjoy a visit to Postino. And while you are sitting there  the customer service is superb. I actually was able to have a relaxing lunch with a wiggly 2 and 4 year old. Fantastic!"  you would positively catch me here on a Monday or Tuesday night for their amazing $20 house bottle of wine and bruschetta special.  Oh and the Creme Brulee!" "I celebrated a friends birthday today at Postino.  It is a really busy place!  We decided that we would order a little of this and a little of that.  So we started with the NYC Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  I like it Postino's is worth it!" I ended with an affogato. You can never go wrong with this choice and Postino didn't disappoint me!" This will be the new place I take friends & family when they come to visit." Good Stuff can't beat the happy hour. Definitely sign up for their email prior to going in and you should receive a free bruschetta board email. "This is one of my favorite restaurants EVER!!  My husband and I came here 2 days before our wedding as our last date as an unmarried couple!  Our go-to meal includes: Bruschetta Board  I'm giving this location 4 stars based on the whole concept and the food (and assuming it will be better next time) but in my heart it gets 3 stars."  I'm going to give you a Paul V. guarantee that you will love Postino."  and the roasted peppers.  All excellent (although my wife couldn't take the wild game taste of the goat cheese).  We also tried some sandwiches and salads......all excellent.  Didn't try their alcohol  but the bartender seemed really cool and knowledgable as we sat at the bar waiting for our table."  I just know not to order the fresh bruschetta."  and we just paid $10 a person. Our server was very nice and attentive and easy going. I will definitely return!" Some specials they offer are wine by the glass or a pitcher of beer is $5 before 5pm everyday and Mondays and Tuesdays have specials with bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20 "love love this place. great atmosphere and great food. they have the best bruschetta and has great deals on mon and tue night after 8pm. it gets pretty packed  the salty flavor of the prosciutto combined with the sweetness of the figs is heavenly. I also love the smoked salmon and pesto combination. If you're a little hungrier and want something to yourself This restaurant is worth the wait in case you stumble upon a busy night. The atmosphere is cozy and the food is delicious. I highly recommend the bruschetta. I look forward to returning to enjoy their patio over a glass of wine from their fabulous selection and a cheese board." Best date night in town.  I LOOOOVE Postino's!!!! I know there are a lot of great reviews  atmosphere and wine. The red blend is the best wine I've ever had! Great soups and sandwiches and the bruschetta is awesome. Great staff too!" I love this place. The embiance is a cross between laid back and classy. Great wine and LOVE their bruchetta!  This is a great place relax and enjoy an evening or an afternoon. MY only wish.. Sangrias all week!" "Great place to dress up a bit and feel more of an urban vibe. Hip but not pretentious. I went to Postino's Monday night around 8pm. We were given a wait time of an hour for a party of four. The place was full but we managed to find a standing table near the bar to wait out our table. We drank a bottle of ""Available"" per the recommendation of folks next to us (heavenly) and were visited regularly by waitstaff to fill our water. The music was just the right level to support conversation I come here every time I am in Pheonix! The atmosphere is great and the so is the food and wine. My all time fave is the bruschetta. I would defiantly recommend the goat cheese bruschetta.  don't walk to Postinos (depending on how hot it is!)" The food here is amazing. I recommend the bruschetta to all first time visitors. You won't be disappointed. Just another way in which it pays tribute to its roots as Synthony Music all those years ago."  but it looked like it was exclusively valet starting at about 5pm."  and I love everything about Postino! After writing this review I need go My pal got the Italian Picnic salad ($8.50) and Tomato Jam and Sheep's Milk bruschetta ($12.75). This was the first time I tried that type of bruschetta (my favorites are the White Bean with Chopped Tomato and Warm Artichoke Spread) "I think it's pretty evident from all the rave reviews that this place is really good so I'll keep it brief.  I'd heard about this place forever and the bottle of win and bruschetta deal but I hadn't actually been until Monday night with a friend from work.  I was really excited once I saw all the differenct varieties of bruschetta we could choose from.  We ended up getting the Apple/Brie TIP - Be sure to sign up for their email list for birthday & anniversary specials!" We were there before 5 and did the $5 wine special and a bunch of the bruchettas plus a salad.  All of it was delish.  I didn't want to share!  I will say the food combos were fantastic but simple enough to try at home.  I grabbed a take-out menu and brought it back to Los Angeles and have been making my own bruchettas that taste pretty close.  My whole family raves about them."  at an excellent price on a Monday or Tuesday night.  I think it starts the week off right."  or bring a designated driver. The experience is so nice that you won't want to leave Go to Postinos on Monday and Tuesdays.  $20 for a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine.  You can even cork your wine and take home what you're not able to drink.  The special starts at 8pm and gets packed but it is so worth the wait.  This is one of my favorite restaurants.  The entire staff is absolutely wonderful and friendly.  They make every visit extremely enjoyable. Great location in Arcadia. Huge windows let in great lighting. Flowers all around the restaurant. Superb wine selection and amazing Bruschetta. Not sure about returning as I've had this food concept before except with better execution."  but parking there is very limited and you are almost forced to valet."  who helped us with our wine choices.  We ordered 4 different types of bruschetta and they were divine!  Will defiantly come back even though it was a little pricey It still wasn't that bad considering the quality."  great food and wine list. Great atmosphere and vibe too!" "The mailman delivers!  What a cool place that at one time was an old post office. Great and I mean great bruschetta. A staff that really knows their wine and points you in the right direction.  A really cool and hip crowd Thanks Postino and thanks for hiring good people." One of my all time favorite restaurants. Bruschetta is amazing!  you can get any bottle of wine and a whole board of bruschetta for $20. It's a steal I love going to this joint! Monday and Tuesday night specials with a board of bruschetta and bottle of wine... who could ask for more?!" Tomato jam bruschetta.  That's all you need to know.  prosciutto with figs and mascarpone and smoked salmon. I just wanna try them all next time." I love this place!  It's on my short list of places to make sure to take visitors.  I always get the bruschetta and there are so many different options to choose from it never gets old.  One of favorites in the valley.  but then remembered she is unable to have gluten! It was so delicious that I finished the whole board by myself! I just couldn't say no to the brie  and their chicken salad is amazing! I don't think I've ever had anything here I didn't like. Friendly i am never disappointed.  Food quality is excellent every time.  Bruschetta of any variety is to die for. I love that they serve a little dish of giant green olives in kosher salt with your wine.  Kinda like chips and salsa for the Highbrow." Loved this place! Amazing food and wine! Service was great! Beautiful experience.  eat a bruchetta board and listen to music I would.  Mixed diverse crowd and great service! win win!" Pretty awesome service! Excellent food and great music!  servers are snots like the rest of the crowd and I can't ever hear what anyone is saying cause its so fucking loud and obnoxious in there. I have been to much better places in phoenix compared to this freakin joint." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  awesome happy hour... what more could you want?!?!"  and the cheese plate delights my palate. Our party of 10 had a very enjoyable evening here with extremely attentive service. I can't ever say 'no' to Postino's. Ever!"  sometimes you may have to wait a bit.  If you've got a large party (eight or more)  and salmon/pesto. Consistently great food & drinks. Service has more spunk and personality at this Postino location too. Try the cucumber lemonade if you don't like wine or just plain water. If you order wine and it isn't happy hour Downside - parking can be tough since this place is usually hopping. But they offer valet at a staggering price of $3. That's right - 3 bucks. Not too bad to have someone park your car 20 feet away. Also I have only been here one time but it was a great experience. THe bruschetta is delicious and the wine was great. I really like the bruschetta and wine for $20 deal. You get more than what you pay for. The servers are very knowledgeable and the atmoshpere is calming.  get the bruschetta.  Sample five different versions.  It's all good!" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  the people watching! The happy hour is good too!"  the prosciutto bruschetta with figs & mascarpone. One of the best prosciutto bruschetta's i've ever had."  since the majority of my reason for choosing an establishment is to make my fiance happy. anyway Excellent food and friendly service.  Excellent value and great atmosphere. Don't forget the Affogato (vanilla bean ice cream topped with espresso) to give ya a jolt for your car ride home." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  and the bruschetta. Live music on Sundays for lunch is amazing. The roasted peppers with goat cheese bruschetta Central location has my vote and my five stars."  but we got a table pretty quickly.  The staff was extremely helpful and knew their wine and offered great recommendations.  We were all traveling for business Service is always good. Food is always great. Hipster vibe is pretty legit. :)" The atmosphere and ambiance are close to perfect. I'll definitely bring friends here!" Favorite spot for tasty Bruchetta!! Bruschetta boards are great. Fun place! I lived within walking distance of Postino for 5 years - and it is still one of my favorite Arcadia neighborhood spots.  The wine list is always changing and is really well picked.  Their bruschetta boards are fantastic - I especially recommend the pistachio/date or the Prosciutto/fig.  Their salted caramel desert sunday is totally worth leaving room for!  This is a great place for a get together with friends or an intimate date night.  The service is always great and everyone who works there really knows their wine - so you can get advice from your server on which wines will meet your tastes each month when the new list comes out.  Brent's Picks are always a safe way to choose your wine also!  Love Love Love Postino! Just go.  Get the bruschetta.  Get a $5 glass of wine.  Get another.  Get another.  Get another.  Call a taxi.  Come back tomorrow.  Repeat as needed. Service could be toned down somewhat; very helpful but maybe a little TOO helpful."  try to slam 6 mini-pitchers in an hour!"  and the patrons were nice.. I truly enjoyed my visit and will be returning to this establishment. It wasn't expensive This place is always busy and during their busier hours it becomes mandatory to valet but otherwise very little to complain about. I love all the postino locations but Arcadia is certainly my favorite. Best atmosphere for sure." "I cannot even begin to say enough great things about Postinos! Great food (try the artichoke bruchetta...yummy)   friendly and helpful the entire time. The wine was nice and the portions are generous. The bruschetta is beyond belief good. It's really just a proven nice place to spend some time with people over good food and wine. It will always be one of my go-to places."  if I ever moved to Phoenix I'd love to work at this place! As an experienced industry person  their Happy Hour for a bottle of wine and a Bruschetta is a killer deal.  Monday and Tuesdays the deal is for $20. Check this place out if you are looking for a fun hipster type place. It is a good place to go before your group actually goes out."  service is pretty decent but be aware that the parking situation sucks as the lot in front of it will tow you for parking there." "Love this place!!! Great food Also just a side note... there are times where you want your bar to have TVs and times when you don't. Not having TVs here is NOT a negative... I'm sorry but if you show up here hoping to catch the game and eat some wings find the nearest hooters." "Never been disappointed by their food. Acoustics are bad  blows all competitors out of the water. The only thing I hate about this place A wonderful place for lunch or a casual romantic dinner!  The salads and bruschetta trays are our favorites and the wine list is fabulous! Love this place! a favorite for a leisurely afternoon lunch! "I go here every so often on Sundays for sangria with my girls. It's a nice escape and a prime location for shopping. Bruschetta is a must  just reiterate it.  Fab bruscetta!  Can't go wrong with any of those selections. I've been in the evening when it's super crowded Lunch was excellent but the music was too loud!  We requested three times the volume be reduced but it was not.  I will never suggest the Postino for a group that wants to visit. Butcher block is always a highlight and I won't give up on this fun place just yet. It simply needs some good floor management."  and the waitresses were super nice! I'll definitely be back to Postino Arcadia!" I love Postino's! Great food and wine. The only downside is that it is on the smaller side and cannot always accomodate large groups.  stop by.  You won't regret it. :)" I've only ever been for dinner and would definitely like to try their brunch." fdYVfHvHgZuVRRWSmmeBWA  and yummy bruschetta. It was a perfect spot for my birthday dinner last year  fun and awesome. I love all of their food but my favorite thing is the butchers block cheese board. My boyfriend and I will grab a few glasses and share that and it fills us up. We also get the salted caramel sundae - YUM. My favorite wine is the Fernlands sauvion blanc but they always have a great selection and it changes up pretty often."  open a location in San Francisco.  Thanks!"  I just HAD to go try it out. It was a Thursday night and surprisingly really busy. After walking in and not seeing anyone seating Catering: I catered a small gathering at my place with bruschettas and paninis . Perfect and on time. You pay as you order." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g The food was great but our service was terrible. We had made reservations for a large group and was greeted as if we were the worst table assignment she could have ever had.  We had wine and bruschetta which were both amazing. It was pretty busy for a week night and extremely loud for a sit down restaurant.  I'd make reservations and go with loud friends.  I usually have great service and ALWAYS have great food....but this one encounter did put a sour taste in my mouth."  amazing bruschetta.  Sunday brunch is the best - I love the live music!  They treat customers well too  so expect to cruise the side streets for a space." We will definitely be back again for the food FYI - stop by La Grande Grocery next door and try the A-Z cookie. It's BOMB." The bruschetta does change occasionally but they keep some of the popular ones on the menu. Great place to hang out with your friends and drink wine from their extensive wine bar." "OMG I was taken here as a reward for upgrading a friend's laptop and I most definitely got the good end of the deal. While crowded  the wine. I give it 5 stars because the atmosphere and service is amazing - friendly  I prefer the tables that sit halfway outside and halfway inside.  See if you can get one when you visit.  Enjoy anything with fig on it. :)"  nice atmosphere and loved the garage door open walls which gave the open air feel.  I liked how the bartenders were on top of it even though they were busy.  Our tap for the three apps and 4 glasses of wine was $50 plus a $10 tip makes it not a cheap place to just chill in the afternoon but I will be back prob. later in the evening for a happy hour or something." Food was good and service was great. I would go back:) Good food. Nice atmosphere. Food is great for a small snack.  I wouldn't go there if you want a full dinner.  Awesome deck to hang out. My two fav bruschette are the salmon and the roasted red pepper with goat cheest. SO good!!!"  great (rotating) craft beer on tap." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g Good wine and excellent bruschetta. Great waitstaff. This place has a great atmosphere.  Plenty of good food and friendly service.  Parking is at a premium so use the valet!  Try the Butchers Block! My absolute favorite place to go. Great ambiance and wine selection. Ideal for getting cozy on a date or happy hour with girls. Get the apple and Brie bruschetta and the tomato jam bruschetta. Delicious. Really good.  Great ambiance.  Good wine list and great bruschetta. I have never been here when it's NOT busy so expect a wait. But it's well worth it." OMG!!! This place is A.MAZ.ING! If you dont get the bruchetta appetizer than you will be missing out. SO tasty!  but questionable service. Went here with a party of 10 and the service was terrible--probably because we were a big enough party to add automatic gratuity Great date spot. We had the bruschetta and cheese with wine. It's a busy place but you're not easily distracted from who you're with. Staff is helpful with suggesting wines and it's $5 for a glass between 11a-5p. Not a bad deal. Almost always busy - expect a wait on the weekends and weeknights if they have any specials going on.  Parking is also very limited but there is usually a valet available."  I moved away. My roomie and I would bike here regularly. They have great 1/2 off wine bottle specials on Sundays. Postino is responsible for many Monday morning headaches :)" "Hands down one of my favorite places. The people who work there are always awesome and ""on it"". The food is great and I just love the atmosphere; whether it's during the day or at night with the candlelight. I also love the music they play. I always feel calm and happy here. I'd highly recommend."  I loved it! Friends from school have raved about it and it is all that they said it would be!! Perfect bruschetta DELISH. Atrichoke sandwich is the way to go! (light on the cheese tho!) "The bruschetta is awesome!!!! It is so good that this is now my 86 year old grandmother's favorite place to go! In fact  wine atmosphere. Only down side is the acoustics. Hard to have conversation and be heard"  but i'm a fan of their Monday and Tuesday board/bottle deal.. plus their bruscetta is probably the best i've had here in town."  I feel like they're trying too hard. Let the food speak for itself. All the trendy decor is just a magnet for hipster douches. Nothing ruins my bruschetta and merlot like some horn-rimmed square talking loudly about his latest inde rock band 'find' or his 'sweet pieces of vinyl' at the proximal table. Dude...SHUT UP!" Simply the best bruschetta in the world! arugula and prosciutto fig & marscapone is my favorite but all of them are worth trying at least once in your life. Can't wait to return to Phoenix one day and come back for more. 5kGY5JRYQgMFWzMgdLFS1Q Keep in mind that Postino Arcadia is valet parking only ;)" "I've been to postino central but it was my first time trying postino arcadia  no oil.  It was not what I expected.  I was hoping for crunchy bread with creatively delicious toppings.  The toppings are great combinations  their wine and beer selection and their happy hour prices ! Its a perfect after work before dinner kind of a place."  satisfied tummies and a slight buzz for less than $50!  We cannot wait to get a sitter again and check it out.  Right now they have a deal on Monday and Tuesday evening for a bottle of wine and the bruschetta for like $20. Whoa!"  but this has a cool inside/outside vibe and being next to LGO is awwesome!"  other restaurants should take note." The best place to go for great food and wine  which is the reason why this is a go-to for me for when friends and family come to visit and every birthday :)" Not joking....Amazing! Eat it!"  great wine selection and can't go with out the Bruschetta! Great Happy Hour Specials. Does fill up quick with limited seating so get there early! Great service as well!" Awesome wine and bruschetta at really reasonable price! Well worth the trip. My boyfriend and I went here on a date and had a great night. We were pleased we could start on our bottle of wine while waiting for our table. My only complaint is that it was extremely loud inside. We found ourselves straining to hear each other from across the table. But the atmosphere and food were great. Any or all of that with a Hop Knot and you might just forget you are on planet Earth."  you can do some shopping and find some cool specialty foods." Love this place. Great ambiance and food. Wish I could go weekly. 1 star is taken away due to the parking situation .  The food and atmosphere are good.  I've been here for brunch on the weekend when the doors are open and they have live music.  It's a good time.  It's a great place to grab a glass of wine and some bruchetta and hang out with a group of people. I really need to go back and try more of the menu. Can't wait!" SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  Postino offers a plethora of bruschetta and Panini to feed your carb need.  The servers are extremely knowledgeable and this spot has a wide selection of carefully selected wines for the true wine aficionado."  and more spacious.  Food and wine are excellent as always.  I would recommend a Tempranillo if you want a red wine that is more fruity but not as strong as Carbenet.  Be aware that gratuity is 20% for a large group and parking is limited around the restaurant (although they do have valet for $3)." "I have been here several times for brunch and I know I'm surly one of very few who have not hit the happy hour here  and when you go ask for Miles -- he's the most amazing server ;) and quite handsome too Great food and ambiance!  but a personal favorite is prosciutto and fig. Soups are delicious as well. Only downside is parking. The lot is really small so you either have to do valet or park further down the street and walk over. Great place for lunch or snacks with drinks in the evening."  burrata and mozzarella. My glass of Manifesto Zin was really good as well.  A nicely appointed restaurant that I would frequent more given the chance."  and we will be back."  friendly and they kept the water glasses full. Also You must get the Brushetta and order the roasted bell peppers and goat cheese! One of the best! It is usually pretty crowded and can be kind of noisy but if you know that going in ask to sit on the patio! This place took me a few times to warm up to.  At first it was trying too hard to be cool and the food was so-so.  But now it's pretty rad and their bruschetta/wine special on Mondays and Tuesdays can't be beat.  Prosciutto with figs & mascarpone and Fresh Mozzarella with tomato and basil.  I usually go with a few of my girlfriends and this makes a great meal with fantastic wine and some good gossip. :)  Come early as seats fill up extremely quickly and the wait can get very long.  This deal starts after 8pm." Great wine and location! Love Postino. They have a fantastic brunch on the weekend. Even if you are not a wine drinker you will find something you will love. Sincerely and satisfied tenant." "This place always has a fun vibe and a great patio. Love meeting girlfriends here for wine and bruschetta.  Good service and nice atmosphere  ALWAYS try the Postino exclusive. It will never let you down. All the locations except for Gilbert will let you take home an unfinished bottle which is really nice also. Even better Yet again Postinos shows they want my money but not my patronage.  I don't understand how I am the only one who keeps having horrible experiences here?"  and parking and mediocre foods... Postino and LGO are complete cluster F***s for anyone who plans on driving there. I also feel like the general atmosphere is trying so hard to be relaxed and casual that it is stressful for the guests." 1g8Crb6WGQUsA2l2X3yVGA Wine selection is very nice as well." I liked it. The food was pretty good and the wine and beer selections were great.  It's definitely more of a happy hour spot for me though. Not too many drawbacks I can think of other than parking being limited  we held a post graduation party with about 20 people and it was perfect. One person in our party unrolled her napking to find a coupon for a free dinner in the napkin Good prices.  Cool ambience.  Decent service." Best place to go on dates! The atmosphere is very relaxing and trendy. The food is great and if you go on the nights they have specials you get delicious bruschetta and a bottle of wine for only $20. My husband and I are regulars here!  and great beer makes this place ideal to pull up to on a weekend afternoon around 3:30 and have the perfect late lunch with an afternoon buzz.  No matter what time of day you come  great selection of wines!  Good food and nice environment."  and my absolute favorite is the goats milk cheese and tomato jam. They also usually have really delicious hearty soup and I love their salads and paninis. They have $5 glasses of wine before 5pm every day and their peach bellinis are perfect for Sunday brunch. My husband likes their mini pitchers of beer. We would eat here every day if we could. The only negative is the shortage of parking spaces  the salmon Bruschetta is my favorite of all of them.  The bottle deal can't be beat and the selections are nice. Very broad.  They change it every couple months as well  the food is pretty simple but tastey. I go there for their wine. It really is a great selection and the staff is pretty knowledgeable. I had the tuna sandwich for the first time the other day  and the servers seem incredibly overworked.  They should be paid more as without them the experience isn't worth showing up for." Good bruschetta and sandwiches. $5 wines by the glass til 5 pm. Great for people watching. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Cool wines by the glass and bottle. Unique wines to take home too.  come here for $20 bucks and you'll snag a bottle of Vino and some delish bruschetta.  The atmosphere is open and Euro feeling with the open wine market and back of restaurant bar.  Seating can be an issue so be flexible when trying to find standing or sitting room.  The food is good and the service is spot on.  Definitely my choice for chillaxin on an off night with friends or even a date." "The food and service was excellent. But  if you haven't been-go! you won't regret it." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  when we went for lunch the place was crowded. The music was loud and very laid back. The place was so crowded I think that the service would have been quicker. But "You know what I LOVE about Postino's?  THE PATIO IS DOG FRIENDLY!!!  We love to go there on a Sunday afternoon and share a bottle of wine or champagne  and you have to valet your car cause there is no parking around the area.  To be honest its a little hard to have conversations in there as the music was pretty loud.  I could see how they would have that cause it seemed geared more to a younger crowd.  That was the only drawback.  I also had one of their Panini's LOVE the ambiance. The wine is great and definitely try the pub grub.  and brunch is fantastic. Don't forget the delicious mimosas!" Postinos is one of my favorite places to go monthly for a light dinner and wine. I get the bruschetta every time and I am never disappointed. The servers are always very knowledgeable on wine and will give you a great suggestion. I have had some of their Panini's and soups and those were also delicious! The Arcadia location is also my favorite Postinos to go to; I love the atmosphere.  I am an explorer of food"" ~ Erma Bombeck"  and the food is always wonderful. Love their Sunday afternoons with live Reggie and sangria. Perfect!!" Highly recommended for people who enjoy the finer things in life."  but I much prefer the ambiance of the location in Arcadia." "Can I just say ""Bella Postino""  yummm."  BUT do not go here if loud music bothers you because they are definitely cranking it.  The fig/prosciutto bruschetta and the tomato jam with sheeps cheese were our favorite!"  then bruschetta is meant for wine tasting.  It's hard to beat the price to quality ratio for the bruschetta here.  My favorite is the prosciutto with fig and mascarpone.  It has the right balance of sweetness and saltiness.  The smoked salmon with pesto is a close second.  On the other hand  they used to serve a fantastic Sangria (not my normal drink) and had a menu promoting several wines. The door was rolled up and there was a lone guitar player playing  reggae. We had mozzarella and tomatoes and an olive mix. It was a cloudy semi-cool day to top it off. Parking can be tricky If you haven't been to Postino's you are missing out."  I really hope I can find a place as amazing as Postino where I'm living now The only thing I wish there was more of was light. It was very hard to read the menu using a small candle. It wasn't enough for me to take this down a star though."  mediocre food and phony.  The wines are OK but somewhat pretentious.  If you want really good food and good wines wN05bLB486m30Zd-X7BhuQ   and the food (bruschettas mostly) makes me smile ... Contemporary take on them is refreshing." Delicious bruschetta! Loved the setting. This is a great place for a nice ladies lunch :)  love the food and. Atmospheres there. Bruschetta is the best !!!"  love this place.  Great wine selection and very tasty food (Bruschetta!)."  I think till five o'clock?  This will definitely be a return often type place when anywhere in the area!" eMFD4FA8NVAlUAeBl4EVNw Salad....hmmmm....I'm getting hungry thinking about it.....It's on Bell Rd. in Surprise..."  and we look forward to the $20 wine & bruschetta deals on Mondays and Tuesdays every week! Get here a bit early on those days though  as well as being a major fan of burchetta.  I was originally a fan of it the crispy bread appetizer...but the first time i came here...I had the tomato jam...and it literally CHANGED MY LIFE!!  I am sure there are about a thousand people have reviewed this place Great food and really cool laid back atmosphere  sandwiches and more. Can't beat the prices for beer. Parking can be tough but it's worth the trouble. Can't wait to get back to try something new!" Nothing worth writing about except the bruschetta. Most of the wine tastes like cheap box wine and are unrecognizable labels probably stored in a warehouse! Salads are overpriced and no hot entrees...unimpressive.  nice to see what phoenix has to offer- food was fantastic & the wine was amazing!!!"  he has a very friendly demeanor and  made excellent recommendations. I've Been here about 10 times before  but I came here with friends last week and had a pretty good time. The sandwich I had was huge - really big. The waitress kept bringing more and more food in quick time I feel it's important to post this review immediately because I want the restaurant to understand why we will never return- upon leaving Food is the same at both places."  good pricing. No reservations unless you have 8 people but its impossible to get a table for 7 in the evening. Also What a nice place to share with a friend for a nice wine and bite to eat. Excellent brunch on a Saturday at a reasonable price.  Quick and diligent service for our group of 12.  Everyone left satisfied and the check for all of us plus a hefty tip was less that $200. Brushetta and wine omg enough said.. Great wine selection chill atmosphere =perfect !!! This place is amazing! Location is easy to get to and valet is Perfect! It's free and I didn't mind paying a few bucks for the convenience! The food is great! Came here for a brunch with some girlfriends on a Saturday morning! They were willing to give us a nice comfy couch area for our group of 6-7. We all got mimosas and our server offered to just grab us a bottle since it would be the same price ($5/each). Yum! I had looked up reviews before going and was all about ordering the bruschetta but my friends were feeling the brunch items. Everything looked so tasty! I ordered the prosciutto and Brie panini and chips. Oh my gosh soooo very flavorful!!! It was in the sweet side due to the fig but so many flavor profiles in each bite! I can't wait to come again. I hear they have deals on Monday and Tuesday nights for wine and bruschetta!  always have amazing food and of course a great selection of wine. However this place has become such a headache. It is almost impossible to get a seat any more on Mon or Tues night because of their $20 bottle of wine and bruchetta board. The special starts at 8pm Another option for speedier service might be to sit at the bar. The bar isn't terribly huge but offers comfortable seating. The bartenders are wonderful." So the bruschetta is pretty off the chain! "This place is one of my favorite eateries in town.  Their specialty is the bruchetta board with a choice of 4 that's enough to feed 2 people.  Consistently the food is amazing.  With a glass of my favorite muscato All in all it was a FANTASTIC experience!! My friends and I are looking forward to coming back on a Monday or Tuesday when they have their $20 special What a great place for focaccia bread. Yummy. Love the pesto sauce. I don't always like paying $12-14 for a glass of delectable red wine but sometimes it seems so worth it to blow a few twenties among friends. Its a great place to relax. Great ambience "Love this place on a Sunday afternoon. Music wVwtP4oHPkPm-DwgbE-4dw  food and service is what makes this place top notch! Always have loved this place before I moved out of Arizona I have had nothing but delightful meals here. Amazing Food and Atmosphere! Great for Couples. Sharing food is welcome and trendy here.  and throw hundred dollar bills at the table and be like ""Shut up and take my money!""" Great wine specials! Sunday's $5 glasses of wine and their Monday & Tuesday special of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20 is amazing! It does get busy so don't go if you're in a hurry but it is worth a try. What a great place to go.  Their bruschetta board is great.  Also made it for happy hour which is on wine and beer and it's fantastic.  The ambience is casual but classy.  Love the outdoor space.  Would definitely go again! It was downright amazing; like my tastebuds were being dry humped by the best sandwich ever invented in the History of the World (Part II)." SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g  and sweet nuts really is something else. The focaccia bread on the sandwiches is bomb. I had the only vegetarian sandwich option and it was pretty basic. I do wish they had a second vegetarian option that was a little more exciting than hummus/cukes/tomatoes." Went yesterday for the first time. It gets one star because the food was yummy. Got the choose two- Nine Iron sandwich with Mediterranean salad. Very good. Lost a star because parking is horrible despite the free but really not free valet parking. Lost a star because I do not like eating up. Meaning the table was so low you have a lot of distance to the mouth and more opportunity to spill. Lost a star because I don't like eating in my living room. Why are restaurants now making their dining room a living room? If you want to do the sofa and chair thing do it outside. Not fond of high tops either. Lost a star because they opened the garage door. We chose to sit inside for a reason. They opened it and all of a sudden it was 60 degrees. Just a great eating experience!"  I know there are only so many variations on a salad but these just all blend together and become forgettable.  If you're going for wine and cheese and bruschetta mnH8rQhvqBAGxA28kY_dnA  and the atmosphere is young and fun. The only reason it gets four stars is because the music inside is really loud and difficult to talk over and the lighting is super low. No Perfect place to go hang out with a date or a group of friends. Been to both Arcadia and Postinos on Central. Brushetta is amazing and wine selection will not disappoint. Staff has been friendly at both locations as well.  Arcadia parking is a nightmare and Postinos on Central is bad but not horrible. Pricey unless you go during happy hour. "Ok! I have been here 100 + times and never given Postino a review! All I have to say is Postino's should be on everyone's bucket list of places to try once in your life. Everything on the menu is really good. My favorite of course is the Bruschetta board with all of them except Salmon. Nothing wrong with Salmon  I am a little biased as this is my favorite place for Girls Night Out dinner.  The Bruschetta is the best in Arizona and I never really stray from ordering that.  The vibe of the restaurant is very trendy in a down to earth way that you can feel comfortable spending some time eating and enjoying great wine.  I would recommend this place for a date or girls dinner. 5) Happy Hour! $5 glasses of wine/beer Everyday between 11am-5pm !" Tuesday nights can't go wrong. But don't try to find a parking spot. Great place for a date! Then I ordered the 9-iron sandwich. Like I said I'm a really picky eater. I don't like a lot of stuff. It was good and I can see if u want something different and unique how it would be good. But the cheese they used was weird and kinda gross to me. It was one if those weird name funky cheeses and that is the point but just not my kind if food." Had lunch of soup and sandwich here and it was delicious!  My co-workers had bruschetta board and charcuterie/olive board.  Both looked like something I'd like to try next visit.  I'll be back. Everything was amazing. We got the bruschetta: you get to pick for different kinds and a panini to share. We got the iron and it is giant and delicious. More than enough food for the two of us. The wine is great. We went for happy hour $5 a glass so we just got a bottle for $20 - I'll be back! "I love this place.  I love the location.  I love the food and the wine specials.  I especially love the brochette.  Yep I love the atmosphere and the food. Not a fan of beer or wine as my only options. And I hate forced valet parking. If it weren't for the forced valet parking I would visit more often. Best place in Arcadia!  $5 for 5 is a great deal where you can get any glass of wine for $5 before 5pm everyday.  Their food is delicious and it's in a cool building that used to be a post office.  Their patio is also dog friendly.  This is a great place to meet friends and day drink! Great atmosphere and comfy outdoor patio seating. The bruschetta options were so delicious. The wine list provides a large selection of wine. The wait to be seated was a bit long but worth it. I will be back.  California and Nevada. I cannot express how pleased I have been with them. Even when changes have occurred unexpectedly they have reacted with professionalism and flexibility.  Their rates for golf in Arizona are hard to beat. Although I have not had the need to use them for accommodations I am sure that is as outstanding with that service as their tee time services." AWESOME Bruschetta and great wines! "Love the atmosphere. Really great for date night. Best bruschetta ever! Fig and apples bruschetta is really good and the one with dates is also good. Everything there has great distinct flavor from the next thing. Sandwiches are pretty decent size and really tasty too. Great wine selection. Only thing is that the bruschetta and the sandwiches are so crispy that sometimes the roof of my mouth gets cut I will return here on each trip to Phoenix and a must do for food whether on business or pleasure travel in the Biltmore area of PHX!" "I love this place!!!!  One of my favorites in the Phoenix metro area.  I mainly go here for the Bruschetta on Mon and Tues nights after 8pm for their $20 wine bottle and bruschetta board (feeds 2).  Favorite Bruschetta:  1 - Salmon Awesome topping combo's on the Bruschetta board and panini's are killer!  bruschetta and cheese plate are great!" Me and my wife LOVE this place! Great staff and great food. Atmosphere is fun! "Great food and drink! Great atmosphere! To die for Bruschetta and fantastic specials throughout the week. I only wish the restaurant was bigger to accommodate more people as it is not uncommon to have to wait quite a while for a table and there is really no where to sit or really even stand while you wait. However "Very yummy! I love the bruschetta (of course). The music & atmosphere are always great Romantic and great food Bottle and a board of bruschetta on Monday and Tuesday nights along with a reservation for a party of 8? I think I'll get my gang together!  But I also love the open garage doors and the little patio!  Follow up with a walk through the LGO grocery and bakery and get yourself an MJ for dessert.  Perfect evening with friends!" I love this place. It's hip trendy and fun. The crowd is always fun to watch and I especially love love the olive canoe. It's my favorite. We had some great wine and great company and everyone I take to Postinos seems to really like it. They have beer too. Great beer." We were told by several different people that many items were gluten free; such as the sandwiches awesome place and great crowd  but it was truly one of the best meals I've had in recent memory.  Shared the bruschetta with my bestie Great food and ambiance. Postino Central will always be my favorite location. LOVE...this is by far the best wine bar in AZ...I love their ambiance and of course the bruschetta...every person I take here ends up loving it and coming back for more.  it was quite frustrating since the service overall was bad for us. We had a server who left right after taking our initial drink order and no new server took us on. We had to flag someone new every time we needed or wanted something since no one came to check on us and that was including our food order.  I plan to stick to the one in central from now on. I've always had excellent service there."  and the bruschetta! great girls night/ day spot!" Everything was phenomenal about this place except the wait time. Love this place! Happy hour is great and extremely reasonable prices Ambience is good...light and airy. Good for small groups and dates but not kids as its a wine bar..."  but if you dine there for dinner they should have a few entrees to choose from like a pasta dish or something more flavorful. When you eat sandwitches at dinner it just feels wrong I really enjoy their bruchetta. Their brunch is really good and the mimosas are tasty. "Yum. Can't beat the Monday/Tuesday special. Their bruschetta is mind-blowing! Parking is rough Great place to grab some wine.  wine and chill.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in town.  Try the red pepper bruscetta and the fig & proscuitto it is amazing!" I love the food hate the parking situation.  patiently walking us through the menu and wine list. A five star evening."  too small... n its overrated! who waits 1hr for a glass of wine.  ""wine on tap""? Doens't get much better than that."  best Bruschetta in town!!!  The customer service continues to WOW me everytime I visit!  I hosted my little sisters Bridal Shower here in the sofa lounge area of the restaurant and everyone just loved it.  There were 14 newbies to Postino Arcadia and they'll all be coming back to visit again!!  Thanks for helping me create such a memorable day for my baby sister!  She couldn't have been happier and that means the world to me :)" Love the food. Great food and great location. Some parking issues...but the valet made that problem go away. "Hands down one if the best restaurants in all of Arizona! Excellent food and atmosphere Great glass of Zin.  Wonderful ambiance and decor.  but the food and atmosphere rocks."  great staff! Get the bruschetta  the Lechuza is very nice." "The very best.  Plan and simple Always a solid place to have a relaxing glass of wine and very casual laid back food! If you happen to visit the Phx area you should for sure add this place to your short list of stops! So good! i ordered the bruschetta (delicious) and a panini! both were great! I also enjoyed their famous amazingly good moscato de asti !  but a few weeks ago I went for Saturday lunch with my mom and her friend.  It was the perfect spot - they had the back walls opened up to outside and the atmosphere was fabulous for a social midday meal.  Other favorites on the menu are: prosciutto and brie panini and the mediterranean salad "So yummy! I loved the atmosphere. I got the panini Prosciutto with Brie and it was to die for! Followed by great wine "I have been going to Postino for years and they have the most consistent food and service you will find anywhere in the Valley.  I often get cravings for their Mediterranean salad and bruschetta.  Oh Love just about everything on the menu here!!! My only complaint is happy hour ends at 5pm." Great place to eat and drink for happy happy happy hour! $5 wine and great bruschetta! Nice place. Good food tastes fresh and light. No spirits as this place serves only beer and wine. PARKING IS HORRIBLE. Get valet!  sipping wine and munching on the best bruschetta board in Phoenix. This is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour  only 1 in 1000 (less than one-tenth of 1%) 2014 Award recipients qualified as Five-Time Award Winners. Various sources of information were gathered and analyzed to choose the winners in each category. The 2014 USCA Award Program focuses on quality Love this place. Wish I lived closer to go more often!! tt90v3FhWlBHtLxkQvRMbA "Cactus Moon is a nice little stop over by Cabela's on 202 and Dobson. I only go there to play poker with the Dream Dealers on Tuesdays. My regular order is  the pound of wings for $5 and then usually a Three Olive Vodka special. Lots of combos there Arcadia area is very cool and Postino fits right in Make sure to ask for Bethany! She's the sweetest thing!" I love Postino.  How can you not?  I love the $5 glasses of wine before 5:00.  I love the staff.  Tell them what you like and they make the most perfect recommendations.  And nothing beats the bruschetta- I get cravings for that stuff.  The whole staff rocks at this location.  Very different (and better) vibe than Central. Great ambience in particular if the doors are open to the outside.  Bruschetta and charcuterie boards are both great and the wine is pretty reasonable.  Yum!  Love Postino.  I have never been disappointed when I go there.  It is a very relaxed atmosphere  bruschetta and a sandwich and it was all delicious! Will definitely be back!"  but you will hate the wait.. still worth it.. especially the board and bottle deal." I plan on coming back here and gorging on cheese the next time I'm in the area." YlxSGRbGWW7RpfMryfVD8g  the use of fresh ingredients and creative ways of using them make for a great time every time. I just wish less people would know about it so it wouldn't get so crowded at times "Great place and fun environment . Be advised wait times can be 30 mins given during busiest hours . Tuesday board of Bruschetta and bottle of wine for 20$ totally worth it. Valet parking recommended  "Mandatory valet parking. Stuffy atmosphere. Mediocre bruschetta (especially for the price). The wine our waitress suggested was the only redeeming part of our experience. If you're in the area Bruschetta and Panini sandwiches My favorite of all the Postino locations. The service is always top-notch and the patio makes it possible to believe you're not in the desert. My only suggestion for improvement: make that amazing Roasted Red Pepper Gouda soup a daily offering. Truly the best soup ever. I am such a fan of this place. Husband  (who is more fried food and french fries sort of guy ) took me as a surprise for a date night. WHOLY AWESOMENESS.  Great GREAT brushetta (Even the husband liked it) and a great wine menu. I think I ordered everything that was remotely vegetarian. DELICIOUS. Seriously. I hear there is one in my neck of the woods (Ahwatukee).. can't wait to visit. Beautiful food and beautiful people at a great price.  Can't beat that.  $5 pitchers at happy hour.  I had the chicken & mozzarella panini.  It was delicious.  although she liked more rose wines. The bruschetta was AMAZING!!! We tried a variety of the bruschetta: apple & bri  mostly bruscettas and salads. I prefer going before 6pm when wine is $5. a glass. During the nice weather the door opens out to the patio and you can even bring your dog. The waitstaff are all friendly and there is no bad table. Don't walk  but overall I was pleased with this location."  I'm just not a huge wine drinker.  If you want it to not be completely packed come in on a week night or in the afternoon." Great food and excellent selection of wines. "Great food and atmosphere.  I suggest the ""take two"" lunch option.  I had the chicken salad with raspberry vinaigrette and roastbeef panini.  Both were great.  Service was friendly!" The best local wine pub if you're in the Arcadia/Biltmore area - seriously. Great paninis and bruschetta and of course ! don't forget the Red Wine ! yum try the Mozzerella and Chicken sandwich or the roasted red pepper w/ goat cheese on bread :) "Delicious going away dinner with my bf at postinos outdoor dining area. Besides the misters going crazy  the servers were really nice and welcoming. I really enjoyed this restaurant. Especially the complimentary valet."  service and vibe any day of the week. :)"  and a must try anytime you are in the area" gt4WBFzDkordB3IrP06Bcw AWESOME place to just hang out with friends and have a drink.. Great environment.. Incredible service!  Cannot go wrong here!!  haha. But the only other meh thing for me is that it's very loud inside I liked the bruschetta.  It was fun sitting outside and enjoying the atmosphere.  Very trendy.  It was nice enjoying a meal while catching up with my girlfriend here. I've never had anything that wasn't delicious there (the food and the wine are excellent). A+ across the board." It is a very nice place but they kinda have you waiting for a little long after you're sat down. A Favorite for Brunch/Early Dinner in Phoenix  - 4.25 Stars!" Very nice setting & waiters are very friendly and attentive. Would recommend date night for sure! food was good but his behavior as a professional server was disappointing ...."  the staff were awesome and everyone was very nice and professional. If you are looking for a dentist then I would say go to Dental Brothers."  and they really want you to have the right wine that suits your tastes. You can even taste a little of the wine before you make a decision to choose one. I've been collecting wine corks for art projects and they gave me a whole wine bag full of them that I could take home with me. That was pretty awesome. I am definitely coming back to this place the next time I'm in Phoenix and definitely recommending it to my friends who visit Phoenix too!"  helpful or customer focused. The host was busy when I came in so another server immediately jumped into help and seated our party. She then went and got us waters immediately while we waited for our server to come. We started with meal with the olives and then both had salads. I had the Hannah's Field Salad - Kale  wine and service.  Good thing we don't live to close or I'd weigh 300 lbs.  Highly recommend.  Adore the bruschetta and pub boards.  Great wine pairings  reasonably priced and fun.  The only bummer is they don't have a full bar." The servers were all very knowledgable about the menu and gave us great wine recommendations." Great food. Unfortunately I haven't been back over here because it's so loud that it is impossible to have a conversation. I wish they would do something about it because I miss going there I absolutely love positno! Has a very nice Ambience & Service is always great.  Great spot for a date or girls night out! Such a nice selection of wines. The only downside to this place would be that they don't have many options or dairy free or gluten free! Other than that it's a great place to sit and grab a glass of wine!  but the other stuff we ordered from the menu (e.g. bruschetta) was fantastic!  The service was outstanding.  Very relaxed place." "Postinos has some of the best bruschetta I've tasted. its a classy little bistro looking place with really good lemonade as well.  its not too expensive but its definitely not cheap either. I would recommend this for a lunch type of place but not too big of a dinner Wonderful ""girl night"" get together spot!"  artichoke and the green apple toasts. Each one offers a unique blend of flavors and no one does it better than Postino.  The Autostrada panini has all the right meats and cheeses but I am not a fan of the arugula and tomato.  I took those off and added them to my side salad and took a bite.  Each bite took me back to a stop I made on the way from Naples to Salerno where I had a similar panini with such wonderful flavors.                                                                                                                  The food and wine would earn this wonderful restaurant five stars but the Postino service by committee is not my favorite.  It creates uneven service and no one seems totally responsible for your table.  Other than that  so get there early in the evening if you can!"  ambiance & playlist is always great & the wine list is stellar & also constantly evolving.  We've ordered their bruschetta platter for parties & they're always a hit!  If you haven't been & enjoy wine you definitely need to go.  There are other locations but Arcadia is what I would consider the 'flagship' location." "Very trendy busy hot spot and for good reason. Yummy large chesse board with fruit nuts and bread  just get 4 of those and you'll be good. What I don't like is that it's hard to get seating and there is a bit of an attitude with the staff  I think Postino deserves to be on the short list of local restaurants to try." Absolutely fantastic wine and bruschetta!!! I wish there was one in Denver!! This a must go! I can be pretty picky when it comes to quality of food while I'm dining out. If I'm paying for it... I want it to be good. Anytime I visit Postino it never disappoints! Great atmosphere and delicious wine. Plus friendly service and fresh food. What more could you ask for?" "Coworkers and I go here all the time for a quick lunch or happy hour. Great atmosphere Tuesdays are the best obvs thanks to their special. Not really a dinner place but great place to hang out and have a variety of wine selections. Amazing wine selection AND $5 glasses during (a super long) happy hour. A great variety of bruschetta! My faves are the salmon w/pesto and the roasted red pepper w/goat cheese :) can't go wrong with any of the paninis either! The atmosphere is perfect for dates and lunch with the girls!  and delicious food...but it's good to catch them at lunch or off peak hours when the whole neighborhood isn't in line to grab a table." Cons: wait times can be long (mainly during peak hours and happy hour) and some of their entrees are little underwhelming (however Now I'm back in the desolate tomato jam-Postino lacking wasteland of a place I call home and am jonesing for a tomato jam fix!  Best friend  and salads. I like to order the half salad and half sandwich. Italian picnic and raspberry chicken salads are my favorites. Chicken & mozzarella and the nine iron panini are my 2 faves.  You can't go wrong with any of the Bruschetta choices such as warm artichoke spread "All aboard for Brunch!  We are a Sunday Morning look for a great breakfast kind of people.  Our best friends told us that this place in the Arcadia district was now serving Brunch from 9AM and to check it out.  We arrived like 9:15AM with much apprehension as we were the only couple in the place.  The menu was limited but looked decent.  Oh My Goodness!  My wife ordered the Ciabatta French Toast.  Now she claims to just hate Ciabatta bread Please visit and experience for yourself...you'll understand my happy speechlessness" Service is always Outstanding!  Worth the drive and wait!" This place has the best wednesdays in the valley! I love all of their bruschettas! I will always love this place!  its a treat to come here. Oh and the bartender is wonderful! Super friendly and personable!" This is probably not a good place for kids! If you want to bring your kids to go LGO!" bW3wbgHaY2qcVKkHAFGhtw SDwYQ6eSu1htn8vHWv128g "Great atmosphere and even better food. Order bruschetta (obviously) and make sure you get at least one prosciutto and fig in your flight! The Italian Picnic salad is amazing- goat cheese... bacon... I mean what more could you want?! The only downside is you're almost forced to use valet parking. Pretty annoying but hey If this was my first time coming to Postino - I probably would have... It was still great once we went it. As always is :-)" Favorite resturant in Phoenix! Great neighborhood joint can't beat the bruschetta and a cold brew to relax and unwind.  but we didn't wait for a table which is nice. We have been to the Monday/Tuesday 8pm special before and that gets extremely busy. Make sure you arrive a little before 8 and you will probably wait a bit for a table but it's worth it! A board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20... can't beat that anywhere! Maybe one of the best aspects of this restaurant is that they do not upcharge bottles of wine 90% like many others do. The bottle is 3x the glass price "It is amazing for happy hour. Decent prices  there are usually more options in most other bars that offer any craft beer. Didn't take a serious look at the wine list this time around. Trying many different kinds of bruschetta in one order was a nice way to taste many things  but I might give it one more try before I totally write it off."  bruschetta not to miss" Love this place in our neighborhood! food are very healthy and delicious. We normally order bruchetta with figs and prosciutto. "Hands down my favorite restaurant in the valley. I typically go to the Gilbert location as I feel it's the largest but had brunch at this location on Sunday. The bruschetta is an absolute must whether you are there for dinner or weekend brunch. They have $5 mimosas and bellinis which are equally delicious "This place is amazing! They have amazing food.. Love the Bruschetta plate. It's very filling and great for 2! Make it an evening  and prosciutto fig. Also the chicken and mozzarella panini is one of my favorite sandwiches ever. The reason why I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the service- sometimes it's good and sometimes it's just meh... Regardless Monday and Tuesday Bruschetta and Wine deals are where it's at!! Bruschetta is always on point!! "Always a good idea to go here. You can't miss. Great vibe  great atmosphere. Whats not to love here? Excellent for romantic dates Brunch is until 1pm. Scrambled eggs and bacon is very good! Salami and Pesto Bruschetta is awesome. I like going during the week like Wednesday because its a little less hectic. Love it but Postino's gets mad crowded.  If you go for Sunday Brunch send someone ahead to get the table it will prevent angry hungry friends.  great service and food came quickly despite being really busy during lunch.  We loved it!  Salads are great and you can't miss the bruschetta!" Delivers the hype *drops mic.*" the place is nice very hipster food  ok nothing to write home about needs a better beer selction with some more euro stuff  and it was delicious. My friends ordered a variety of food from salads to sandwiches Only missing a star because of parking. The food (esp. the bruschetta) is excellent! Absolutely love this place! The food is amazing. So full of flavor and each meal is prepared with careful attention to detail with the freshest ingredients. Always trying new wine with great recommendations from the staff. All that combined with a fair price & terrific customer service will always keep me coming back!  a refreshing first time dining experience in Phoenix!" "Located in a former post office. Wonderful wine selection at only $5.00 a glass from 11am to 5pm. Best bruchetta in Phoenix. Salads  but I was here recently and the waitress seemed in a hurry to be done with our table (we were 2 quiet people  so that you can share all of the different types of bruschetta.  If I came back and didn't order anything but a few different bruschetta Try the creme brulee (and thank me later!)" I could see how this place could have a great concept with the wine bar "It has a nice place that I can recommend to my friends who needs to drink and to unwind. To eat and to relax. The food is good. Personally  as always. I only wish I had a bottomless tummy cuz I don't want to stop eating here. Ever. Keep it up guys !"  which was light and tasty (also a great value at $5 for the half salad). I also ordered the tomato jam and artichoke spread flatbreads to try. The flatbreads are more of a bruschetta (served on toasted baguette) rather than a traditional flatbread. I was actually pleasantly surprised and ate those up like nobody's business. I do wish the tomato jam had a tad of spice to it "Had my birthday lunch here! It was so good and the prosecco was amazing (and only $5). I love Postinos and thier bruschetta boards. I got a sandwich- the nine iron. It was good my only complaint is that the sauce must've been on the bread for a bit. It was very soggy on the bottom. Also This is a city treasure" Fabulous! Always a great experience! "First of all I'm starting off by giving it three stars because I think it is crazy that the parking lot is as small as it is and that it is valet parking!! Our waiter had absolutely no sense of humor whatsoever and had to make the comment that he was leaving shortly as if he was glad not to have us as customers.  Seriously  this place is rockin' and there's a wait for tables for a REASON. It's a great neighborhood place and somewhere I ALWAYS made sure to go when I was in town visiting during a 2+ year period of living out of state. LOVE THIS PLACE." A favorite thing for me is that you get a chance to try some awesome wines  or for that after work kickback spot. It's my go to when I want to feel completely relaxed because I know they're going to take care of me."  best bruschetta that I have ever had in my life. It's nice to have the valet for parking and it's complimentary. The service is always great and I have never had any issues at this place."  new friends and pretty much everyone here. We always get the bruschetta here! It's the perfect sharing plate. The live music is a plus when they have it and it's just a chill environment."   Their bruschetta is to die for and combined with their 5 dollar wine specials.  Then you have to try their sunday with the corn nuts and chocolate covered pretzels." The bruschetta here is seriously wonderful. I try to avoid gluten so I tried the gluten free bread tonight and it was fabulous! I would definitely recommend the prosciutto and fig as well as the warm artichoke - they are so good. It's a fun wine selection and a great atmosphere.  she was kind and quickly showed us our seats. The entire wait staff was prompt and efficient. We went with the Butchers Block and the Bruschetta Board. Both were amazing! We have been coming to Postinos for years now and have tried a few locations. This one seems to be our favorite. I would like to say a special thanks to Jaime who not only was the first one to greet us immediately walking in but was also the last one to show us out. She was certainly on top of her game and it was reflected by her staff. By far our best experience yet." My favorite place!!  Bruschetta is amazing and I love the Italian Picnic salad.  Service is always great.  you can choose four different set of toppings out of a list of eight or so. Each one is spectacular from the prosciutto & mascarpone to the salmon and pesto. The butcher block is an equally tantalizing option--quite possibly the best goat cheese around. Finally Keep up the good work!!"  but overshadowed by the amazing bruschetta. They had a very nice wine and beer selection. We saw on the patio under a heater and that made for a very nice ambiance. It took me a bit to catch on that we didn't have just one server We took great pleasure in our feast of antipasti and wine. We ate with our hands and enjoyed the variety. I'd love to go back to Postino next time I'm in Phoenix. I'd be a regular if I lived in town." "What a great place with awesome service! Good was fresh I loved the ambiance. Its really cool and classy with lots of character. You can dress up or wear hiking gear. It also has garage doors to hang outside on those warm-weathered days (basically everyday in Scottsdale!). Complete with heater and misters for the summer.  Amazing all around Love it here!  The bruschetta is amazing! The only thing is the lack of parking and the long waits but I guess more people feel like me. It's worth the wait. Just be sure to have cash on you because they do have valet. "This place is so cool! The ambience is perfect! It is in an old post office. Their food is phenomenal. Easily Went during lunch hours. Quiet and such a relaxing atmosphere with great service. The food was amazing.  but I think my expectations of a soulful renovated historic post office were maybe too high." We're glad we tried it because it was on our list but will def not be back." Love postinos. Great atmosphere and simple menu. First time here but won't be my last. Got the bruschetta board. Mix and match to suite your taste. Defiantly 5 stars.  the atmosphere is just as good as it was when I first went over 5 years ago and the food has just gotten better "Food is GREAT....wonderful salads  our waiter offered us 2 desserts on the house!  It's nice to see a restaurant go above and beyond for its customers."  love the  Bruschetta !!!" Love the selection of appetizers. The atmosphere is perfect for lunch with girlfriends or a romantic dinner with your honey! If you want to feel like you're on a holiday this is the place to go."  service and atmosphere is as good as it gets. Great happy hour and Bruschetta Board bottle of wine special after 8 pm on Mondays and Tuesdays. If you haven't been here... you won't be disappointed." I would recommend swinging by for some good food!"  great wine without all the fuss!  Sandwiches are HUGE and let's not forget dessert....the chocolate bouchon was amazing!  No wait and great service as well!" Overall nice place to come experiment if you are a foodie."  I said I would just pay the bill with my card so she didn't have to split anything. But I think the hospitality is supposed to go the other way around. Just saying:)" "I've been here twice already and the second time was as good as the first.The staff is very friendly Simply delicious! They even have gluten free bruschettas! One of my favorite places. Will be back Love Postino ! Great location fabulous atmosphere fabulous food service is a little lacking but they can improve upon that would definitely come back! cheers!! My only complaint would be that it gets so loud at night because it is a compact space that you can barely hear the person across from you  but quality & service has slipped lately. Used to have best bruchetta in town "This place is wonderful. The atmosphere is relaxed. The patio is wonderful on a beautiful day and shaded so not uncomfortable on a 90 degree day like today. $5 wine until 5pm and the selection is magnificent. The bruschetta is just as good as everyone says it is. I had apple & brie This place was just okay. . definitely not somewhere I'd see myself frequenting. I feel like I missed some of the charm as my rating is lower than the average.   When you arrive you have no option for parking except to valet. I had a glass of wine.  $10 for a glass of house reisling seemed a little steep for me.  They described a delicious soup option then came back to tell me they were out after I ordered it. The restaurant is very trendy. They have both indoor and outdoor seating. They have a great selection of wine. My wife had their four combo of bruschetta. She totally loved it. I had the autostrada panini. It was really good. I like the bread it was on. Would totally go back again." "Amazing decor - you will like being here. It feels open and cozy at the same time. Wine?! Yes please! You'll find a eclectic selection here. Quality. Try their bruschetta This place was Delicious. Try the Apple bruschetta and the salmon bruschetta. I went on an extremely busy night where they had a $20 board and bottle specials. The wait was over an hour and you were pretty much obligated to use their valet unless you wanted to walk very far so factor that into your budget. The food was really good but the portions are relatively small if you are sharing. Overall I will come back to this place just not on the night they have the specials.  the area is very small so parking is a pain but the restaurant itself is very nice and the food is great." disappointed in that..asked for fresh..not toasted or stale..they sent out two small pieces...for 16 bucks I think they could do better"  and the staff was very helpful. We ordered the cafe latte which was delicious! For food we had the chicken & mozzarella panini with side salad and the turkey panini with chips and everything was fantastic! Definitely a new fav spot for us."  especially when I can see nearby spots right in front of the restaurant. Made no sense. There's an overflow lot they directed me to about a block north.  Got to walk off some lunch that way  or even sit inside at the bar. There's a huge selection of wine and beer. 7 days a week they offer $5 wine by the glass or pitchers of beer 11am - 5pm." Everything coming out of the kitchen looked to die for and ours was delicious too. Great outdoor brunch." On a side note the raspberry chicken salad is probably the yummiest salad I have ever eaten!!" They make reservations for larger groups."  management has still not redone the wine list to reflect the absence of a selection which we know they haven't had for some time Always enjoyable. Great bruschetta. Good value. Nice service and agreeable crowd. Only downsides are the limited parking and no liquor license. Great service and food at a great price. We'll definitely be back." "We just had dinner at your Arcadia restaurant last night and I had a panini and bruschetta. It was delicious but the chips were horrible. We used to look forward to your potato chips that came with the sandwich. They were thick "My heart aches when I have to miss a Tuesday...I love every single staff member here as if they were my family. Tyler at the bar ...man you hook it up with hands down the best service in the industry!  Can't thank you enough for the friendly service  management/ownership at Postino Arcadia is completely unprofessional.  The food is below average and the service is atrocious.  I had previously patronized this place somewhat regularly for the better part of 14 years. However "The absolute best! I've been here MANY times and I've never had a bad experience. They always get our orders right Its a nice place. Go on week days for discount on drinks. They have got really good collection of wine . i love the decor and outdoor seating with candles on every table. "I love Postinos but this Arcadia location. eh. they close at 11 so don't show up hungry at 9:45. My sister and I were greeted at the hostess stand by a guy who told us that if we wanted to eat we have to order ""right this second"" although we stated that it was 945... the guy proceeded to tell us that if we were expecting to eat we had to order now. My sister and I turned around lol thought it was extremely rude. freakin love Postinos though!!!!!" I LOVE TO EAT... I tried and devowered every type of bruschetta they had and it was awesome. great prices and the Moscato wine to wash it all down. great service too. perfect date night. thanks everbody! I was a regular at this place for many years but the service and foot quality has gone WAY down hill.  I recently found a BUG in my food and management was very nonchalant and not accommodating whatsoever.  I will NOT be back. "One of my favorite restaurants of all time.  Great ambiance  it was piled high and delicious. Great portion sizes and flavor combinations! The staff is always fun and professional." My husband and I heard about Postino and went there for lunch.  The food was delicious and the customer service was fantastic!  We will definitely go back again!!  as it will be bad memories."  would learn to be nicer to his customers & not laugh at them. I appreciate Your kindness & Your way of making someone feel better. It means a lot. Thank you very much." Great place for enjoying good food and drinks after work. Reasonable prices and complimentary valet parking makes this a place we will definitely be coming back to. The combo panini and soup or salad for $10 bucks was excellent. I enjoyed the raspberry chicken salad and roast beef panini. And of course when discussing an evening at Postino you have to talk about the wine.  The selection is amazing and the staff is knowledgeable about the selection without being pretentious like I've seen in similar places.  If you are intimidated by the selection or just don't know what you would like they will be able to assist you with finding the perfect match for your meal and your tastes." The best of the Postinos in Phoenix. Epitome of a great restaurant and dining experience. Cool atmosphere and great wine choices. Loved that there's is not a crazy large menu they keep it simple and good. Maybe on the higher end price wise for what you get but cool atmosphere and we will come here again. Our server was definitely interesting I think he'd been eating some Denver brownies right before or during his shift :)  valet parking was quick and efficient. We will be back I just don't care. But still a good time." They have really good deals on Monday and Tuesday. The brushetta is a must try! I love the pear and brie. "Great place for wine!!! Check it out on Monday and Tuesday for cheap wine and food. Great service This has always been one of my favorite neighborhood spots and today I walked into the bar and I thought it was reserved since each spot had a  formal place setting and linen napkins. Felt like going home and changing my chuck Taylor's to dress shoes.  I also noticed that most of the entire staff I know is gone  besides one of my favorite people here Todd. I hope this is not a sign of things to come.  but it's definitely worth it. All of the bruschetta planks we ordered were delicious and though they were out of the wine we ordered  wine by glass is only 5 per glass! Great value! The restaurant has great ambience. Could be a nice date night kind of place. Lovely experience."  you can get one for only $5 before 5 p.m.  It's a great spot to meet friends and they have a nice outdoor patio that is great most of the year. Just remember it can get a bit noisy."  wish it was a little crispier but it makes for easy eats cause it's not hard to bite into! They also cut each bruschetta into quarters so it's easy to share all the different ones! Great for a wine night and bites where you just want to hang out and chat! The atmosphere is also good.. Very dark and candlelit inside and there are misters on the outside to keep it semi cool!"  otherwise it would be daily. I'm a vegetarian so I always get the artichoke bruschetta and the bruschetta with pesto- lucky me if corn is the seasonal. Champagne...rose....bellinis. (Insert more good things here)" On Mondays and Tuesdays they have a deal for $20 you get a block of bruschetta (includes 4) and a bottle of wine. Can't beat it!" Good food in a nice location. This place is always packed. Docked a star due to service being so so. Servers aren't so friendly - maybe because they're so busy? - takes away from a full pleasant experience. I really wish they had one of these type places back home  wine & munchie hangout! Their bruschetta board is off the charts ~you pick 4 options off of their delicious list~ {Warning: It's so hard to choose!! They're all amazing.} I've been known to get an entire board to myself for dinner! Whoops "Went on a Tuesday night for the $20 wine and bruschetta deal. We waited about 45 minutes but ended up with a lovely and romantic table outside. We ordered a bottle of Albarino and a selection of bruschetta. They are not reinventing the wheel or anything but First time here. Having a great brunch. Extremely attentive and knowledgeable staff. $5 mimosas. How can you go wrong? Cute little spot. Great wine! Amazing happy hour! Attentive servers. Very quick valet. I'll be back! Jet really made the experience here excellent. He took his time to give us the history of the restaurants and the management behind them. He gave us great recommendations of other restaurants under the same ownership that happen to be next on my list to try!" I HIGHLY recommend Postino!"  and bruschetta. The wine list was fit to please. I'm not a wine person and I enjoyed my beer selection as well. The service was cheerful and helpful. The atmosphere was classy and fun. We'll be back for sure."  which we were please with. But as he was doing it he looked at me and said ""is there enough chairs here now?!"" And proceeded to roll his eyes! Im sorry but I think that is just flat out rude!! Luckily our server was extremely nice and made the experience a little better." The food here is incredible!!! If it's your first time you need to order the bruschetta. All of them are good. I also enjoyed their wine selection. This is my favorite restaurant to go to when I'm in Phoenix/Scottsdale Great food and ambiance. Bruschetta is on par and very tasty! Cants beat 20 dollar wine and bruschetta board night. I have never been to a restaurant  that specializes is bruchetta.  This was a treat do not sleep on it.  The salmon and capers with pesto was my fav.  Happy hour wine 5 bucks added bonus. Special treat after a spa day.  Loved it Five stars for $5 wine by the glass and beer pitchers from open toll 5pm!! The good their is well prepared as well. Definitely try the bruschetta! The only reason I docked a star is because I'm not a fan of the parking situation. It's extremely limited. And while they have valet Nice place to have some beer especially before 5 since draft mini pitchers are $5 which gives you 2 pints to 2 1/2 pints all depends on the poor of the bartender. But it's nice just make sure to have some mosquito repellent or itch cream cause we got eaten by mosquitos while sitting outside when it is such a beautiful day!  the food is delish and the wine is always great.  Love they happy hour prices too!" Postino is my favorite restaurant to go to in the Phoenix area. The board and bruscetta board deal on Mondays and Tuesdays is amazing.  The wines are always great and the boards never disappoint! My only criticism is that it felt like we had two waitresses and one of them wasn't very friendly."  you get to pick 4 and all of them are amazing so you can't go wrong. The prosciutto and brie panini is absolutely delicious with the fig spread and my favorite salad is the Hannah's field. The service is amazing and everyone is friendly." I thought I just reviewed his place let me do it again we stopped in for wine in a Balenie and extensive appetizer menu was almost daunting we finally decided to build our own bruschetta and very delivered product was unbelievable I'll be back "This place will not disappoint. I got the bruscetta (you choose four) and all of them were delicious. Do yourself a favor and throw in the tomato jam option. It's actually sweet and provides a nice contrast to many of the other savory options. My husband got the B.E.L.T. panini and we both agreed it it needed a bit crustier bread and some melty  and this is by far the best place my friends could have brought us to. The ambiance and music were super cool  and a cute touch coming out in mini carafes. A great menu and the bruschetta fantastic!" Yum yum in the tum! Love the bruschetta! Was recently told about board and bottle nights. Awesome deal ! Can be busy and loud but busy for a reason! Postina Arcadia deserves more had the service not been absolutely dreadful. Which sucks because i have eaten hered before and loved it. Our server was a blonde older looking Woman and she was very rude and was hardly at our table. I had to flag a busser down for everything i needed and when i asked someone to send our waitress over she still went around to all her other tables.The food however is always really good!  lunch or after hours enjoyment...the bruschetta board is the best in the valley (my fave is the prosciutto/fig). The wine selection is lacking in diversity. Drink white or ros and you will be safe! Overall  had a nice table indoors with a great view but in came another indoor group that brought in a lap dog in a Green Bay jersey.  No leash "Really good gluten free bread makes the bruschetta menu work for this girl.  Fantastic combinations "Fantastic place!!! Helpful hint beer pitchers & wine are $5 everyday 11-5!!! The food is really amazing and fresh! VALET IS RUDE and semi lost the keys and gave a sour look that we ""only"" tipped them $4 bucks after all that. So I would not suggest valet. Although I don't believe they are associated with the restaurant I think they are outsourced. The tomato jam is great! The iron skillet sandwich and all the bruschetta and mixed green salads are great. I didn't get a chance to try the Cream Brul because I was overly stuffed but "Ive been here a few times for dinner. The atmosphere is great. It is dimly lit making for a more intimate feel. Their wine selection is good and their food is great. I've had the bruschetta board Love this spot. Great for a glass of wine and chilling or dinner!  It's a must but on the hot nights expect a wait. Definitely one of my favorite places!! I've been here on multiple occasions and have no complaints! Food is great and I love the atmosphere. My go to place! Great experience! Friendly valet and staff and a wonderful happy hour. $5 glasses of wine were the best part! The bruschetta platter can't be beat! A great place for happy hour or a light lunch with friends.  other nights of the week also rock as this place has amazing brews and beer/wine. Cheers Went with friends to enjoy the bruschetta and wine special.  It was delicious! Service was good.  Plan to come back to try the rest of the menu! "they probably don't need another review but here it is! always spot on! every single bruschetta flavor is delicious. interesting wines  and had a glass of pinot noir during their $5 until 5 special." I am giving them a 4 stars I would definitely go back and try some of the other menu items." The Arcadia location has a quaint charm to it. The staff is always friendly and the food consistently good.  bring your date or your friends and $20 gets you bruschetta and a bottle of vino! Or how about brunch for $5 mimosas or sangria on the weekend ? I've also ordered catering from Postino and they always get it correct! Sometimes I just NEED that amazing bruschetta variety in my home for entertaining ! This is always my favorite place for a date night with my new hubby. I introduced him to wine  good atmosphere.. BUT found a hair in my sandwich and an eyelash in my bruschetta. The manager was accommodating about these items and took them off the check. I would recommend Postinos to someone  everything was very well seasoned and it's a great plate to share and snack on. The smoked smoked salmon was a great order to start your day with for brunch. The farm scramble was ok and it wasn't something to die for tho. Overall  and from the wine to the coffee ! Came back here twice in one day because it was so phenomenal ! Excellent staff  "They're not opening multiple locations for nothing! Come here for their $20 bottle of wine and bruschetta deals on Mondays/Tuesday's after 8pm! Otherwise  the doors were all open. It was a gorgeous sunny Sunday in Phoenix. This will go down as a wonderful memory If you're in the mood to get your carbs on with some bubbles or wine This place absolutely lives up to the hype! We have been going to postino for years now and are never disappointed. The food is great and the atmosphere is even better. Try any of the bruschetta and you will be happy!  but I loved it so much that we ordered a bruschetta tray for my birthday party this past weekend. I am gluten free & I loved that I could get a whole tray of gf bruschetta!! Everyone at the party loved it and said it didn't taste gf at all. It was definitely a crowd pleaser!"  and great food. I ordered the B.E.L.T. and it was to die for. My breakfast Panini was huge so I had to take a half to go. I would definitely recommend this place."  go for the chicken walnut salad. It doesn't disappoint! Happy hour is daily from 11-5pm with $5 glasses of wine. Tuesday nights you can get a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20. This is a great deal! Cheers!"  you can get french press coffee or treat yourself and have a mimosa or bellini ($5 each).  The atmosphere is very friendly (sit outside if you can) and the service is great.  I highly recommend this place (unless you arrive before me and take my table)!  Also  and vibe overall. Great wine list- but you have to get the boards! Try Sundays with live music and weekly specials." "Stopped in last night with some coworkers for their bottle & board deal which takes place Mon/tues.  Took about a half hour to get our party seated but well worth it. $20 gets you a bottle of house wine (from a pretty extensive list) and a bruschetta board...you are able to choose any 4 off of their amazing list! We had a great time. Fun ambiance Can't wait to come back!" NOT VERY ACCOMMODATING...you didn't deserve one star this time and we will stay away for a while now..."  and a selection of breads.  It was so much fun to try different combinations and everything we tried was delicious together.  We also ordered the bruschetta and it did not disappoint.  Our favorites were the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone and Burrata  I'd switch the artichoke for the apple with fig jam one! We also got the green mix salad which I thought may be just a tegular greens salad with pear but no. The fried leeks on top and dressing...yum!!  All so good." I definitely see why this place has such great reviews... not only is their service impeccable but their food is always amazing. if you just want a great sandwich and a fresh salad or a glass of wine and a meat/cheese platter... this is the place for you! I love their $20 deal for bruschetta and a bottle of wine! this place is always soooo good! love postinos arcadia!  insider tip (well it's printed on the menu) but their bottled wine is discounted when you order while dining in. Their rose on the menu is just divine :) looking forward to MANY happy hours I came here with a couple friends and ordered their unique bruschetta!! They have so much to choose from and there all so strong in flavor. Highly recommended! Great place to visit! "Ive been here several times with my friends & family; but also recently planned my birthday celebration here. Postino was fabulous at getting me in for my reservations for my party of 10 Had a good experience. We stopped in for a late lunch. We got 4 bruschetta's for the two of us and it was plenty to hold us over. Very trendy atmosphere and good service! Fantastic. I love the bruschettas. Mimosas could be stronger. Brunch BELT isn't my favorite. Wine is amazing here. Atmosphere is superb as its beautiful around this area. Perfect patio weather. Service has been good each time I've come in. can be noisy and cold."  however the ambience always seems very casual and classy. The happy hour prices are very fair and I love the bruschetta boards." I was very impressed with the owner Brad getting back to me on a concern I had in the restaurant a week ago. He totally solved the problem. I live between Scottsdale and California. I love that restaurant. A little crowded and I know little noisy but the service is great. And the staff is very friendly. A great place to go and relax with a glass of wine during happy hour where they have a five dollar menu. Highly recommend them. Bruschetta is awesome and the nine iron sandwich is delicious. One of my favorite places to eat in Arcadia. "Service is always fantastic. Bruschetta is unreal  and the environment is well designed for inside and outside seating. we ate at 6 other places and this was the best and most memorable one. if i'm ever in town again  the polite and prompt service will! We already can't wait to go back and dine with them again soon." The board and bottle deal is amazing. The end. Any of the locations are a must-go!"  thank you for being a friend." Came to this location back in March and was very disappointed with the service. First off it was extremely cold in the restaurant for some reason and when we asked if the air could be turned off or get moved the server just kind of laughed it off and didn't take us seriously. That already left a bad taste in my mouth. Second they server was not very accommodating... My dad asked if he could sub a soup for a salad and she flat out said no. Would not even check or anything. We were willing to pay a bit more for a sub but no she didn't care. Finally when we actually got our food the bread for the sandwiches and bruschetta were so stale and old. I don't usually write bad reviews but this time I was beyond unsatisfied and this was after talking up this restaurant to my dad visiting from out of town. Will probably just stick to the Tempe or Central locations from now on. Great place to eat and drink and enjoy a relaxing night out!  CA- and who doesn't love San Diego?!? Really!! :) My favorite thing to order is the Mixed greens salad and a board of assorted bruschetta."  the 5$ happy hour... Seriously what gets better than a pitcher or glass of wine for 5$??? The bruschetta is my go to comfort food and love the service. Postinos has it down when it comes to affordable date night Amazing place to enjoy wine and a variety of tasty bruschetta. My favorite ones were the warm artichoke spread and ricotta with dates and pistachios.  outstanding service and superb ambiance." The place has a great ambience. Free valet- awesome. The bruschetta is amazing. So are the salads. The only thing I wasn't happy with was the bread on their paninis. I orders the focaccia which was a little to hard or over toasted for my palate.   I'm in love with the place .. too bad I was just passing through town :(. The bruschetta never disappoints and neither does the wine. I love the $20 board and bottle deal the most!! Great spot to hang out with the girlfriends to chat and relax.  but not for a dinner place.  There are several locations.  I have been here Bomb af but snobby waiters they literally act like they can't wait to turn your table lol  very well decorated with walls of bottles of wine. I love their bruschetta special. You get to chose 4 different types. The prosciutto and figs stole my heart! Very good selection of wine  but luckily wasn't in a rush! Will definitely be going back." I went to brunch with friends and the food and service was great.  I have been there several times over the years and always enjoy myself. Parking at this location is somewhat of a PITA but that's typical Arcadia. The restaurant itself always has a great vibe and good service. I would likely give another star if their brunch options were just a bit more robust. The farm scramble is very tasty  ect. The food was truly beautiful and tasted just as good as it looked. I was sad I felt full before I finished all my bruschetta. My family LOVED that all the bruschetta slices were already cut into fourths so we could easily share. We will be back again and again." "Loved the bruschetta! I got a bruschetta board where you get to pick 4 types of bruschetta to try out. They were all unique and delicious. It was a fun eating experience. My 18 month old got the pb&j bruschetta from the kids menu  EVERYTHING was exceptional! It was my first time here and the place itself was welcoming enough! The ambiance and everything. My favorite was the bruschetta! You can pick four types and they were all so good! The poblano soup was was so tasty! I would go to this place everyday! This is definitely worth going to!" Had I not been in town for business I probably would have cracked another bottle and hung out long enough to be hungry for more dishes. Next time!"  and have already warned others of the poor service we received. Would definitely avoid this place if you have any hopes of having quality service."  I would expect the menu to undergo a bit of a refresh as well. Visited the Highland and Scottsdale location and even though the new location and great use of an old building is great Absolutely love this place. Owner and staff are great!! Food is amazing. PERFEKT is by far my favorite wine! Specials are worth the weight.  I cannot speak more highly of those places. Love this place. Great wine selection. You must have the bruschetta if you've never been. Boomer Sooner! Go OU!" qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  JT....OMG...the wings will make you take flight. They are the most delicious little mouth delights. Serious ..dude should have a solid gold chicken wing out front. They are grilled to perfection Hands down best bar in the nation. I go here a few times a week. The food is amazing and the bartenders and waitress are friendly and gorgeous. Even if it's packed the waitress is always right there with a smile. I recommend the wings and taco thursdays! it's a great place to go to watch the game. go sooners!  Rebecca was sweet and informative... The place is simple... and cheap... and packed... The wings seemed to be the thing... and Im wishing I had a taste for them... just never have been a fan. But they looked good... My friend had a burger... it was piled high with mushrooms.. I had a grilled chicken sandwiche...basic Best wings ever!!!! There is no place that can stand near this place for wings. "I'm a fan of J.T.'s.  Reasonable drinks and REALLY good wings.  It's small Note: It gets really packed around dinner time and the service can be slow - so take a deep breath Great wings...cool place to chill  the food is delicious and you'll end your night with a shockingly cheap tab!" Service sucks bad on the weekend. Mainly because the weekend waitresses are unfriendly and incompetent. Amazing wings. I would suggest going just for them but during the week when the blonde waitress works who is very friendly and highly competent. Can't get much better than this.  This was our first time in and the regulars welcomed us as if we had been coming there for 10 years!  We will definitely be back.  The wings are just too awesome not to have again." This place a small bar with very little walking space. I can only imagine if I came during happy hour or when a big game was on. I would give them 3.5 stars  cooked really god damn well and served perfectly crispy.  I would come back strictly for the wings despite my overall discomfort there.  But then  JT's is the place. It's got a very regular Baja Arcadia crowd but is friendly to newcomers also. Put a couple of bucks in the jukebox and play Johnny Cash "All I really need to say is GRILLED WINGS.... but I shall say more in detail. They have the BEST wings in town! They fry the wings "I was introduced to this bar by an old landlord in arcadia. at the time i was not a buffalo wings kinda guy but that has all changed. this place has set the bar for wings in phx for me. fried "Best dive bar. Ever.  Go see Beth and order yourself a ""Clint Black."" You can thank me later."  but don't take my fucking seat. I'm hungry."  cool crowd and best wings in PHX. You need to order ""The Works"" wings (secret menu) Julio is the cook and he does a great job! You will find JT sitting at the bar usualyy drinking with the patrons. There's a juke box and great daily specials such as: 2 for 1 burgers on Tuesdays. A can't miss spot." The wings are absolutely amazing. They made me feel like carnivore. Yum! Tacos are also very good. People are nice and friendly. Service is on point. So far I'm in love. Definitely if I was a resident of Phoenix I would come here frequently.  I love local places like this."  and Julio keeps mine nice and rare. Perfect. It's a great place to chew the fat with a friend. You can also just walk in by yourself and spark up a conversation with just about anyone there. Be careful with JT though. He is a man of few words qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  great tasting bar food at it's best but the thing you have to get is the wings.  These are the best wings in town "Were the wings the best I've ever had? Probably. I love the divey feel of the place too. Definitely my kind of bar. The only thing that bumped it down was how warm my beer was. I know that's a bit picky "This review is for drinks only! I went here last night with a party of 8 people for a birthday party. The place is cute and supposedly has awesome food...but their kitchen was closed! Lame! Anyway  just on the good side of too salty. Try not to be put off by ""chicken feet"" on the menu; they aren't feet but rather... the most delicious and moist chicken tenders EVER (one-upped with homemade ranch dressing). We walked in just looking for a chill spot to watch some Olympiad action and were so pleasantly surprised. Friendly  salad and a baked potato.  I also love the tacos special.  I thought it was taco Tuesday but maybe it's Taco Thursday.  Great special.  Now I must say that it's a old neighborhood bar in a old little strip mall.  Growing up down the road since the 60's I saw how the bar used to be.  It was where the men and ""drunks"" would go to drink.  I always say that it was my friends and I that changed the place.  My husband would go there with some friends and slowly slowly I would go.  I would be dressed up and feel very out of place.  Eventually about three years later I saw the change that I fell we instigated in about 2005.  It is now a tavern that you can take your girl to BEST WINGS EVER!!!!  Service is slow but it's worth it!  Burgers are good too but the wings are outstanding! Wings were OK. Liked the Yella Pilsner draft special. Decent dive bar. Real good ranch! Great tasting food at great price. Drinks are ok.  How can one mess up a fun and tonic?  cheap drinks and the best wings in town :)" Overall taste was a 5 but experience knocked one off."  space is tight and the people come in all shapes  and the drinks are strong and the bartenders are awesome. Tip: don't order a frozen drink. It's not the place for it  and if you can't deal with true dive bar bathrooms  home grown dive bar ever.. The beer is ICE COLD and the wings are THE BEST in this town....Jenny is a fantastic bartender and makes you feel like family from the minute you walk in until you crawl out the door!"  very small but fun and they have great wings!" I really liked this hole-in-the-wall.  Yes the grille wings rock!! Just kidding. We had a blast and the place is such a typical neighborhood Divey Bar. Check it out. Not sure the prices since the man next to us was buying all the drinks and I was the DD." "Classic dive bar in the east coast sense of the term.  Not many left in the world.  If you like wings than you have to stop by at least for a taste and the rest of the standard bar food is rotated as daily specials and are very generous and filling (especially steak night!).  Lots of regulars who appear to be very welcoming and deferential to newcomers (i.e.  along with other daily specials. It can be a little Arcadia 'clique-y' and you won't get much sports watching here given the tight space. It is a good place for Oklahoma football games It is definitely a locals hang-out with the guy sitting next to me at the bar trying to remember the name of an Arcadia nightclub from 1990 which ""used to be great until it turned a bit knifey"" The bartender and the local struggled with the name. I was of no help. I Googled ""knifey Arcadia nightclub"" without success. I left before they could get it "Local hidden gem. I snapped some pics to share with my OU friends and they were definitely happy. Small place but packed on a weeknight. Two tv's to watch whatever's on.  No frills service. Good bar food. I'll admit I didn't find the wings to match their hype here qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg They have a pretty large beer selection on tap and every liquor you would want! This place is def going to be apart of my repertoire and it should be for you too!"  don't believe the review underneath mines. I'm almost 100% positive it was done by someone who works for them or has some sort of affiliation with this place. It's written like an advertisement. The wings look NOTHING like they do in that picture. This review would be VASTLY different if they did. Our wings were all limp and flaccid when they showed up to film. Nice try you guys. You make me sick." qz4ZOcv-840UjfCEYI4qZg  hot fries. Anything better? I think not. Bar was crowded but the 1 server did a masterful job of getting drinks and food out for all the customers. We were the oldest by far  and the food was fantastic. The wings are incredible. A must visit! I'll  be back for sure!"  cozy little dive ! Best wings in town ?! Top ten for sure ! The hours seem to be a little wonky but that's ok" "This place has a really great laid back vibe to it. I've had lots of wings in my life from lots of different places and hands down this place has the best wings on the planet. If you like wings "Wings on wings on wings. If you come here they are a must and while your at it get a beer from one of the local breweries they have on draft... Take a cab  and awesome bartenders. New TV's to watch football all day. Definitely worth the drive here if it is out of your way just for their famous wings. Will not be disappointed. Small bars with character does not not get any better. Someone you meet in this first 30 minutes will most likely buy you a shot or beer. It's that kind of friendly vibe." Dive bar heaven! Loved this little gem. Their is a jukebox so you can play your own tunes. The drinks are cheap. The patrons are hilarious. The vibe is awesome and reminds me of little beer joints back east. Go. Drink. Be merry! Best wing's (the works!!) and sports bar atmosphere ever! The best music is always playing!  but they didn't charge us for any add-ons like upgrading to onion rings. Burger was good! Not life changing The bartenders are ahhhhhmazzzzing! Don't know how they do it! Had a medium rare filet  tonight. Steak night duh why wouldn't you get the Wednesday night steak special! Herman is a great chef! They have a jukebox ... Awesome! Go to JTs and you will be winning! I heart Megs! "JT's receives a lot of praise for their buffalo wings and it is well deserved. We trekked over from old town on our bikes. JT's is easy to get to from the canal. After sitting down at a table we were greeted by the friendly staff. Beers arrived quickly and an order of 12 medium wings were out shortly after. Fried I give five stars for the atmosphere and extremely friendly staff who clearly appear to enjoy their job and the down to earth people who know about this small bar." It's a smaller hole in the wall kind of place. But for this stretch of Indian School it's a great easy going kinda spot.  pretty plain bloody Mary's but the wings are amazing!! If you're like us and always looking for great wings Got charged 3 times one card and have to wait 2 days to get my money back. I understand how the banks work but come on.....$135 for 10 shots of fireball. Ridiculous. First time there and probably last time there We heard about the wings and we weren't disappointed. I tried the spicy honey bbq the works and the hot wings. The hot wings were the best of the three. The works and the honey bbq were close in flavor so I'd recommend only one of the sweet ones to go with the spicy. Our service was amazing. The place was packed and there were only two people working the server was very attentive and quick with refills "Probably the best wings I've ever had. They're crispy and slightly barbeque charred on the outside (not messy or greasy at all) but still moist and juicy on the inside and packed with tons of flavor. Great hole in the wall spot with lots of character. Type of place common in older east coast cities  delicious!  JT's is the perfect neighborhood hangout.  You must go.  The bartenders are awesome and so are the cooks.  They get to know you and when you come in again they have your ""usual"" ready for you.  Very hard to find a place like this in a large city.  Fantastic!" "" it's an insider flavor that's sweet and spicy. I get mine with a side of hot sauce cuz I love my wings spicy! They also have homemade ranch which is totally dope."  I prefer a more crispy outside and I like a lot of heat. These wings are drenched in sauce when double dipped Your classic hole in the wall bar. Nice people and fantastic wings. Good pricing on drinks too. Worth a visit for sure "Ahhhmazing wings.  Go on Mondays for wing special; $6.  I've only been once It is better in the winter than the summer. Great music player on wall."  I promise {Other local restaurants have tried to copy their ways and can't compare!} It's full of Arcadia locals and the best place to visit on a Saturday afternoon to watch sports "Tired of the $15 burgers in old town decided to log a few extra miles to and wander over to a tried and true favorite.  It happened to be $.95 cent taco Thursdays and while my friends indulged in several of the other menu items I went with taco's which were a great value and 2 filled me up as they were accompanied with the right mix/amount of lettuce  I haven't seen him lately...possible sighting in Paradise Valley restaurant but could not  confirm if it was him or a clone?"  he does them the best. Bar has divey atmosphere and a hint of sports bar persona." "We used to close this place down (regularly).  Love JT's!  Great tiny little watering hole where the ""regulars"" constantly occupy their favorite barstools.   Is that old codger still renting a party bus to the Jimmy Buffett concert every year?  Oh & their wings are the BEST! One of the few places in town that you can order them fried  since she says the ladies room (is cleaner and nicer than most restaurants).  It's a neighborhood bar "This is literally the best bar I've been to in Phoenix. It's a small neighborhood dive bar. We started out with jalapeo poppers which were delicious. Top notch. We then had the double dipped ""works"" grilled wings. I consider myself a wing connoisseur and these were the best I've ever had! Also  so filled in the blanks and JT is out of the picture but his legacy lives on.  This place is as popular as ever but we usually manage to find a spot.  Today's review is for the cook who deserves a bonus and a nice long all expense paid vacation...I've never seen someone who can knock out a couple hundred wings  and the finished grilled touch makes them extra special.  I love this fun little narrow bar! Great place to kick back I'm for sure going back sometime. The wings were the bomb." The one good thing about JT's is that the bartender the night we were in was good looking and very friendly guy with exceptional service." Please get someone better! Looks don't beat good service."  crispy are the best wings I've ever had anywhere. Absolute perfection....finished on the grill the way a wing should be."  (some bald tool) of this place told my friend he had to leave. This was after loading the jukebox and ordering drinks. If you enjoy alcoholic bars this is for you. And by alcoholic I mean ""owner"" specifically."  great people. Love this place!"  atmosphere and friendly people who go there. I will keep going back again and again to this neighborhood gem!"  and perfectly toned attitude. The wings are superior. There is no happy hour - I kind of like that. I used to go to a place that had a sign up that said ""No happy hour 4pm to 6pm.""  I felt at home. It was crowded  but still a great place to get some food. Kind of dive-y. Parking is difficult." JTs is the best bar to go to whether it's for HH during the week or on the weekend. Always a great atmosphere with the absolute best wings of all time- the works or medium! I love it so much that I ask for JTs gift cards for holidays! A wonderful little neighborhood bar in an exceptional location. The wings are some of the best in town. Great crowd of regulars and friendly bartenders. Love the vibe in here.  but meaty enough that a dozen will likely fill you up. We enjoyed the spicy honey BBQ and the works (kind of a mashup of other sauces It's a solid local joint. I was there on a Wednesday evening and seemed to be the only person who wasn't a regular. Service was alright. Nothing to rave about but not terrible either. Will visit for another round of their suicide wings. Awesome local bar!  Surprisingly good food! Grilled wings and tacos!   Bathrooms are clean! The only drawback was the amount of time we waited for our food which was probably about 45-60 minutes. The waiter apologized and let us know that a ton of take out orders were put in right before we arrived but it does make me leery about going back during dinner and receiving a timely meal. Regardless we will return but maybe at a less peak time Favorite wing spot in Phoenix!  Thanks to my good friend Robbi G. who turned me onto this place.  but constant reasonable pricing. I can explain: happy hour already means that a place gets too crowded at that time and there is no way to have a rest enjoying you drinks. I prefer coming to bar whenever I want to! JT's Bar & Grill has vigorous energy and it feels like home  good times and good people. They have beer and food and games. The guac rules. Everything rules and everyone should go here. I am adding more words so this review will be accepted. Yay Yelp."  the place is rather small and the service was a little slow but this is understandable because it was packed...the music was also very good.." Great place for a night out on the town! I don't recommend bringing in a big group unless you call ahead and ask if they have room. It's a very small and narrow place."  wings are bomb and service is amazing!!!!  Love that you can pick your own music as well....bonus!!!" "I've always considered myself a bit of a dive bar aficionado.  I love the complete and total lack of pretension that comes with them.  They exist for one reason and one reason only.  To get you fucked up.  That's why I was so pleased to find this little gem just stumbling distance from my house.  Emphasis on the word ""find"" because you would never notice this place if you weren't specifically looking for it.  It's a tiny little hole in the wall sandwiched between a scuba school and some little collectible shop that doesn't look like it's been opened since Nixon was in office.  You have to park around the back.  When you walk in there's a bar a few tables qOE7oX1lIVUJUYvSwFy5Wg  I still love them for everything they aren't."  the stares from the regular customers made me uncomfortable and the only thing dive bar about it is the stinky bathroom."  it's the Little Woody.  Another pretentious take over."  this place is okay for a local dive. It's punk-friendly and has plenty of bar games (pool  3 bucks for gin and tonics and most other mixed drinks. A shuffleboard game  go next door and order wings and eat them in the parking lot and put the chicken bones in your purse.  NOW Absolutely the antithesis of Scottsdale fussiness." A bonus: even though the bar is considered a dive  a very interesting dive bar with a colorful mix of clients. If I still lived on that side of town  the TVs work and the people are friendly. I dig it!"  it reminded me of a neighborhood bar up in Alaska where one seeks refuge in the darkness of it from the weather outdoors and the traffic of tourists. And I wouldn't call this place a dive. It's just not a modern slick bar  and all the neighborhood drunks were very welcoming and friendly here."  I was kind of surprised that the bartender actually called the cops but hey good for her. Overall the night was fairly fun it had it's ups and downs most people there were trying to have a god time and I think everyone did for the most part. If you like a good hard cheap drink this is a good place to go  atmosphere or anything really... except that as far as Dive Bars go A real bar! Great drink prices.  I am sure her trailer (if she lived in a trailer) would look alot like this bar. Everything tinged with a hue of grey from the years of cancer sticks being offered up with well drinks by her trucker friends and their kids. Collections of debris/life scattered around and odd papers pinned to walls - oh and weird fish tanks that are so clean they make their surroundings look even more crusty.  The staff is cool though - even if they don't really work there but have ""filled in"" for 20 years....they make it worth a drink." It's quaint and drinks are reasonable. The bartenders are still nice and free pour a great cocktail.  The jukebox plays good music.  It reminds me of a beloved bar in Alaska on a winter night because it is warm & dark inside and the walls are wood paneled.  And the bartender offers to call you a cab after 2 drinks when I cashed out.  relax and have fun.  We've met some cool people there for sure and I definitely plan on continuing to frequent the place...well 4vZZjr6IZAk4riT0DB8MbQ I would definitely go back on any dive bar crawl.  - also try Darwins just two doors down!"  and other games to play. There is a huge fish tank and several TVs for any sports game... They serve hot nuts  shuffleboard and darts. Go place to if you're thirsty and low on cash. I can't make any promises as to how you'll feel in the morning but you'll still have money in your wallet." - fellow customer offering to give you a tattoo right there This is my... F*&% it let's go to the bar... bar."  but what do you expect with a dive bar? Over all it does have a good atmosphere. I like that the back has a smoking area... although they could use a couple chairs out there. Good cheap place with friendly people & somewhere good to go where u dont need to dress to impress. Very casual. Relaxed."  but if need a hot chick or studly dude to serve you up some drinks then carry on my friends.  This is a place where you got friends at low places -- Enjoy!"  either. People will leave you alone if that's what you're after. Or if you want to talk they'll gladly talk." From the outside this place can look a little intimidating  but be wary of the jukebox and don't expect any niceties depending on the bartender." Stop in and say hi. I promise you'll love it." So very many bday parties here for the regulars. Thank the gods for water w lime. I'm just here to drop off bday cupcakes :)  but cheap drinks comes at the price at bartenders who were slow to customers and smartass about that.  Every bar has a different appeal Do not ever step into this establishment if you are not a white conservative. Would highly suggest this bar to advertise I know!!" "Horrible. If there were less than one star then i could be more accurate. I've never been treated worse by a bartender. Trashy bar. Smells like an ashtray. Came in with some coworkers to shoot pool at the end of the night. Went to play our last game and she said this is your last game and looked at me and said she already told me that  laid back atmosphere. Also.... Wait for it cheap (strong) drinks!!!!! After u finish drinking u can stumble over to Zipps to soak up the booze. WIN WIN!!!!" The regulars are all cool In the meantime go to the NOOK  modern remodel and great location to get food before or after. If they had some food 5 stars." Please please please please please bring back the dart board game. I heard a rumor it wasn't coming back post renovation and my whole group of friends was crushed! WE LOVE COMING TO DRINK AND PLAY DARTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Open late...I guess I found my local dive bar "This place WAS the best dive bar in phoenix now it's just ok... if it's not broken  flat screen TVs and etc. The bartender was super nice and provided excellent customer service. We will definitely be returning back." "Been coming here since I was 20.. I'm now..... Yeah nice try. If you want to quick drink with nice people try the DD. They have recently remodeled so it had a great spanky (clean) look about it. Also Well done on the remodel. They kept the small bar feel but updated a bit. Still has the pool table () and basically the same people minus a few that should be gone anyways (yes I said  it) but I still love to dilly at the dally.  fun!!! Friendly staff and a big fish tank to zone out to when sitting at the bar... oh  drinks and beer selection sucks I could go to circle k and find better beer....jukebox doesn't even work cause it saves up hundreds of songs from the past so if you want to listen to something buy it a week before....if your looking for warm beer I wish this establishment well but you missed the mark with people like me. If it wasn't broke Miss the ole bartenders"  and well priced. Love that they have a shuffleboard table too!" be on the lookout for randy. he'll probably talk to you"  lots of drink specials. If you like playing pool or darts this place is for you." The crowd is always friendly and the service is usually top notch."  perhaps the OBR can rise again... you let me know...."  there's a slight incline that's easy to get tripped up on. :-O  Regulars will back me up on this."  probably. I don't know that I'd go out of my way to get there If you want a good cheap breakfast this is the place to go. There food is very good and reasonably priced. I try to get there at least once a weekend. Very nice atmosphere. Seems like a good neighborhood hang out.  this place is pretty awesome once you get past the dark RIeWXLMHZQlYprYt1x2f1w  BBQ Beef w/ fries and Cole slaw. It was okay. The slaw was actually better than many places it had flavor beyond just mayo. The half pitcher of beer was cold. The bartender/waitress was friendly and had a sense of humor. The jukebox was playing and it was pumping out a great selection of classic rock hits. The place is pretty big. The bathroom is tiny and somewhat dingy. There must be 20 TVs there to watch. They have karaoke one night a week and have pretty good size stage/floor for that. They have a daily special and offer their cheap raved about breakfasts meals until 2pm daily. Half price on some appetizers as of 3pm and discount drinks. Place is a bit dark but clean. There is one pool table and two arcade games. It seems to me that it must be a serious drinking place because it doesn't offer much to do in the amount of space that is there. Oh and there is plenty of bar space to belly up to  they were cooked okay. Could have done a more presentable delivery of the meal at home. Have seen a more presentable job done at many other eateries through out the USA at independently owned or chain restaurants. So I'm in no rush to return here for the breakfast  including the interesting mix of patrons and wait staff. Even the just two choices of jam (concord grape or strawberry) seemed fitting. We were there before 10 am when alcohol could be served "This place is great!  If I want breakfast (served until 2pm!) it's hard to come up with something that sounds better than the Brass Rail.  It's cheap and it's straight forward  friendly service under $10 - - priceless.  It has a ton of old sports flags from all leagues and teams ... very clean (including the bathroom).  This place is kinda outta the way but definitely worth it.  All my friends visiting will experience this place at one point or another (closer to PHX :)"  you get the added bonus of checking out an old school cigarette vending machine on your way out.  I hope to return to Train Tracks of Brass Railroad Bar soon." This place gets 2 thumbs up from me!"  but I feel like it is a secret spot so don't tell your friends ;)  if you are in the area looking for a drink then definitely stop by." RIeWXLMHZQlYprYt1x2f1w It's cheap and is open at 6 a.m.  This is pretty much the only pros I can think of this place. I love this place. They have the cheapest and best breakfast food I've ever had. They make the best bacon in all the land!!  but the drinks are strong and the service is always friendly and on point." "Maybe it's because I was drinking heavily (which is NOT a usual occurance!) but I really liked this little hole in the wall!  The server was fantastic!  She kept our glasses filled at just the right times (which was way too many!)  I don't think most people tip well here because she was shocked with a good cash tip. (So when you go...be nice and tip well!)   The bathroom was clean  and the wait staff are always attentive. I have only visited during breakfast hours "Came here with a friend yesterday for breakfast. The food was good and the service was excellent. They have lots of televisions so I was able to watch the inauguration and highlights from the playoff games while I enjoyed my food. They have a standard two egg  but the poor ventilation left me smelling like greasy hash browns.  Was misled by the sign that indicated that this was a sports bar.   It's not I love places like Brass Rail and wish I had one right down the street from my house."  watch out for the floor/handicapped ramp as you enter/exit the building. It'll get ya!"  place. This is not a fancy place. This is not ""let's go here after church"" place. I don't even know if there's a dress code. There's charm and character tho. If you're in this neck of the woods and hangry check it out!"  and the karaoke was fun and had a receptive crowd. While not going to be a regular haunt The working man's breakfast hole that has been feeding locals cheaply  since long before many of us could identify Phoenix on the map.  If I was ever a location scout and needed a seedy local dive bar from which my main characters could procure a map from an unkempt local in order to launch their adventure i would start here.  its been spotty so I think I'll give it some time before I try them again.. :/" I also hope to check the place out in the evening." This place has great service..yummy breakfast..and a kick back atmosphere.  I love it here! Love this joint. Best breakfast for the buck. BnB Breakfast aNd Beer. Love the staff. Yay tacos. "Down-home live music dive that's family owned and offers a great value for the money. Cheap drinks Breakfast is great and good music." Fun looking place. Horrible experience. Came for st paddy's. Old waitress made sure to ignore us as we stood by the bar until it was too obvious she was ignoring us. She gave us our beers and closed me out without offering to keep it open.(I planned on staying longer). While enjoying our beers outside patio we steered clear away from the smokers to enjoy outside. One regular made sure to come all the way to stand next to our table and smoke. Obviously if ur not a regular you not welcome here.  came back for the massive nachos with chicken!  Our server was sweet and took great care of us.  My friend had the club sandwich that did not disappoint.  Awesome lunch gem!" Fantastic Sunday breakfast with great service and yummy bloodys  and mimosas. Very friendly place and open early! They have a full bar as well. Dive bar near Wal mart and home depot.... Great breakfast  specials.... Bartenders have always been friendly and fast... Seems like it has lots regulars but accepts us that drop in. Medium rare on burger was pushing rare beer specials on domestics are dirt cheap haven't had wings yet  porkchops and it's all very good. The place has a good vibe. The staff and patrons are friendly.  The only thing is the service can be slow and I've experienced the karaoke host skipping people(I've paid attention) but if you want great food at somewhat reasonable prices I came all the way from L.A. & they was closed!! For a a whole week!!! I'm really disappointed. The food is bomb. How's a place like this going to be closed for a week??? You need to open asap! "A friend brought me here for breakfast and I was impressed.  Not much in the outside  which could be a problem if you have been emphasizing the ""bar"" over the ""grill"". The Ole Brass Rail's dcor could be termed sports bar basic Still good service friendly staff good variety in menu choices.... Had full slab rib dinner for 16 corn toast beans Cole slaw and full rack... You can tell the sauce is chef recipe and not just bottle. Tastes like a Kansas vinegar based bbq mop sauce. Nice and tender. I would get it again . Still seems like Lotta regulars plenty of tvs snf game on with sound. Most everyone sits at the bar. Handful of tables could probably seat 50-75 total on avg 10-20 people I love this place. Foods always great bartenders are so nice. Bloody Mary's are amazing ! I always stick to the biscuits and gravy  multiple tables waiting for their orders to be taken. A hello or a be right with you would have gone a long way "Great breakfast for the price!  Everyone seemed to be enjoying their four dollar bloody Marys.  The OK was fresh.  Lots of friendly films Bad service. Been in this place many times. Drive from laveen. I always come in with my Starbucks coffee and order a bloody marry and breakfast. Well today I was asked to leave I asked the lady you really gonna kick me out for bringing in my coffee? I even ordered a drink. She was in a bad mood for some reason I was asked to leave again. Slow hole in wall spot like this should be happy people return to continue to pass their business along. Well today they lost my business from now on. Been coming here for 5yrs. Never had this issue. I get it if I didn't order a drink but the fact is that was the first thing I ordered was a drink and still told I couldn't have my coffee. I have been to the brass rail several times but today is the last time for me. The baby boomer waitress acted like it was an inconvenience to her that I was there. The owner was called over because I wanted  a substitution.  He said he would fire the waitress who had been serving me the meal I had requested in the past. (Is 1 biscuit with gravy instead of hash browns really that difficult? ). I wasn't asking for anything for free. The previous non-baby boomer waitress gave me a small up charge and I got the food I had requested. Today I was flatly told no. Incredible.  the drinks are cheap and the old Phoenix atmosphere is free.  You got to try once to say you've gone there."  and choice of bread) to $5.  Last time we went though the food wasn't so bad.  If it's still hit or miss though  but with a group of friends it made it easier. It's a place that people can just have fun and sing and not have to be in total performance mode--just com and enjoy singing. Had the French dip and it was reliable. Drinks were fine and plentiful. Service was nice and fast. Had a good time." "This seat yourself places serves traditional bar food with great prices and good service. My chicken sandwich was juicy and flavorful.  Plus they have crinkle fries! They serve breakfast until 2 and even though we didn't try it "Best breakfast place. You get a lot at a low price. Been going for years now. Service is great RIeWXLMHZQlYprYt1x2f1w  they do well. And judging from the packed parking lot at each visit  my favorite. Worth the short drive from mid Scottsdale. Eggs Benedict is delish!  The hollandaise Was in this morning for breakfast and the $5 breakfast option didn't disappoint.  The place appeared clean and we only waited for a minute or so before we were waited on by our server. There appeared to be lots of regulars and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves and their food/beverages.  It was my first time and will be back.  Hoping to make it our weekend soccer viewing bar as well.  but who cares about that when you have your Blue Moon with an orange slice sitting next to you while you are playing nudie photo seek and James Hetfield is singing about war? Not this girl."  have a cheep beer.  Watch some cash cab on the TV and play some tunes.." It is a little divey.  One of the women's bathroom stalls doesn't lock and the music selection can be questionable.  But drinks are decently  priced and it's never been overcrowded."  and the huge smoking patio put this place over the top - 5 stars.  Dive bar heaven."   locals kind of place. Everyone was friendly except one drunk young guy who was acting kind of territorial. My buddies said it was the best Bloody Mary they've had."  makes awesome drinks and keeps the bar so clean.. I've been there many times and have had the best service and the best drinks when she's behind the bar!!!  Thank you Joellyn"  darts AND pinball.  Without previous Yelp help and despite a domestic dispute unfolding in the parking lot It's ideal for a Sunday night in a big hoodie with an old friend or two and a pitcher (or three)."  complete with pool table and darts.  A good place for day-drinking or night drinking.  Jukebox is filled with your classic rock and metal choices.  Decent drink prices as I recall."  service is quick and prices better then reasonable (kudos to the owners). Probably the best feature of Dizzy's is the crowd E5QyEU6FCQwnTys0S73zNw This place is a great dive bar. We love the drink prices and the people here are laid back and cool. (no need to worry about any fights that I could tell) Highly recommend if you like dive bars. Also they have pool tables and darts. Dizzy's is pretty much a solid bet on all these items except for all the damn country music that some patrons think is listenable."  Ive never heard of someone asking for a ""Rum N Pepsi"" before.  So yes.. 1 star is for my diet pepsi!!  :)" Pleasantly surprised.....with this little find!  We went there to see a friend from out of town play for a fundraiser for a child who is ill.  It's definitely something you'd find near the beach.  $3 drafts...and full bar.  Packed house....just North of the Vig UpTown.  Definitely a casual dive and fun too!  have cool clientele and you can order a Totino's frozen pizza for $3 if you're hungry late at night."  has pool tables and darts and a jukebox. So I honestly don't know what's not to like about Dizzy's. I'm going to make a conscious effort to come here more often Free pool twice a week. Cheap drinks all week. Bill keeps the felt and sticks in good shape. The darts are top notch as well. No kitchen. I think the owner should look into a little fryer/oven for some more bar snacks but great place to enjoy a couple cold ones with friends.Nice and dark so everyone looks good after a couple rounds. Dizzys is such a great little bar with great prices. All the bartenders there are amazing and extremely friendly. Its great for a fun friday night or even for a cold dark place to hang out in the middle of the day to escape the heat. It is now a home away from home for me and I would recommend it to anyone. If you're in the area and looking to munch on some wings and a beer or two "I pass by this place every day on my way back to hotel so decided to check it out early this week.  Food is alright  and a very friendly staff.  They also have free wifi.  I guess that means you can bet on the internet about the sports you are watching while you drink and watch with friends."  and the lack of understanding by the management.   The food isn't enough to get me back  but isn't the worst.  I do have to say that the wait staff is very friendly.  It is a good place to go after work to have a few drinks and watch a game." I don't know of anywhere in my area that has the trivia/touch screen games anymore.  I sit here and play poker online and bluff my way to beating everybody's ass most of the time.  Great fun!"  there were a couple of Eagles fans in the group :-)).  Service was friendly but slow.  It didn't help that the waitress assignments changed for some of our group partway through the game.  The place was packed and everything was stretched to the limit.  Glassware became a problem and for a while beer came in room temperature glasses and mixed drinks were coming in whatever vessel could be found.  From what I saw and tasted of the food it was all OK except for the one salad I saw come out We will be back! And when College football starts again we will be turning this into a ""buckeyes"" bar!"  then hands-down these are the best nachos in the Valley. (If you like real cheese on your nachos Damn.... I still can't choose between a 3 and 4 .... I know I will be back ... I'm going with 3 and if I'm impressed next time F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A As long as the don't run out of glasses again of course..." Overall I like Gallagher's it's a great place for some bar food and few beers." I haven't been here other than for lunches  I will be back to continue my assault on my digestive track."  and this place will get more stars.  I should note that I am quite sure they messed up my check.  The beers were supposed to each be $4 F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A "I come back because the ladies pour a good whiskey & 7 and the wings are awesome. The Happy hour drink prices also get me to return. I like the decor of the bar and it draws a good regular crowd. Not into the off-site track beating but it's there. Both the bartenders I have dealt with have been really nice and made an effort to remember my name on a later visit. That's pretty nice If i am ever back in this area I will be back."  the green beer was flowing as one might expect at a discounted rate. There was a corn beef & cabbage plate special being offered up as well as the usual menu items and the Wed .40 cent wing deal they now have started. There was St Paddys day decoration and give aways from happy hour into the evening. A fun and lively pub it was. My only complaint was that drinks were all being served in limp little plastic cups; mixed drinks and the beer."  bar food.   Kind of dead but it seemed like many places in Phoenix are these days.  Likely a function of the economy and the degree to which Phoenix is overbuilt."  it seemed like a fun idea.  Highly enjoyed Gallagher's!  I had a fantastic beer on draft for $2.50.  Hard to beat that price!  Then I ordered the smoked meat platter with pulled pork (BBQ sauce).  It came with two sides and there were many great ones to choose from.  I decided on the sweet potato fries and the BBQ beans.  Really loved their BBQ sauce and would order the meat platter again.  The true highlight was their spicy BBQ beans.  They were so flavorful! The only person that makes beans comparable is my mom. My mom's are the BEST but Gallagher's comes in 2nd place.  Service was prompt and there are lots of TV's so it makes it very easy to watch a game and enjoy your meal.  If I lived in Phoenix  it was pretty good.  Not spicy at all.  I ordered the Chicken Cordon Blu Sandwich for dinner.  The sandwich is big and tons of fries on the side.  The sandwich was ok (enough chicken  quality atmosphere.  Not all that busy but that made it easier to converse with our friends.  Good place to meet up with friends and have a relaxing evening."  price was rite. They had this raspberry mayo for the sweet potato fries..really creative and yumny. Lots of chicken wing sauce choices...i like to try new things. I will go back."  service is great and it's all walks of life in there as far as customers go so you'll always be entertained.  even if you see the parking lot is packed there is a TON of seating so don't let that fool you ..."  as they always are and i ventured out one night with a burger and had no complaints there either. If you're a sports fan or you gamble  but noisy kids friendly it seems. The wings are good."  the food wasn't very good either. We spent most of our time waiting. Our appetizer was the last thing brought out  and accompanied by garlic bread. I think this place has potential but I ordered wrong. I sat at the bar and service was mediocre. Price was pretty low though. Good place to watch the game." Without a doubt the rudest wait staff I have ever been around.  Skip this place!  and I had a burger which was eh...nothing to write home about. The bartender kept pulling up her skirt and showing the guys at the bar her st patty's day panties...oh well  I love the Tortilla Club Wrap and their seasoned fries (dipped in chipotle ranch).  Do not order the sliders... they tasted wierd.  It never gets packed.  A lot of the regulars go there for the Off-Track Betting.  During the football season it is a great low key place to watch the game if you don't want to deal with all those loud and obnoxious fans."  it came out black but being adventurous i tried it thinking it was a different kind of breading. Boy was i wrong! It was completely burnt. So we sent it back our other food came out and then the new calamari came out.  Much better this time until we got down to the plate. It was the old plate I read all of the reviews and while in Phoenix decided to go to this establishment. Was really excited by the menu.........the service was horrible.....food took forever! Will not return.  you won't be disappointed but won't get overly exciting. The buffalo Chicken Pizza is pretty awesome but could also kill you. The staff is friendly and accommodating and they have a decent selection of beers and daily specials."  and the sound system was horrible for karaoke.  They need to close down I learned two things--never order a salad from a bar (unless it is a salad bar) "It's kind of divey but the buffalo wings are amazing On karaoke night there is this older gentleman who belts out all your favorite grunge tunes from the 90's. I don't like karaoke but this is a treat  was a fun place to be for Thursday night Football. Food was so-so but the friendliness and locals who hang there were great. Definitely a place to go for an Arizona Team game! Thanks Y'all for making me feel welcome even if I was only here for a few days."  honestly. This place gets two stars for being an average/below average sports bar chain with nothing much to offer. Their business model needs an update ZREDycnu3rhgDvhBdcm4wA Best boneless wings ever. Great staff and great prices  and it is loud and obnoxious. This place has pretty much run it's course. Time for it to close and re-open as something else. Hopefully under new ownership. And minus the karaoke." Boneless wings are delicious however does not make up for the crappy service. Waitress was unfriendly and too busy. Threw a printed piece of paper my way when I asked what was on tap and seemed preoccupied with her kids talking to her. Rarely checked back probably because my boyfriend and I are younger and she assumed wed be bad tippers because all the tables around us got plenty of attention. Here's the kicker michelob ultra is considered a premium here. I'm a bartender in the majority of the bars that I frequent and work for this is not the case. When I asked for a manager her attitude was snotty about it. I won't be back.  over cooked and hard fried.  Service was shameful.  I was by myself and practically ignored.  Go somewhere else.  The prices aren't that great.  There are plenty of better establishments for drinks and appetizers." Never coming back for a special event here. I did go to the 7th St and Union Hills location for Preakness and had a MUCH better experience. Get your act together on 16th St and I could be persuaded to try again."  dont go here just plain and simple because the service absolutely sucks and the management and other employess obviously do not care how their restaurant is portrayed." It is too bad that there are no zero stars options." i will only give it 2 stars b/c the dj for karoake was awesome and the food was good. on the negatives-some of the worst service i've ever had and i've been to a lot of bars/restaurants. the server repeatedly forgot my tables drinks. at one point i just went up to the bar to get a refill-it was so much quicker. my fiance went to get my one drink that was sitting at the bar for 10 minutes when she saw that she got it and gave it to me saying there was computer problems-hmm yea right. i had to ask for my check twice because i was waiting for 20 minutes for it. just terrible and i could on but i'll spare you. trust me i was a server for years so i understand getting slammed but it wasn't busy and she should've asked for help and not made up that there was computer problems. also i got a mixed drink and so did my friend and it didn't taste like any alcohol. despite all this my friends and i still had a really good time b/c of karoake. still don't think ill be back there anytime soon. F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A "Awesome wings! Try the raspberry chipotle...   Service is hit or miss Love this place.  It's always comfortable and service is great.  Food was awesome and coldest beers in town.  sports on TV and prices. Not too bad.  What else can you ask for?"  the food was very good. But the service was slow.  We had to get back to work and we were late getting back."  no one even addressed us. It was not busy so there's no reason for them to have such horrible service. Don't go here!" I would recommend to anyone."  but its about 50/50 with the servers about half being polite and the other half just acting like they really didn't want to be there much less serve you. However when drinks are $2.75 a piece  yummy food and a great place to watch football. Very attentive wait staff."  I haven't dropped by just to ""have a beer"" but will be sure to update with some feedback on that as well. I will say that their beer selection is quite good though. No complaints whatsoever!"  very polite & offered great beer & food suggestions. If you come here on any weekday - ask for the special -today its Tuesday thus "July 5th while dining at Gallaghers on 7575 n 16 St there was a cockroach in our water. While the waiter was fantastic in handling this disgusting discovery the manager did not bother to come and talk to us and decided that comping one domestic beer and  a 6 dollar happy hour entree was sufficient. In addition iusXNXCQnCsL4sAopjKAvg  would you like to order food.  He said nothing to us.  But went around to all other tables.  Bartender went had a cigarette played on her phone but never asked us if we were doing ok or what would you like to order(since we specifically asked for a menu).   By the way my husband ordered a bud light I wish I could find somewhere in Northern California that made chicken wings as great as these were I just can't stop saying enough about how much I enjoyed the boneless chicken wings and you get to pick your own sauce." Good selection of beer but the service sucks plan accordingly and add an additional hour to get you food and anybody to come and take your order and bring your bill.  This has happened on more than one occasion. Don't care to ever come back.  if you are not a regular good luck. They should be ashamed of the way they way they treat people. The best advice I can give is for a fun night out go anywhere but here! The food is horrible  I like this place. Fish tacos and the kabobs are good!  Friday night Karioke is just not my thing but it does get a crowd. Join their affinity program and get points toward future purchases. Saves a few bucks here and there.  because we didn't want to send it back and wait another 45 minutes.  Three other people ordered the Cobb Salad off the Daily Special  .. the sizes and cost of the salads were all different.  ???   There are no prices listed on the Daily Specials...don't be fooled they are 5 We made a mistake going there. My wife read lousy reviews but went anyway since close to hotel and a place to watch basketball. The food was not good and wife felt sick next day. Very bland boneless wings that were small pieces and no flavor. The pizza was acceptable. The lettuce was terrible. Limp is one way to describe it. The baked potato was served on a bed of ?We were not sure what it was. Service was fine . Beer cold. It was odd that twice they came to our table trying to deliver someone else's food. We did watch basketball and had many televisions.  but food is typical of what you should expect in a sports bar. If a meal is not on you to do list "Great beers on tap and a solid place to watch a game "Went here with a buddy to watch the NHL playoffs on a Saturday. We sat at the bar roughly around 6pm. We each had several drinks and planned on staying for food also when a family of around 12-15 people came in and they put together tables so they can all sit in the bar. Had no issue with that until one of the toddlers started crying non-stop. This went on for around 30 minutes and the parents did nothing to stop the child F-ykHfGY9lWr12OJ_Ofy7A  but the food was terrible.  Nacho cheese was wiz and buffalo chicken tenders were undercooked. Not sure why  had HORRIBLE diarrhea and stomach aches!!!! This lasted a couple hours! NEVER AGAIN WILL I EAT AT THIS PLACE!!! EVER!!!!!"  hit this place up.  There are few places in America where you will see this environment.  Everyone is welcoming and nice "We always have a great time at Fiddler's Dream. Not your traditional coffee house ...Love ! Love! Love!" "in a non descript school house at a Quaker Church compound that's it's so easy to miss it unless you know of the place. Parking's tight with both private lot and a neighborhood street available. Walking in I love it when the old guys play they are amazing guitarists"  a vietnam era veteran. He carves his own flutes "Very disappointing all the way around. This place lost its soul sometime between my last visit 15 years ago and sept 2015. They had zero people in the audience TIP: I saw one couple both do the challenge and they used forks to take the meat off the bone sntead of getting the sauce all over their lips and face. They were smart!! I'd do it like them if I ate wings!!"  to the guy who looks like Jesus and had the 1st place record for eating some absurd amount of these (100 maybe?): bravo The real challenge here was trying to make it through all 13 wings while a rather large women in a mini-skirt showed off her pool playing abilities.  That deserves a waiver of its own!" I firmly believe the cooks are Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  Dr. Jekyll does a great job in the kitchen and I am a fan of his work.   The buffalo shrimp and fajitas are AWESOME.   But man-o-man do I hate it when Mr. Hyde is working...he forgets to keep the kitchen fully stocked and he can't even make a salad!" I have a challenge to any restaurant that has the guts to take it.  I want to a spicy food challenge worthy of the valley of the sun home of 120 degree temps.  Any takers?" It's unfortunate. I was really looking forward to this  the ""special"" is a 50cents discount off the full price.  Our group also experienced the sewage odor that was noted by previous reviewers.  Staff were adequate and offered basic service. Margaritas were nothing to write home about." "Eeeeh maybe I'm not the sports bar type... But idk about Peppers.. Only had a couple of beers with my friends here at happy hour.. Ambience.. Umm well  tasty.... what more can you want???"  but so far nothing on their menu is something that I have to have.  You know that feeling you get where you have to have something that you crave and you must have now  food was cold and was impossible to get a refill on drinks. Next time we are craving Chili's we will drive a few extra miles and go to the Chili's at PV Mall." _BU867oRCLZnDIRmg7S6Wg We will continue to eat at Chili's & order take out from time to time since the location is so convenient." Oh and the fries were cold both times. Like not even ""to go"" cooled...we live 3 blocks from the place!"  we would usually go here once a week for chips and salsa and buffalo wings and a couple of drinks. Now that we are married The food wad meh and frankly I couldn't get past the dirt factor. ....tables So after staying at this location for 2 hours or so because of the long wait for everything i am slightly scared to go back to any chilis but i love their strawberry lemonade so its hard to refuse based on one girls performance or lack of.  As i finish my review on their not good food quality and piss poor service i cannot help but notice another girl had the same issue in june and i almost wonder if we had the same female who had waited on us and literally waited before taking our orders and giving us anything. If i went to this location which i highly doubt we will "as far as ""sit down"" fast food goes. it wasnt bad.. it was the first one in a while i went to where the food was actually good and the staff was nice. id go back.." "Oh Chili's. You really let me down this past Friday night. From the cheese fries being old (as if they had been reheated and reserved)  to the cooler than average steak. I did send the cheese fries back  and got a piping hot new order but I didn't send back the steak for fear of what may have been done to it after sending back the fries and also for fear that it would come out a hockey puck. I will say that even though it was not as warm as it should have been I rarely interact with restaurant employees but I made some small talk with her during the few minutes she wasn't busy. I paid the bill when I was done with my meal and gave her a generous tip. she deserved it This location has always been pretty good.  The food is fresh and tasty and the service is great!  I don't go here often but when I do they have the gluten free menu readily available for me and they know what items are on it (or I'm lucky and get the right waiters!)  Love the lunch combos!  Great value! _BU867oRCLZnDIRmg7S6Wg wqQ-50Sjf9ol3SYaPbA1YQ  food took longer then usual but was great once it arrived.  But after being at the fair all day it was good to sit down!" One star only because I cant put zero and the waitress didn't ask us to pay for our iced tea." "Got good fast service and I love the southwestern egg rolls! Don't know why so many bad reviews It's a chain restaurant what do you expect? ..... Chips and salsa to go... Watching the cowboys hot chips seems like good start Been to this location a few times and only sit in the bar area. The food and service are always great. Even when the bar is packed they're always on their A game! "Food was good but fries were barely warm. Server was good The service was a bit slow...I was in the bar area. And he was slow on the blackberry tea refills. Nothing spectacular about this Chili's and the service didn't knock my socks off so...three stars." We'll be back...many more times!" Needs to learn how to fix drinks instead of arguing about it...specially when someone in training is making them and he didn't offer to help or fix the matter....."  as were the prices. Shared the 2 for $20 with my husband & left full. I had the chicken fajitas & he had the honey chicken crisper things. Also had the cookie skillet for dessert  so that any time she craves this type of food she can look at it and remind herself that we can eat much better and cheaper at home. Or at least at a restaurant that gives us our money's worth." Food ok. Service ok. Customer service was lacking."  our waiter was really nice and attentive. We ordered the trio dipper and the new bacon avacado chicken sandwich on a pretzel bun. The pretzel bun was super rock hard and was not pleasant to eat because it was cutting the roof of my mouth but we kept the dish anyways. The trip dipper came with honey chipotle wings  they tasted even worse. I end up ordering a chicken salad and my friend something like a rice black bean bowl. I was brought a huge salad that looked awful and tasted worse. Just wilted lettuce and chicken (that tasted like it was old). I ate two bites and had had enough. The waitress had no desire to provide us with any level of service and kept on coming back to us almost rushing us to leave. This was almost the worse dining experience ever! Stay Away! $30 for a awful appetizer and two entrees. Never again." The service is always great and the food is always perfect!!" Needless to say the newer manager didn't do a damn thing no discount no apology absolutely nothing. What was supposed to be just lunch ended up into an early dinner because of their constant mistakes. I never have had a problem here so this was disappointing to say the least. I even remember when the manager who was there at the time first started & it wasn't too long ago and even then he was completely useless with a very unruly customer who was a constant disruption. Seriously bring back the Chili's I'm used to!!" I try to make it here at least once a week. Consistently good quality food and great service every time I've been in. Pretty good happy hour menu but I usually do their dinner for 2 promotions and Presidente margaritas. "I waited at the front for about 10 minutes before someone finally noticed me. Our service was very attentive.. almost too attentive. They kept interrupting me and my boyfriend to consistently refill our already full waters. We had probably 3 different servers that night and although it was 10pm  chunky ring on the inside of it- remnants from another drink of some kind. Nothing makes me shudder more than eating/drinking off a dirty dish at a restaurant." Love this chili's. Friendly bar staff and always quick to serve. Victoria it's the best!  we were not worth his time. I had to walk up to the bar to get my food warmed up and had to wait 10-15 mins to get a refill on salsa after I initially requested it. It also took him another 10 mins or so to bring the bill after I initially requested it. He didn't have a problem stopping at other tables within the bar area to make small talk "Great service and food! We have never had an issue and are always happy to return. There is something to be said about good customer service Worst dining experience ever. NFC AFC championship games playing and very few customers in the restaurant. Food was not cooked to order. Brought out the wrong food. Not once. Twice. Kitchen was a complete disarray. Wait staff had no idea what was going on. Server was trying her hardest but to no avail. Absolute disaster. Always come here to eat with family when ever I come to visit them. Love the food and the service. The new menu look pretty delicious.  they have definitely stepped up their game. Our waitress was Savannah and boy was she amazing. She thought about bringing sides of ranch for my daughter before we even did! Drinks were great and she seemed like an expert on the menu. She even helped me choose my meal which was the sirloin with grilled avocado. Never thought I'd say it "The staff was so nice and everything was cook cooked well and fast. They're new ""tablets"" are helpful seeing what the meal looks like and helps paying a breeze."  and we all had a blast.  Sat in the bar area.  Savannah was our server and she was just great Been having lunch here for quite a while.  I am impressed with the staff it seems they have all been there for a very long time.  I really like the changes they are making. Really good food and great service. I've only been here twice so far and the second visit I got my dessert free because of their rewards program. We saved about $7. Definitely worth signing up for and actually coming in to eat. This Chili's is awful. The service is ridiculous and the food is gross. I have tried three various times to eat here and each time was a disappointment. The food did not taste good at all. The service was slow and rude. When I spoke to the manager to advise him that we did not have a good experience he hung up on me. so i ate here about a month ago for my dads birthday dinner this location was awesome ive been to two other and by far this one had great customer service we didn't even have to ask for refills our server would glance over and bring us refills it was great not many places do that i loved the tacos that the server suggested they were great i will definitely be coming back Best service ever. The Food was flavorful. I alway love going to Chili's and I would go back to that location again and again and again. I would strongly advise not to eat here." Ordered a chicken sandwich and thought it was a pretty safe bet. It was not!!!! The chicken was rubber and had me question if was actually chicken. My server looked like he was straight out of prison on work release. So when he recommended that sandwich I should have known better. I'm not sure why I ate here it was my own fault.  Why does anyone eat at these shitty places. No service. All waitresses seemed like they had to buss their own tables. No one is smiling. Food was ok.  normally pretty cheap and they always send you cool coupons for free stuff in your email. I'll always come back here every once in awhile" I hope you guys read this cause your waitress is the shizznit! I don't know her name yet but awesome service ... I guess her name is Angela. Well awesome service !! The food was good but the only reason o give 5 stars is cause of her . Never been to chili's before but will be going back ! Everyone should give her great tips !! "My husband and I come here for the great service at the bar and the margaritas. I must say that Victoria is the BEST bartender I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. She knows what we drink "Seated immediately. Food took quite awhile and came to us jus barely warm. Waitress was basically non existent and forgot to bring us extra napkins completely. Don't plan on dining here again. Not worth it for the price and the booths are poorly set up I regular this place first for their good food and second and the most important for their yummilicious molten chocolate lava dessert ! Oh my just thinking of it makes me want to go there . Me and my husband go there atleast twice ( after restricting ourselves ) every week  just to have the dessert . You have got to try this desert atleast once and I am sure you can't stop having them again and again .  we will be right with you. "" Nothing. They need to train their staff  better!!  Finally we just sat ourselves in the bar. Luckily Dave saved the experience." I go to chilis about twice a month  love the chips and salsa and blackberry tea normally the sercives is great but this time was a complete disaster ! The hostest didnt know our server was going to be and raddles off five names of possible waiters not a big deal just super awkward when the sever eventually did arrive we placed our order after about 20mins appetizers and meal arrive at the exact same time my Boyfriend mashed potatoes had a hair in them(f***ing disgusting) it took so long to get someone's attention that he decided that he would just eat the rest of his food instead and not mention it knowing it would ruin my appetite.durning the whole meal we were checked on ZERO times every time  we tried stopping an employee's including a manger to ask for refills  and more salsa. they rushed right past us the restaurant by no means was backed and even if it was thats no reason to give piss poor service when we did get a mangers attention he seemed very aggravated and rushed never once asked how our meals came out and just hurry up and basically threw our to go boxes on the table .To top this all off there new payment systems on the table wasnt reading my card for i had to walk across the street to the bank where my card worked just fine and didnt get to redeem any point for my puchuse may seem stupid to some people but i love getting points for my puchuse to eventually receive a free desert needless to say we won't be returning any time soon.  ordered the low calorie steak with avocado medium n it cane in medium well I told the waiter and he said well u ate a lot of it (its only a 6 oz with 2 ounces of fat) or else I would've told my manager.. Really! Ya I'm done with chillis all together..!  So many other restaurants to choose from.."  whether it was a long wait for food or the food arriving under cooked. It seems that the kitchen staff needs to get their act together."  we made an effort to make it work but have found several other restaurants willing to meet our needs." Awesome yummy food and good service too. I ate chicken enchilada and margarita change chicken Bowl both dishes served quickly and it was delicious. Waiting time is around 5-10min. "went here yesterday with a date. Food was delicious. We sat at the bar and our server Jessica. had no personality and was a total snobby jerk to us "Great job on a busy Friday night!  I came here to celebrate my birthday and our server was on point.  He kept our drinks flowing and our mouths happy.  The Original Chicken Crispers never disappoint.  I liken the breading to Long John Silvers chicken only way better flavor and much more juicy.  They have a 2 for $20 deal with an appetizer and two entrees.  What a deal!  The only negative I see is that the drinks are a little pricey.  They are pricey enough that we can't get food and cocktails without the bill being huge so I just get soda "Terrible experience! From the attitude of the hostess to the overcooked cheese fries TWICE. Hey atleast I didnt have to pay for the overcooked fries. The manager defended the kitchen the first time by saying they were right out of the oven. Waitress was friendly but once there was an issue with the fries We ordered through their online service. The earliest option to pick our food up was about 15 minutes after We placed the order. I out the pick up about 40 minutes out from when I ordered it. My husband was there before the 7 o'clock pick up time didn't pay until 20 after and they said our food wasn't ready. At one point my husband asked again if she had missed his food and she said she must have lost the order. Turns out our food had been sitting there for 40 minutes and she was calling the WRONG name (even after my husband asked her at one point if that happened to be our order and she said no). She then picked up the food and called the correct name. My husband refused to take the food because it has been sitting there for so long. We understand it's busy but when you can't even process the people in line in a quick manner everything is going to fall apart.  we left full and happy. I will definitely be back for more tacos!" _BU867oRCLZnDIRmg7S6Wg Cassi is the best server I've had at a restaurant in a long time! The food was delicious. The restaurant has been remodeled on the inside...it looks good & it's clean. This Chili's is my fav! "A quick stop with 7 people.  Host greeted and made a special attempt to seat us in the bar area. Our waitress was wonderful.  Cheerful  which has a pretty large and long standing italian populaiton.  The food is a good as any of the old italian places in KC.  Everyone in my group was amazed at the quality of the food for the price.  I will keep this one on my list of places to come back to when I am in AZ again." The best food and the best service. Try the butter nut squash ravioli.  Fantastic"  they have some delicious wines to say it with!" "Thanks to yelp and restaurant.com I decided to go for it on a Friday night. They had a guy on a keyboard in the corner adding to the ambiance he was actually decent. I couldn't give them the last star b/c they were out of a few items we attempted to order (the menu selection is pretty small) the alternates were still tasty though. But it seems like the type of place that has mastered everything on the menu so I don't think you can go wrong. The owner was very friendly -like kiss on the hand friendly :/ awkward. Anyway they are a little pricier than olive garden but well worth it "" but everyone was really friendly to our family. The owner even stopped by once or twice to pinch our son's cheeks.  We live near by and are considering becoming regulars here."  thanks my fellow yelpers.  I was staying down the street at the Tapatio Cliff resort.  I walked into the restaurant on property and wanted something different.  I yanked out my iphone and searched literally down the block this gem was.  I sat at the bar and enjoyed a delightful meal of eggplant parmagiana.  It was filling and the bartender was entertaining.  Next time I am in moon valley I will make a trip over to enjoy this place again." "This place was excellent. The butternut squash ravioli was to die for! The lasagna that my husband had was average  gratuity was automatically added on.  The food was terrible.  How did it get all these great reviews?  It was like one of our exes was the chef that night and wanted us to have the worst meal ever.  I don't know how else to explain the the huge difference between what we experienced and what has been written on Yelp." This place is the best little neighborhood secret ever and I only hope everyone reads and believes Maribeth's review so I can still get a table on Friday nights without making a reservation." I think we dropped about $60. It was definitely not worth it." This is such a nice little neighborhood place.  I don't know why I didn't know that.  Our manager came and sat with us (I LOVE when that happens) and we were excited to use the appreciation coupon for a wonderful dinner for two.  Our food was excellent right down to the tiramisu that we split for dessert.  And who knew they had a live jazz piano player in the back.  I also checked out the happy hour menu and am hoping to take advantage of that many times.  We will definitely be back. 9:15 Pm...not a lot of places open in Moon Valley.  But they were SO accomodating.  Made us feel very welcome and helped my friend who is on a very limited diet right now.  Love the place.  I was craving Chicken parm...and it was yummy...it would have impressed Gordon Ramsey.  Our bottle of chianti was smooth.  The tiramusis - to die for." We may or may not be back. Food was good but there are many other delicious Italian options to commit to it."  and friendly service.  We will definitely continue to go back."  but forced in such an awkward strip mall location. I didn't like our salesman-like server's approach but I'm sure the restaurant owner appreciates his upselling techniques. He did a very good job when he wasn't trying to upgrade every item that was ordered and the support staff was on point keeping bread and water full. I would definitely go back."  nicely lit made you forget about the strip mall locale." Saturday night at Salutes is a real treat.  The live jazz duo sings quietly and adds to the ambience of this local gem.  The staff is always friendly and makes some reference to your last trip which makes you feel special.  And speaking of special...their chicken florentine special was mouth-watering.  I'm sure the bottle of Chianti helped...but just LOVED the experience. jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg The entertainment is quite nice as well with John Summers and Joan singing standards and some motown. If you're staying at Hilton Tapatio  cozy.  They had a couple of musicians who were very good.  The last time I was there I remembered the music to be a distraction.  This couple was very good.  Service is excellent.  We started off with the Mussels Marinara.  Maybe the best mussels I have had.  The marinara was to die for!  Next we had Calamari Fritti.  They were cooked to perfection. The marinara was not as flavorful as with the mussels though.  Still  but offered) was the best she's ever tasted. The butternut squash ravioli was very rich (almost too rich) but quite tasty. The guys both got the crab and shrimp stuffed ravioli with walnut cream sauce (not on the regular menu)- both loved it!  It's a really great place for a special date or a quaint dinner with friends." "I've been waiting to change from four stars to five and tonights dining experience did it.  The staff always makes us feel like one of their family and tonight was no different.  My eggplant parmesan was mouth-watering accompanied with their house Chianti.  Friday night live jazz always a pleasure.  Thanks  that was a first for me.  I have never been served spoiled lettuce at a restaurant.     Hubby had salmon and said the flavor was good.   I had stuffed pork loin special which was good Went there w my fiance and my father who are very much food snobs ......all our meals were wonderful I had the salmon and asked for no butter etc and they were very acomadating .......apps were the anti pasta and calamari and both were great !" We would not dine there again.  The food was bland and flavorless.  The atmosphere and pasta weren't bad.  My husband also said the espresso wasn't bad.  I think they cater to the over 65 crowd. Oh we will return for sure!" Delicious meal. Veal piccata after calamari appetizer. Very good service. A real treat! Went there last night and it was excellent as always.  We enjoyed the stuffed pork tenderloin special and the friendly service.  Great local place.  the sauce is not heavy at all as you would expect with a 4 cheese sauce. The combination of the butternut squash ravioli and the airy lite cheese sauce is complete heaven! Im not even a fan of any kind of squash but this is my new favorite dish and I would order this dish without a second thought. Its absolutely delicious and you will enjoy it again and again.  Salute!"  accommating staff.  And for those of you who read something in the MV minutes...they are NOT being sold.  Thank goodness."  Jennifer took it upon herself to add the gratuity of 20% of the entire bill with the tax.  She was not worth 20%.  We just paid and left will never go back.  The lasagna tasted like ""Greek"" lasagna and had nutmeg in the sauce.  My chicken was dry.  Disappointed."  great service and food that made Salute rise above the hundreds of other little Italian places in the Valley seem to be gone.  The entertainment created an ambience that just made you want to dine here regardless of everything else.  But on our last visit when we were told they were out of the first two things we ordered "On vacation staying at the Hilton resort down the street. Found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to try it out based on other reviews. The service is impeccable and the food is fantastic. I had the lasagna and my friend had zucca ravioli. I wanted to lick the plate sooooo bad. Decor is elegant Overall very good dining experience. Above average food  they do not realize that we paid for the coupon and this is a way to have your restaurant be known My family was completely grossed out with their meals. When we went to tell the lady that our meals were terrible she was being sarcastic and very rude  artfully presented amd and with great quality. I have been here many times over the years and appreciate the warm staff and excellent service!"  she was gave me that disappointed look and told us that she will charge us a 20% gratuity.  I don't think the waitress deserve that much.  It took us forever to flag her down to order food and the food took forever.  What was really disappointing  or other usual italian wines.  Just the popular basics.  Right next to Goodwill We had the mahi mahi special and butternut squash ravioli.  Both delicious.  Service was very good and liked the atmosphere. Go to Babbo and spend a 3/4 of what we did.  What I'd do to have my 80 plus dollars back!  Summed up... just buy a tv dinner and save the cash!"  & Linguini w/ white clam sauce) & we ordered the mushrooms for an appetizer. They didn't bring appetizer plates so we used our bread plates. Then they sat dirty thru the entire meal. The food is good not fantastic 5-star but tasted good and the presentation was nice except the soup was served in a small cup with no under plate or saucer. 2 of us opted for the salad which was simple and came already with the house dressing. The service was only so-so. We were checked on regularly and the busboy filled our water regularly but we had to ask for a refill of bread and coffee. We had dessert of creme brle and had to ask for 3 spoons. Then he brought a tiramisu by mistake and had to take it back and bring the creme brle. Fortunately  and a nice quiet atmosphere.  2 people in my party had the t-bone special and I had the Italian chicken in a lemon caper sauce.  I was pleasantly surprised My family really enjoyed the food and service and will be back again! "This has become one of our ""go to"" restaurants... Our favs to order are the mussels in red sauce... the mussels are HUGE always and the marinara type sauce they have them in is better than we literally have found ANYWHER  and sauce are melt in your mouth delicious. I always leave completely satisfied and always look forward to coming back." We have found out special Italian place. The atmosphere was nice; don't let its placement in a strip mall fool you. Salute is an enjoyable Italian meal getaway. We will be back (and have been back) again!" I would definitely recommend for the food and service quality "This place was so great! My friend and I wanted to treat ourselves to a nice dinner and this ended up being the perfect place! We got a discount for checking in  great little place and great service. Don't be fooled by the outside appearance Visited Salute last night for a birthday party and had a wonderful time. The food was delicious. I had the shrimp risotto. One of the best risottos I've ever had. The service was wonderful as well. Will definitely be back to enjoy this great restaurant! Wonderful dinner with family this evening - I think we tried just about everything on the menu - the anti-pasta for two was plenty for the seven in our group to share as an appetizer - we also had stuffed mushroom caps - delicious!!!  The entres come with either soup or salad - again delicious!! Very quaint neighborhood restaurant - friendly welcoming atmosphere - Thank you Food was excellent and the company of Thomas is always a pleasure. I always try new things when I am there. A lot of times I have the Daily Special.  our bus boy comes again to refill waters. The very busy staff seemed to have forgotten us. We waited a total of 25 minutes and no one came to wait on us. We walked out. The lady who checked us in for the reservation chased us into the parking lot and after explaining what happened she tried to get us to come back in but we politely declined. We ordered some dominos pizza and wings and had a very nice Valentines Day dinner on the couch." Amazing traditional Italian food. Rigatoni with peppers and sausage was top shelf. They were short staffed by the bartender chipped in to keep it moving smoothly. True service focused business.  the staff was very welcoming and quickly set up a table and seated us.  Several other groups came in at the same time My mother and i came here for dinner. Warm atmosphere the sauces are homemade and delicious. I had the filet mignon and was perfectly tender and amazing flavor. Veal caprese and motzerlla was fresh and delectable.  Coming here again and again. Love it "My wife and I were here for a friend's 40th birthday party. This place has amazing food jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg My husband and I order out from Salute an excellent Italian restaurant every week. Today Salute opened for Mother's Day and we had a wonderful brunch. The wide selection on menu was amazing for brunch that made it difficult to decide what to order.  You can't go wrong here. Prices for brunch were extremely reasonable less than $15. Complimentary champagne and carnations for Mom.  Owners are Delightful. Happy hour M-F $5 ea for wine and appetizers. Give it a try because you won't be disappointed.  but this gave me an immense feeling of joy and appreciation. The restaurant business can be a wonderful thing when it remembers that its about relationships and community. I only ate at this place once with my mom Great traditional Italian food.  Had the shrimp appetizer in citrus sauce.    It was tangy and fresh.   Tried the homemade lasagna.  The red sauce on it was fantastic.   The garlic bread they serve with dinner was crisp and light.  The only thing they could improve on is a larger pour for a single glass of wine.    Also liked the sweet cannoli. I will be back for sure! Really enjoyed our night here. The carpaccio was a fantastic appetizer. I had the risotto and my husband had the lamb osso bucco which were both very flavorful. Had the creme brule for dessert which was great as well. The staff was very attentive and provided great service. Love finding little gems like this place.  very light & the garlic aioli perfected it.  Also a green salad with vinegar oil & then the main dish as mentioned above.  Our dessert is Tiramasu & coffee. Such a deal. Definitely recommend this place!" beautiful place for a date night.  my husband had lamb osso bucco and I had butternut ravioli.  both were delicious.  service was exceptional. My wife had a butternut squash stuffed shells dish and it was very good. This is a good dish for vegetarians." "Salute is amazing! We were greeted at the door by a wonderfully kind host and were immediately seated. From the atmosphere to the food  awesome food & service. The Pollo Salute melts in your mouth. Props to the chef.  will be back definitely."  great people and a lot of fun." Excellent meal with great service. Tom was our waitor and gave us personallized service. Not a long wait and the atmosphere was nice. Great service! From the time we walked in we where treated very well. The food is amazing! Definitely will return! Tom was our server and his was great!  but it is very standard Americanized Italian fare with lots of veal dishes on the menu.  Our bill came to exactly $100 for the two of us and included a bottle of the house chianti This place is cozy and so New Yorkie!  Great service. Authentic Italian flair. Calamari is very light and selfish. Caprese salad is so good with in house home made mozzarella. Chicken Parmesan is so good!  We will be back for sure!  and we each sampled a portion of the three dishes: (1) chilean sea bass with garlic and lemon butter sauce with garlic mash and sauted asparagus; (2) the evening's special shrimp fra diavolo deep red tomato sauce and linguine; and (3) chicken marsala with garlic mash and broccoli. All were excellent. The fra diavolo was perfectly spicy  mismatching decor with strange musical selections and a weird layout was a bit off putting but that being said  from moment we got there till we left!! Definitely will be going back."  far edge of town when you finally hit the Candy Store.  And now?  It's right down the street from a High School.  It keeps going on for miles and miles.  Sprawl and the strip club..."  friendly staff and doormen. My #1 choice to go to when a gal pal begs me to take her to a strip club. My only complaint is that each dancer only gets one song onstage at a time." What a joke this is a strip club? It's close to the worst strip club I've ever been to. I'm pretty sure I would have had a better time thrown money at hookers for nothing on Van Buern and driving off and watching them fight over the money. The Great Alaskan Bush Company is the only place I'll try or go to next time I'm in the Phx area! This place is way over crowded and I have no Idea why. awesome drinks and rad girls... i always stop for some rock n' roll at the store when im in phx :) p.s. I saw lots of Red & White ............." Cheap entry fees and $5 lap dances are amazing.  Chill place to hang out. Been with my girlfriend and she loves it and has always had a great time.  when we called back on Monday afternoon I was shocked to find it was safe and sound!!! Good job Candy Store!" A disappointment on every level." Go get your jelly watch on!!!" I've always had a good time here and recommend this place above all others of it's type in the valley. Female-Friendly dancers are hard to find....well Now...I do know about their great Turkey and Top Sirloin Burgers. We often hit this place up for their great specials on Saturdays afternoons. Perfect spot to watch footballs games on the weekends. So overall e6i8v7VkD8yJk02PH4d9VA  so no cover.  Then one of the hotties played about 10 games of pool against me and the boys.  She also happened to be the best dancer we saw all night.  On top of that Not bad. Maybe I shouldn't have gotten here so early the talent wasn't as good as it usually is. This place is conveniently located in north Phoenix. There is a small cover at the door. Drink prices are not to bad. There are two different stages. If strip clubs are your thing  this place was far too small for me and the layout could have been better. You're pretty packed together and the TVs/bar is on the opposite side of the main stage. Other than that it's a great spot for a small group (2-4 people) A few dancers did an excellent job with pole dancing and tricks but the music wasn't really good (not that we needed to hear rap or hip hop) mostly old rock music and no name house music. I would not recommend."  which beats most strip clubs anywhere else. It is a rather small place with two stages. Overall a great atmosphere!" "That might be the last time I use the YELP search to try and satisfy my sweet tooth... No ring pops or bottle caps here folks!!! But since I was already there I decided to stop in and much to my surprise there was a solid vending machine next to the restrooms.. The $5 cover seemed a little steep just to peruse the vending machine selection... The young ladies working  the establishment seemed to be enjoying the surroundings.. A dimly lit ambiance in which to enjoy a ""Big Hunk."" Music bumping Love this place. laid back. ask for Kris C. wow... hug tittys. but best of all a great personality  and lounge in a comfortable 80s love seat while watching a parade of 5s and 6s have mild seizures underneath some black lights (while nickelback and staind play in the background)?? No where..that's where!" "When I walked in this place at first glance I was contemplating turning around & going home. It's kind of a dump & needs to be remodeled. Then I realized the girls here are pretty hot & actually nice! I had a seat & had some dances on the floor ($10 dances!) Then Lux came up to me & told me about the VIP room & suggested we try a 30 minute (only $200) so we did. Out of this world! This girl is hot We decided to relocate to center fold because the girls not only look better but do not look to have some sort sort of disease. Along with the Herion attict at the door to question me" "I really like this place because it's comfortable. The outside isn't so pretty and the inside is funky but the atmosphere is great. Small cover after a certain time. $10 no touching floor dances. $20 VIP dances with a $20 one time fee. The girls get charged each time they go to VIP so if you give them a tip they are super appreciated. Stage is fun to watch. Each girl has their own look about them. None two are alike. Some are shy so don't be scared to wave. No one can read your mind here so don't hesitate! Cheap drinks too. If the line is busy at the bar you can go to the door girl for a bottled beer. There a mix of music here! Rock  I found it to be filthy. The girls are ok but the staff is awful. I took a picture of my girlfriend at the club and Was accosted by the bouncer who demanded that I delete the picture despite the fact that there were no employees or dancers in the photo. Low class  Starr is actually the only dancer we remember which is bad considering we take notes while in the club for these reviews." My experience at The Candy Store wasn't bad. The music was pretty good. The crowd overall was quite welcoming. The bartender provided good customer service. The dancer was fantastic. She was quite outgoing and very talented. Enjoyed this club. Keep up the hard work! Break it down Jess- If your in the mood to get out of the house for a drink or two but want to stay in your gym shorts and t-shirt with the two paint spots on it and maybe shoot a round of pool with a stranger "It is a total dive bar...If you need a drink go get one.  There are pool tables  its a dive.  That's all there is to say.  The bartenders don't take any crap and why should they?  Just order your drink and shut the hell up." ...did I mention CHEAP???" They also don't take credit cards so bring cash...at least that was the situation when I was there last. You can not bring in any drinks what-so-ever (learned that the hard way...THROW OUT THAT REDBULL RIGHT NOW! okay okay geesh) This dude abides Larry's"  shuffle board. There is something to keep everyone entertained. It's rough around the edges but that's the beauty behind it. Close to home." wYAGCkykyBnBlZo7VuKGpA  Jack Johnny. All the usual suspects. Oh my Bulleit! Sold to the only black man there! You wanna talk about a nice pour... If they poured like this in San diego. I would have never left. Oh yeah there is a shuffle board a pool table. I didnt make it to the cancer section where i  believe there is another pool table at as well. If I am there in that neighborhood again. Yeah I am there for the booze..." "So I live right next to this place and I have attended there multiple times. Last night I went in and got a handful of mules The real deal saloon / dive bar .... Nothing fancy just an original old time neighborhood bar.....if you never been it's a must ! Best place on the North side. Besides Joe's grotto. Hell yes. Good prices and friendly staff!!!  minus one star for getting stared down by a few scary biker dudes." f_leeIRar8uNCkk5sAmHRQ  WHAT.  I was flabbergasted.  Never in my life have I paid so much for Corona.  This is a major dive bar FAIL right here.  Later  and The Earps. Judging by some of the other reviews analbreath seems to be a permanent fixture here! What I like most about The Blooze besides the prices is that its not pretentious. The drinks have a bite to them which is nice especially at these prices. The beer line up is the usual domestics which I don't drink and the import variety could do with a boost. The service is quick and swift. The regular patrons come down here to ease the pain and that's obvious and that also lends the place its charm. This is a local bar that caters to rock bands and locals. The staff is friendly and the price is right. No more no less."  I give ""The Blooze"" four out of 5 stars and look forward to the next Surf Rock band night." "I couldnt resist taking my top off after ""The heat wave"" bbq wings they served set my happy on fire. IT went so well downed with the wells with their cheap 25 cent tequila.I was hanging with Marco  mixed with some bikers but don't let it scare you away. The bartenders are awesome and know how to pour a stiff drink  I had to leave once it was starting to get really packed and lively around 10:30/11. I am so glad that I finally checked the place out though. I will definitely frequent The Blooze as often as I can." P.p.s. Girls... You have to look in the bathroom... There's pictures of hunky guys on the inside of the stalls... There's even pictures of Tumbleweed (the owner)!"  this is a great little bar to see a local band and have a cheap drink. Just beware of the scary bikers that seem to perpetually hang out in front of places like this!" "HELL YEAH......The Blooze freekin rules for live music and cheap drinks.  Owner is on top of the music scene Great place to get fairly priced drinks and hear some good music!  Will be back again and again - and thanks for having a hot dog cart outside on weekends!!!  he hung out at The Blooze.  I would go over in between loads.  There was only one person working in the front of house.  She was really nice.  She didn't lose her cool at all when more people started coming in.  She handled it well.  Especially when a regular at the bar was giving her a hard time.  She just went with the flow and eventually he left.  They have 2 pool tables  the friendliness and service are always right on- great atmosphere." Great local spot for live music that has you dancing in your seat... or go ahead and shoot some pool! Cheap drink prices."  with some out of town guests.  What a great time we had!  Drinks were very good priced and a live band If you like the biker atmosphere this is a place for you." Love this place. The staff are always friendly. Love the live music. The people are always kicked back. It's a place I love to go and really relax ;) Totally fun place. Went with a meet up group. The crowd was easy going and obviously lots of local regulars. Went to watch a buddy play one night. I couldn't believe how clean the bathroom was. The place is set up pretty cool with a square bar in front of the stage with plenty of seating and a little dancing room in between. Cool little music venue. Support your local BLOOZE BAR." Saturday night. Looking forward to this show and we got here before 8pm. Show started near 930. So freaking crowded you can't see the band.  Its so loud you cant hear the band.  Fire Marshall bill would close the place. So over capacity you can't move. Let alone get to the bathroom. All about greed. Need to stop ticket sales while there is still room to move. Nothing overly impressed us and nothing scared us away.  Just a nice local place to hear some music.  Prices seemed very reasonable." If you're in the area don't skip out on going to The Blooze. There's sure to be something going on The AC is very good and parking is easy.  Not the nicest part of town I have been too  Tumbleweed is a very cool guy - all of the bands love him and all the help he gives the bands. The bar staff is fun and efficient." Great place to swing dance (on certain nights) Will not be going back!" "I deliver beer to the Blooze bar almost every week and I just wanted to give the bartender Randi a kudos for being so great. Ever since Randi started working the day shift the cooler has been well organized and clean; that makes it so much easier and faster to rotate and put away my product. Every time I come in Randi is always doing something productive Great night!!! We had good bar service with bartender rabbit!! We went to this dive bar on a Thursday night.  and the beer is cold.  I even got to open the curtain for my brother's band; it was a fun place." I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to hang at Blooze unless I was going for another show "I couldn't resist myself from writing this review after trying their BBQ wings! Not only that dish was incredibly tasty  I wouldn't waste my time if I were you. Bartenders are also not cool. Go to Dodey's across the street Shea Village is kinda hidden on the NW corner of Shea & 32nd St.  You won't see the building right away but you will see the sign  but the ones they have vary. This bowling alley is a good one because it's a little off the beaten path which means you can actually call and reserve a lane at 6:00 PM on a Saturday night for 7:45 PM. The bowling alley is full of hs students You're on the road to recovery my friend...a changed man  but if you're looking for a cowboy/country western dive bar - this could fit the bill.  And they can wrestle up some grub for ya while you're there."  check this place out.  It's like going to the Buffalo Chip in Cave Creek before everyone found out about it.   And not having to drive so far." I/we will probably back during happy but not for a full on dinner. Don't have high expectations for this place. The atmosphere is chill and the people are nice but if you are used to going to higher end spots this place will either humble you or make you want to run out the door." It gets a 5-star rating because its everything I expected and a retardedly good deal." "Wagon Yard is older than dirt. It's been there since forever.... and it is the same now as it was back then. Wagon Yard is the least cowboy-est cowboy steakhouse in Phoenix that i know. It IS like going to Cave Creek before Cave Creek became the annex of North Scottsdale. Prices are cheap  who knows. Hopefully they come out of it. Wagon yard is the quintessential rustic western food and drink joint. they have karaoke very often "This place is one of a kind!  My wife and I went on the nite of 12/5 and not only got a   real good meal for peanuts I'll probably come back to this place sometime when we're in the area again.  The food is solid All of this food was less than a $20 so I can't really complain.  Just don't expect a gourmet steakhouse." JImJictLIE48_O1z-l2TGw  but do not expect anything more then what we have described. You may like it. I did."  I think I need to give this place another chance since my fiances food was so good. Plus all of the above only cost us 19 bucks. We'll be back... probably on a Sunday or Monday when they have the All-U-Can-Eat Beef Ribs!" Great hole in the wall bar and grill.   I'm back again.  It is.extremely hard to have an issue with this place.  Food is usually very good as far as bar food goes.  My girlfriend and I shared a dozen honey hot wings which were freakin delicious  but maybe dirty.  If this place was clean - it would not be the ""bar"" atmosphere that it is.  We went for our first time last week and have already been back.  The food is GREAT and the prices *** I love how they greet you when you enter the place. A lot of little dive bars miss that." Don't bother unless it is the bar your are after  dingy and old but breakfast is good and cheap!"  and the service was horrid... I read the reviews prior to going and was a little nervous Definitely a jewel in the desert." Recently went because I had heard that it was under new ownership and wanted to see if it had changed.  We went a few years ago and the food was good but the service was just ok.  Since the last time we were there the place is clean and everyone is very nice.  We love their food as it is your traditional classic american food.  We look forward to the new volleyball courts and wish the new owners luck.  I recommend the tex burger.  defaced the sign and closed the doors leaving an entire staff of loyal employees jobless because he couldn't get a liquor license. It WILL re-open. The bar tenders know how to pour a good drink I honestly diidn't expect much but our waitress was great and the karaoke host made the night very enjoyable. Most importantly cheap drinks :) "I went to this place on my birthday because I had driven by so many times and needless to say was interested. I loved the overall atmosphere  a live baby roach ran across my fiance's plate. This is unacceptable and I will be reporting this place to the AZ Department of Health"  not usually is a big crowd. the bar stuff is nice and the chili is good. they have pool tables  but they do have decent prices and okay portion size. AMBIENCE: This is not a fancy place and they even have a pretty decent size dance floor where we can only imagine the amount of line dancing going on. CONCLUSION: Been coming here for 29 years why stop now. Overall rating of either a 3.5 or a 4"  prompt service. The food was mediocre at best. The bartender may or may not have been a drag queen. The highlight of the evening was the older crowd there for karaoke night. It was a 'special' evening to say the least. We'll be back  the four dollar lunch special and diet coke i ordered made for a wonderful meal at an awesome price. We sat at the bar and it was awkwardly quiet and dead in there."  but I gave them another chance and has been OK since.  It's a laid back place and the prices on the burgers and such are good.  Steak prices seem a little high  and the breakfast was pretty good!!  I like the fact that they have a GIANT beer that I have to hold with both hands.  They have cool stuff going on in the back (horseshoes  lousy service. Waited twenty plus minutes for wings and I one of three here. The beer is not at the right temperature and it smells like there is serious bacteria growing somewhere."  yet we made our first visit there about a week ago.  The waitress (I didn't catch her name) took great care of us. She noticed immediately that what I was ordering was painfully diet/limited and she catered to me without blinking  that's all I'm saying. I ordered a 1/2 sandwich with cup of their house vegetable beef soup. The soup was rancid tasting. It had bubbles around the edge?! Ended eating my wonderbread Oscar mayer turkey sandwich and haven't had screaming diarrhea yet....You can be a dive bar without being a nasty bar." "I'm new to the area. Attending Mmi. saw this place and stopped in. Great dive bar atmosphere. Cold beer good food. Friendly staff  we recently moved to the area and wanted to try some local eateries. My wife myself and 3 of my younger kids went there for happy hour...2-6 Monday through Friday.  They had half off appetizers and .45 wings everything we got was excellent great happy hours too!!!!" This place is awesome for breakfast... Come check it out! We come on Sundays and absolutely love the breakfast... And conversation. Wanted to enjoy a burger and some wings. At first impression this was a nice place with country western atmosphere and friendly staff. However It took over 10 minutes just to get our order taken. We were brought drinks right away. Another 10 minutes after that our order was taken.  We arrived around 550 pm. 645 rolled around and still were sipping on pepsi with not even an appetizer in sight or any sign of our server. Others who had came after we did were being brought food.  I really wanted to try the food here but was so angry we walked out and went somwhere else. First time I have ever seen a roach crawl across the table as dinner was being eaten.  but a place that I would find myself visiting at least three times a month. The first time I stopped in it was almost out of desperation for lack of other close by open breakfast options. When I stepped inside it was exactly what I'd always imagined The last tome I was in I was waiting for my motorcycle to be finished woth service next door. The wings tastes awful and the fries were clearly frozen store bought. The place still smelled like rotten feet. Later that night I got terribly sick and had diarreah for hours. Clearly the chicken had turned. Will not go back! Truly awful! Our group ordered so many different things and they were all great!  One of the best steaks I've had.  GREAT Band too! "From the outside it doesn't look to appealing and neither does the inside My cousin plays  on a pool league every week and that is enjoyable. Not the best service but I was impressed by the quality and amount of food!  Elliot is amazing.  If you ever want to have a party they can accommodate a lot of people and have a room in the back that works out fantastic.  The food is great and portion sizes are quite large!  Love this place!" Ok breakfast for the money. Older place with a little bit of a smell to it but friendly service. This place could use a fresh coat of paint and spring cleaning but has a lot of character. friendly bartender/waitress. Inside was nicer than I expected.Large clean bar and seating area and food was great. Had the Philly and it was well prepared. Will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu  the place needs an upgrade and less karaoke nights. It's frustrating when you come to eat food at a restaurant and almost every night people are doing karaoke."  the hamburger was fair. Would I go back? Probably not." My family has a lot of great memories here and that has been over 42 years now.  So needles to say it has been around for a long time and that is nice to see places still here that have great memories.  The food was really good and the music was great (just need to turn the volume down a little).  Great place to go dancing.  The service was really good too! Came to the Wagon Yard for breakfast and I got to tell you how.........wait for it! Well I rate this a 3 because well 1st they didn't have enough help.....and you asked for something it never came back. Overall for a dive bar it was ok. Remember when ordering eggs with cheese they mix the American cheese in with your eggs so you don't get the shape of the square cheese just sitting on top........lol Pocket friendly and I have to admit some of the best wings I've ever had. This place has a definite country feel. A couple of pool tables and dart stands for the gamers. Mostly has a restaurant atmosphere wit tables for dining. Don't dress up but definitely enjoy yourself and relax. Angela was my bartender and very friendly. I'll definitely be back with my family for some country music and food. Reminds me of Texas. My good ole' home state.  you can hide here and enjoy a fine breakfast."  went for first time today. looks maybe a bit tired but food was spot on. i'm a very picky eater i got the smaller hamburger and fries and could barley finish.so much food my friend got the all you can eat beef ribs (sunday and monday) bartender/ waitress was prompt and friendly  will def be back."  and that honesty is most certainly felt in it's food.  The RIB's are nothing short of amazing and the people are a moment in time when America was a place of genuine character.  Coming from Hollywood where everything is fruits "Worst experience we ever had! Would not recommend this restaurant. The waitress we had was very nice but the food was horrific we sent the steak back because it was burnt. They came out with Second steak and could not cut it even with the steak knife. The manager came and told us our meals were on the house but never come back and find a different place to eat! We were shocked but still willing to pay for our drinks so we waited for the waitress to come with the bill and then a different waitress came and told us to leave! We were not rude   except for the steak and eggs. Burgers and wings both great; just generally good food!" "I drive past this place daily and (thankfully) I finally decided to give it a shot.  $.55 wings m-f 2-7 for happy hour.  They're large  was so helpful! We will be back for sure!" This prompted me to order the same chicken sandwich today as a takeout. It took 30 minutes to get my order. I live around the corner so I took my first bite in less than 5 minutes of receiving it. I couldn't even bite all the way through because of the grizzle. So I took a bite from the other side with the same results. I removed the extremely small and thin patty and tried cutting away the grizzle but found the entire grilled chicken breast was so rubbery  some of the best grilled wings I've had! Despite all my complaints I would go there every night just for the wings. And if the food tastes as good as it looks I need to go back for a burger and onion rings. This place is certainly a hole in the wall and I'll certainly be back." 8lMQrVQU-5iG9UA4KvcnsQ  blond hair chick.  Dry sense of humor.  Door guy is cool.  Manger guy is cool.  Pool tables.  Juke box.  Clean for a biker bar. Stage for the band which is nice.  I dig it." When we get Gigs there our band get's excited that is because the crowds are fun and it seems like we make new friends everything we play."  even though the top shelf here is probably the bottom shelf at most bars.  They apparently have music on the weekends and I can't wait to check it out...I will keep you updated; this may become my new favorite five star dive bar!"  but they service is friendly and the drinks are cheap. There was live music on both occasions I was in and it really was pretty good. I wouldn't say this spot or the patrons were too classy It's that kind of place. Enjoy."  kind of a hassle just to get a drink unless you always carry cash." "I think the people who work in this bar are some of the nicest you'll ever meet.  It's kinda divey but the drinks are very cheap and the band rocked (ReGroove).  There is a dance floor which is pretty generous "It's basically a hole in the wall that has live music.  The only problem with this joint is that you can't count on the bands or the guy at the joint that books them.  Without the band you're just stuck in a joint paying too much fit your food.  The regular customers are a good group of people and the staff has been there forever  keep a close eye on your wife or girlfriend. They'll be snatched if you're not careful. Lots of HOG members and other motorcycle clubs present. This crowd makes me somewhat nervous The bartender here had my ROFL all night. (FYI I was the DD so no alcohol induced hilarity) the live band was fun and talented guys who played crowd pleasers. Totally a cave creek road dive bar but the place is relaxed and not ber pretentious. I would go back.  and older but a fun atmosphere. Great band. Nice bartenders yet they let our empty bottles and shot glasses pile up at our table. I would definitely go there again and have recommended some friends to go there. Great date spot."  and friendly patrons; Which are 3 things I personally look for. ;) Big nascar bar  but the people seem really shady there  my son had the chili cheese burger it looked mouthwatering and according to my son it was one of the best burgers he's had since we have been in Phoenix.  Service was very friendly and it was a very kick back relaxed atmosphere."  the food is great from the one sandwhich I ate. I did signup for a ""discount card"" they offer. It is a point system and you get discounts off of the food and a special something on birthdays." "Everytime I go to this places I am surprised.  I just expect it to be bad but the food is actually really good. I have had a salad The epitome of a GREAT sports bar!" "CASEY JONES PUB AND GRILL-- WHERE THE BIG GIRLS-- ALL GET DOWN WITH THE JELLO! HELLO! What an influx of con queso that was! Recomends the three: Burger with Lentil  they had UFC 116 on for free. Not many places in California even show the fights and they definitely are not free! Also after 10 p.m they have $1.50 small pitchers of domestics. SOOO that speaks for itself!! The food is typical barfood but it is very good so you can't go wrong there.  I will continue to go here whenever I come to phoenix!!"  but the service seems better and the food sure as heck tastes better.   They make some pretty good BBQ here as well.     Not a gourmet dining experience but they live up to the expectations of a sports bar and then some."  I need to say that I'm an acquaintance of one of the owners here A generous two stars for this visit considering the filthy table."  good beer experience.  They have finally started expanding their beer list from the regular domestic beers.  They have some local beer as well as Odells!!!  YUM.  Plenty of TVs to go around and a cute little train motif for the kids." Love this place.  We go all the time.  Wings are the best cocktails are good and well priced.  Don't confuse with the terrible place with a similar name on Thurnderbird and 43 avenue. vFJmFFfPVhHkC3bWOeZnNA  friendly staff and decent food! Short  rings and sweet potato fries. Now compared to other bars like Tailgaters the same order of food plus a bucket of beers and 4 Malibu n Cokes = $45 with food being just as good. So if you want bar food this is not the place to go. By the amount of empty seats the problem is your food pricing. Your a bar not a fine diner!"  we were rewarded with two burgers that not only seemed to be bleeding but the cheese the oozed out of them reminded me of a horror flick where the guy gets stabbed and his guts just pour out.   After taking the burgers back to the kitchen and being assured the would be taken care of  we migrated to that area and got to horse around a bit. For a Saturday night  but that is coming from a Raiders fan. :(" This boring/neutral review pretty much sums it up. Um...Cheers?" I love their cheesesteaks. And I love the beer on tap- it is the coldest beer I have ever had and I look forward to it. YUM! Wish they still had Sam Adams on tap though. ;-(  is terrible.  A week ago I went in; it started the season off on a bad note... I even called the manager over to explain that I am a loyal customer and hadn't seen it this bad EVER.  He didn't have much to say as I gave him some gentle feedback on my experiences The cheese curds are glorious!!! Reminds me of Midwest food and the service is good. Great place to watch football games and have a good time But whats new with karaoke..."  exactly how you ask for them. Normally I order a burger medium and it comes well well well done. Here you order it medium Overall though it was a fun night with good service!" $2.25 bud light draft. $3.00 craft beers on Thursday I think. Anyway "My father has been going there for years and I have met him there. I recently started going there on my own and found it to be an excellent place to hang out or eat. They are a sports club that actually shows hockey games  too bad its a Packers bar! LOL" Great place for food! I really like their Philly cheesesteaks & honey hot wings. Awesome place to eat & drink  but I'd say it is worth a visit if you are within a few miles." Be sure to try the Pizza roll and their queso dip if you want more than excellent fried zuk for an appitizer" "Friday Night Fish Fry and the Clam Chowder are Fantastic!  Good Service Lastly the check. There was a comment card great i thought heres my chance to share feedback oh i couldn't because it was pre filled for us with ""excellent"" scores all the way down I have pics to prove it. Well I won't be visiting anytime soon. Thank you to the waitress Marci!"  I don't think I would go there for anything else. They actually have a pretty nice selection of tap beers and from what I saw Great rotating beer selection. Great staff. Colorful characters nightly lol. "This place is fantastic. I had a Philly Cheese steak that was greasy and delicious. They have a pretty varied menu so you're sure to find at least a few things you like.  It's a bar so don't expect it to be quiet Wow....really?  Unbelievable...we will never return and I sincerely hope anyone reading this will think twice before patronizing an establishment that treats people this way." "Awesome food good people always consistent great place to eat! Philly cheesesteak sandwiches Fun place to go and see some Packers take em down! The only complaint I have is that it's a Green Bay packers bar. We need more arizona cardinals bars!!! This is after all Arizona!" Every TV (and there are many) is tuned to the Pack on Sundays!"  awesome wings! Casey Jones on Bell is always a great place to meet a bunch of friends. Service is always on point and the staff is super friendly. The food is never disappointing and always hot and fresh. It was disappointing to see the one on 43rd Avenue and Thunderbird close but I know that was a different owner."  and green peppers (for free). It was delicious. Also Comes with a side of your choice (their fries are pretty good). Also got the tasty pazookie for dessert and shared it with a friend (it's big enough for three people). Overall  great staff and a really fun atmosphere. Good for relaxing and having some drinks with friends or partying until 2.. highly recommend this place for a night out" Casey Jones is where I go to eat. Their sandwiches are great. Sean is the best. Marcie is a great waitress. Came in today on a whim during my lunch break with a coworker. Place was your average bar an grill with basic food you would expect. They had pretty good lunch and drink specials. I ordered the green pork burrito from the lunch special menu and we got some wings since they were also on special. Wings were average and sauce was clearly store bought but they were juicy and cooked well. The burrito again was good but nothing special. What really held this place back was the service. Our waitress was stone faced and unfriendly. She overcharged us for the burrito and then acted like we were inconveniencing her and didnt even apologize. Im ok with mistakes as things happen but to act that way was ridiculous. I would probably not bother coming here again.  and a cute little train cruising around the ceiling. Half order of nachos is huge (be forewarned) Love this bar. Mike is the best bartender here! Karaoke on Friday nights and awesome drink specials. I always have a blast here!  staff is awesome. I'd recommend it to all my friends!"  so no clue on general seating service. It does tend to collect a rough crowd  the sauce I got was a little on the sweet side but I'll get a different one next time. My son and husband fell in love with the boneless wings though! I also got a request to come back for breakfast! Hahaha" ***NO FIREARMS ALLOWED***" Probably won't be going back." Always great service and friendly staff! I just wish they had my favorite video game Big Buck Hunter :-)"  feels like a nice neighborhood bar. Cool model train overhead in the main bar area. Prices reasonable." Good People and good fair priced food !!!  my bar tender is still washing dishes when my friends is ready to pay." Amazing food and friendly staff. We will definitely be back. We shared a pasta dish and the fish and chips. Everything was cooked perfectly and have a very balanced flavor. Would highly recommend. And a true Bloody comes with a beer chaser as well!!" "True Packer Bar. THE place to be if you want to hang out with other cheeseheads. I got to the bar an hour early and the place was packed. There are lots of tv's. The bar also has off track betting so some tv's have the horses on. Our server was not friendly. I don't think she smiled once. She was also slow. I had to go to the bar for a beer later in the game. Our server was nowhere to be found. Other servers around us seemed to be nicer and quick with their orders. I had the grilled turkey sandwich and asked for rye vFJmFFfPVhHkC3bWOeZnNA This is a great place for amazing food and an awesome staff. Even the owners take time to say hi and check on their guests. I had the shrimp and grits and I will definitely order it again.  especially when a packer game is on. Expect it to be busy during football games but they have a ton of seating. Great bar food and beer specials." Good American food! Have not been disappointed ever by the quality of the food. The mushroom cheeseburger is excellent! You can't beat Casey's for pub food. Try the salmon dinner.....best in Phoenix. Great customer service and off track betting available. If they had the MLB package would be even better! We had a great time. The food was great and the server was very nice. We have been going there for ovr 20 years and they are still on it. Customers matter. thank you  that used to take really good care of us at his previous job. The first time we stopped by Juan was our server and he was very friendly and accommodating. We have stopped a couple of other times to say hi to Easton. He is great and always takes really good care of us. We will be back. Food has been good too Hint: try their soups. Really! They are made from scratch and just fantastic! My favs are the clam chowder and the cream of mushroom!!!!!"  and I like how it is not a big ""showey"" bar. It's a great neighborhood spot to go. Just had the buffalo chicken wrap with sweet fries like I always do and not once have I complained. Don't let the exterior let you fool you if you are a city folk."  great atmosphere.. Try the philly cheese steak.. Yummy. Wait staff if very friendly and willing to fit your needs." Every Friday I am here with the company. This place is always freaking good. By far best bar-food - always consistent. Great cheesesteak friendly servers great game atmosphere just spot on with everything will be back  the place was not full and they were not that busy. We had a party of 5 and sat in a corner booth. We sat for roughly 20 minutes and was not acknowledged by any staff. One of the waitresses was pregnant and was waiting on a table right in front of us. She ignored our party several times and didn't say hello  it's preseason and I understand that not every broadcast has it but if you are a PACKER bar shouldn't you have ALL the games?!?! Frustrating... I had a lot of hopes especially moving from Wisconsin but might need to find another pack bar." The songo (bingo with songs played) was pretty cool Shocked at how good the hot wings are at this place.  Decent beer selection including micros and macros.  A great place to watch football this fall and winter.  Terrific service in a very comfortable setting.  a nice bar and killer food on the menu.   This is a Green Bay Packers bar so when they are playing the place is packed. They have TV screens everywhere with all different kinds of sports playing so when their isn't a packers game you can get a comfy spot.  The servers and staff are top notch. They have a train that runs along the ceiling of most of the place.  It's fun to watch.  We love to come here for the yummy drinks (they just added a new drink menu with awesome sounding fruity drinks - YAY!) and their Philly cheese steaks  soups are good. Phillis are huge and great drinks and beer selection."   (jalapeos are optional)and all a hot a gooey delicious mess. The bread is fantastic on this sandwich. They have a great. Homemade spicy mustard wings sauce. They have a nice assortment of beers on tap. They have very good service and personable waitresses. Lots of TVs to catch all the games." Don't pass up Casey Jones if you're in the area!"  pool tables and of course the seasonal games.  This place can get unbelievably packed during the games so make sure you arrive early to get yourself a seat.  Go Packers!"  WI (planning our move to the Phoenix area).  We wanted to watch the Packer game with some fellow cheese heads and this place came up with a simple google search.  It was awesome - flat screens all over "We've eaten here a few times and love it! Good food But seriously this place is a much try and make it your home and local bar/restaurant to go too!" Food is awesome and bar staff is always so nice to me everytime I go in for a pick up! The wings have tasted different the last couple times I've gone though but all in all they are awesome  but that's a fact I'll overlook to have a small taste of the Midwest in the desert!"  i will not be back. I didnt even finish my food hardly expect for the sandwhich and left to finish eating something at home. I was not impressed with this place. $12 for a cheesesteak is way to high for the quality. Maybe they are great for beer Consistently over the years PERFECT ! Great friendly service and the food ALL OF THE MENU... never disappoints! Occasionally when I want a perfect burger or some sick friend is craving one I call here. The staff is always happy even to hand over a take out meal. Please don't ever change! Oh yeah friendly bar and sports tv.  for either a fun date or to take the whole family.  Excellent lemonade." Final bonus big booths to fit an easy 8. And if the surf videos playing or the fake birds in the fake trees are too much for you Note that you have to order sides like fries seperate--which annoys me.  Cheesy decorations...blah blah blah" Burgers are the BEST I have had at any restaurant.  Especially now that they offer a veggie or turkey patty for those watching their weight.  LOVE IT!" Service was just fine. This is a place we'd come back to  because they do the best fish tacos of anywhere I've been.  I always get them on flour tortillas because corn tortillas turn to mush no matter who fixes them.  Daughter and son-in-law had burgers and they raved about them--one had the Kilauea and the other had the Hawaiian.  Great service.  Prompt.  I have eaten at this Islands many times over the past 7 or 8 years  but it's not high on my list.  There are so many more cherries out there." "I went to Islands this past weekend looking for a Turkey Burger...and man they did not disappoint. They substitute all of there beef burgers with Turkey burgers if you like...and man i was so happy to hear that because i don't eat red meat. They have 12 burger selections along with various other items...but the burgers are what you should go for when coming to Islands. I had the ""Big Wave"" burger with Cheese...it also comes with Lettuce  and they keep getting it wrong.  I love the food so I keep coming back "Awful. Everything is way too salty and overpriced. You can get a better burger across the street at 5&Diner. Cool decor  so I'll review.  Fries: 1/5. Chicken 4/5. Prices: 3/5. Service 3/5. Average: 3/5." In my opinion this place is on top of their game in terms of service and food and is a solid burger place in my book."  and gave us the perfect amount of time to look over our menus. My boyfriend got a chocolate shake - mmmmm I should have got one- Delicious. Side Ceasar salad to start - nice and fresh and crisp lettuce - always a plus. We got a Burger and a chicken lettuce wrap for lunch. His burger was cooked to perfection and my chicken lettuce wrap was very tasty. And ofcourse their french fries are awesome aswell . Got our bill- very inexpensive. Great atmosphere  cold beer and friendly service. Chain food yet worth it. And Mondays kids under 12 (I think) eat free!"  but the service was fantastic!  The service is the only reason it's getting 2 stars.  My husband had one of the burgers and he said that it taste like a frozen burger patty.  I had the Kobb salad...It just wasn't good.  We did have the nacho app...Half the cheese wasn't melted It's been at least 5 years since I have been back to this place.  We went just because it was in the area and we were hungry.  The plus side was that I was able to order something that had been taken off the menu AGES ago - The Flamingo (chicken sandwich with honey mustard basically).  The fries were great - and also unlimited.  but I don't think Islands has it. The restaurant itself is very clean and the bathrooms are well kept. The only downside is the acoustics in this place. It can get very loud when its busy and almost annoyingly loud when there are a few kids in the joint." I ate about 1/2 of the burger and asked for the check.  The bartender brought the check and didn't say a word Next time I'll drive out of my way to a close Red Robin. Everything is much better there." Go and have fun now...........!" Tonight my bf and I was here the service was alright the buggers was good the fries was a bit over cooked I think he overheard me talking about Yelp every time he wandered close by." Great burgers and great service.  Love the Hawaiian burger with fresh onions rings.  Alonzo came by and asked if we wanted more iced tea.  We asked if our food would be coming soon.  Soon another waiter stopped by (which we assume was the manager as he did not introduce himself) and apologized for the long delay in bringing our food.  After that either Alonzo or the manager stopped by every 5 minutes or so to see if we were okay.  When the food did arrive "The restaurant has a nice atmosphere. The servers kept up with the waters and soda for our table with out needing to ask. The two people with diet restrictions were able to find healthy options. Actually they thought it had a lot of options. I had the Hula burger with bacon and island reds (fried onion strings). It was great a very tasty and juicy burger. One of our group wished they had different music to match the theme (like Bob Marley  my last visit I changed it up bit.  I was a bit disappointed as I didn't get much blue cheese on my burger.  I'll try it again and hopefully next time there will be more." Sorely disappointed with this chain that lost its way. 4 stars to the waitress who knew how to handle a disgruntled customer. In and Out would have been a better choice."  swiss & mayo. I substitute cheddar instead of swiss. I  also crave the Kona Pie with mocha almond fudge ice cream and Oreo cookie crust. Fun Hawaiian ambiance with surfers on the TVs instead of sports. Easy island escape in this 110+ degree weather!" All in all a solid burger place." I really like the Tortilla Soup and the Wiqui Waqui Chicken Salad.  I also love the atmosphere.   Great place to hangout out with friends or take the family for a rather inexpensive yet wonderful dining experience. I stopped in in May when I was going to buy spices down the street.  Haven't been to an Islands in a while.  Had a very good blue cheese burger.  The service was good.  I got there right after opening time so the place was almost empty to start and only got about 1/3 full by the time I left.  the burger itself was thin and didn''t taste like a good beef patty. the bun and french fries was also meh. the service while friendly seemed a little rushed." I might be back if there is another specific reason or if it is the closest options. Otherwise Definitely recommend stopping by for an awesome burger and fantastic sweet potato fries." "Just found out this location will be  closing on 12/22 and it will missed!  This Islands has been a go-to place for our family for over five years. The service was attentive and  quick even during busy hours.  Great convenient location to have a sumptuous burger with a cold beer.   The revamped kids menu is impressive as well. Islands staff  you will see that I'm actually named after a country singer. No lie. My Dad is a big 'ol cowboy and his kids were raised with a country streak. Anywho... enough about me. Whiskey River Saloon is a fun spot to get your Country Groove On! It's not fancy  although i will have to investigate how early they start charging cover.  it will be pretty cavernous when it's not crowded "I have a love hate relationship with this bar. I love the drinks specials but I hate the crowd. My friends love this bar so I come here for moral support and for some reason I can't pass up .25 cent drinks. For .25 cents you get what you pay for you probably get half a shot per drink but after 3 or 4 of these suckers you should have a good buzz. There is a weird mix of people here you've got the cowboys wednesday nights are the only night to go...its $.25 cent drink specials... jack and coke until 10 and your good for the rest of the night...everyones laid back never seen a fight break out there... go there early and youll get a dance lesson...but i dont need it so the dance floor is nice...stay until midnight to see the sluttiest girl contest and youll get some free soft porn  this is important to some people - the bathrooms were clean  which I think is always annoying to have because I can get my own paper towel or push the blow dryer button myself. They have this funny urinal section that's like a big long tub that wraps around the corner and it's community so there are no dividers for the curious on-lookers. That confrontation could be quite odd but interesting with your hands full if you notice someone trying to take a peak! Do you attack with the resource at hand? Do you finish first and then confront? Do you wait for him to finish to confront? WHAT?!?! Am I thinking about this too much? lol Don't get me wrong  I'm usually a little sloshed anyways. Gives me four hours to sober up. Always packed with the most diverse crowd. Helllooooo a country bar that plays hip hop and what not. I've been retarded and done a contest or two. Only on the nights I run into someone that recognizes me from the club I work at. Booze and a lot of persuasion is a no no. It's a fun bar with some amazing dancers. No need to dress like your going out on the town UPDATE!!!!! I went to the semi-finals....and WON. I went to the finals...and WON!!! I got the cash instead of the PROBOWL Tickets because it didn't include the plane and hotel. O well...it was christmas money and boy it was perfect timing! I love this bar!"  it t was a memorable night with a great group of ladies and one lucky guy.  Thank you for the invite and insider info on how to spot a genuine cowboy oh and def hit the 2 for 5$ shot lady up that walks around! Always a good deal :)" "if your into country dancing and beer this is your place. They do mix it up with some hip hop. Cover charge to get in I think I may be getting too old for places like the ""Whiskey D!ck River""..."  so of course I get there right before!  Fun place to have a girls night as the real cowboys are true gentlemen and you really do not need to be a hardcore country fan to have fun.  Last night was pretty dead gOlJQuE3WYeMgXXDKYfdeg Good mix of hip hop and country. Good drink specials. Awesome spot for groups. I wish the floor was slightly bigger there. This bar is the place to go on Wednesday nights if you are looking for cheap drinks. $7 cover for guys and ladies are free (ladies night) and $0.50 cent drinks. The crowd has a little bit of everything. Country and hip-hop music.  you got yourself a new regular!" I have heard WR is better in the early evening when the country dancers are there (I arrived after 11 pm). Once the hip hoppers arrive the adults leave. Maybe I'll try going there again for the country dancing but for now I got a belly full of the place." gOlJQuE3WYeMgXXDKYfdeg Isn't it funny how once you start drinking someone in the group says Hey lets go somewhere else and see what's up!  I know the DD's that night got some miles on their car LOL  I dont have to get crazy dressed up to go feel good and have fun. The music flips back and fourth from country to rap changing up the pace every 15 minutes and its so much fun from ""two stepping"" to ""shakin it like a salt shaker"". the staff is super friendly and doesnt ignore anyone  country and pop. I mean it was something for everyone. They have some awesome drink specials on Saturday night in which most drinks and beers are either .50 cents or a whopping $1.50 until 11pm. You can't beat that! I will definitely be coming back to shake my groove thing and pay the price in the morning as I am not the young tenderoni I use to be. (ouch)" "Great Place to get out and let loose! I have only been here on a Wednesday night during their ladies night $0.25 bottle special. I have had a blast every time! It's an interesting mix between Country Music and Hip Hop.. Dance floor is right smack in the middle of the place  I made the mistake of bringing my debit card the first time I went and you have to have a $10 tab....which whomps! So yeah.....cash :)." "Had a great time!  The music was a fun mix of everything.  Beer prices weren't great but not too outrageous.  Ladies didn't have to pay a cover but the guys were $7.  All in all  ridiculous thing I have ever sat through. Push your friends out and laugh at their expense; you'll be laughing 'til you have to pee at all the awkward hilarity ensuing." "I enjoyed my visit just not what came after. My friend left her Drivers License We went back to get it the next day and learned the general manager had taken it with him when he left that night and would ""contact her on Facebook"" She doesn't have one so we asked for the GM's number and were told to text him he has her ID with him at Casino Arizona (what the hell is he doing with her ID there?) talked to him he said it was to far for him to drive to bring it back to the bar but she could come get it. long story short had to get the police involved before he brought it back to the bar. Seems really shaddy for him to be taking girls ID's out of the bar." PS it does smell funny in there.." See you guys next time I see you! :)" I still haven't figured this place out. At all. Maybe I will have to have a few more of those half-dollar-beer to figure it out. (I have seen the oddest of Hipsters here too.. PBR shirt  people watching. From the proffesional level country dancing to the twerking gone wild the dance floor is the place to be for people watching. If that wasn't enough they also have a wet T-shirt contest and ladies get in for free. BOOM. you  "Not bad for a country bar if your a local. We were staying in a local resort and decided to get a few drinks! 1 dollar drinks on a Friday night is unheard of where I'm from! Could have used some more country songs and less hip hop. Also one of the bouncers took his job way too seriously I definitely recommend Wednesdays at the River!"  I'd rather do it at a bar that doesn't allow under age customers and where the DJ actually plays requested songs instead of his personal creations."  I came here for the Wed before the Thanksgiving holiday and it was pretty packed. I used to come here back in college all of the time for their crazy drink specials but it has probably been a few years since. It is exactly like how I left it except for a couple of changes. One gOlJQuE3WYeMgXXDKYfdeg  so who am I to say if the chicken is really good or not?!?! I am fine with some fried zucchini or those stuffed jalapeno things or even nachos minus the meat. I remember their wraps as being really good though! Don't confuse the bartender by asking for a foofoo mixed drink. You mill be lucky if they have some flavored vodka. Beer is king here and I seen a many people do Irish car bombs but hey you cant really get those wrong now VpQZo6KV8CqkIG_MRQ3jiA Basically it's a great neighborhood bar to chill and watch some sports on the many t.v.'s and eat good food." Never had a bad time and if I were a fly on the wall Brennan's is a solid spot to catch a game and grab some yummy pub food in a laidback environment." """I've been going to Brennan's for many years now. I decided to write a review since I have stopped drinking. The food during the day shift is always hard for them to not overcook the fried food choices. And don't even bother having a french dip  we love Brennans and we can call it our home away from home." VpQZo6KV8CqkIG_MRQ3jiA "I've recently been trying to find a cool place to play shuffleboard in North Phoenix.  I was trying to find a place to hang out near my bro's house so we could go hang out for a bit and have a beer.  I found Brennan's online and noted that they had shuffleboard.  WIN WIN!!  The review said that the staff was friendly and called you ""honey"" even if it was the first time you had ever been there.  BANG!  sounds like my kinda joint I definitely will go back since the food was good  and just an all around bad attitude. I was just in utter shock how a person that relies on tips for their living could be so rude. Since the last encounter with him "Not many places do Killian's Red in pitchers "Not sure why Brennan's was not on this list.  This a great place if you like laid back dive bars.  We have been going there for 6 years.  On Saturday's they have half price burgers that are phenomenal.  Saturday nights they have trivia.  Pool tables  just as delicious and more local! =9"  etc. Had to basically yell and wave my arms just to get the check...we complained about the service only to get a ""thumbs up"" and a smile then walked away....LITTERALLY. No joke. The manager kept saying he would get our server to us Pool tables need a lot of work but a good neighborhood bar." "BRENNAN'S IS THE BEST! What an awesome place to come and chill with my dear friends. Not to mention the staff is the best. Jaki  Kaleigh and Wayne. I don't ever have to wait long for a drink. Oh yeah and sex trivia on Saturday night is so much fun." Its sad cause I used to go here with all my friends every Monday and this place had good waitresses who cared but like I said earlier these people now don't care one bit. NEVER AGAIN. Thank Jackie for the great experience and hope you can find another dump hole to work in 6 months when this place is closed." Awesome 4 Peaks Kiltlifter on draft and $3.50 Fireball Fridays! Great service from the bartender  the service was good. I have a feeling the food is second to the drinks."  half price Mexican appetizers and $2.00 margaritas on Tuesdays!!" Hmmmmmmm when u walk in there's a mold smell. There is a one stall bathtoom for a pretty big bar. I find that weird.  They claim to have happy hour special which is a quarter off . Seriously ? Why bother ? Seems like alot of regulars come to this barm we r only stopped by cause we r going nto movies next door.  Let me say this place has the saddest rueben I have ever saw !!! See photo. My husband order ordered chicken wings he liked the sauce. We appear to be the only one in the place eating food. The waitress was super nice.  Thanks fpr paying attention dawn .  brunet) answers the house phone and has been talking for 15 minutes as I write this..  ????  WTF..  never coming back.." "Great atmo for a mon. Bartender is nice and they have all the bar games. Ping pong  but it was 3 minutes after last call. The bartender who was kind at first also joined in the banter of telling us to leave. It was a very poor example of customer service. Especially for a group who was hoping to make it their pub of choice close to home. We won't be back."  first time was a little slow but awesome. Second time I asked for no lettuce or tomato on my burger and the male bartender said ""it comes on the side anyways"". Got my burger with the stuff on it. Third time I went in there the same male bartender walked past me three times without saying a word. I had to get up and walk out. Pretty pathetic to be honest." "Closest bar to my home. Decided to stop in for a beer and potatoes skins and wings. The appetizers are great here. Sat down and had drunk friend of the staff show up at our table claiming he knew us. The staff quickly ushered him off but returned a short while later again. The waitress took our order. Asked for two blue moons tall. Returned with beers and then asked if we wanted oranges. We  said yes. Waitress returned with two orange slices face down on a napkin! Ate the great potato skins and wings. Tabbed out I split the bill with my brother we both left two dollars each  the main reason we come here is because of the wonderful bartender Wayne! He's always in a good mood and you can tell he genuinely cares about the people who frequent this place. Thank you Wayne!!" "I come in every Tuesday for enchiladas. I always get amazing food  we had to be visible to her standards. And wouldn't give our cash back after she took our bill. Kept an eye on all of us the whole night and when we would want something she would give us a tone. Also started to clean our table up when we werent even close to being done yet. SUPER RUDE. Our whole table couldnt believe the service we were getting from her. We love going in there cause every waitress we had was a sweetheart but after her I don't think we will be back as much."  and by design with a high occupancy it does not feel cramped ... They have a fun version of sexual trivia on Saturday nights    and all around just clean plain fun.   Love this place.   All the bartenders rock." Dying o our lip 6ty  o k k  I'llo I I o pk ok ll y u u 0 [9)ll)l)loil Kiki ll [I I  but it was early NYE and the place was empty. I feel sick to my stomach. Never again at this place! Stay away from the burgers." VpQZo6KV8CqkIG_MRQ3jiA Many of the patrons that frequent there know each other very well." Great place to go and have a pint or 2.  They have darts ping pong and pool to name a few games.  Drea gave us outstanding service and always with a smile! This place is a kick ass little corner bar. Lots of TVs with sporting events and great people. I definitely recommend going and checking it out once their patio is done being built. Drinks are potent and service is the best. This IS the mini version of a Cheers in Arizona.  this place definitely fits the bill. Just look behind the Baskin Robbin's cuz it is tucked away." This is definitely a place to go when you need to have a drink to relax." So if you're looking for a great place to unwind after work  and I've heard rave reviews of the live entertainment they get.  Wish they had a menu "Great place to drink and socialize.  Tons of regulars who will soon become your friends.  Bartenders are just as nice!  Very neighborhood bar.  Great jukebox or live music many nights  with great great great staff and service! The mood is always friendly and relaxed... this is a great place to just kick back Yikes -- Won't be back." Having said that I think I will roll over for a drink about now. I am really going to love going to this great neighborhood bar."   the snacking menu could be improved "This is a great place just to hang out and enjoy great company. Everyone here makes you feel right at home... patrons and workers. They have a cozy patio with a nice TV where you can enjoy a cocktail and a smoke. And inside the bar there are dart boards and Golden Tee "Went to this bar last night since it was close to my apt. and rec'd decent reviews from Yelpers.......NOT!! I have never been so obviously ignored since my days in Southie (a well known anti-black area of Boston). I paid for my drink and the bartender placed my change in front of the guy sitting next to me. Ok If you like smoky low life atmosphere.. then this is the place for you.  Bartender not too friendly and it's a dump! A fun time was had by all.  I'll definately be back!"  and I did notice a huge stack of games to play. What a great idea! I will absolutely come back with some friends to play some Jenga or Apples to Apples. Patio is very cozy and comfortable. All in all  awesome outdoor patio and the drinks are reasonably priced. My girl Laura always takes care of me. Always a fun place to go (literally) tucked away from the P.V. Mall area."  and the drinks are seriously cheap. But cheap isn't bad here. The best part  better prices and a fun atmosphere tucked away. Iguana balls are tasty as well."  darts and especially Golden Tee. All of these things add up to a pretty decent place to go while away a couple of hours."  in fact most of the time you will have to order food out b/c they don't have much. The food they do have fried pickles and iguana balls(chicken balls) are really good. Just kind of boring as far as bars go with crappy country music and usually not a lot of ppl in there."  and friendly staff (Rob is awesome) They also have a juke box we always entertain ourselves with. They don't have a big food menu so I wouldn't recommend it if you're hungry.. otherwise this place is awesome." Check it out.  See you this weekend!" "Great place to grab a drink after work with friends that isn't corporate or pricey.  Just laid back Very nice and clean! Cool vibe and cheap drinks! You have got to try the beer spunge it's delicious! They also have darts and do a Christmas in July to help charity every year! Is defiantly recommend it. They also have really nice drink specials everyday! "" and a good atmosphere. The regulars here definitely make everyone feel welcome." The bartenders are always very friendly and the drinks are usually very cheap but... I would ask about the price of certain pitchers of beer before purchasing one. Certain brands are shockingly pricey. Other than that great bar to just hang out and have some good times with friends." A great bar - super friendly - plus live music. "We go to the Paradise Lounge quite often. It's very close to our home and it's the perfect laid back place for us. Gotta love the touch tunes jukebox and darts! De De always mixes up the perfect potion to get our night going! Psssst...try the sweet tart!! :-) Usually a pretty chill crowd. Saturdays they will typically have live music  good prices ! Would recommend this place to anyone looking for a bar!!" Great little local place. Always enjoy coming here. I absolutely love this place.  The drinks are cheap and the environment is cozy. It's a little hole in the wall bar so it might be a little tough to find. The staff is extremely friendly and remember us by name even though we only go maybe once a week. They have tons of board games to play which we found entertaining after a few drinks. I would totally recommend this place! !! Won't accept a vertical ID for some reason never been to a bar that didn't. The bartender was nice enough but only 2 stars for a waste of time. Definitely check this one out if you're in the area. Oh and the open mic night is on Tuesdays in case you were wondering!" "This place is a hidden gem. My boyfriend and I love the ""cheers"" wooden bar and the back patio (if you smoke) They have super sweet bartenders "This place is awesome~!   It's a mini ""Cheers"" where everyone knows your name~!   Beers & Drinks are cheap~! If YOU SMOKE they have a quaint outside deck in back~!  This place is the areas best kept secret~!  EVERYONE is so fun and friendly~!  A Definite WIN WIN~!   ;)"  just in case that's not your thing." I only go here once every six months...and the staff always remember what I drink. Who has that kind of memory?? "My favorite hole in the wall bar filled with good people 1rOQVIlUlLBcf1EDj_n4Vw  but I've heard it's good. It's hidden away in a strip mall but the interior is classic. They also seem to like hockey at this bar which is great for a place in the desert..." We used to come here as our regular bar. We moved and stoped in tonight to have a few drinks and meet up with everyone. We waited 15 mintues to get a beer while the bartender krystal was talking on her cellphone standing at the bar. She finally talked to us after 15 mins and it took another 10 to get our drinks. Dee and Tyler have always been amazing. This krystal is definetly a dissapointment and makes us not want to come back. "Paradise Lounge is absolutely amazing! My spouse and I enjoy our free time diving into their cozy and charming environment once in a while. If I didn't hear about this place I would have never found it This place was really awesome and I can see myself making this a hang out when I want to grab a drink close to home."  and it was even better.  It's a very laid back small bar and as someone said before they do have the wii in the corner that you can play on (how awesome is that)!  Drinks were cheap and the bartender was super sweet (April).  Good music selection and it doesnt get too crowded.  Everyone should definately check this place out =)"  bartenders here know how to pour a drink & are very easy on the eyes. Great place to hang for a few after work. A+++" Cool dive bar.  Friendly bartender that remembered me and my drink from years ago at another bar.  They let me park my Harley on the sidewalk too. "This is my favorite hole in the wall neighborhood bar.  Whether I wear my suit and tie E-_PkZNDuYxW1zs4XFlVmw Bartender was awesome in dealing with a drunk patron....I would have beat his #*$( for what he was saying but she was smooth." This was about what I expected! Fun place for sure. Nothing that really makes it stand out per sey I've been here a few times and each time was fun. The drinks are cheap and the bartenders are friendly.  Good neighborhood bar where you can drink cold beer and meet new people. Casual atmosphere and relaxing.  Can't say I'm a regular but I'm working on it. Drinks are cheap and the crowd are all locals. Not attitude to be found here. I popped in on a week day so I'm keen to come back and see how it is on weekends." "Debbie Wouldn't serve a 100 percent combat veteran because I had a interim license from California. I had wallet last week in ocean beach  but probably not after that. Plenty of other bars to go to." "Best dive bar in the neighborhood. Debbie and Taylor are the funnest bartenders you're going to find in the area. It's a dive bar "One of my dive  fav spots in PHX. Big  thanks Debbie we won't be back. Is this a strip club or local bar."  super loud music and drug addicts in the parking lote.. THIS PLACE IS FOR YOU." I recently went in to this bar with a bunch of my friends...I met a guy who knew my husband and the next day my husband saw this friend and said hey did your wife get a free round of drinks for her group? I said no and he said well he gave the bartender danny 40 dollars to buy us around and we never received it....she stole the money! Shame on her! The owner was told and did nothing....danny stole and they didn't care! Be aware! Maggie is the best bar tender ever! This is a 100% authentic old-school neighborhood dive bar. Well worth a visit if you're ever in the area. Beer and a shot please! "I like this place and Maggie is the bomb. Good happy hour prices and it's on the way home. This is really a place for locals as I see the same people there all the time Love this bar. Everything here is awesome. Great drinks and great bartenders. Only wish there were more pool tanles  especially the staff. They are always so happy to see me. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a bar to attend regularly. Say hi to Maggie and Nick for me!"  an altercation ensued which moved OUTSIDE of the bar and resulted in Jaxx hitting one of our female friends in the face! It's such a drag because we live in the hood and LOVE this bar. Maggie works Wed-Sat nights...I recommend avoiding this place like the plague any other time." peep the murals towards the back for a journey through time ;)" "Eddie's has become one my favorite dive bars in town without really being a ""dive"" bar. The crowd is some if the trust professional drunks I've ever seen but always a lot of fun and great prices to boot. .. no panzy asss wwak drinks either!!" "Maggie is the bomb-dizzle. Was driving down the road with no particular place to go. As I drove saw the faint neon signs of eddies tavern... And thought to myself I must stop in for a beer. One turned to two The greatest dive bar of all time. Pool table and a bar... That's it. The bar staff is interesting to say the least. My wife and I love this place.  that makes you feel like you've been friends forever......even though it's the first time you met. Cheers Maggie!" "Maggie is the best. She treats you like a long lost friend every time you walk in the door and gets your drink before you can even order it. She's got a great memory and handles the sometimes rowdy regulars with ease. Great neighborhood dive bar  who knew. What a fun amazing hole in the wall! Maggie is AMAZING! She will never forget a face. She's fun and vibrant. Exactly what I want after a long day at work! Thank you Maggie  which he would love to tell us stories about. Well on this particular night Charles was telling us about his sports jersey business. He claimed he could get any replica NBA jersey of any basketball player from any era for $50.00. Well I had to call bullshit on that one. He asked what do you want. I told him there was no way he could fulfill my request. He said in a true ""Detroit street hustler style"" bring it on bitch. I laughed and said ok fucko I'll pay you double If you get me a 1969 New York Knick #10 Walt Frazier home jersey size xxxL He smirked and said what will you give me if I had it here in 15 minutes. Knowing He could not possibly deliver I told  him I'd double it again $200. As fast as the words came out of my mouth he was on his way out the door telling me it was 12:18am and he would be back in 12 min. My fiancee and I laughed Eddie's Tavern is on of the oldest bars in Phx. It such a fun corner bar with a everybody knows your name feel. The best and sweetest bartender is Maggie! Two thumbs up!  great prices on drinks and beer and Sunday football means someone always brings potluck food nice friendly owners and bartenders Stopped bye heard it was good . Becky the bartender was rude and didnt want to serve us. I wouldnt recommend anyone stopping here for a drink. I wouldn't waste your time here. Negative star if i could .  but after the past couple months this bar has become nothing but drama. Between some of the female patrons just acting like fools or confronting/yelling at someone when they walk through the door Eddies is not worth the mental stress.  One of the biggest disappointments is now there is a former bartender from Eddies coming back in as patron.  Who wants to go out and try to enjoy themselves with all this chaos going on.  I would not recommend going to Eddies unless you like chaos or until the owners get the place under control."  was able to talk with the people and the bartenders... this seems like a chill place to hang out and enjoy a cocktail My guy friends like the hot waitresses." I love Joe's!!!! He always has awesome bands playing. The Bartenders are generous with the alcohol. I love it. The only thing is I live so far away so I dont get to frequent them often.  which happens to be one of my favorite things to do.  There always seems to be one group there that can't quite let go of the eighties and I think that is fantastic!  The owner is very cool  it's certainly a good place to ""people watch."""  and the atmosphere is very laid back. It reminded me of all those underground concerts I went to when I lived over by sunset. Well it ends up the DJ at my work plays in a band with joe called drunk otis. So now I go see them play and watch them get wasted...I was with bad company the first time. Not bad "This place is a great place to see live music. I have been into the local music seen for quit some time now and there isnt one local band that hasnt played here. Great drink prices. And while they are settin up the stage between bands there are always $1 shot specials.  I usually go on a friday or sat night but they have open mic nights as well  the booze is reasonable (were $3 ""you call its"" a special for everyone for the hour before music started or just for our group? either way  no. Great live music? YES. Cheap drinks? YES. Fun atmosphere? YES. I love love love this place. When I want to go hang out after a long week and listen to some great bands  great drink specials and awesome music. Not too crowded but crowded enough. Joe is there most nights and great fun! Will be back next time in AZ!"  or somewhere else in BFE compared to where i live (north phoenix). I used to go to all the smaller venues in dallas where everyone knows your name and the music is good any day of the week.  I hadn't been to a show in six months so it was time for a fix. I finally heard someone mention Joe's Grotto and it was only 5 miles away - so i had to check it out.  And I was pleasantly surprised.  Its about the perfect size; patio was kinda crowded Best place in the area for live music and reasonably priced drinks."  Good music but really who wants to sit at a tiny table to watch a rock band. No drinks on the stage floor area allowed the fun police run around to keep you from standing too close to the isle or too close to the stage area with a drink. Not a huge fan of the area either." I HIGHLY recommend going to Joes.  It is a great place to make your usual hang out!" The event I went to see was absolutely out of this world fantastic but that is a whole other story.  Joe's Grotto as a venue or a bar was great and I will definitely be checking out their calendar of events! You should too!"  were really cool. I swear I wasn't THAT drunk. Promise! Lol. Just loved the feel and vibe of the place. Now if only I lived a little closer..."  probably my next favorite place after The Rhythmn Room. The servers are friendly-the girl who took care of me at the small bar near the door to the patio was a sweetheart.  They have a big screen TV outside so you can still watch the band play while have a smoke outside and/or an outdoor drink on the patio. Drink prices are reasonable. The stage area is set up nicely with tables and chairs nicely set up up to watch bands play. I will be coming here again soon for some more live tunes."  but you can bounce all night long.  The sound is excellent for the size of the venue and you can see the band from pretty much anywhere inside.  There's also a patio to get away from the noise if needed  for they are just meat heads who failed at life and must now relish in what little power they have. Or better yet "I've been to the Grotto a few times since they have good bands and a couple of them are friends of mine. But last was strange. The band was great (I'm probably biased on that since the singer is a friend of mine) but what was the deal with the $4 dollar bottles and drafts? Also p.s. Don't forget to try the Trix Shot. You're welcome." Visiting home after a long time away. Great to see this place in the neighborhood. Great bartender and owner. I'll be back next time I visit.  pretty girl's and a nice patio.  Get there early for big shows so you can be on the side of the bar where the stage is. The acoustics are much better. If you are there for the music..."  it was a great experience for a little bar and I'll definitely be back for future metal shows." Went there Friday for Project Independence Battle of the Bands. Cool set up. I loved the patio. Security was a bit overwhelming and short tempered. The best part was the drinks... far from watered down.  with a good selection and mosh pit allowance. They also have consideration for underagers (not me but still to include everything) and section off a space for them.  OH! and I almost forgot LOVE This place! Live music is the best music! Rock out here with local to National bands! LOVE!!!!!!! I would give five stars but they are too far for people in the east valley and booking sucks "This place is NOT GOOD!!! Even if you are 21 they WILL NOT serve you!!!! If you ever plan on going to this venue I am a regular at Joe's Grotto and it never disappoints. The employees are truly skilled at what they do.  Unlike some clubs or bars in town where you are a little apprehensive about using your credit card at Joe's you can rest easy when you do. The security is top notch and unlike other clubs or bars in town Joe's security can quickly asses a situation and prevent it from blowing up and killing your good time. They are open Monday-Saturday and on Sunday they have benefit shows for Cancer all the way to Arizona Human Society. JOE'S ROCKS!!! Set up is your typical live music venue Side note...Wolves at the Gate rocked! :)"  awesome talent.  Drinks are good and bar keeps cool.  Great place to just hang and listen to real live music Don't go to this bar if you wear any MC shirt..they will turn u away! This review is based on the sound equipment and stage. The drinks are ok. I did not order food and stayed only through the first band. $10 cover for an all ages show was no Bueno. The staff was friendly enough but the location is a bit scary. When the sign at the entrance says No Colors you know the neighborhood is sketchy.  what more could you ask for? Speakers seemed a little blown when I went to watch a live concert I'm not sure if I will visit again. I'll call ahead to ensure the bar tender isn't working that night." "Was there a while back for a show by the latest incarnation of 80's goth band Christian Death. The last opener was finishing their set as I walked in through the doors. Place was not that big but I was able to see the band up close and personal so that was cool. They separate the sections for alcohol drinking and under 21 in a way that you have to choose - be close to the stage or drink. I wouldn't have minded a drink or two but I couldn't be bothered to stay in the ""over 21"" section for the duration of a drink and then go back to watch the show from a spot closer to the stage. Sound was pretty good and lights were excellent to help create the mood. In a mall so plenty of parking. Will probably be back next time a touring band I want to see plays here." It's a dump....plain and simple. Photos on website are very deceiving. Reminds me of a 1970s American Legion Hall. Nice staff....but there's better places to see bands in Phoenix.  there's a good chance one of them grabs you from behind even if you had nothing to do with it. I could easily have lit up the fat idiot for his mistake but the police outside grants the nazi-stormtroopers inside a false sense of entitlement. If you don't want to be forced into a bad position where you have to decide whether to defend yourself or get arrested then boycott this venue all together" I'll definitely be back again" RJ's is a fine little stop in. I upped the rating due to the food. No patio here... Just a back door with 2 broken plastic chairs and a dumpster." "RJ's has closed and is now Over Under Sports Grill. New ownership 