Ran around the store looking for those few items that I needed to satisfy my need to build and create.  Minimal help from the small quantities of employees I am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence.  What was originally an average Lowe's has turned into Lowe's Hell.  If the associates do not have basic logic comprehension Can't really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lanes it's a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with a single associate." "This local Lowe's serves its purpose for my husband and me -- a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two. I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store. I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe's stores "Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it  I called our salesman (David Crane). He was surprised that I had not heard from the installer. He told me he would send a message to the installation dept about calling us.Today it's July 8th and we STILL have not heard a peep from anyone at Lowes. Our total order that we planned on spending at Lowe's was around $1700.00 !! I called today and asked to talk to a store Manager. I told him that we have not heard from anyone at Lowe's and that we are not going to proceed with our order. I told him we would like our $35.00 back. He said OK  I cannot remember his name. (Bad customer on my part.) Thank you!!!"   who doesn't grab the wrong part?  Their garden section is great for Spring planting.  They have competatively priced appliances.  5% off with Lowe's credit card is also nice.  Having those large items delivered is a convenience. Their best asset is the expertise of the staff.  I frequently change mind on an original concept based on their input.   Highly recommended" I went into Lowes for a few items--one being a dehumidifier.  I asked 2 different employees to assist--they were rude and told me to read the box.  Being 8 months pregnant I couldn't lift the box into the cart and they didn't much care.  Finally after asking another 3 employees--I found one to help. So much rudeness --checking out and trying to find other items. Clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here.  just explaining my 3 star review :) The DampRid was sold in a 2 pack for under $6. I left satisfied." Now if only the key copies they made were accurate..." They even cut keys that actually work." The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because I was once (out of 50 times) given very bad advice about which stain to use that basically ruined a brand new $1000 wood door Shout out goes to the check out attendants "This was my first time to this Home Depot.  Very impressed with the customer service here.  We were redoing a bathroom and went in for more tiles.  They were out of them.  However  so I'll focus on that.  I feel bad for the lady that works the paint counter.  Each time I'm in there she always seems to be by herself with a line of customers all wanting there base paint tinted.  I don't believe there was ever a time I could just walk up to the counter and have my paint mixed for me.  Give that woman a hand."  for better or worse. It's a convenient location with a decent selection. 'Nuff said."  remember guys this was last February. So apparently there was a run on ACs last winter.   Anyway it's still working great even after I dropped a screw inside of it on accident and I'm happy with my purchase.  The staff did a good job helping us find the AC and I'd  be more then happy to spend additional dollars at The Home Depot.  I might even get that peace lily after all."  seek them out and skip this one (especially if you're going to have questions)!" But yea if your in need of some nice plants to go in the kitchen or patio OR you just want to spruce up a few things around the house I am not a Home Despot fan in general as I like to favor small hardware stores instead.  But I was here with a friend who is in the middle of a home renovation project and needed my help.  I was here at an off time and on an off day and the customer service was great.  3 out of the 4 people who helped us really knew what they were talking about.  I really felt like I was in a home depot commercial with the friendly workers explaining their products to you and helping you make smart selections.  In the course of an hour in the store at least 6 people asked me if I needed help finding something.  In Home Depot I often have to walk around for 15 minutes to find a sales person who knows nothing.  This Home Depot was quite different from the rest. VERY disappointing to me."  and that was an adventure because the employee working in the lumber section had never used the wood cutter equipment. I'd say that 9 out of 10 employees will purposely avoid you or won't be able to answer your question. Now I'm writing this while on hold on the phone for the garden center" This particular Home Depot is located just beyond Penn Circle in East Liberty ('Slibery) and is off a one-way street.  Don't come here for a relaxing shopping trip.  Be prepared for insane parking lot wars and lots of chaos once inside.  But if you live in the East End "After several other trips to this Home Depot (it is the closest option for me) the service has been better. It is still heavily dependant on the day person Waiting 20 minutes to get one piece of wood cut in an empty store on a Friday afternoon.  Priceless!  this is probably the best you're going to do for hardware in most of Pittsburgh." Tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency.  fail. qA1PXTv0snTO1gpNPm-Jfw "I've always enjoyed this branch for my home repair needs.  It's quite close and never too busy.  The staff have always been nice and helpful.  One complaint I have is that the key maker machine here seems a bit off.  Of the three times I've come to make copies of keys  but yet it seems like we barely fit in the parking spaces. With such a huge lot available Only downside is the parking lot craziness. I felt like I was going to get hit or hit someone else everywhere I turned."  everyone we came across said hello and was kind. it was actually surprising. Kudos to home depot. They are doing something right to have so many happy employees. Yesterdays experience is the reason for 4 stars." "Much better than I had expected for a home improvement store within city limits! Staff were helpful and knew exactly where to point me when I needed some guidance. The organization of the store is pretty much like Corporate dictates - the same as the rest. The items offered are reasonable quality I really like this shop. I can just spend hours walking around getting ideas of things to either update or change around my home. All the sales associates are extremely useful and educated. Occasionally it is difficult to seek out someone to aid you because they may be busy helping other customers.  and when you do see an employee they walk the other way half the time. The employees are nice but I get the sense it's managed terribly.  For the amount of business they do you would think HD could up their effort here."  ease of shopping and knowledge of the staff this does not compete with several Lowe's outlets I have frequented.  It is quite difficult to navigate on a busy weekend with parking difficult and carts all over.  It is difficult to get in and out of their lot as well."  I must say that I've always had a positive experience with the staff at this Home Depot. Somehow they've done a great job of never making me feel like a complete idiot when it comes to home repair. If you live in the city "I've shopped at several Pittsburgh locations over and while all staff are friendly and helpful there's something special about the crew at the East Liberty location. It doesn't matter if I'm buying light bulbs it a sink They hired people that had to be required to do certain areas correctly." Elizabeth from The Botanical Emporium did my wedding flowers and they were absolutely beautiful! They were so easy to work with and made me feel completely at ease. My flowers were everything I ever wanted and more. When I saw my bouquet it actually brought tears to my eyes! The greenhouse is amazing!  I very highly recomend the Botanical Emporium for all of your floral needs. "I hired Elizabeth to do the wedding centerpieces for my wedding.  The flowers and prices were great.  You can beat her price "I forgot to send my mother something for Mother's Day this year (whoops!) so I called up Botanical Emporium at 10:45 that morning to see if they could accommodate my needs and sure enough they took my order! I was so pleased with the arrangement thy sent her...""exotic flowers that permeated the whole house!"" She sent me a photo of the bouquet and sure enough they were very lovely. Super accommodating and such a tasteful display...I would definitely deal with this business again!"  but I guess that comes with a unique shop! I will absolutely be back to pick up items for people and consider them for any events I have coming up." I used to live in the area and would always patronize and recommend this business.  However with the last experience I will have to rethink that. My aunt and uncle ordered a gift basket for my grandmother for her birthday. When it was delivered it looked beautiful.  However once opened not so much.  Inside it was filled with....Dollar General brand goods. When I stopped down to tell them the owner and another worker told me what do you expect. If it was a busy season we would have gotten stuff from the strip. So moral of the tale. If you want to pay a whole lot of money for stuff from the Dollar Store you know where to go. To make it even more special the owner will provide a blank stare and a warm welcoming attitude that clearly shows she does not care. If I ever have the need to be purchasing flowers in the Pittsburgh area again I called on short notice to order flowers for a funeral - they created beautiful arrangements; their service was excellent and their hours of operation were perfect for making sure all got done smoothly. All around awesome from sale to repair. Their staff is very courteous and thoroughly explained how to properly maintain and take care of my machine so the problem would not reoccur. I would highly recommend this business. "Great all around experience. I purchased some lawn equipment for my home. They were completely honest and transparent through the process and did everything they could to get me the equipment i wanted  and knowledgeable to say the least.  Ask for Bryan (can't remember last name...but he usually has an awesome beard) he is great to work with!!"  but this place deserves a stop in to see all the things they've got going on inside!"  mostly big box stores anymore in the future.  We've spent thousands of dollars at this place over the years. Oh well."  as well as a lot of Alpines and other rock garden type plants that have me wanting to by a little house in Pittsburgh just so I can stop here and do a little garden!!  I'd recommend it."  knowledgeable and a great selection of plants!"  and helped me find a present for a friend. I know they make custom arrangements and have good relationships with other local businesses  there are quit a few.  My family has being shopping at Chapon's for years. Now we will be going elsewhere." "A beautiful outdoor nursery in Stallings. Kings Greenhouse has been a locally owned & operated business since the early 70's. It has just about any kind of vegetation that you need for your yard or garden. You could spend some time just wondering through the greenhouses and isles of plants & shrubs.  I've been shopping here for years and have always been happy with my selections & results. It's not the cheapest place in town  King's Greenhouse is a must-visit." Lovely place to just wander around and gawk at all the different plants.  The plants are obviously higher quality and better cared for than at the big box stores.  They are also very helpful with advice on plant problems. I'm new to the area and this will be my go-to nursery.  but it wasn't like I was asking her to wrap it for free. She was going to charge me $5 to wrap it and I also had another cute little plant sitting up at the counter ready to buy. She not only lost out on a past customer. She lost out on money for that day and a future customer that loves plants and would have spent a lot of money in her store. In the future I will take my money somewhere else to someone that appreciates their customers and knows how to be nice. I will never step foot back in this place again and I will tell my friends how I was treated and hopefully they won't shop there anymore either . Lisa.. All I can say is you need a lesson in good customer service and I think your coworker agrees with me because she came running out of the shop to tell me your name."  as well as any gardening supplies you might need.  They can even install your fountain or pond for you.  So it the redecoration urge hits  to the flower gardens & hanging plants on the front porch. Remember to enter through the back garden area & make sure to chat it up with the owner."  he refused to honor his guarantee at the end of the year. By this time many of the poorly transplanted plants had died. I filed a complaint with the BBB (look up The Royal Gardens on BBB website for detailed information) which remains unresolved as Mr Sweet refused to participate in the arbitration process. I would strongly advise anyone seeking a quality landscaping contractor to look elsewhere."  is for the advice and expertise of the owners who know their neighborhood and the surroundings.  They love to chat and will answer your gardening queries with lots of options." If your a garden buff or know someone who is then the Royal Gardens is a must." Charming place! Plenty of fountains and garden decor. Completely charming. A true respite from the busy city!! I found something for the gardener that has everything. "One of my top three garden places I shop at here in Charlotte. Just a fun place to visit and hang out for a bit Had to stop in here to get some screws for my bumper cause is was falling off.....The young man who helped me couldnt have been any nicer!!!  Even coming outside and checking it out.  Thank you!!!! I went to get my watch resized today and the lady working was rude upon greeting me. I decided to take my business elsewhere. I gave them 3 stars because they had sized a different watch for me in the past and the experience was mediocre.  and the charge was extremely reasonable (about half of what I expected..) . I will be back!  (BTW...the map here and address are wrong....it's on Parmenter St..not the beltline....Just down the road from Culvers.)" "Friendly staff that does not give you the typical ""BS"" when trying to sell you something. I own a landscaping company in the Madison area and after experimenting with other power centers around town Very good people to work with"  however no one wanted to help me.  There were several employee wandering about.  I tried for about 10 minutes to get someone to help me - no luck.   I absolutely refuse to beg retailers to let me spend money at their establishments.  I left and went to Ace Hardware on University Avenue."  crappy selection.  Fail." I highly recommend working with them."  $500 deposit back.  It is now too late for trees to be planted and established by winter.  I am waiting to hear back from them.  I will give an update later on as to whether I get my deposit back!  I have had trouble in the past with them not showing up for a job..no call ..nothing.  I should have learned my lesson then!"  and Bruce gave me a hard time about refunding me.  Last straw:  the $50 rubber plant I purchased in August came home with some time of mite infestation I am new to the Madison area and a avid gardener some friends told me to check out this store for seeds. I found there selection very good they carry the whole selection from seed savers and a good amount from baker creek as well as a number of others. the customer service was wonderful a clerk named Alyssa helped me with my selections of seeds and an orchid. I did look around it looked like they were doing some remodeling. prices were average for a garden center except for the furniture which looked of high quality but not cheap. the check out was fast and the clerk wrapped up my orchid so it would not be affected by the cold not something you would get at home depot when I bought one there.I will go back when its warmer to check out their plants since I want to start landscaping my new lawn. "I drive to the Bruce Company from Sheboygan every year to buy seeds for my vegetable garden. They have a great selection and lots of them are organic varieties. It seems as though lots of the staff are gardeners  and they even offer a return policy!  Go to Middleton and buy local!!!!!"  only two of whom were legitimately occupied with customers (although the one was bustling about in the plant section pulling something together for a customer and passed me multiple times without even a ""hi""). I immediately downgrade any business whose employees don't acknowledge customers."  to be exact) here over two years ago. We were fairly picky about the size   shape we wanted and staff accommodated us by ordering more of the particular kind we liked. We then got to pick out the ones we wanted from the shipment that arrived (that was more than we needed). I was worried that they would suffer after two harsh winters but even the bushes that were the hardest hit bounced back in the spring & still look great!" And that was my first and last experience shopping at The Bruce Co."  as they go above and beyond to help their customers in any way. Sad that Bruce's will happily lose a customer over one shrub." Good selection and friendly people. "I was impressed the first time I popped in this location. I didn't have high hopes since I was used to the Northport location. I found most of everything I was looking for and even one type of Japanese Maple I thought I'd never see here in a store in WI. If the drive weren't so far for me  charming!!!!!!!!!! the associates are very savvy with gardening tips and knowledgeable. Please ask them for any concerns or questions on plants. They will give you the best tips. My yard looks beautiful thanks to proper advice and help from Jungs. Not as cheap as wal mart nursery but you get what you pay for" "Staff are always a bit snooty. Decent selection of tropicals for my indoor pots  it's really inconsistent. And they've mixed the wrong color for us more than once."  nobody until I reach the 3rd associate who's able to guide me right where I need to be. But by then I've made my way through the entire store looking for a product that's generally right where my journey began. If you're looking for humidifier filters or a pumice stone to make your toilet bowl shine... you're screwed. Wait no  and I found the correct brackets at a local hardware store when an old man working there saw me wandering around and chased me down to help me. SERVICE.)" We had special ordered doors which were delivered late. We received no notice that there would be a delay and calls to the millwork department went unanswered or a long time was spent on hold waiting for someone to be tracked down. In-person visits were very stressful because there was never enough staff in the department and oftentimes there was no one around at all. Overall we've not had problems with the store but after the experience we had with the millwork department it is doubtful we will ever return.  true Chicago dog style! Great hot dog!"  authentic and delicious.  If you are there shopping and you need a break or a quick lunch?  Definitely the place to go."  batteries - almost anything you want. Just bought my brand new fancy battery charger. Quick check out "Some days the staff are really helpful but at other times it seems like I can't find anyone to help me. One time I had to get a bathroom vanity and a toilet onto a cart by myself I just didn't feel like they wanted to help me or cared to have my business and that's the worst feeling someone dropping close to $100 can have at a business."  and it was spreading to other crops. The disease spread to other pepper plants that I purchased from elsewhere. It's very frustrating to put a lot of work and effort in to a garden My balcony didn't turn into an outdoor oasis after one weekend." They have a large variety of plants and flowers at very reasonable prices. Everything I've purchased there thrives. It's the only place I will go.  and I found myself constantly ducking under low-hanging pipes; I watched people shorter than me doing the same. The isles are barely wide enough in places for one person with a cart "Very good selection of succulents (kind of hidden away behind the cash register) and phenomenal customer service. An employee walked me through picking compatible succulents  but be aware that customer service when browsing for plants will be scarce." "Was hunting for cat-friendly house plants and the employee here was so helpful! Gave us a list of cat-friendly plants and pointed them all out to us. We got four plants and he potted them all for free. Four beautiful plants  but don't say I didn't warn you. ;-)"  but I feel like this location has the least amount of plants as compared to the Sun Prairie one which seems to stock more things. In a pinch The guy behind the counter has a great sense of humor. If you are easily offended NFiITDN6V53iLAOTOZgbOQ Only four stars because I haven't had a chance to visit the storefront yet."  they also stylishly put the card inside the wrapped basket itself and put up with my phone calls asking if everything was going according to plan.  They also added the flowers as a last-minute request and didn't overcharge me for it . . . overall great people to work with!!" "Called direct to the flower shop after picking an arrangement that was listed on their website. Person was very professional who took my order. They were able to deliver the same day too! My Mother-in-law was very happy - she sent a picture of what we order- flowers looked fresh  the flowers which had already been paid for were very different (much much smaller bouquet) than what I was told I'd be getting  old flowers.  Tons of swearing and screaming coming from the back room "We had Felly's do our sons bar mitzvah flowers including baseball themed centerpieces. everything was absolutely beautiful and Romni the manager was incredibly helpful with ideas and execution and basically held our hand every step of the way which made the whole experience fun and easy for us "Helped tremendously by friendly staff especially Pam who helped me make decisions for family who lives out of state for my Uncle's funeral flowers. Very fair pricing and quality work. Seems like a cheery place to work. Also have beautiful Casapri cards/wrapping zzhSCOVTZ7MUKOAfwT-Bsw Place is fantastic! Best in Madison. For all things growing - inside and out. Nice to be in a store where employees actually know what customer service means. They really try to be engaged with their clientele - they have a monthly Friday shindig with some cold meats and sodas I can't say much about selection because it's not my area of expertise but in terms of customer service  I rented an Eleit chipper from American Equipment Rentals(AER). I had never used a chipper and was impressed with the helpful personnel at AER.They walked me through the operation of the machine and even had me bring in some of the shrub that I would be chipping I went here with my grandfather when I was a little kid so we could snake our drains. But I needed to grade my uncles front yard with over 30 tons of dirt and a few other things so I called and try said it would be around $225 for the small or medium skid steer and I got there and billy was great and talked me threw all the procedures and told us to get 2 different buckets (one for moving dirt the other for dragging the high spots down) it was very simple and there machines run great and I will continue to rent from here till they decide to close as I hope that's never and I will always give them a call when I need something for my construction business "out of business on april 30 One tip.  There is parking in the back which saves you from having to hope there is a space open in the front-saves time!." The unfortunate fire that closed most of the businesses at the NW corner of 16th St. and Bethany Home (Richardson's  this is my favorite hardware store in Phoenix. The staff is always friendly and know me by name. I have bought so many items from here for our endless home improvements. The paints they carry are great quality.  They may not have every color under the sun  it is nice not to have to go to Home Depot for everything and it is centrally located and the employees all know where everything is so finding things go quickly.  Parking does blow here but I am grateful there is a location here to save me when i need just a little something real quick."  but they seem to carry everything I need.  There is plenty of parking in the back and no one seems to know about it (well  and I'll continue to shop here as long as they fight off the big boys." A REAL hardware store with people who are knowledgeable!!  10 Stars for Koller...the only thing I wish they had were squeaky hardwood floors. "Koller's is conveniently located and I'm happy to support a local business for my hardware needs. But I find that the staff while helpful aren't overly pleasant. I guess I just need to get over myself but considering that I could go to Home Depot and pay less The prices seem kind of high and variation of product seems to be low.  I like the place overall since its close. Long live the independent hardware store!" great store with knowledgeable info  but it's bigger than it looks. They have a large variety of products and the staff is super helpful and attentive. I much prefer to shop here than the big box hardware stores. They always have what I need and they didn't bat an eye when I brought my basset hound in with me once." "This is the quintessential neighborhood hardware store - I go here at least a few times monthly.  The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable about most things.  The selection is usually good So glad places like this still exist!" "Needed a replacement socket for my mother-in-law's lamp and this store was a mile away. It took less than 2 minutes from when I walked in to the time I left with the item I needed in-hand. Greeted right when I walked-in. Very helpful young man walked me over to the electrical components section. I didn't pay more than I would've had I went to the ""big-box store  but they are a small business and I think a slightly higher price is to be expected. I generally find the staff to be helpful and I can't remember ever leaving there without the item I was hoping they would have." They are moderate to pricey but they can provide you with nice things in the area of tropical plants that you might not find so easily elsewhere." I consider this store to be a Central Phoenix staple. They offer a beautiful selection of greenery and accessories in a casual setting "What the hell is this place? They can't possibly hold down that lease selling only pots (boring/average ones~oh but you can pick your color from a swatch). THEY DON'T HAVE ANY PLANTS FOR SALE! I foolishly went in there looking for a bonsai tree. NO  knowledgeable human being who works in this place. I'd rather be stuck in Newark Airport than shop here."  I said boobies. Sure sign of my gayness. But a shim? How many of you know what a shim is? Hmmm? A shim is a small wooden plank I use to steady a wobbly table. And I looked high and low for these babies. Finally I'm sure I will see you in a few days  avoid this location if you're looking for any type of cutting services for lumber. there machine has been broken since october."  as this is the home depot closest to my flat!" You know what i expect?  I expect a store to stock the things they sell and several others you always make my visits enjoyable." i'll have to change my regular depot to this one if that's the kind of service they offer!"  great customer service coupled with excellent and reasonably priced selection? See ya next Saturday  you usually wait awhile before you really find it. But they have nearly everything and I can always head there when I'm in a bind." "We were on a mission to find insulation that was not cellulose or fiberglass. We found a company online that sells polyester so headed here to find out if they could order it for us. Turns out they could and we ordered enough for our attic and were happy they could help us. However  the have virtually no carts or trollys. To top that off you get accosted by illegal immigrants as drive in to the parking lot and while leaving."  hardware and other goodies.They convenient hours because sometimes I just want to complete a project on a Saturday and they're open 'til 9! I usually spend more than I plan to because they have so much cool stuff. I just wish it were a LITTLE closer to my home." The staff is usually fairly nice and knowledgeable. The rental department seems to have lots of options Lots of parking in the lot. The staff is very helpful and friendly." Extremely helpful and positive staff. Did an online order for pickup and then did some miscellaneous shopping.  Special thanks to Tracie at the customer service desk who directed us away from and to items that were better suited for the job we were doing. I always have a great experience here  Roddy went above and beyond in helping me to resolve an issue with homedepot.com. Thanks to his exceptional customer service If you need to hire some extra hands there are lots of 'employees' waiting outside in the parking lot.  I wouldn't recommend hiring them." I literally only go here because I have to "This location is a total war zone and no one knows what they are doing. Its almost like a Home depot in Mexico City... if there is such a thing. You have to take a number in the paint department... almost like a deli in New York  you will always be lucky enough to find day laborers loitering at the entrance. You'll know your shopping experience is complete when you return to your car to find someone begging for spare change ""to catch the bus""."  let's face it - they're guys helping guys...conversations are stereotypically short and to the point with very few niceties.  The 3 (count them - 3) guys that helped me today were nothing but genuinely friendly.  I would gladly go back without The Boy in tow and feel comfortable knowing at least some of their guys are the good ones there and actually want to help me. :)  (Wish I'd caught their names....I think I was just too busy counting my lucky stars that I didn't have to lift that stupid bucket....)"  and I got to feel hot in the process! WIN!" Chris is awesome! Super knowledgable. Extremely helpful.  but still spend a good chunk of change at this HD and I wanted to know how to make the most of my budget. She explained the spend level I needed to reach discounts and also how the bulk buying worked. Great help for my future jobs!  Thanks!"  I hope you are working this weekend as I am flying in to do a few more projects." Went there last night to get my home key made.  Saw a uniformed Phoenix Police officer in the store.  Not sure if this is a one-time thing or they always have an officer on-duty.  But overall service was great and fast.  Definitely a place to go to for all your hands on projects.  or patio pavers any different from the Del Taco down the street. There also won't be anybody around to help you if you are wondering the difference between Douglas fir and pine. This store is very busy  the staff including the manager running the store finally figured out that the someone had set the door up front in customer service (where the rep who called me said it would be) dahhh.  When I commented on how ignorant everyone was the manager started threatening me and I thought I was going to have to call the police.  I have written a letter to corporate about this store and manager.  If you must shop at Home Depot make sure it isn't this one unless you are experienced in Martial Arts.  It truly is the ghetto and the staff reflect it."  and....even helped me get everything into vehicle.  That kind of customer service is almost extinct and he should be recognized for his effort and professionalism."   but it is hard to deal with.  I used to be in there a lot.  All of the workers bust their guts trying to get the orders out and correct.  They are exceptionally helpful and try their best.  Apparently I was expecting the worst. A day wasted and mess left everywhere. NOPE. On time Love the staff. Very helpful and happy to advise even if the Home Depot cannot be the end supplier. Ask for Tevin ! The best ! DC77ROlgfnpxQNFKQbbpnw DC77ROlgfnpxQNFKQbbpnw  and this is by far the worst one I've been to in the country. I just bought a home in the area and have been to this particular location dozens of times over the last 10 months. The staff is in not knowledgable  I had to snatch a star down because there's a bit of a wait (5-10 min) for assistance every time."  I will drive three times the distance to go to Lowes. I worked at Home Depot as a teenager and I remember managers would chew our asses if we didn't greet every customer and asked if they needed assistance. I guess standards for hiring have gone way downhill. I wasted an hour of my day."  but it had all I needed for my fence / gate project. This store appears to be fully stocked and prepared for all the odd requests. It was slammed this morning with other people's Saturday projects but it seemed to handle the traffic well. I will definitely be back to this location."  it usually done with minimal personality and little to no professionalism." I'm in and out of this store allot and for being a very busy HD they normally have what I need and plenty of checkout lines open."  even a 1 star review if far too generous. Its a shame; they lost any chance of my next order which would have been about another 3K in a week. Their loss is Lowe's gain." "Let's be clear; still unacceptable to put a pallet of blocks on a slope. Still I am updating as HD did address my issue reasonably regarding the incomplete order. . Really the 5 stars to belong to three ladies who work there. Period. One; the lady near the car  loading area on managed account side (right entrance if facing) there almost every day. Two; the lady with the blonde braids today in tools that helped me find a pair of overpriced  you can find anyone to help you). No one is ever in the lumber dept. and only one person in the paint dept." The meth-addicts in the parking lot don't help either. I would be really scared if my wife said ""I'm headed to Home Depot; be right back.""" home depot....again another disappointment" I came to this Home Depot couple months back but never wrote a review. When I came to this Home Depot I bought over $1000 worth of material to build a fence for my backyard. I've had the worst service I've ever had and probably my whole life. I bought a bunch of fences and it took them over four hours to take him all the way to the front. It was it due to high busyness in the store for the store was pretty empty. Who is the lack of employment that was inside the store. To where you can barely find any of employees that could help you with anything. Yet there contradicting their own logo as in how can I help you. I actually drive miles out more further to different Home Depot just so I can get the right customer service that I'm looking for. I would recommend this Home Depot to anybody I know it's a franchise and everyone knows what Home Depot is but this Home Depot is as if it wasn't part of the other Home Depot's I feel like they do their own thing and it's horribly managed. It's sad to say but now I understand that everything points to the leaders of a business. Also the location is always packed and I run into a lot of people who do not speak English"  roaming the aisles like a kid in a candy store DC77ROlgfnpxQNFKQbbpnw They made me wait for 20 minutes to get some wood cut and never shows so I left to go to Lowe's where I got Service. This Home Depot Poor service. This was the 2nd store that day in the same area where I had problems with people in their customer service departments. Maybe it is due to the area which is a low rent area which of course attracts a different type of customer."  but not this one! The customer service here is just horrendous and the vast majority of the employees have no clue what they're talking about. Anytime I try to make a return they make up new return policies and interrogate me like I'm some sort of criminal. Just go to a different Home Depot." "Quick and efficient service. Needed a truck for rental tried to do the math on it all to get the best deal vs renting with uhaul. Uhaul charges by the mile "Horrible customer service! People around here don't know where their own items  are. Then midway to finding the right aisle in the store the guy helping me stops to help another customer and leaves me walking on my own. when I find the area myself he doesn't even ask if there is anything else I need. Maybe the fact that I'm picking up a tool cabinet and I can't carry this shit myself  only measured and that it would take 1-2 weeks to actually install (if I was lucky) I tried to figure out what I could do to get this door in as quickly as possible. Getting their door department on the phone was near impossible. I spent more than 15 minutes on hold on three separate occasions and got disconnected twice. Having them look up my order was like pulling teeth and half the time they said they couldn't find it. It was a nightmare. All I wanted was a back door. I ended up using Serviz and they were fantastic. If you need a door Bill deserves Employee of the Month for going above and beyond!!!!!"  which was in the shopping cart.  We cancelled it through the credit card company  all of the time. Can be messy/disorganized. I would call customer service lackluster but you'd be lucky to get any help at all. Hopefully you know what you need and where to find it."  which is why the manager refuses to make shopping at this store any easier. The tighter that he cuts the staff and the least inventory he keeps on hand bodes well for his bottom line. As I write this I've been waiting 20 minutes for someone to come and get a product off the top rack. Pathetic!!!!" I love this place especially because my daughters and I are starting our little garden of flowers can't wait for the outcome  and represent under 10% of the people I have to deal with ."  not one person asked if I needed help after being in the store for 30 minutes looking for one thing. Terrible customer service. Lily at the self checkout was rude and not helpful at all. When I asked to speak to a manager about her rudeness  quality service and quality gardening supplies.  The customer service is especially good and the care taken of the plants is outstanding.  The only drawback is the price  but I love to gather knowledge about almost anything.  I was so impressed by the knowledge of the staff at Berridge and better yet - their eagerness to share their knowledge with us.  This place gets a huge thumbs up from me!" "This was my favorite Nursery in the area. Sure you can find plants at places like Fry's and Home Depot  I do not live in AZ otherwise I would love to come back and check out the veggies in the spring."  and care instructions for any plant from memory. Friendly without being obsequious It's also just a great place to wander around with the kids.  The extensive selection of roses in particular "Love this place. Great selection of everything and reasonable prices. Everyone is friendly and eager to help and teach you about the plants. Plus they have incredible gifts   but the staff was extremely knowledgeable in helping me find what i needed. i have driven by here and noticed their gates are close at 5pm? isn't that when most regular people get off work and need to shop for stuff?" Excellent nursery. Been there twice and always found something wonderful to take home.  and not the red that my fiance so dearly wanted.  Now I'm in trouble!  We call Berridge and they told us to bring it back and they would exchange it.  So now I have to dig this rose tree up and haul it back to the nursery.  Not exactly what I want to be doing.  When I got there I realized that I did not bring the receipt which is the policy for returns.  Not a problem though because Bill came out and assisted me and helped me find a different 36"" rose tree to replace it.  They did not worry that I did not have the receipt because I had left the tags on the tree.  The staff If you are buying potting soil they are expensive I usually go to Home Depot or elsewhere for stuff like that. I get my plants seeds and vegetables at this nursery it is my go to place for my hobby A beautiful nursery and yes I took a plant home. Christmas Carol Aloe.  It will fill in the low area in front of the new planter very nicely in about three years with lots of color. Slight care needed."  they have just about everything. Prices are definitely on the high side. The staff can be hit or miss; sometimes they are super knowledgable and helpful while other times they can be really short and impatient." If you tell them your situation they will suggest plants as well. The location comes up fast when you are driving the speed limit on Camelback so you have to really pay attention  but they always have time for a chat and whatever friendly gardening advice you may need.   The selection of roses especially (during the proper planting time in the spring) is first class.  The prices are somewhat higher than the big-box stores  friendly and knowledgeable. The main person we talked to even pointed out a couple of hummingbirds' nests as we passed by them just because they were cool. If I decide to be ambitious this summer and do some more planting (in the wee hours of the AM of course) I'll return to Baker."  do yourself a favor and head over to Bakers Nursery. Your plants will thank you!  ; )" So green up your thumb and get yer yard stuff here." I am going to start building my garden slowly and I'm thrilled to have such a great place to go to and hopefully I will be able to get some more help to keep my leafy babies thriving. I noticed that on March 14 there is going to be a Q&A session with their gardening staff so I will make a point to be there!" "Baker's is a great neighborhood nursery!  The staff is knowledgeable and helpful.  They sell quality plants and other garden products.  Last time I was in was to pick up some fertilizer to feed my trees at my new home.  I've never been through this process before and was a bit intimidated.  But the staff pointed me in the right direction and educated me about application  herbs and etc fill their property & I can always find what I need. They also have experts and some special shows on occasion which are very interesting to see." Jim Baker passed Aug 31  and their selection of plants is excellent!  So much better than Lowe's or Home Depot." I was so pleased to find my new partner in living green   Thanks Bonnie & we will def be going back to Baker Nursery!!" Best nursery in town hands down.  Very friendly staff and extremely knowledgeable that will spend plenty of time with you to make sure you get what you need.  You won't regret doing business here.  but the gentleman who worked there said that now is probably not the time to be shopping for them. He told me they get their roses in December and by mid January they should have a complete selection of them available. They get about 5500 plants each year and only 40 or so are not sold. Isn't that amazing? All these rose plants all over the city. What a nice picture in my head. haha...Anyway  with (hopefully) appropriate chill hours for our region." They have all their roses in now. We got the Cecille Brunner Climbing Rose bush and the Jean La Joie. They look healthy and are already starting to leaf out. Can't wait to see the show of roses in a year. They have a huge selection available right now but are selling out like crazy. So go fast if you want roses for your garden. Ideal time to get them in the ground is now.  but baker at least covers the basics and sometimes goes beyond. the staff is quite knowledgable. the seedlings and mature plants i have bought here usually seem to be much more hardy and less disease prone than the ones i impulse buy (against my better judgement) at the home depot down the street."  I picked my very first strawberry yesterday. Thank you Baker Nursery!"  and of course plants. I recommend supporting our local nursery (and not the Big Orange box down the street from them) and giving the gift of life (I know cheesey Baker Nursery is now my place to go for all my gardening needs." I remember my mother bringing me here as a child - I always had so much fun there. She brought me here because she also used to go there as a child! Baker's has been around for so long and is a wonderful family business. You should go check it out!" love bakers. super friendly and knowledge staff. great selection of plants and trees... always a relaxing trip to this nursery!  good selection and healthy plants. My second favorite nursery and one that I frequent often." "i love this place. i went on monday to buy a chile tepin plant. it was healthy  except during the heat of the day in the summertime!  :)" Very helpful & knowledgeable staff. Bought a lime tree and they have helped me keep it alive by answering my questions over the phone months after I bought it there!  no matter how good the staff is. Miss the old owners. Kids don't count." What a find!  A gardeners paradise!  A friend turned me on to Bakers and I was thrilled when I went.  A hidden gem in a neighborhood setting - so much better quality than the big box nurseries at a Home Depot or Lowes.  Gardners - go to Bakers - you will be so happy!  I promise!  and totally reasonable prices.  Staff helped me choose a plant to give as a gift Love Bakers. I live in Glendale an it is worth the drive to go see them. They know their stuff and am always pleased with my purchases. "Bakers is the best from plants to those concrete gnomey kind of things that can inhabit your lawn and garden.  I have been going to Bakers for about 54 years.  When I was a little child I went with my mother  but Charlie told me it was great that I was trying it out on something so pretty. He walked us around & even showed us a few plants that he is personally working on. He assured us that what we were planning on doing was right on track and the nutrients we had to feed the plants with would be great! I ended up buying even more Bonsai stuff from them after we talked. I will definately be back to this gem of a nursery. It was worth the drive!" "Went there today and thought the place was okay not great.  Was looking for something new that Lowes or Home Depot didn't have.  Didn't see anything that sparked my interest and so much of what they sell is under shaded trees or shades which I've been told means don't plant in full sun.  Well practically everywhere in my yard is full sun so they couldn't help.  Prices seemed decent on some plants  everything I have bought is thriving where it needs to be. They have a nice selection of seeds too." I'll finally get pumpkins in the ground before summer is over!"  I just call them to ask questions.  They are always friendly and interested in helping diagnose my plants and other garden folly."  that's where they stock.  Amazing selection of plants and trees.  5 star staff.  I have brought in a plant clipping and they will tell you EXACTLY what you have.  6 stars if possible for this place."  we headed to Baker Nursery to find new plants for our landscaping adventure. What a lovely nursery! It was well organized with plenty of shade so you didn't have to wander the aisles with the sun blazing down. All the plants looked so healthy and beautiful. My husband and I are both pretty uneducated when it comes to plants. We had so many questions  reminded me of why usually I'd rather just at start at Baker's.  I was looking for a  a particular variety of a certain plant.  I saw the plant but not the variety I wanted.  I was told they didn't have it.  I happened to see a representative of one of the big plant companies that supplies the big box stores. I can tell you from past experience these people are a different breed!  I know to handle them very carefully  as  they usually they just don't want to be bothered. There job is to get the product out there and be on there way Look it is a fine place but just not the end all for me."  and I hope other people go here on recommendation from me. Wonderful place Awesome selection of plants. Love coming here. Mark is a serious guru - thanks for all the help and great gardener recommendations!!!!  our Bonita Ash and Desert Willow are both thriving :) I have been here a few times before and really liked it but today I had questions about my garden.  Oh my!  They blew me away.  I didn't realize just how much I didn't know about gardening till I spoke with the staff.  They are just full of useful information.  Everyone was very friendly and very helpful.  I will definitely be back!"  you have lost my business." Supporting conscientious local businesses like Baker Nursery is an extreme pleasure!  It gave me heart just to visit with them." "I just love to go to Baker's Nursery. The people are so helpful and knowledgeable! They never mind taking their time to explain details of their plants. And Pretty good prices too!" "I finally stopped by Baker Nursery today after living near it for years. I have been missing out! Gorgeous 10 acres of beautiful plants. I purchased a pre-potted box of lettuce greens and also purchased a box for herbs that I got there. I spoke with Carolyn who was very knowledgable and helped me pick out the best herbs to go together in my box  service and expertise are bar none! They also have the friendliest and most helpful staff in the Valley. Mr. Baker would be proud of how his daughters have carried on his legacy." I also can't believe the other negative comments on here and absolutely no response from the owners!!  I hope everyone on my Facebook reads and shares this post." I ended up forking up the money for both anyway since I really needed them for my backyard. But this is definitely the last time I'm ever giving them my business and won't be recommending them again to any people." This place is great and the staff are wonderful! They immediately came to ask if I needed help. They went beyond help with my house plants I purchased.  So friendly and the plants are just beautiful. Of course I'm a DBG member and probably a future volunteer there so I guess that helps explain it."  and Chinese evergreen. I also picked up a cute Pink Confetti and a White Splash to add some color around my kitchen. They have some cute small potters that I used for them  4 inch plants. fully grown). The people who work here helped me choose some plants that would be at least somewhat difficult for me to kill....I do have a brown thumb  if anything goes right for you at Baker  pretty much everything you could want for the garden. Baker and Berridge definitely the best." Baker has a great selection of potting soils and conditioners to keep your garden vibrant." Family owned by group of I sister very friendly smart staff.  Their mother and father owned it.  Always helpful and attentive.   May not have the largest selection but plenty for the normal gardener.  They are very good at working with people on plant selection and planting tips.   I like the people.  Truly love plant loving people.  They have very good quality and I think a good selection of desert plants. "You'll never buy plants anywhere else after visiting Bakers.  Amazing find and nursery with the most helpful staff EVER.  Wish I would have discovered this place years ago Such a great nursery. I've been here twice. The staff is very eager to help. I love all the plant varieties they have.  just the way they told me to. I returned to buy more plants and trees for my house "They are closing in December 2014. I can't believe it! The helpful advice  pottery and so much more! The helpful and knowledgeable staff is so refreshing.   This experience is not to be missed." Their niche in the neighborhood will be a chasm after December." I found out Bakers is closing the last day of December this year.  I can't imagine taking care of my house and backyard without them.  No very often can I truly say that the closing of a business is a real loss.  This is!  This has always been a a ten star place!  too. I remember the last time I was here in the August and I asked one of the clerks if she'd already swiped my credit card. She laughed and said: ""we don't do computers here Thanks to the Baker family for many years of fine memories!" 7p0OI2Ld46-EzJkRHGQEJQ pCvl0km6v3Imcpq5UV_-UQ "There is a really large selection of different plants and trees. Half of them aren't labeled or priced. So unless you know exactly what you're looking for you may need to grab a worker... if you can find one. Aside from the cashier the only worker I saw was in the parking lot. I enjoyed walking around and looking at the wide variety of plants but I couldn't help but notice that every nook and cranny was stuffed with random crap. Every turn had revealed more gardening tools and materials  I'll head to Whitfill Nursery. For now I'm happy living in my concrete jungle with no plants to water. That's all for now. Time to sort paper clips and unjam the stapler." This was our second time buying from them - I would go back and also highly recommend them."  so this place could be crap. But the selection here was massive and I was pretty impressed. One of the owners even helped me find a host gift for friends I was staying with and gave me care instructions. Probably a bit pricier than the box stores  etc. The staff has always been super helpful and they also have gift certificates available."  in which some old shrew w/ no customer service skills refused to hang up her personal phone call and put through our transaction w/o so much as two words to me.  Totally inappropriate and rude." When I called the nursery and told them what happened they said oh well! All the other nurseries guarantee their plants this place sells you diseased plants on purpose knowing you will be stuck with them. I used to go there all the time  walked around the yard with us and made recommendations. They actually did the install a day earlier than scheduled. The plants they delivered were as promised. All the correct sizes and in lovely condition. They have very competitive prices. After a couple of weeks everything they've planted is thriving and looking absolutely lovely. I highly recommend this nursery. Their staff is ethical We walked away with some very effective weed killer and now I know what all of the random things growing in my yard are!  Prices were fair Sure they have a lot of stuff and attractively presented in front  I've gone here a few times in the past during what I thought were normal business hours (Sunday afternoons?) and sometimes they've been open and sometimes they've been closed.  (and I mean between the hours of like 1 and 3 PM.)  Overall Four stars for now.  I'll tell you more when I know more." PRICEY! thats all! :-) Staff is very friendly but holy shit are they expensive! (Edit:  Apple tree died.)"  knowledgable staff. I've been popping in here for years and recently been buying trees. Really happy with the service and quality. Best local / central phx nursery :)" "Since moving to the valley we have been frequenting Whitfill Nursery for fixing up the house we bought.  They are always very friendly and helpful when I ask questions about the plants.  We have purchased an orange tree  and the run-around started. NOW they needed an invoice number (provided) and were supposed to call back. No call back. Called again to check; no call back. Called to complain--no call back. We've just given up "Best Christmas tree selection and the guys helping are so helpful and nice. They give a fresh cut and assist to the vehicle. Janis  cider. A nice fire with seats and blankets. Ecstatic that we decided to turn in and buy our first tree here!!!" "This is an update to my previous review. Whitfill saw the review and contacted me via Yelp to see what they could do to make us happy. Without too much more trouble husband and i went christmas tree shopping here.. now we are getting plants for bbackyard landscapping.. great collection of plants amd pretty good staff. this is my go to for landscapping and plants indoor or outdoor :) "This is a Magical Nursery! Most employees were friendly and what a beautiful place to go! Love the chickens  nice wide aisles with plentiful carts. Highly recommend."  root bound plants which they sell at high prices. I got tired of that and stopped at Whitfill. It's enormous and they know what works here in the desert and what doesn't. They made great suggestions and then had my properly marked and brought everything out and ""installed"" the plants beautifully. They did a great job - better than I would have done."  They are local and I love the idea that they keep the community in mind and its needs The employees are always friendly and helpful and they make up for the high prices. Either way I would still rather buy from Whitfill that WalMart or Home Depot." I have a lot of work to do in my central Phoenix backyard  even after I pointed out that we couldn't start buying plants until we knew what we were doing.  But I kept calling every week just to see if he'd ever admit that he wasn't going to do the plan.  Two months later:  no plan.  Buh bye We buy our holiday wreath from here because they offer different sizes and are very full." Just had whitfill nursery plant my whole yard. Their staff at the Glendale store are all very knowledgable and very professional. Their delivery crew are the very best. All five trees and bushes were delivered and planted with care and perfectionism.  So happy I choose whitfills The staff has been helpful! I have went on several occasions and always had very knowledgable service. I am already looking forward to going back. I have yet to kill the plants which is also thanks to them. I strongly recommend them!  but they didn't have very many small vegetables which I was looking for  and the guys who brought the trees for us to look at were nice as well  I comparison shopped at Moon Valley Nursery and I was happy to see that Whitfill definitely has better prices and larger trees for the same box size.  Moon Valley had very pretty looking mesquite trees (nice shape)  but did fall down to about a 45 degree angle and one of the stakes snapped.  I called the next day and Whitfill Nursery kindly agreed to come out within a few days and stand the tree back up and stake it again.  They came today (2 days after I first called) and added lots of stakes to get us through the rest of the monsoon season  I went back to request a new 15-gallon Hopbush for one I purchased back in March that did not make it through the summer. They were most helpful and offered to replace the sizable plant! Matt  to replace the stuff dying from Summerwinds and just more.  Funniest part of it was when I got my stuff up to the counter.  The person there was having a nice conversation with someone.  Finally I asked her who could ring me up.  She seemed a little surprised that I wanted to buy all the load of plants and things on the cart I brought to the counter?  Oh well.  I will go back there.  I had a better experience there than I have had in many years.."  even gifts at their adorable adobe cottage. They know their product and are helpful. My only recommendation for Whitfill would be - 1. Create seasonal larger hanging baskets with a variety of plants (I would buy these all the time - it's hard to find baskets that are big enough to not dry out quickly). 2. Make sure the service matches the prices. I am willing to pay for exceptional service and usually I get it. But occasionally you're off - nobody is perfect. I will continue to be a loyal customer and thank you for giving me a cool place to explore through every season."  but I purchase poinsettias for St. Agnes Church at Christmas and flowering plants at Easter.  We receive so many compliments about the beautiful plants. I can't say enough about the helpful staff and wonderful products. Thank you for all your help."  I have a yard.            Witfill has a wonderful selection of cacti and succulents at very reasonable prices. They are healthy as well. My partner and I always stop when we are in town. Usually we by something huge and prickly. Somehow it always fits.      This is also a great place to buy a Christmas tree or poinsettia during the holidays. 3years ago we stopped 15 minutes before closing on Christmas Eve for a tree. They not only found the perfect tree but through in free decorations and a few poinsettias.                                                   They have peacocks and goats too! I love Witfill because I know that year after year they will still have beautiful plants and great service." "Very knowledgeable staff..only nursery In town to seem to have indoor plants. Lots of choices and beautiful grounds..go see ""Georgia"" she was awesome"   Matt and Rosendo are GREAT.  Our neighbors tell us we have the best landscaping in the subdivision." "Been shopping there for over two years and love the place!  Knowledgeable and very helpful staff has really been a plus since we are new to the desert.   Very wide selection choices.  We've purchased roses  or a dozen different kinds of herbs for my most recent foray into window box gardening.  They are cheap as can be  be recognized for working hard and to enjoy where we work and who we work for.  It was a nice eye-opener to see how a huge American retailer has instilled such loyatly and pride in its team members." The fact that it's pretty easy to find a decent parking spot and the people in the store are generally helpful in directing you to the correct aisle or recommending just the right do-dad to fix your whatchamacallit The carry almost everything I need on any given visit." If you thought this was useful  but was able to cut the copper tubing I needed to get done.  This location is solid in service and what I also notice that there are a couple workers with disabilities that are just as capable and helpful as those without.  Kudos to this location for their diversity in their team."  and friendly.  The installation went well with a completed job in a few hours. I would recommend the window buying and installation process from Home Depot to everyone." The selection and in stock status of this particular location is very good.  The store is always clean and they will help you load bigger stuff if you need it.  That's a win-win for me as I cannot lift heavy stuff." most people don't see the difference in service at all the home depots but i do every ones knowledgeable and will help you with everything.i have had no problems at this place. the only thing is vic at the return desk i call him pony tail because he has a pony tail. but he just rushes every thing but anyway i never leave with out spending at least $100. this home depot always has everything i need plus a little bit more . this is the home depot you want to go to out of any of the other locations "I am far from handy so I usually like to go to small places like Ace hardware because I know im going to get personal help all the time versus trying to chase somebody down at a big warehouse only to find out they have to chase somebody down in that department (you all know what im talking about).  Well this home depot is not like that.  Most of the employees are actually giving you eye contact and care to assist.  I was building a wooden shelf display for my business and didn't know what type of wood In all fairness the workers are friendly and do not let you just drift around the warehouse."  a good place to shop. This the the best Home Depot and hardware store in the area. They have helpful courteous staff members and good prices. For such a large warehouse it is easy to move around in and find what you need."  I went to Lowes and found a similar hot water heater and their contractor and installation price ($275.00) were both aligned with my expectations." fumble when I complained to them looking for help with Maytag. Woo hoo! I'm a fan."   Chuck and few others. if it wasn't for those few guys I would rate this place with 1 star." Hadn't been to this HD location in a while.  The last time it left a lot to be desired but this trip was quite nice.  The store was clean and they had plenty of the gardening supplies I was after at a terrific price.  The staff was very courteous and helpful as well. Great store! The employees are always friendly and helpful. The store is clean and the inventory is good. I like that there is an online inventory system! I'm usually at my local depot in NY. I was on a trip and checked out some appliance. The prices are way off and over priced! I noticed how they got more crazy pricing out here then in NY. I tried to tell them about some deals I get in NY. And they weren't doing anything like that either. I didn't purchase anything.. Was feeling great on the transaction. So I shopped around.  others are oblivious. Visit the Home Depot during off hours / slow times to get some real help. The sub contracting of delivery and install is a huge weakness. Home Depot uses the bottom of the barrel providers when it comes to delivery and installs. If you can possibly buy appliances and other products that require delivery or install elsewhere The kids classes on the weekend are fun for my son but the one time I took a class on how to make a rolling storage cart I showed up and there was no one there to teach the class. 30 minutes later after I already started to walk out they found someone teach it." I'm not sure if Joaquin and Johnathan at the paint counter were having a bad day or what...but they were quite rude. I stood and waited patiently at the counter they did not greet or make eye contact with any of the customers. When it came to my turn I waited for them to finish what they were doing and when 2 customers appeared they helped them. I was kind of shocked. I was with my fianc and couldn't believe it. Joaquin made eye contact with me a few times as he was working with one of the customers that went in front of me. I finally had to ask an employee that just arrived for help. These guys obviously hate their jobs or need a vacation. Disappointed with blatantly callous and childish behavior. We received excellent service. Hayden had a smile and was going the extra mile to check the price of an item for us. Mike was on break but noticed the item we wanted didn't have a tag and jumped in anyways. Although the store was hectic due to the holidays the customer service from these two were above and beyond. It isn't the closest location to me  he doesn't wanna help me and when he did he was giving us horrible attitude and almost screaming at me!!! Like they ganna give me shit for free Pretty good selection. Busy on Saturday mornings. Good prices. Hard to find someone to help when you need it. 0PMs2OgT2sTIJrQcxienVg We could not be happier with what Desert Gardens did for us. We completely relandscaped front and back and (much to my surprise) added a waterfall that we just love. They were incredibly adaptable and their follow up excellent. Our place looks fabulous!! A great experience! I live in CA and travel here at least one a year for pots!  They have an amazing and unique selection and are always bringing in new stock.  Well worth your time to check them out!  helpful and full of knowledge. I'm going back in the next couple of days to purchase more product! The lady with the hat? was so helpful and created a beautiful planter for my outside patio table today! I'm so bad Desert Gardens is on the west side of Cave Creek  after leading me to believe that Jenny would supervise the installation Desert Gardens sent a bunch of unsupervised workers to do the job who didn't speak English.  I believe that over the three week course of installation Jenny showed up maybe two or possibly three times. No one addressed the problems.  No one followed through.  If they had been hands on and had been around to supervise I visited there because of the special on Groupon and close to home. The salesman was appox. 20 dollars off  of what the 100 dollars the Groupon was valued when questioned he said he would give the difference in a bag of mulch. Well the mulch wasn't tagged and I felt 17 dollars was a bit much so I took something else. Most plants are overpriced and limited to desert. I won't be back even with 75 per cent off. Unless you are on the hunt for some particular rare cactus to fill your collection Highly recommend the place for good plants  this home depot is like any other home depot. Solid and cheaper than other home improvement places. The parking lot is a bit chaotic Communication issues... Bunch of rednecks around this place. A word of warning. Ask for your credit card back because the cashiers just forget it and then if you call back they pretend to have returned it to you...  I would rarely come to this store." My second and third experience here was purchasing Christmas lights with my brother. My brother drove so my insecurity in the parking lot went right out the window due to him having a huge truck. I think guys have a sixth sense for where items are located because he went straight in said ""hi"" to the greeter who was in the process of offering help and found the holiday light section. I wanted icicles so he grabbed them (or what he thought was icicles) They just delivered the dryer this morning and they showed up on time and literally within 15-minutes it was set up  but show me the cheaper items that meet my needs (and that's the one I almost always walk away with).  They also know how to translate my 'I don't really know the proper way to tell you what I need Will not return to this location."  is the parking lot.  It is one of the most horrific layouts every conceived.  The perimeter is a maze of bullsht and I almost get in an accident every time.  I would literally slap whoever came up with the design."  this is a toy store for big boy's!!!!!!!!!  I could get lost in the tool section for hours Stop me already. I cannot get out of here without spending a few Franklins. Definitely the place to get your stuffs. Got to get the crew back to work. Me myself and I and maybe a friend or two. Beers on me fellows. I hope we actually get something done. Yikes!"  and I'm not even sure if I had the correct receipt. But the guy at the return desk was awesome. He had to get on the phone and pull some string  that money is going to Lowes on FLW down the street.  They screwed up bad.  I have also offered the services of my (very good) attorney to my contractor So 2 of my 3 items had been previously owned and returned/refurbished. If I wanted refurbished items I would have bought them on eBay for 1/3 of the price." "My husband wanted to come in here and check out a jigsaw he saw online. They didn't have the one he wanted so they offered to call another store but they didn't have it either. I didn't know jigsaws were so in demand! Lol  this place makes you feel like you are that day's only customer...  The entire staff went above and beyond to help me locate 5 small items Came here recently to do some shopping on dining room lights.  Saw a lot of lights but didn't see anything I like.  So I had to shop somewhere else.  I wonder how much their electricity costs monthly with all the lights lit all day long.  thanks for supporting basketpong home depot. Oh they have really good 'helpers' willing to work cheap conveniently located it all Home Depot parking lots lol" This location is well stocked and the garden section has great seasonal stuff. I'm here once a week thanks to my dog constantly destroying the yard. Maybe I need to yelp a pet trainer instead."  that does not work. During the first 3 years you must return it to Ryobi and they will determine if it needs a tune up $80.00 or if it defective. REALLY.  As far as I am concerned "I just moved to the area. I'm planting an herb and flower garden in our backyard. I can't say too many great and amazing things about the service. It's a big box store so my expectations aren't high but this store exceeds in all categories. Emily was my assistant she was amazingly knowledgable  very bad experience. Learn from my mistakes." If I could give negative stars I would do so . I will be contacting the better business bureau as well to file a complaint. Let's go back to sept 2014 I was excited to our beautiful custom front entry double doors in a rustic design for my beautiful scottsdale home. I'm told doors will arrive by late October no problem or so I thought . I receive a call early November stating my doors were in so my contractor picked them up and took out my old doors. First problem to arise was they were pre drilled which we were very specific when sitting down with Blaze the door order man. I figured ok I can work past this then there was a large chunk out of the door in the astrick as well as they did not properly do the recess of the door causing it to not lock or close properly ? Omg many of these issue back and forth with 2 different store managers I have ordered 3 doors all of which have arrived Damaged !!!! Wtf people do your job and give it a quality inspection before calling client to let them know their product is in. It's now end of March I'm still yet to receive my doors. Time to file a complaint and contact 3 on your side . Stay far away from Home Depot unless you want to be treated like dirt and have you're money stolen from you. "I am a general contractor. This is a great Home Depot. They have knowledgeable staff -1 stars cause it is a bit pricier than some other chain home improvement stores."  but their hands are tied as we are all waiting on a 3rd party."  was greeted by friendly staff and quickly found the coffee and restrooms. The coffee was hot and the bathrooms were clean. Everything that I needed was easy to find and the prices were all appropriate."  is willing to sell defective products and could care less.  After waiting 30 minutes Thanks to both of you gentleman. Our project was a success!"  not keeping an appt and not recognizing that the dual unit was never hooked up only one pump has worked ( the smaller since day 1). the issue was brought to our attention as we had enough of Orangutan warranty service co and called our own recommended company who stated that the unit was never installed properly and they cannot fix because wires were never run from the larger pump. We were disgusted that home depot company never mentioned to us and after much communication over the last month "Why I Love Home Depot.  Bought a new LG washer and dryer for our son for Christmas (actually had it installed the day after Thanksgiving). 36 days later the washer is leaking at the door. Went to Home Depot and they gave me the LG Service number (which didn't thrill me). Called LG and they wanted me to trouble shoot the washer myself. Not happening. Went back to Home Depot and expressed my displeasure and John (super helpful sales guy) called Dawn (awesome manager) and a half hour later I was out of there with a delivery date for my son's NEW washer.  Dawn said to John ""we need to make this right""....and they did!!!"  but the woman at returns did not make me feel welcome at all. I was exchanging two ratchets that broke for my husband. After waiting in line I get to desk and the lady with really short hair tells me I need to take them to hardware and ask the hardware guy if I can exchange them. What? When did this policy start? I was confused because they never said that before with any other Husky brand tools I've done this with. They have a lifetime guarantee. So I go to hardware and find a young kid who has only been there few months. He was very friendly but had no idea what I was talking about. So I grabbed my replacements and headed back to the desk to wait in line again. I got a different lady who was friendly and began the even exchange. Here comes miss snoody pants  this store is the best from the wonderful contractors checkout people like Linda that has been there forever and always makes you feel special to the amazing Pro desk where everyone is knowledgeable  and it appears as if customers are a nuisance when engaging with store personnel.  I recently bought 25k worth of items and will never utilize Home Depot again for any large purchases." The paint department at this Home Depot is totally inept any customer service whatsoever. I can't give a negative rating so I gave a 1 star rating. I waited in line for 10 minutes while they took care of a customer and then got a gentleman who talked to me about my paint. I only needed one court for the inside door I picked the red he said it would show up pink so I went to pick another color and came back. I was standing there and he wasn't waiting on anyone yet....then all of a sudden  a man showed up....and he immediately decided that he would take care if him instead if me. I waited another 10-15 minutes and this girl was done with her large order......told her what I wanted and she told me to come back on 10 minutes......I returned in 15 minutes she was waiting on someone else.....my paint still needed to be mixed. I needed one semi gloss quart if paint how damn hard could that be????? Certainly will not be coming back to Home Depot anytime soon. Ace is a smaller family hardware store but certainly has 100% better customer service! "Complete garbage.... Went to talk to the rental equipment department as my wife and I purchased a new home and are looking to heavily change up our backyard... Rude customer service... Treated me like I had no idea what I was doing and basically turned me away Dedra at the customer service center was a breath of fresh air.. All other employees are a bunch of screw ups DONT hire for a kitchen remodel at all F5-k-QxSGuK3oGNMknFFDw I just stood there and remembered all the other times I get no help from this location I Left!!!! I will go to ACE Hardware were I know they will help me without wasting my time The customer !!!!!!" 