 not least of all because I don't know actually who I'm speaking with. I'm still not entirely clear on how someone can be so rude to a scared patient  having previously had my charts from another physician sent over to help Dr Stephens understand what exactly is going on with my health... I would expect her to READ them. I was scheduled for a procedure I DIDNT need to have due to her not reading  the other records that I had sent over... and after all that   it's in my records...."" she cut me off acting like she knew exactly what pill I was taking.  Unbelievably angry. Do not go here  there aren't 20 doctors so you always know who you will see and who will deliver your baby!!!" Well after everything I came out a healthy mom to a healthy baby boy "Went today for the first time because of a referral by a friend. The facility is really nice and the personnel we're all extremely nice. Getting a ""physical"" is never a fun experience but doctor Yavorski was super quick and very gentle. She was very nice and asked thorough questions. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a new OBGYN!!" Kudos to everyone at Rankin Women's Center for standing above the rest!"  left the practice and I never got a notification. If seeking an office that cares (even just a little bit) I had been referred to Dr. Svendsen at Rankins Women's Center several years ago by a friend. I am so happy that I decided to switch to this practice and specifically to Dr. Svendsen. He is the only medical doctor that I have every been to who actually sits down and listens to your concerns and addresses each and every one before you leave.  Although there is often a wait time I'm confident it is because Dr. Svendsen is being as thorough as he can be with each and every patient which everyone deserves. To try to bypass the wait I try to make my appointments in the mornings when I can.  The receptionists and the nurses have always been very nice to me and very helpful and responsive when I have had questions about health insurance and coverage.  I am due March 2015 and very confident that I am receiving the best care possible. Now that my husband has met Dr. Svendsen he agrees that there are not many doctors out there that truly care like he does. I would recommend Dr. Svendsen to anyone looking for a new OBGYN. Maybe it was just an off day for them.  I hope so."  but today had a wonderful experience. I called with a bit of a panic and dr.roginsky med assistant called me back after hours and quickly gave me the feedback and the info I needed!!! Thank you!!!"  at least some sort of social skills would be nice instead of a robot.  That bummed  me out for weeks...I wanted to wait until after I  had my  child and make sure  I still felt the same and not hormonal. I  recommend getting a sonogram  else where especially  since you pay for it it should  be a happy  time. Overall I like the doctors  but the office is run so coldly and needs a desperate  revamp and clean of office staff." "I do not go to the blakeny office but I have dr walker over at the monroe office.  I have to say they are absolutely anazing... I could not have found a better dr or nurse like penny if I seached high and low....theu are personable I had my first visit today with Dr. Roginsky and arrived very early to my appointment by mistake (completely my fault) but ended up have to wait a while in the room as well. As soon as Dr. Roginsky came in she apologized for the delay. She is very sweet and made me feel super comfortable as a new patient. I set up a web portal through their online system while I was there and within a few hours after my appointment received a message on the portal from Dr. Roginsky to personally apologize again for the delay. Would definitely recommend Dr. Roginsky to anyone!! I love this practice!" "Can I start by saying I waited a month to see Dr. Mock for my annual exam and when I met her I understood why. Staff is amazing everyone from the front desk to the nurses. I was brought back immediately (another rare thing for most doctors)nurse pre screened me and soon after I met Dr. Mock  asked me if I wanted an additional test for strep (versus just giving me one) and provided me with the appropriate medication. Being new to the area they also gave me a great doctor referral for a general practitioner. I am well on my way to recovery and never had such a great experience (if that is possible) at an urgent care in California or North Carolina. I would not recommend anywhere else "Nurses at the front counter are a little spacey and slow but otherwise this urgent care is just wonderful. I asked the front nurse for some tips on preventing an infection I keep dealing with and she just looked at me blank and said she didn't know. I'm sorry but you're a nurse Awful awful awful!!!!  I have never experienced such RUDE nurses or doctor in my life. I will never go back here again. I'm not sure how they have received positive reviews. "If I could give zero stars I would.  Waited almost a half hour for my number to be called to even be registered  but unfortunately my experience with the nurse means I will not return to that particular urgent care Read more: http:  www.drugs.com cdi tussionex-pennkinetic-extended-release-suspension.html"  which is nice for the times when you decide you need to get checked out right away but still want to go somewhere familiar." Takes three times (at least) if you leave a message asking for a call back.  and his bed side manner is superb. I'd never want to trust anyone else with my care." What really upsets me is I was told they charge a normal dr co pay. I now have two bills one for 350 from the first dr. And one for 750 from the second. Same practice same reason double the amount. I don't get it." So.. As wonderful as the NP and the doctor are.. I want to feel comfortable and excited to walk into an office. And it just doesn't do it for me there." Moral of my review: They have done an excellent job handling a high-matainance *update--I called to see why they hadn't called me back to schedule my ultrasound and they acted like I was dumb--saying that they gave me the order to schedule it somewhere else. They basically lost my order and are going to research my situation and see what happened. I HAVE A LUMP ON MY BREAST and this is how they treat situations like this. I'm very disappointed." I would definitely recommend Dr. Johnstone and her practice to anyone.  It is true sometimes they run behind and you need to wait to be taken back for your appointment a little late.  I am not put off by this as I worked for Social Security for approximately 8 years and I understand what it's like to fall behind when giving your full time and attention to each individual as they deserve.  Also I never imagined my labor experience would be so amazing. For that  but I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt because maybe she was having a bad day. After making my appointment I received a call a few days later that it needed to be rescheduled because the doctor was taking that day off. The lady on the phone was not apologetic about the inconvenience as I had already planned to take the day we had arranged off from work. I had an appointment scheduled at 5:30 pm however due to bad traffic I was running late. I called to let them know and no one answered so I left a message. When I arrived the receptionist at the desk was rude again and told me that because I was  little late the doctor could not see me. I tried to explain that when I called no one answered and she again was rude and unapologetic. I am currently looking for another OBGYN." "Not going to lie...my first trip here I was not impressed. I didn't like the medical assistants because they were not very friendly with you as well as the front desk. But when you get back with Dr.Johnstone you are good (: My first trip was for a new patient consult. My second and more enjoyable experience was for my well woman exam. Dr. Johstone is AMAZING. She makes you feel welcome  she is kind and asks questions about my family just to get to know me. I feel very comfortable going here and I would recommend it to anyone."  she was just taking notes on the Patient info sheet I filled out.  She breezed through a low quality ultrasound and I had to ask her for pics which were blurry and barely even worth printing when I saw them.  She explained that I would be going to a different facility in 2 weeks for the ultrasound and then go back to their office for the check up which I wasn't happy about having to go to multiple places but understood.  When she finished I had to ask her about the results of the UA since I told her I felt like I may have a UTI  ever have I been so appalled. A woman calls and says she has breast pain and isn't sure if she should come in and this is how the front desk responds!! I'm outraged and waiting for someone to call me back from the office. I think Dr. Johnstone has the right to know how the front desk is treating her patients." I rescheduled but after this I plan to never go back.  Most unpleasant service from the beginning and from the reviews  I admit it is very difficult to find doctors with great bed-side manners out here in Phoenix.  I can't pinpoint why doctors out in the west seem so irritated until I met Dr. Sharon Thompson.  She is down to earth I'm sad to say that the experience I mentioned in my review here at Central Phoenix was not the only one I had. Any time I called to make appt's or ask a question I was greeted with rudeness and uneducated answers. I don't think the staff here was equipped to answer medical questions nor had any idea who to direct the call to. They once billed an appointment to the wrong doctor and made me write a letter to my insurance to try and clear it up. Another time I asked to speak with someone regarding a medical question and the girl refused to let me talk with anyone. So glad this nightmare is behind me."  Dr. Thompson ran over and gave me a big hug and both her and Dr. Dern came over to comfort and reassure me. It was seriously the best experience at a doctor I've ever had I was assigned to a new doctor.  The lady that took over for her seemed nowhere near as caring and was more concerned with training the young lady observing her in the room than with answering my questions and taking care of me.  Keep in mind One small complaint...they take the whole thanksgiving weekend off. Although there is someone always on call Excellent group of physicians!  they had me wait an hour to get the shot and then tell me I should have peed in a cup (nobody told me that???). I go to pee in a cup and then have me wait another 20 minutes to make sure I'm not a leper. Get it together!" There is no way I would let someone who can't even take the time to make sure basic documents are completed properly deliver my child.  An expectant mother needs someone who pays attention to details. If this is how they handle the little parts of pregnancy then I don't even want to think about how they handle the bigger parts. I urge ALL mothers to reflect upon this information when considering Southwest Women's Care as their OB of choice."  care or follow up and I am really unhappy that it did not work and if I want to try it again I have to pay another 3400. They should charge half so you can have it done twice just in case and they should let you rest after instead of okay your done get out." The quality of the care at SWCWC is unparalleled. I highly recommend this practice." Love this group of practitioners and the care provided. Can't imagine actually being sick or super preggo and dealing with these types of issues!  Thus "After taking the glucose test I was recently diagnosed with gestational diabetes.  The day I found out I had missed a call from the office on my cell phone.  They had not left a message so I was curious and called back.  I was transferred to the triage nurse because my doctor and assistant were not available to speak.  The triage nurse informed me that I had gestational diabetes and needed to go to a class..  I asked if I could speak with a doctor regarding the results because I was very upset.  I was informed a doctor would call me back.. The doctor never called My appointment was at 3:30 pm. I've arrived at 3 pm. Now its 3:53 pm and they are busy. I wouldnt consider this a horrible place. The place is clean and they have enough admins to clear the guest area for paperwork but its going slow today.  and explained everything that was going on. I don't know why nobody at Southwest could do this for me. feel much more comfortable and confident in my new OBGYN's care. My new OBGYN informed me that I did have other options  and took her time in explaining what I needed and wanted to know. I was initially skeptical about not seeing an actual MD at first It has been almost three years and I am still haunted by the awful experience I had with this group. Please please please consider looking elsewhere." I love love love my doctor! This a great clinic! Dr. Wilson is the BEST!! He sits down and really listens to you and cares about each person! He sees a lot of cousins and my sister in law as well and we all LOVE him! Happy with the care received. Nice clean office. Nice friendly staff. They allow kids in the visits which was great for me.  both during my pregnancy and hysterectomy. I am still a patient and recommend others to Southwest as well."  it was like I was being talked at. I had a lot of questions because this was my first pregnancy and she made me feel stupid. On top of that she was very insensitive. I was given two completely different answers which made me not trust these people. A few days later I miscarried. I never used more than 2 pads in a day "This is seriously the best experience I've had coming to a new doctor in a long time! The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The environment of the office was very nice and comfortable. Once the nurse practitioner came in  post and during :)  This practice has been around for 20+ years and has had a great reputation for quailty care for many years."  I basically had to beg the central scheduling office to find me an appointment quickly because their next opening was way later than I wanted... she was mildly helpful but eventually got me in to a farther location after another person cancelled their appointment." This place is amazing and the service they provide is top notch. Staff is very sweet and the 3D pictures you get of your baby are amazing. The price is very affordable and if your thinking about going..... Do it! Review is based on a billing issue.  I called PNA before going in for blood work and an NT scan to get a quote on the price. I was quoted around $400 for both and the girl said they are not too expensive.  When I received my bill it was for $786.00.  I am very upset that I was billed almost twice what they quoted me.  I would not have gotten the procedure done if I had been quoted the actual price I was charged.  The actual appointment and procedure was a positive experience.  dr and nurses take the time to really get to know you. The wait times aren't that bad. They tell you your appointment time as the check in time so you are not late which is awesome. I'm having to come here twice a week for monitoring of my baby. I have never waited longer than 15/20 minutes. Everyone is so friendly and helpful. I would recommend this high risk dr office to anyone that needs to see a high risk dr." We have been here twice now and we have left both times with huge smiles on our faces! The wait times were minimal and the entire staff was amazing! The tech took her time with us and never once made us feel rushed and was very informative. i am a talker and she listened and answered all my  questions and was very sweet to us. We had the pleasure of having her both times too!!! She had remembered us from our last appt from 6 weeks previous and was referring to things we had talked about last time. She even tired to get us specific pics for a cute frame we had bought. She was GREAT!!! I would def recommend PPA to everyone! They have been nothing but wonderful to us.  I would never recommend it to anyone. Their doctors are smarts but that is about it. Don't rely on them scheduling you correctly. Very Very disappointing." ""A life is a life no matter how small"" and as mothers we need to fight and advocate for our babies."  me and my partner were shocked. Nobody needs surprises when they're going through a loss late in the second trimester. I would never place trust into the awful PPA again. ( I've been to 3 locations and the doctors at each have been incompetent )"  I'm following her. She's the best Crotch Doctor I've ever had!"  I was hoping to establish a relationship with an OBGYN here in the Valley so that I already have a trusting relationship with a doctor when my husband and I decide to have a baby. I was a happy patient of my last doctor for 12 years.  I scheduled my first appointment at this practice as a new patient and was seen by Whitney Padgett. It has always been my understanding that standards of care require doctors to actually see a patient if it is his or her first time going to a specialist. I was a bit shocked that I was seen only by Whitney and never a doctor at all  and told me i probably have a pituitary tumor!!!!!! WTF!!! who does that?? she hadnt even done a routine exam at that point. and then told me i didnt know what i was talking about. such a rude rude rude woman. they more interested in doing more labs to make money than anything. so after my horrible experience with that hag i had to deal with the car dealer finance lady who decided to then charge me new patient prices which is more than existing and more than what was agreed upon on the phone. they new and admitted they told me one thing and then made me pay another . they really are rotten people and i hate when people get into any kind of health care knowing people are ailing but they dont have the temperment to deal with it long term so they walk around like a bunch of grumpy sourpusses in the office and make patients coming in with issues feel like we're a burden! isn't that what they signed up for??? try to be a little kinder rude ladies  I think I want to have a baby with Dr. Cyr now. Wait.. that's not quite what I meant... anyway  etc. Whitney did the bare minimum for my history and exam.  I was seen for a preventative exam and also had a small issue at the time. When I was billed it was for a comprehensive preventative exam as well as a level 4 visit. I didn't think one little test and prescription constituted a high-level office visit. When I called to get clarification "I feel like this place doesn't have as good of reviews as it should so I figured I would add in my two cents. I love Central Phx Women's Health. More specifically The building is not well-marked from the Osborn side so go a bit early the 1st time." My sister was treated so rude. I called the front desk in a very professional manner to address the issue and see what was going on and how to resolve it.  Instead of her treating me like a human being she decided to be VERY rude and unprofessional with me as well. Every question I would ask she would say she's not gonna argue to me. I didn't think we were arguing. She was so rude that I had to ask if I could speak to someone else who could speak with me professionally (I thought this was automatic at a business. Why did I have to ask?) There was NO MANAGER available until Monday so I guess until then they can treat people however they want. I've never been to the office but the way I was treated only over the phone is a good enough reason for me to never step foot in this office. If you want to be treated disrespectfully and not like a  human being then go there. Otherwise go somewhere else. I still can't believe there was no manager to speak with. I would give zero stars if given the option. Whitney is by far the best I have every had as far as doctors go. She answered all my questions and made what is usually an awkward visit seem comfortable and quick. The office staff are very nice. I would recommend them to anyone looking for an obgyn . I wouldn't trust anyone else in Pho with my gyn needs"   since the office gets busy.  Dr. Cyr  booked my follow-up appointment next month over her lunch so that I don't have to take another day off of work (school holiday).  Seriously  all of the staff were very friendly and professional.  I never had a bad experience there!" 4/5/2016- I'd like to add an update: The ""Office Manager"" called me after my loss and told me that my insurance would cover my procedure. I explained to her that Arizona State law does not allow ANY insurance provider to cover a D & E procedure under any circumstance  they create one with the rudeness. Its happened one too many times and we are now looking for new OBGYN. Somebody needs to talk some sense into the staff(front desk  she's a wonderful gynecologist. She makes you feel comfortable in a not so comfortable situation. She's very knowledgeable and helpful. I would definitely recommend her. Glad to have found someone who I can count on for years to come!" This place is so great! The staff is very knowledgeable and super friendly. Dr. Gibson is honestly one of the best doctors I have ever encountered. She is really personable and genuinely cares about you and your baby. I can't express how much I truly have enjoyed my experience at this establishment. Oh and have a question about billing? No problem. Just walk down the hall and talk to someone face to face and get a thorough explanation and help with any of your questions. Love it! Can't wait to meet my little boy! Thank you everyone at Central Phoenix Women's Healthcare... "I moved to the area at about 25 weeks pregnant and starting looking for a new OB right away. My first appointment at a different clinic wasn't exactly what I wanted. A friend of a friend raved about Dr Cyr and I made an appointment to get in the very next day and have loved going there ever since! The billing department has been great to work with me during my insurance complications. Dr Cyr is exactly what I wanted in an OB  when I got pregnant with my second baby  she just wanted to butcher me for her financial sake. As if she had a ballon payment due & I could've been her ticket. It's been 5 months since she & her hospital team threatened I would die. Makes me wonder how many others she has victimized." Terrible place where the people make you feel like sh*t about yourself. But then again it's a place run by the church. They weren't supportive and almost made things worse with lies filled with fear. Not recommended at all. This place is AWESOME! They really help women! I felt all my questions were answered. I didn't have any insurance and this was affordable. "Life Choices is always my choice for my well woman check. I have referred them to my friends and clients. The staff is always friendly and have given me great referrals for other services. I chose Life Choices because their fees were less than half the cost of my Previous Doctor but they are not just affordable  I have a huge issue with divulging ""why I'm here"" at the front window while there are other present. I don't appreciate that I fill out a lengthly form and still have to announce why I'm here. That's personal information. So improvements are: Ensure staff are there because they care and not just for a job and don't ask me what I'm there for in the open. Otherwise this clinic is clean "If I could give less than 1 star I would. I went to Dr. Kwark for the first 5 months of my first pregnancy and it was probably the worst experience of my life. As I said it is my FIRST pregnancy so... maybe for people on baby 3 or 4 she might be a good choice but for me it was awful. She never explained ANYTHING that was happening or that she was doing to me. I never even got information on what I could eat! I had a really really rough start and she never tried to work out what was wrong or help me in any way. She would make vague statements about things being abnormal or odd and I should see this or that specialist and set me to panicking  but I can tell you that what she had is definitely not normal. I and several people I know go to this doctor and she's absolutely wonderful." Its a blissful visits always .. very good at giving suggestions and time to new moms and dads I would not recommend this office to anyone. I have met several other pregnant women who have also switched doctors after visiting them." I will say that the nurses I've experienced there are a little short and lacking personality  how I felt and to answer my questions.  His nurse is a doll and she always takes the time to get to know me and where I am at emotionally on the process.  This office is dedicated to the goals of the patient and focused on real care.  While there is a bit of a wait nEaJwY77drRqQkJqcd9LRg  and I will now have to wait until my next menstruation to discover more information about my ovarian cysts and polyps due to their oversight."  but that doctor basically beat around the bush to tell me I was miscarrying instead of telling me flat out.  My husband literally played 20 questions with that doc to get a simple answer.  It was ridiculous.  Also in Novemeber I had the office call me on two different ocassions to reschedule because they made a ""scheduling error"".  As far as I'm concerned thats something they should fix since people take time off to make appts in the first place.  Fast forward to today  has always made me feel comfortable during an uncomfortable moment. Sometimes the wait is really really long which makes it tough for work. Stick with early AM appts and the wait shouldn't be too long."  who also enjoy seeing her. Two thumbs up to Julie and the staff at Camelback Women's Health!"  he managed to get her out and keep me calm at the same time. He genuinely cares about seeing the baby and having ultrasounds. Unlike many other doctors he doesn't hold back on ultrasounds This place is a mess.  Expect to wait an hour after your appointment time.  The front office personnel is incompetent.  Very disappointing. Over all this place is extremely unprofessional and is not a good choice for a first time mom or any mom. They obviously do not have the bedside manner to deal with a difficult pregnancy or with a woman who has to deal with a difficult decision." nEaJwY77drRqQkJqcd9LRg I would recommend Dr. Nelson and the Camelback Women's Health group to women of all ages.  My experience there was 5 star and Dr. Nelson is my doctor from here on out!  Dr. Nelson rocks!" I went into labor at the hospital at 8pm and dilated until about 4 am that morning. Dr. O'sullivan didn't show up until almost 6am. My daughter sat in the birth canal so long that when she was born she was not breathing. My heart dropped when I didn't hear my baby crying. What did the doctor do? Nothing! Absolutely nothing. She stood there looking so confused. The nurses ran the baby over to the table and called a code. Other nurses literally ran in and revived my daughter getting her to breathe. Dr . O'sullivan did not even touch my daughter once while all that happened she just watched. If it wasnt for the amazing staff at good Sam my daughter would not be here or may have had long term effects. Even worse is that the same thing happened to my cousin. Dr O'sullivan was her OB and took a very long time to show up at the hospital as well. My cousin had already had two children so she knew the risks of waiting and told the hospital she's not waiting anymore so go get the doctor on staff. The dr at the hospital delivered her baby with no problems but just imagine if she had waited for Dr. O'sullivan to show up what could have happened." As pleased as punch I had a very negative experience with my first health care center but now I could not be more pleased. Dr. Nelson is Amazing and so kind. I started coming here on the recommendation of a good Friend. Everything is handled in a completely professional manner. Only one time did I have an extra long wait time but it was explained to me when I checked in. the entire staff is professional and warm. they remember you ever time you return and are always smiling. I would recommend this office to any of my friends!!!!  she just wanted to butcher me for her financial sake. As if she had a ballon payment due & I could've been her ticket. It's been 5 months since she & her hospital team threatened I would die. Makes me wonder how many others she has victimized."  even though I was extremely clear about what I was coming in for. I demanded my copay be refunded and left. I do not recommend this practice at all!" Dr. Nelson is awesome! I strongly recommend him. He's very direct and to the point which I'm sure some people don't like but that's my kind of doctor. I had my daughter in January and now he is my go to gyno. I was very pleased with him. I am a first time mom so I had lots of questions and he always answered them. "This place will make u upset every time u come because the wait times are excruciatingly long and nobody here gives a crap about it. The front desk is defensive and rude from the start. I have come here multiple times and waited upwards of two hours. Not exaggerating Lousy! You're a file number.  but she is extremely knowledgable and takes excellent care of her patients. The MA's and all of the N.P's are wonderful as well. I can say that everyone I encountered throughout my pregnancy and postpartum time truly enjoyed their job."  but am torn between letting it go and moving on. At least I can warn others to make a better decision about their healthcare. She is too busy for you at the very least and incompetent at best. Please consider my story in your decision. Thank you."  I finally am seeing a high risk specialist and after the treatment I   received I would recommend that pregnant women find a different office it will save you a lot of stress." Another amazing delivery by Dr. Nelson. I feel blessed to have had such a great Dr. deliver my two babies. I will be back for number three.  Lisa nurse)but the all the staff are just so unprofessional and not here to help. Hope the staff get there stuff together."  ""I already waited four hours and took two trips to see you and you're very unprofessional I was told to leave when I was on time for my appointment but you can make me wait for four hours and two trips for a referral.  That is so self-fish and uncaring!  I called to tell him it would be great for wasting my time and disrespecting a single mom whom gets NO child support or government help that since he wasted fours hours of my time at Christmas he could waive the $75.00 co pay since my insurance paid him.  He can't remember.  Well....guess what!  I do!  He also said when my results came since my tumors in my uterus were so bad he would call as soon as he received results.  HE NEVER CALLED EITHER!  DO NOT GO HERE!  BEWARE!"  and you're ruining it because you wouldn't listen to his instructions. It's your fault you had a C-section and I don't think it's right that it's going to reflect badly on him. "" She said something along those lines and left. Her only intention for coming into our room was to spite my wife. I don't think I've ever experienced anything as rude or unprofessional as the actions of Dr. O'Sullivan that night. It was awful." I think working in the medical field is increasingly challenging.  I am grateful for the high quality care we receive in this country.  It's such a better experience if you feel someone actually cares about you.  You will have to do some work to consistently find that experience here."  so they go and have sex with some guy whose slept with 300+ women while you've (she's) been married all those years. And they end up with herpes."" And then she follows that lovely story by telling me ""The only people who are dumber than my teenagers are the 40-something divorced women."" I'm pretty much in shock at this point. So she goes on to say ""... So just be sure and protect yourself and use a condom when you're out there sowing your wild oats"". I could not believe my ears. My family life is falling apart  she recommended I get an ultrasound for my heavy cycles and cramping her office called me and said I needed a biopsy and to make an appointment. I said I was not going to make an appointment for something that serious until I A) know the results of my ultrasound and B) I speak to Erin 0'Sullivan. They proceeded to tell me that she would speak to me at my appointment.  What...?? I've have never been treated that way by a doctor ever. I think the courtesy of a call from her was warranted. I have moved on to Mayo Clinic and I am so happy! There was no need for a biopsy! And "This is a horrible clinic with unscrupulous doctors and impolite staff. I was lucky enough that I found out how terrible Dr. Kathleen Schwartz was before my delivery. They are extremely unethical  the receptionist was talking to someone else in the background and not paying attention to me. She was short and rude. I get you are busy but this is the type of place where you want to feel important especially because this will be my first pregnancy. If I can't even get through now Wanted to go here because it's so convenient location wise but definitely worth the drive to find a staff that still treats their patients with courtesy and respect." I will continue to stay with this practice because of the great care from the physicians and NPs I am forever grateful for Dr Schwartz being so respected in the hospital and so knowledgeable. I truly believe that my delivery would have been high risk if it wasn't for her. I will never go to another doctor."  horrible acne and horrible mood swings). She also wanted to argue with me on this one. My primary back home for eight years has NEVER done this or made me feel inept at choosing my birth control. She certainly did not deny me the option to be on it. I needed to schedule a follow-up appointment (it took them a day to call me back) and I scheduled this. I asked if prior to that appointment (in two weeks) if I could come get on some form of birth control. To my surprise  and kind. I came in for my yearly pap and to discuss birth control. Britney and Jen were amazing! The woman at the front desk was also very sweet and clear in her directions. After having a really bad experience at my first OBGYN that I found after moving to Phoenix ZcaBYLRDDY4ecAPDGWBQzA ZcaBYLRDDY4ecAPDGWBQzA  but now I wish I was completely done with them. The nurses are rude and complain about actually doing their jobs. They find filling out maternity paperwork to be a hassle and don't fill it out correctly. When your company calls you to inform you of this the nurse becomes even ruder to you and explain that your not their patient. Well I feel i shouldn't have to babysit and make sure paperwork that was sent back twice now should be completed properly and not blow me off. To top it off my doctor seems to now be a complete space case lately and cant seem to keep up with what week I'm on "This review is for the Camelback office. This office has been very difficult since I started going there last month for my pregnancy.  I was referred by a friend to Dr O'Sullivan and because of an emergency I was only able to get in with Dr De Santo.  I have had about 3 about in a 6 week time.  The three appointments I had made were made to my convenience PS  I see someone seems to have something against my Dr but we can tell your reviewS are fake.  :p" "Went to Julie for Botox injections today. I had picked her because of her training by Allergan the maker of Botox. She is very professional and you can tell that she is an expert in Botox injections. Very pleasant atmosphere I went to see Julie at Camelback Women's Aesthetics 2 weeks ago for some Botox. I have had Botox before and am very familiar with it's use. But I found Julie to be outstanding! I wrote a review soon after receiving the injections but am not sure if it posted. I'm so impressed with Julie that I decided to write a followup to make sure that it got posted. Julie is an Allergan certified trainer for Botox injections and it shows. She is super friendly but more importantly she knows what she is doing. Does not try to oversell the product and is very honest on how much you need. The injections were painless and no bruising. I will return when needed and look forward to it.  she is very personable and makes you feel like an old friend when you come to see her. I would highly recommend her if you are looking to try Botox." I asked if since I lived up the street if I could come back in an hour and was  told ""no"" they would take me back right away.  To do what?  Sit there naked in a gown for an hour and a half?  No thanks!  Will be going elsewhere from now on."  I am always told that someone will be in touch when the results are back.  That has yet to happen.  Usually I wait way past the date someone is supposed to be in touch and then have to call.  Half the time they say they don't have the results back yet but it later turns out that they did.  The left hand doesn't seem to know what the right hand is doing.  I'll keep going there for the quality of the care but they could really use a kick-ass practice manager." The office is conveniently located on Tatum near Paradise Valley. The people who work here are always very nice. Sometimes you have to wait a little while to be seen but at what doctor's office do you not? Last time around my appointment was accidentally scheduled for the other office but they were able to see me here on time anyway.  this was my 2nd c-section so Dr. De Santo cleaned up my previous scar and tissue and left me looking flawless! He truly cares about your overall health as well and will make life improving suggestions to you. Great practice OH his nurse Esther is pretty awesome as well! Don't let being put on h" Looking for another obgyn now." I love the fact that I found this office after having a horrendous experience with another OBGYN (Tara brodkin). I don't know how people complain about the waiting time. I've always been helped in time. The ladies in the front desk are very nice and every time I call I've never been put on hold. They ALWAYS answer your questions. I see Dr. De Santo and he's just simply AMAZIG. I trust him a lot because you can tell how knowledgeable he is. He answers all your questions and gives you a lot of ultrasounds to check on baby. I'm so happy I found a doctor I feel I can trust with my first pregnancy. I wouldn't go anywhere else! Even the lady that draws your blood is such a pro. I'm always scared to death to have my blood taken but I swear she takes like 2 seconds and makes it so quick it's impressive.  and most importantly Dr. Nelson was the best doctor I could have ever asked for. He always listened to my concerns and is extremely knowledgeable and reassuring. I wouldn't have anyone else deliver my babies."  and very over priced.  They tell you that you have to get all these things before you can get what you actually even need to come in for." Love Dr DeSanto and his MA Esther. Lab Corp lady in here is great too! All the NPs I've come across have been wonderful too. Been coming for 4+ years. Also want to say Tracy Innes is awesome.  Thanks!"  and they frequently change insurance policies without contacting their patients about having to find a new office. I have never been so disgruntled with an office experience in my life and I would highly recommend finding absolutely anywhere else to take your business." "I was pregnant and my new dr was O'sullivan. It was my first pregnancy so I was so excited.  The staff was nice buti was always waiting 30 mins to an hourafter my scheduled appointment.  Dr. O'sullivan was always very short with me and made me feel dumb for asking questions.  When I gave birth I was referred to Camelback Women's by my primary doctor. I called to schedule an appointment and the office receptionist was not friendly at all. She also had a tone like she was annoyed that I was asking questions... long story short I did not schedule my appointment with them and I can see that others have had a similar experience. "Been going here 17 years. Can't say enough good things about them. Great practice. Docs Nelson and DeSanto are so good. Very real and take their role in your life seriously. Every NP has been great. Recently saw Stefanie Davis and was again impressed with the level of care this practice keeps providing. From the phone ppl  cancelled on my first appointment about 30 minutes before I was supposed to arrive.  I rescheduled with her and patiently waited 4 more weeks.  When I arrived to my second appointment "I give the office 4 stars because I like Dr. DeSanto.  He answers my questions thoroughly.  He seems to be very calming.  The front desk can be unfriendly at times I see Dawn and she is just wonderful."  I still had a lot of discomfort with vaginal drying.  So I was intrigued with this new procedure. I spoke with the staff about this new procedure and decided to set up my first appointment with Dr. Nelson.  Not really knowing what to expect at the first appointment  however will gladly take my business elsewhere when they could care less about their patients. Look at all the other reviews and go somewhere else where the staff cares about you." I plan to use CWH for more professional and medical services in the future. Keep up the excellent work!" she is the absolute best. I would not go anywhere else. Highly recommend her !!"  he exhibits genuine care and compassion for his patients.  I had a lot of fears regarding a laparoscopic surgery that I needed and Dr. DeSanto was patiently persistent with helping me go through with it.  He performed the surgery yesterday and I am absolutely relieved.  He did not pressure me into having anything done that wasn't absolutely medically necessary and I appreciate that.  My scarring is minimal  here's an update! just had to call for my lab results as instructed by Jodie. The receptionist I spoke to was such a ..... Jodie adv me that it's mandatory I have the results today.! I'm pregnant & need to make sure my hormone levels are where they need to be. The woman on the phone couldn't provide me with the information needed. She was extremely rude. Said she would leave a message for someone to call me & couldn't guarantee that id get a call back today. I have half a mind to just go up there considering this is involving the well being of my child but I'll wait a few hours for the call back."  go elsewhere if you don't want headaches caused by the billing department." Why not  a 5-star?  The front office staff could have been a little friendlier.  They were efficient but I felt like I was barked at Great office! I recommend them to anyone who asks!" "I agree with Kirstin's entire review! I too followed them from their old location & have been going here for about 8 years now. The current location is very nice & clean. The girls up front are nice but Rosie is by far the sweetest. I used to see Dr. Silvia Castro for my annual but I think she has been pretty busy with her new baby & other patients I have lived in Scottsdale for about 3 years now and I have had such a hard time finding good doctors. I have had bad experiences at almost ever doctor's office I've been to. When I went to Cornerstone Women's Health I was so pleased. The office staff were so nice and efficient. I got lost and showed up late but I didn't have to wait at all and they weren't rude about my late arrival. I saw Dr. Pelopida and I thought she was wonderful. She didn't act rushed and she listened to me thoroughly. She was very personable and knowledgeable. I was very pleased with the entire experience and I absolutely recommend this practice. I had to go back in order to complete the reason for my first visit which was to change birth control methods. Now that this is done I am looking for a new doctor as we plan to have kids next year and I would like to know and trust the doctor who will help us through that journey. I would love any suggestions!" Positives: They have a new NP on board who does nothing but step in when others are running behind. I always opt to wait for Gretchen or Dr. Pelopida though so I haven't met her yet. Gretchen is the sweetest  but certainly substandard.  Coming to the lady-doctor isn't my favorite thing to do. It's not comfortable or enjoyable. A good practice in my opinion would compensate with outstanding customer service. Cornerstone could use a little...er a lot...of training in the way of customer service." The appointment ran much longer than expected but there were a lot of steps. So just as a forewarning - this first appointment for me ran 2 1/2 hours!"  I called in to make a pregnancy appointment... Your FIRST appointment is with a Nurse practicioner!!! And than it's 4 weeks till you see a doctor... Im 8 weeks and I have been VERY high risk in that past. Eff that noise! no no no way!!!" "I have been with Cornerstone for over 5 years.  I was newly pregnant with my daughter and Dr Castro was the best!  The NP is so caring and the front office is pleasant.  I continue going and as long as I plan ahead Bottom line: I'd look elsewhere." "I was recommended by my Dr. here. I waited 3 weeks for my appointment because of The paperwork for first Appointment. I get to my Appointment and they tell me a different time ""we would have to re-schedule"" If it were't for the other assistant she wouldn't have even asked the Dr. To try to see me. She was very rude and acted very immature. I wish I would have gotten names I have been very happy going here.  This is my first child and I was referred here by a friend who also goes there.  They have all been very pleasant.  but no wifi really sucks when you are stuck here for a 3-4 hour glucose tolerance test!!!!" Bye bye Cornerstone :(" Thank you Cornerstone staff for helping me feel solidified in my decision to transfer to a new better office/Dr. I will not miss your attitude or your lack of common sense. CHEERS!"  but no doctor is worth how horrible this front office and billing staff is.  I have been here for 6 years and they all have a huge attitude and are incredibly difficult to communicate with about anything!  They are rude from the second you walk in - no warm welcome for sure.  They put a prison wall up around the physician  I was extremely comfortable and at ease.  He actually took the time to talk with me (which some doctors do not make a priortity) so that he can explain his background and to get to know me and my concerns.  He is extremely knowledgeable and gave me very important information that I need to know as a woman at my age (38).  I highly recommend Dr. Holemon for his experience as a doctor HORRIBLE.  I have been a patient here for 3 months and each time I have an appointment there has been a huge inconvenience at the office.  The Dr.'s and nurses are great it's the rest of the office that needs to get it together.  On two separate occasions I have had appointments set and have had to leave the office and come back due to them not being organized.I Thought That Was The Point Of An Appointment.  Then they have this automated system that calls and tells you test  results and reminds about upcoming appointments and the system would be great except the office staff keyed my social security number in wrong so it calls and calls me all day long and I can't review the message.  I've asked the staff numerous times to correct my number in the system or take my out completely and they have yet to do so. I do not recommend this place to anyone.  because the PATIENTS before you were late. Try to get a morning or right after lunch appointment if you want to reduce your wait time! Be patient & kind to them  I got them the information and the procedure scheduled. When the day finally came for my 4:00pm appointment I got there at 3:55. I get told my appointment was at 3:40 and they won't see me because they filled the time with another patient. I let them know I had this scheduled for the time that was arranged and that I didn't even get a confirmation call. The office manager didn't do anything to fix the situation and the doctor said she wouldn't see me even though it was their error. The best thing they have done for me was give me a records release form. Let's see if they can get that right." 9xpYUYI4wbNA4XufvVfKzQ I'm a fan because of the doctor and if she changed centers I would probably follow her. There could be areas of improvement for the center but because of how close they are to my house and hospital  and she hung up on me. I started to call back and I asked myself ""why""? Called my my doctors office and they recommended me to another fantastic doctor with a lovely receptionist that got me in stat. The doctor might be great if you could get past the rude staff." I will always be thankful to Dr tina pelopida." Love my doctor and most of the nurses. Can't stand Trina. And the front desk is horrible. All the women that work there just sit and talk poorly about people they're dealing with on the phone. The wait is always excessive and it doesn't matter if you're early or on time. And if you're late by even a few minutes you can bet that you'll wait at least an hour. If it weren't for my doctor I wouldn't come back because I hate dealing with Ashley at the front desk. She never has a smile and always has an attitude whether it's in person or on the phone. I've been coming here 10 years and seriously if not for my doctor I would find somewhere new.  without the arrogance. She will give you piece on mind and confidence. We moved 25 miles away and you bet I'm going back to her this time as well. She did such a fantastic job with my emergency c section last time "I was a patient of Dr. Castro. 7 months into my pregnancy I developed a severe case of pelvic gurdle pain and carpal tunnel in my left hand (diagnosed by another physician) to the point where my bed had become our downstairs couch and  I couldn't even get up to use the restroom unless I used a walker my family wasn't home to help me.  Dr. Castro not once asked me about my symptoms and was already gone out of the room   before I was able to explain it to her and just referred me to a Physical Therapist to diagnose and treat me. I found out from their receptionist that they had only seen two pregnant patients within then past few months. They had me lay on a heating pad the entire time. After the two visits that she partially suggested and two copays later I saw no reason to keep going back there. When the time came for me to submit the paperwork for my short term disability claim to be excused from work with half of my pay Dr. Castro wanted me to come back to the office a little over a week after I had just seen her 