the company will give you a 7 day notice and suspend your POS license for even questioning an invoice and shut down your entire business. The techs are part time and walk out of your business if they can't address an issue and push it to another part time tech... Save yourself the aggravation... I have FUTURE POS AND BOUGHT THE LICENSES SO IM STUCK!! and go direct to the dealer in Butler PA.. This company's the worst and can't even keep employees... They do have 2 techs that have been with the company one more incompetent the the other...you have been warned!!!" If zero was an option that is what i would rate them! They are the worst company to ever deal with all they want is money! I called tec support to get my back office un-locked and they said it would be $600 i already bought the system for $4000 Zero if that was an opinion. Worst POS company in Pittsburgh deal with Cutting Edge Solutions in Butler or any other POS company other than NCR Aloha.  this is the spot. Staff is friendly and the store is well organized  but especially the customer service. It's so nice to walk into a business and feel welcome and appreciated no matter what I look like  this location did not carry it. The very handsome sales associate (near the computer stuff on 8 23) with the moist blue eyes and sandy hair was incredibly helpful to my friend and me. He searched other stores for Sriracha and skillfully wrote directions for us. I've never received directions as precise as those he gave us. This sales associate was exceptional and smelled really good. I highly recommend this location for its staff (but don't go here for Sriracha)."   so I did.  Now it's 5pm and I check the e-mail to track the packages and saw that the guy who dropped off the two packages signed that he delivered three boxes at my house and someone named ""Davis"" signed for them. Needless to say my name is not ""Davis"" so I called back to speak to some asshat that barely spoke English to tell me they spoke with the express delivery warehouse and they don't even know who the driver was and that my missing box was out on the truck but they can't find it.  So I was told it will be delivered on Monday.   Today is Monday and no package I've been to this Office Depot quite a few times and the staff is always very friendly. Today Dexter helped me get materials that were in back stock and made sure I had everything I needed. I've been once or twice when a staff member wasn't as knowledgable about their products as I would have hoped but in my opinion a good attitude makes up for that.  but my office furniture at my house usually consists of me sitting on the floor and spreading papers around me."  and you'd rather go somewhere a mile away for office supplies (as opposed to 7 miles away) I would give a negative review if there was an option. Nancy was very unprofessional and rude.  Jimmy and the rest of the team excel in delivering top-notch customer service and I wanted to take this opportunity to acknowledge that with my review.This location is highly recommended!"  I had to find a cashier. She was very nice and was able to point me in the direction of an item I had forgotten. Quick checkout too."  with a full-service area too. Nothing special Worth stopping in if you are looking to score some deals on the cheap before they shut their doors."  you may have to sift but I have found some great deal!"  the store layout is a bit wonky. The clerks are almost overly helpful (aka: a bit over-eager) I'd love to support a local guy but can't seem to find one in Madison... any recs?" "On Friday September 25 we contacted the print area via phone regarding memorial flyers for our mother's funeral services. It was an unexpected death and we did not know time tables on these kinds of things. We arrived later that day and spoke with Cassandra in person. We want to let you know that Cassandra went above and beyond for us. We are very thankful for everything she did for us. She is the kind of employee that you want working for you. As a manager myself for the last 20 year Check their ad -  sometimes there are 'Sunday/Monday' only deals that might be worth your while."  but looking it back up I was right. I'm also now noticing an in-store pick-up option that would have saved me money and time. Bummer."  check them out.  Support local business while we still have them!" This is an interesting place to do some shopping at.  I never know quite what I am going to find there so usually I buy a few things that I don't plan on.  This time I picked up some rather expensive pens at quite a nice markdown.  They have a more complete inventory I would expect to find in an small office/stationary store.  I think the prices are well with in reason depending on what you need  You can spend money if you want to.  The services they offer are more extensive than I would expect to find in a store that doesn't come close to the size of a Staples.  It took me only two trips to get satisfactory business cards ready to be printed.  Not bad when you consider I went in with really no idea of what it would to take to get what I wanted.  The personal touch of their employees makes a difference.  There's a nice little gift shop next door that can help you save you a trip if you are looking for some things the Stockroom doesn't have.  I was able to support a family-owned and local business. I highly recommend you stop by the next time you are in need of office supplies and/or shipping."  I'm upping them to a five stars now.  Recently I ordered some things and remembered something I haven't said in my past review.  If these people say they will call you concerning an order  so I searched on yelp to find the closest office supply store. Lo' and behold! The Stockroom popped up! Perfection! They have it there. Yes!!! Now I know the closest place to get them. 5 stars!  *****"  and Cynthia have created a great space to source business supplies.  They are friendly If you're an office professional or just love the smell of paper supplies and are a pen fanatic this place is for you!! pbnkhsw2kw60Qk9_Ms5WUA  but the labeling of which products are on which aisle leaves much to be desired. The past couple of times I've stopped in here it's seemed a bit difficult to find what I was looking for. It's a good place to stop when I need something for grad school in a hurry and can't wait for an order placed via Amazon to arrive."  appeared that she hasn't showered in a few days." Great Service!!!  I needed some items printed for a baby shower so I emailed a pdf file to them.  When I arrived with my card stock they had my email opened and promptly printed the items while I shopped in the store for a few more things.  Printing was perfect and fast.  The customer service clerk Tina was so gracious on the phone and in person.  Thank You for making this very easy for me. The guys are very expressive and did not find that professional." "Average location. Staff is OK but nothing to brag on. They usually don't speak to you unless you speak to them first which is kind of a turn off customer service wise. Again Whatever you do don't call this store. I was placed on hold three times before getting the information I was looking for! 10 minutes I will never get back.  you can buy anything you need in this store online for a 1/3 of the price if you can wait for it. Or go to walmart for about 1/2 the price. Never will go back here again." I will never stop in here again." "Sooooo......disappointed in staples.  I bought a $183 laserjet ink cartridge in April 2015 as a back up for our printer. Office team member opened it up today to replace the old one and realized it was the wrong one. My mistake I purchased the wrong #. So I called staples and the rude person Zach answered Excellent choice to shop. I bought some Keurig coffee for $2.50 on the clearance rack. Thank you. Very helpful staff. Worst customer service ever. Consistently. Guy behind the print counter  sends people to self serve machine instead of doing his job. Never busy but always slow as can be.  I arrived to pick up 2 color copies of the document. Everything went smoothly and the clerk was nice enough. I have no complaints." Office Max isn't a great alternative. Many of their employees seem to be doing nothing more than marking time off a clock though there is a really great guy at the location at the Scottsdale Promenade." To help you compare: I've walked into office max and printed 20 pages of paper in a matter of minutes with the total cost being no more than $4.00." Head my advice and use Cartridge World if your looking for toner refills."  I end my review on Office Max but I will report back with any new findings."  and the employees are very nice and helpful." I will return if I am ever in need of more print jobs done.  :)" "I always make my trip to OfficeMax first before I try anywhere else.  This store is in a great location near 44th St. & Thomas Rd. in Phoenix near the airport.  They have great selections on all the office products.  Binders This has become my go-to print destination  the only reason I like to go here is because I buy a ton of stuff and the rewards program basically gives me free money but i have to wonder if I am just getting back what I pay them already in inflated pricing...I was originally going to give this place 3 stars but after further thought...this place only deserves two. I can never find a staff member here to help me THEN I asked him to explain the charges and he couldn't. I could not get an explanation of what I was being charged for.  I am certain that there are consumer laws regulating exactly this sort of thing!  I will never spend another dime in this store again. Ever." In fact I got 2 of each color from 3 different sellers for ONE THIRD THE COST shipping included. bye bye officemax." I quickly zipped in here today to get a few supplies for my home office. All of their employees were VERY friendly and eager to help! I was asked multiple times if I was finding everything ok. They were genuinely interested in me and what I was there for! I was very impressed with their customer service and they had everything that I was looking for so it was a win win. I will be back soon on my next office supply run!  lots of options at a reasonable price. Always clean and well stocked."  I saw no one.. And I mean no one.. For a good 15 minutes! I wandered the aisles in need of a rubber stamp pad to fit into my stationary monogram .. Up and down the aisles.. Again. Finally!! Yay! There's another human life amongst me..& he took me to my stamp area. Check out was odd.. The girl was umboxing supplies on the check out area..& her manager acted like I just may be bothering their task for wanting to pay... Ok.. Get me outta here..no one obviously uses monograms on stationary .. Except me."  I would bet by the time you read this review that this location is closed."  one of the employees was very combative and actually enjoy giving me a hard time. What should have taken one day took 3. I do not recommend this location for any of your technical needs."  I don't think it will break on you but it's not a good one"". Last thing a sales person should ever tell a customer. I think the staff here needs refresher training in product knowledge and customer service skills. Oh well.... There's always stapled."  I'd quickly pick up the ink cartridges---I had purchased cartridges earlier this year from Amazon for $27 and Office Max charged $77!!  Needless to say I had to buy the cartridges from Office Max-from now on will order my cartridge sets from Amazon even if I don't need them immediately." It's too bad they aren't any nicer to customers. It's always empty and their prices need to be more competitive. There are so many simple things that could have happened to not make this visit a horrible experience. Office Max Not big of a store but very well organized. Nice and helpful staff.  but the bathroom is DISGUSTING! (See Photos)" Usually will let me price-match products with OfficeMax and/or any online advertising companies.  Great friendly employees too!  the employees are misinformed and really don't care. I spoke to the manager and even he agrees. Another sign how corporate America is dropping the ball and losing customers to online sales." Anyways get your office supplies here..."  but after they messed up too many orders and one of the salesmen ordered me around I have up.... So then started coming here and thought everything would be better. NOPE! How is it that my orders ALWAYS get messed up or incomplete. Only reason I keep going here is because when it is done right they look amazing. So for now I will deal with Picked up a replacement backup drive (and future e-waste) while I was there.  Piece of cake!" I am surprised that it is still open...for now." There is a huge print service station in the back and plenty of employees to help out with anything. Check out was super quick as there were three cashiers open and ready for a customer. Oh and I found out "I think I am really going to be utilizing this location quite a bit over the next year for ink for my new Brother printer I purchased on Black Friday. Living Social had a great deal for Office Max today for example for 10 bucks you get 20 bucks toward Ink and Toner. The staff is very friendly.....and there were several on staff today due to the Black Friday rush. However with that being said I think they are always courteous and nice despite Black Friday and I will keep you updated if that changes because like I said I will probably be seeing them a lot in the future. They have Ink and Toner for just about any printer......all-in-one.....whether it be laser....inkjet....and I believe they do refills but I will have to double check on that. The prices are very good....however I probably will give Amazon.com a shot first because they have some very good deals on my ink as well. If I don't want to wait however for it to be shipped to me....it is nice to know I can walk to office max and get some in a pinch.....and for a decent price. Eat  unfortunately..."" then this is the store for you. I needed something at the ""print center"" and they just couldn't be bothered. It was all about what they couldn't do. Believe me  and we have one person to check is out! I see 4 other workers just standing around and no incentive to help out! Will not return to this place  but not nearly enough staff for a Sunday!! No one greeted me and I had to stand in line as if I was ready to pay in order to get some assistance and they didn't carry the Zebra brand highlighter refills I was looking for...at least the guy didn't think so?!?! Not very knowledgeable staff!" I was in the store looking for a new laptop  while a employee stared  at me from 10 feet away.  Creepy! 