"This place is a disaster. I made an appointment online for 5:30PM. When I got there they refused me service  I could not comprehend why the air pressure wasn't regulated to my new tires.  How hard was it to make sure that my psi was set to 32?  One tire was at 38 and the other at 35.  I promptly needed to visit a gas station to remedy the situation."  was told it would take about 1.5 hours (when I had an existing appointment). It's almost been 2.5 hours and I'm still waiting. Ridiculous." All of these issues were entirely preventable. The lack of expertise and techincal skill at this Goodyear location is abysmal. I do not recommend."  store manager stated that they will not touch the car as it has aftermarket rims and lug nuts.  He did not state any restrictions about aftermarket parts as they could not guarantee the work.  I asked if this was the case for all rims and he became a little snotty.  I had heart surgery a while back and I can't do the jack and tire work as not to tear at my incision breastplate  Craig and the entire team at Good Year for fitting us in. I really appreciated them getting this done for us so quickly I have bought tires here. I have gotten tires repaired here. The staff is prompt. The product is good. Went in to have a slow leak fixed on a tire.  Got there at 4:40.  No one could look at it because they had an appointment at 5.  One person working and couldn't look at my car.  No appointments available for tomorrow.  Fail! Made an appointment for 3:30. They completely forgot I was coming but said they could start on my car in ten minutes and be done in an hour. Came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot. They said it would take another two hours to start work. Completely unhelpful and unapologetic.  my tire would hold air for a few hours so I drove to another place.  They fixed the flat no problem for $20.  Guess that cracking wasn't so bad after all."  was really friendly and helpful. Had to diagnose something with my car-done quickly. I usually go to the Monroe in Wexford  Ray was dealing with a really difficult customer. I would have blown my top at this guy Never have work done in a place like this until you do your homework!" "I knew I needed new tires and an alignment so I ordered the tires ahead so I could be in-and-out as quickly as possible to make it to class. Showed up noone had ordered the tires but they said they'd split the difference of a different brand. I was a little irritated but agreed and thought this was going to be a bad decision coming here (I'm from out of town); however This shop is not following the guidelines they have clearly posted on their wall and are fabricating problems in an effort to overcharge you for simple repairs.  Avoid this shop." If you need tires go to Pep Boys on Milvalle. If you need an oil change go to Midas on Penn Circle they'll be able to get you in and not wait three days."  where ""45 minutes"" is actually 2 hours and running at the time of this post. My car is on a lift with no tires and the employees are smoking cigarettes laughing. I can't even escape if I wanted to. At least they turned the heat off in the waiting room. Not like it's November in Pittsburgh or anything..." Highly recommended over nearly any other automotive care company in the vicinity - I've tried them all. These guys are the best." "We went there to get two new back tires. We we pulled out the lot we start hearing a loud grinding noise. We took it back and now they're saying there's something wrong with our breaks. But we didn't have that problem until we left their lot! And then we talked to the boss and the big boss and ""there's nothing we can do about it"" they said.   We used our hard earned money about $300 to get something fixed and now we have something broken that wasn't until they touched it... Don't go here. And then there was another lady that was complaining about their service too. Get it together Midas!" They are great.  I will be back if I'm ever in this area when I need anything." DO NOT take your car to Midas!! They do faulty work that can jeopardize your safety. The are unprofessional and discourteous. They place NO value on customer satisfaction. Take your business elsewhere!!" "I called to find out if I needed an appointment to which I was told ""just come now we can take you"" then when I gave them my keys they said come back in three hours. Guy was also trying to push a credit card and seemed upset when I said I didn't want one. Three hours later when I came to get my car transaction was processed and he was ready to let me go on till I brought up that The paper said something had been broken on my last oil change. That's funny because between my last oil change and this one I personally checked them oil meter and it was not broken. Furthermore I week later I found my car's belt system was broken. The guy who fixed it said someone must've broken and although I don't agree it's something they could've seen. Not coming back even though it's rather convenient" Great service! They fit me into a busy schedule within 2 hours of calling and fixed my flat tire for a great price. I will definitely use Midas again after my experience with them. Too many mechanics in east end. I'll go elsewhere if a quick-fix problem occurs. For scheduled maintenance Cheaters should go out of business. I hope you do." Seriously just don't do it. Had a 11 am appointment and was told it would be a hour wait. I got comfortable and finished some work. Let's just say I waited for close to 5 hours. Of course with tons of suggestions totaling almost $800. My quick oil change turned into a day long event and I honestly don't know if they even completed the oil change.  honest and good customer service. Recommend arriving early as they get pretty busy during the day."  The workers are very friendly. I'm a poor college kid and they are always trying to find me the best deals  go some place were they care about getting your car work completed in a timely fashion." Great experience overall." So the whole reason why I chose this Aamco was because it was a short walk from my apartment in Shadyside and I could easily leave my car there and walk home without having to bum a ride from my roommate.  All I needed was an oil change and my PA state inspection and it turned out to be a pretty painless experience.  I just dropped off my car in the morning and picked it up in the afternoon.  It's hard to find a decent mechanic and Larry and his team seem like people who will take good care of you.  I'll be back there for sure. Can't recommend this place enough!" I can't recommend these guys enough.  The best mechanic I have had experiences with in my adult life!"  so I'm taking my car in to actually get it worked on with confidence." "I went here to get my serpentine belt replaced and a transmission flushed and these guys were friendly and efficient.  They took the time to explain things to me and I felt comfortable that they were making the appropriate recommendations without trying to charge me for things I didn't need.  It was ready in just a few hours as promised so I was able to pick it up same day.  Only complaint is that they left my transmission fluid dipstick out of place under the hood so it was just laying on top I'll most likely come back for my future inspection needs  it died! I went back in and told him that the tow truck operator hooked it up to a jumper box and pumped the gas to start it. That's what he did. Then told me it probably didn't start because it was sitting so long. Then he told me ""I don't know anything about your car""! I left and sure enough had trouble getting it started at my next destination "So I had to take my car to get inspected in order to register my car here in PA and ended up taking it to this place.  I called in advance  he offered to schedule me for a Saturday morning appointment as he was going to be in that weekend anyway. I was happy to accept his offer and the actual appointment went very well. The man I spoke with and who worked on my car is very personable and accommodating  I take my SUV here on Sunday in an effort to know why it was running so roughly. I spoke with Brian at the desk who was very polite and professional. Sunday went by then Monday went by. Tuesday morning I get a call from Brian who stated that they couldn't fix my car due to not being able to remove a bolt without possibly getting in over their heads. What!? Are you freaking kidding me!? A NATIONALLY KNOWN GARAGE IS AFRAID TO REMOVE A BOLT!!?? Then I had to pay them $102.67 to get my SUV back. I HAD TO PAY THEM TO WASTE MY TIME AND DO NOTHING!! I know that they say never say never Cons: Even for basic service it often takes +3 days to do." "I took my Jeep to Brian and Jim's shop a month ago because I heard a grinding noise at about 20 mph and above in the general area of the rear wheels.  I talked with Brian a several times and he seems to be a knowledgable and good guy.  They found a used ""rear end"" and installed it at what seems like a reasonable price.  Jeep sounded great when I got it back.  It's now two weeks later and the same (or similar) sound is back.  When I called Brian said essentially P.S. If you're the type that doesn't really like just hanging out in the garage while you wait for them to finish with your car  ""well we strongly believe that if you're good to your customers they'll be good right back to you."" So this is my first yelp review "I own an hvac company. My truck is my life-line!!!!! lost forward drive. Called Brian and talked about repairing the truck asap. He told me to get it into the shop as soon as I could. I had it towed over and he got right on it. Had the transmission out and replaced within a couple days. He could have charged me anything  but this Aamco is the exception.  I brought my car in for the state inspection after a bad experience at another shop.  The new owner was extremely accommodating  these guys are also very friendly and professional.  I only wish all car mechanics would have this type of work ethics."  and friendly service made this a go-to place for my future car troubles. I'm glad to have found some trustworthy mechanics in my area--I think we would all agree they are worth their weight in gold."  at best. I wouldn't go there again.  They quoted me at thousands of dollars of repairs for my car to pass inspection.  I took it somewhere else and had it done for a fraction of the quote." Don't go. I got more problems and sounds on my car after I spent $800 there. unbelievable! Not sure why the negative reviews on here? I went there for brakes and got a great deal. They squeezed me in on short notice too since I was going out of town. I'll be going back for more work -- the guys here are great. I needed a new flex pipe welded. Meineke took care of it quickly and for cheap (after a different mechanic said what the fair price was). What a great place! Mark is amazing! We had been at another car repair shop and took it to Mark because he was close by about 1 year ago and haven't left. He is awesome! Always gets us in and they do excellent work at excellent prices. We will be with him for a very long time. Thanks to Mark and Isaac...consummate professionals who really care!!  and I'm always able to get my car in on short notice. Thanks so much for the awesome job!" They told me that they charge 100 dollars a hour. They worked for 10 minutes and wouldn't give My keys unless I paid them 107 dollars. The second time I went there I went for a minor repair and when I left my car was making a horrible noise and they completely denied it. They wouldn't say they did it. I took it to another auto shop and it was a bent in brake caliber completely rubbing and damaging other parts. It ended up costing over 300 dollars.The son is a scam artist.  it actually took me longer to do the memo and the expense report than it did to put the spare on" I gave two stars instead of one because they didn't actually break anything or lose my car or burn it down or anything. Pricing came in just over what we had agreed on because of the addition of the turndown pipes. I could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself." Won't come again to this place...."  and then these guys for having my tire in stock and for fixing it quickly - I was in and out within 30minutes. My spare probably only had 20 miles on it  and one of the few garages I've dealt with as a single woman who treat me ethically. Thumbs up on this location." Made the same mistake 2x by going to  these clowns. Got tires off of these fools and alignment machine was broken. Scheduled appointment for an inspection and there damn emission machine was down. Couldn't even call me to let me know. Drove down there so they could say sorry want to do it tomorrow? I will 100% take my business back to them and even spread the good word to my friends in the south hills." DO NOT GO HERE - you end up paying for services that are NOT done." "They are fine for oil changes but don't go here for state inspections. They'll try to hit you with a bunch of unnecessary repairs. They wanted to charge me 1 I agree with another yelper- stick to this place for oil changes." Don't waste your time with this place. Go to a small business & support your local mechanics."  I will never recommend or bring another vehicle back! Just this last episode that has to deal with an inspection has me annoyed! Last month I stopped by for an oil change and asked if they could check my brakes since they were squeaky and my ebrake seemed loose. They told me everything was in good condition and nothing to worry about. I have driven 200 miles in the car since beginning of September. We bring it in October for an inspection and now my rear calipers need replaced - roughly $500! So after explaining the situation they lower the price to $350. Just to be on the safe side  it's now 5:56 and my car is still parked in the same spot."  and did a great job of explaining (and showing) what parts needed to be replaced "I've taken my car to them for over ten years and they've been consistently reliable and dependable.  They are honest  they retro-charged me $99 for labor that they originally did not charge me. Bob said ""well it's because we put more time into your car than what we charged"" and ""this is a gift"". I didn't like that but had no choice but to pay." Reservations are not accepted.  Make plans to keep busy either in the mall or in the waiting room (I prefer the former)."  they quoted me (a great price) and had the tires installed. Was surprised that they came in lower than other competitors associates very helpful and willing to help you find what you need. The service here is pretty good and prices average. They have worked on 3 cars of mine and have usually done a decent job. Quite frankly I do prefer Pep Boys but you're stuck there with nothing to do. So I keep coming to this Sears for those things that take time so I can walk the mall."  etc.) would be topped off; I checked in the parking lot afterwards and it was not done.  I was so fed-up with waiting so long that I didn't feel the need to wait even more."  professionalism and quality. Thanks for taking care of all of our car care needs!"  the salesperson had no clue about what a bathroom auger was - I had to find it myself.  In the second "My experience the other day was WAY better than my first interaction with them a few months ago. I came in at 1 pm and the gentleman I dealt with stated that most likely they wouldn't be able to service the vehicle on Tuesday but that I would have to pick it up the following day. I explained that I had purchased my tires at Sears in 2011 and had the warranty. I stated that only 1 tire needed to be replaced due to a gash in the side wall and he said he would try his best. I received a call around 4 saying that they were replacing the tire and I could pick it up the same evening. The warranty discount was applied  but I plan to avoid Sears Auto from now on.  Bad business practices are very disappointing." "I called in for some basic information.  The tech that answered the phone asked ""how can I earn your business""  before I could explain the reason for my call he put me on hold 3 times for over 16 minutes.  I hung up and called back in and another tech answered and advised he would not give any information over the phone I have been coming here for service for 2 years now and spud highly recommend them for any service.  PETER BRISETTE jumped in a helped me. I was so relieved as memorial day is one of the 6 days I have off work yearly. Great experience at the end of the day. Thanks to Peter and the tech Overall I'm a big fan!" This occured on 9 27 2011."  and updated me frequently on the status of the repair. I called ahead and they were able to repair my vehicle right away! It seems like an honest service facility. Will definitely go there again."  even if it comes in under the quote.  At woodies they charged me the full price of the quote This type of treatment is inexcusable and I have no qualms with denouncing the entire company until they deal with their dishonest employees. He tried to ""screw"" me over. Bad move buddy." "I went in Treadquarters Pineville 3 weeks ago to get a patch on my tire. Today I was washing my car I noticed a big scratch on my wheel that went the entire way around. In the past I worked at a custom wheel and tire shop and know that the only thing that will cause this type of damage is if the technician does not pull the wheel weight off the wheel when he dismounts or installs the tire after a repair. Now everybody makes mistakes but back at the tire shop I worked at if the technician made a mistake and caused any kind of damage he would inform the customer. This was not the case at Tread Quarters Pineville. When I went back to Treadquarters to show them the damage  I was looking at nearly 3k of repairs and it appeared a new car was going to be necessary.  I decided to get a second opinion and Treadquarters was able to diagnose that some of the repairs Hendrick recommended were not actually needed at all.  With tires and all repairs I was out of the door under 2k.  Kevin and the mechanic who worked on my care were very friendly and informative.  They promptly explained exactly what they did for my car and what I need to pay close attention to in the near future.  I would highly recommend them to anyone as I have recently moved down to Charlotte from Ohio and have already saved them in my phone as Auto Mechanic.  On top of everything they did  and unfortunatley they recognize me and my mother now for all the work we have had to do on our cars but they are pretty nice and respectful.  I can't say they try to break me any deals like the ones you may get from a non-chain location 500 but was way out of my budget. I took it to another place to get second opinion. I took the itemized list of things that needed to be fixed on my car and come to realize I really didn't need half of the stuff fixed they said I did. In fact one of the items they said I needed  I get in and out and have a little fun in the process.  Perfect place for oil changes  definitely use the coupons - and the evaluation was honest and fair - and no pressure is applied - I would go back again"  He however told me what I needed and took me in the shop and showed me every aspect of my car and his suggestions.  I was the first feel good experience I have had at a repair shop.  Rod has since gone and Tim has taken his place and he gives me the same customer service I have grown to love.  Keep it up guys!" Edit : They claim the link at the bottom will unsubscribe.  I clicked that thing many a time man... been getting emails for years from you Will never go back. Was there 2 hours before closing for an oil change and was turned away because they did not have enough time.  I gladly took my business elsewhere. "Brought my girlfriends car in this morning to get a NC state inspection. I was greeted by Brian who was extremely friendly and helpful. He got me in and out of there in a half hour and gave me some good advice on my car and what needs to be serviced soon. I would recommend precision auto tune in pineville I stopped going to this location after the previous manager Tim was replaced with a female manager who in my opinion was not very friendly or willing to work with customers. I vowed not to return but I was in the area and really needed an oil change so I went by. To my surprise there was a new manager there named Brian who really took care of me and renewed my faith with precision tune. I felt like he was very knowledgable and seemed genuinely concerned with my vehicle and the services required. He was not pushy and prioritized the things needed for my car. I am glad Brian is there and will become a regular customer again. So far so good with my car!"  absolutely the worst.  Horrible communication skills and customer service. I wouldn't imagine In million years how inconsiderate people in the auto business could be."  but I had already spoke with someone at another store and they had advised me that they do! Not good customer service skills at all! This was my first and last time ever patronizing their business I appreciate the call I received from the manager who took the time to read my review and offered to provide the services I originally paid for.  I will update this review once I revisit the business. Left this store and went to Jiffy Lube down the street.  Pulled in at 2:15 and out at 2:40.   Wow...." Do yourself a favor and find a REAL MECHANIC not a FoodCHain." Can't do a simple job- don t trust them !" The service was great! The guys were very nice and I was in and out in about 30 minutes. This Midas location is grossly overpriced! I am new to the area and thought I could trust the Midas name so i went to this location because it was so close to where I was staying. I needed wheel cylinders on the rear wheels of my 2001 Hyundai Accent. I was unhappy about the price but was uncertain of my options and didn't want to mess around with faulty brakes because I have a two year old. I did some research later and found out the Midas four miles down the road charges $100 less for the exact same service. The Midas in Pineville here is a total rip-off! "I had a great experience here. I rolled in in my cross over suv sounding like a dragster. I wasn't sure if I had a hole somewhere throughout the exhaust or if I needed to replace the entire assembly from the car back. The technician checked things out and quoted me for both options and here comes the great part. He was honest with me and recommended that I go for the option that was roughly $800 less expensive and that not only would it do the job well it would actually outlast the more expensive option. Needless to say they've just acquired a loyal customer in me. When you find a mechanic with integrity that you can trust  and a fair price. Plus a chance to grab breakfast or lunch at the Dive-N around the corner. What's not to love?!" Jim is the best for customer service. He makes you feel like you are his only customer even if it is busy. For quality this place can't be beat. They are the best out there. Quick and friendly. Will definitely be using them again!!  there was no offer to rectify the matter in any way. A mechanic doing the oil change brought me to the back to show me my front brakes like I didn't just tell him what he was telling me. Then told me I need an air filter. Smh. Simple quick fix. I tell him to add it. Can't mess that up right? Wrong. It took an extra 35 mins to add the add filter. Then I get my bill and see they've only done a BASIC oil change. No topping of fluids The only reason I am giving them two stars is because my first experience was somewhat pleasant." Really nice straightforward guy who won't upsale you stuff you don't really need. Been looking for a place around Charlotte to take my car and this is my go to place. Highly recommend!!! I was looking for a Toyota Sienna and found one listed here on Craigslist. They went way above and beyond what I expected in helping guide me in the process. Russ is so very knowledgeable and helpful!  and took care of my vehicle in a timely timely fashion.  One of the best parts for me was that it less than others had quoted me.  When you combine the best price with the customer service  Josh.  He did not push me to go forward with fixing it because he was not 100% sure it would work.  He also thanked me at the end for my patience because he realized how long I had been sitting there.  Small thing - but that's what us Yelpers look for when we give 5 stars!" Anything more than an oil change 400 mile road trip. After receiving several confirmation reminders via email and text I showed up to my appointment to find that they ARE CLOSED for the day. I even got a thank you for your business email a few hours later that day. I will never go there. I got a late start on my trip. I it is ridiculous that I was allowed to set up an appointment for a day they are closed on; on their own website. I cannot trust them. I do not recommend."  the lobby is dirty and the workers are rude . One guy said it was going to be 9.95 more because my car is a newer car (08 beetle ) and that they had to use a different oil filter . I told him that i had never heard that before in the many years i had my car and he just walked away and said well i can get the manager to explain to you and didnt even give me a chance to say anything else. Not the first time i take my car to a Meineke but it was the first time i bring it to this one and the last !" I have taken all three of our vehicles there and they always do a great job. They are very professional and their labor rate is reasonable. Fair and reasonable rates with exceptional service.  and got us back on the road. Very reasonable cost! Thank you!"  seemed competent and the price was what I expected." wipers etc on my own at a much more reasonable cost.This place was different.I was told by the friendly and professional manager [Patrick White] only of things to keep an eye on.As Heathers review indicates  I saved an additional 10 dollars. They vacuumed my interior and washed my windows better than the homeless guys on the corners. Yes. I shall be back and it will be before 10 am. Just please  and professional with little ""up sell"" pressure..Melissa has been especially accomodating and helpful.."  the so called diagnostic test that they ran was probably a load of BS and all they wanted to do was scam me into having ""their guy"" fix my unbroken car Seems that recent turnover has caused a decrease in previously praised customer service. Have had basic oils changes for years at this location. In past oil top offs were included and complimentary. Was advised on recent visit that was not included with basic oil change.When advised no problem in past years was told I could buy a quart for $6.50.. Hmmm. In summary was there for 20 minutes to check oil and received upsells only.. Idiot general manager.. Complete hack that wants everyone to know he's buddies with the District Manager...plays good cop bad cop to threaten employees...over worked.  Under paid and under appreciated... Run from this place if you haven't yet..  both of which happened right in front of me. I was surprised that the disciplinary interactions were not conducted in a private location and that this gentleman didn't seem to care that customers overheard him expressing his displeasure. Fortunately for me  I have had my 09 Jeep Wrangler and my 99 Tahoe into j and l they have always done a awesome job on either one of them hats off to chuck and the boys keep up the great work!!!!!"  let me know the issues that they found and did an amazing job at pointing out which ones were major and which ones were so minor that they wouldn't even recommend getting them fixed at this point. Very fair price and they don't try to up sell or push anything on the customer.." In the mean time they asked me if I could bring the truck in right away. I was able to. They were able to get the bars installed in less than a half an hour and expedited the process by having 2 people work on it.  All in all Very disappointed in this operation. I had emergency lights installed on my jeep and after I left I started looking at them and they are crooked. The brackets they used to install the lights were black metal. They spray painted them with a light coat but they it will take no time for them to rust. Plus they were cut crooked also. Biggest disappointment was they smoked in my vehicle while installing. Now ever time I get in I smell cigarettes. Will never do business with them again. EDIT - the less expensive store was the highly rated Park Street location."  but also of following basic conversations about servicing a vehicle. I will not be returning to any Midas location ever again." That's just not right." So after I posted this review I was sent a msg from customer relations saying they would contact me in 24-48 hours to discuss my experience. .ITS BEEN OVER A WEEK..no word from anyone..your batting a 1000 Midas"  and goes the extra mile for you...look no further. Call Dave's Auto." "Completely incomparable! Loved Dave and the service I received. I had a gas leak and needed all of my gas lines replaced. He was able to accomplish this in less than 24  hours. My father was a master mechanic while I was growing up. Unfortunately I don't live near him so I had to look elsewhere for service  and reasonable price. I will definitely be returning when more service is needed."  reliable and fair. Appointments are easy to book and flexible.  I've recommended Dave to many over the years." They said I needed a timing belt replaced when Honda Civics from 2006 don't have a timing belt. I highly recommend Clausen's Automotive." A good place to go for honest service. Just a great crew! Helped my friend out in a pinch. .. treated us very professionally and respectfully and completed the work perfectly!  We are now regulars here! UNdZmxmhKcXNRssYwhwcPw  but they only had one car in the bay. What's the point in advertising a cheap special on oil changes if you won't do it because you close only an hour after people get off work." One word of caution-their repair services are extremely over-priced.  I got ripped off big time on a brake job and the West side location (my reason for being skeptical of Meineke).  I have found   and they fit me into a busy schedule.   Great service  and a tire rotation.  I have a scratched rim on my car so I know where it was they said they rotated my tires when in fact they didn't. Total losers"  they fit me in and DID NOT TAKE ADVANTAGE of me! They told me I don't need brake pads it's just what cars do on ice ! LoL! Friendly and fast and sooo much cheaper than the city! Tax alone was worth it!" "These guys are great. I had recently moved to Madison and still looking for a place I liked where i felt I could trust them. Came in a few months ago on a Saturday. They were pretty busy  ran another errand. Came back at noon and waited 40 minutes for them to even take my car in for work. Lucky for them an oil change takes ~20min and we were able to get out about an hour after we arrived. Great customer service as always but not impressed today with the time it took." These guys are great! I like their reward system & their service is quick and friendly. Good prices too!  Bob at Meineke has been keeping the cars in our family in tip - top shape. I never used to like going to car maintenance facilities. I felt venerable. I felt as if I was submitting to Jiffy Lube's bullshit schemes to have me replace a filter I didn't need or add on the premium package."  from drive up to drive away it took maybe.. 30 minutes even though there were several other cars in the garage (I went at 2pm on a Tuesday afternoon)." If you're looking for a cheap oil change  I called them the following Wednesday confused on why it was taking so long "I called to schedule an oil change right before Christmas when no one could fit my car in. They took it the same day and told me it would take half an hour. I left it there while I went to work. When I picked it up everything was just fine. The people were very friendly and professional. They took my yelp coupon that I showed them on my phone. The only thing was they didn't reset my oil change light  no fluff car repair shop. I take all my fleet vehicles here for repairs/ oil changes when needed."  courteous and replaced my brakes for a compelling price with a of couple hours turn around time. A must go for anyone who is unsure about car nitty gritty and don't want to get ripped off!"  I would not have gone through with the repairs. I don't see how they failed to miss a burned out part. Now I spent $800 on a car that's going to the junkyard because the people working on my car did not notice damage to a very significant part of my car (that the check engine light code gives the notification that there's a problem there) or just tried getting some money from me. Definitely will never come here again when/if I get a new car." I would definitely recommend them to anyone who needs a repair."  reasonable prices.  I took my truck in for a basic oil change.  I received a call from the owner letting me know about a brake light that was out & asked if I wanted them to replace it.  The clerk was very nice and helpful.  I haven't been here enough to give them 5 stars  which I did in about ten minutes with nothing but a pair of channel locks.   I am reducing my stars down from two stars to one  but the manager took ownership and helped me get everything straightened out.   Friendly staff."  but the only way this could've gone worse would've been if they straight up lied about problems with the car." Thanks Matt! Keep up the great work." Because they are so awesome I tell everyone I know about this experience I too had the Groupon. I think most of us are more inclined to write a bad review than taking the time to write good reviews so I am going to change that for me today ( it is a Lent thing but I hope it will carry on).  That being said this is why I give my 5 stars to Virginia Auto. Being a single women is always a bit unverving taking my car in repairs.  After dropping off my car the women at the desk called me to explain things they found on my car. First thing she told me was the good things about the car which I think is very important like tire wear looked good etc so I could quit holding my breath. Then she went into things that may be needed but could wait and then she sugested having my headlamp covers cleared to help with night diving which I did and it was the best money I could of spent.  I found the people answered the phone right away when I called to make the appointment and everyone was very polite and friendly. Definately a find for a single women and I won't  tell my age but driving at night is easier with shiney headlights!  but the brakes never did become a problem again.  Though the owner claims that I couldn't have POSSIBLY fixed them for $90 "These guys are AMAZING! I brought my car in and they checked over the WHOLE car! I realize my car needs some TLC. The guys prioritized my list of things I need to get done and made me estimates too. I know I have alot of money I need to save to fix my car but the guys are helping me out and we are doing a little at a time. I LOVE the fact they told me EVERYTHING that was wrong with my car. They have a GREAT staff I highly recommend this shop."  for taking such great care of me and my car and allowing us to head out of town for a few days without worrying about my car!" "The yelp reviews were so good I wanted to believe I found a new mechanic "We recently took our Mercedes to Virginia Auto Service for  a new set of tires. Since we purchased the vehicle there has been a vibration in the rear of the vehicle. We have taken it to several places  I was regularly facing pricey service visits even for regular maintenance.  The increase in cost was pretty odd since it corresponded with the change in my service contact (they are paid on commission at the Acura dealer).  I was also pretty annoyed by the ""transfer"" of my trusted contact.  So Keep up the good work!  Always glad to support local businesses!"  I highly recommend giving these guys a try!  I'm fiercely protective and OCD about my car -- if I trust Audrey to someone P.S. Do yourself a favor and check out Inman & Sons instead. :)" Matt and Tim were great. When going over solutions I felt they were straight forward and upfront about the cost of the repairs. I  also felt that they understood how I felt about being separated from my money. Our Volvo is running great and we hope to keep it running for a long time with the help of Virginia Auto Service. M-MFa0YErVBbFW2IJhGJmw "I thought I had a problem with my car's heater.  I took it into Virginia Auto and they discovered that was only a symptom of a major engine problem.  So they did some research on it and found out it was a manufacturer's defect.  They arranged for the dealership to get me a whole new engine 3. Burgie will give you a ride back to your work/home!" you will ""You Get What You Pay For"" . Trust me.....This business will not disappoint!"  which is now getting up there in age. They're patient and always willing to explain what services will be done to my car and give me a fair price. They're not the cheapest in town but they do high quality work. Even when I had to have work done at another shop they called and had the details of the work faxed over to double check and ensure that everything was done properly." "I've been using Virginia Auto for years because I trust them to do it right the first time.  They are clean  kind and reliable repair shop for my car.  Did my oil change run a bit more than some $19.99 special?  Yes All you Phoenix ladies who don't know a bunch about cars and need reliable auto repair with out getting lied to plus its right by Band-Aids so you can drop your car off and 'wait in the lobby' at the gentlemans club "I took my truck to get an oil change and inspection. Robert was super friendly and knowledgeable. They did a great job and even picked me up from work. The only thing I didn't receive was the truck wash I was told I'd get (not the important part). Overall  and their ability to judge and hire employees to reinforce their business desires and dreams. Matt is an example of a great owner and his business illustrates this day after day." Definitely recommended!"  friendly. I've taking my car here for a year and will continue to for many more." M-MFa0YErVBbFW2IJhGJmw  no.  They really thought i would be bullied into getting a service done that I don't need and that would not fix what was wrong to begin with.  So they are either incompetent or just puling a scam on a ""girl"".  what is even more outrageous is all these people think they are doing a good job.  i hope no one gets hurt because of virginia auto service"  the lack of a proper diagnosis and insufficient repairs provided by Virginia Auto. I lodged a complaint with the owner and requested a refund.  He laughed and said he would only communicate in writing with me.  He has never once asked about my complaint  we should stick with them.  I left a bad review because I didn't like the way Robert spoke to me *and* because the price quote was dramatically different than other places. I felt exploited because I was vulnerable -- my car was towed there and I was stuck. (I couldn't go to my mechanic because he was too far away and I was running between my two jobs.)  I'm fixing it because Matt has a lot of integrity as a shop owner and I'm grateful he took the time to research the situation and offer me a better solution.  In yelp-speak 000 miles? I've been to other shops that will fix your car for cheap and do a quick-fix repair that will mask or even fix issues for a time. If that's what you're looking for Save your time addressing my review with your wit and sarcasm and spend some time and money teaching your guys some ethics!  I may not know everything Save your time addressing my review with your wit and sarcasm and spend some time and money teaching your guys some ethics!  I may not know everything  coming from someone who just moved to the Valley. Would definitely recommend them; ask for Robert" 000???  Seriously?  I told them I wanted a second opinion.  I took my car to 2 other mechanics and neither of them quoted me over $1 I've never had such a good experience with a shop in the years I've owned cars. I will definitely go back to Virginia Auto if I have further issues with this or any future vehicle." "Today I took my car in for an Oil Change (PERIOD).  The mechanic decided to play with my coolant overflow and when he pulled the clamp off the line the plastic broke inside the hose and they wanted me to pay for it.  THAT IS CRAZY!! I never asked them to do anything other than an oil change.  Conveniently Top notch customer service. They walked me through what must happen and what could wait. Even dropped my car off for me! I've never experienced such excellent service from start to finish. "Great auto shop! I brought in my truck after another shop failed to fix an oil leak. Service was excellent NUR1pLEwUETAvcW_1rfGFw "I have been taking my vehicles to Terry for years. Even though I live in Queen Creek I go take them all the way into Phoenix because I trust Terry and he has always been good to us. If you need a fair mechanic you can trust  and honestly if I were to move to another state I would want to take him with me because it is very hard to find a good mechanic. You can't go wrong with Terry's Tire and Auto!!" I have nothing but good things to say about Terry  timely and friendly. Got us in the same to do a pre buy inspection. They did a thorough job while we waited and we left with peace of mind about the vehicle we were purchasing. We signed up for email service reminders and will definitely be back." NUR1pLEwUETAvcW_1rfGFw the owner is always in the shop and not only does the owner but the other employs get to know you on a first name bases. They are friendly down to earth. They get you the best work and best price better then any other shop. They get down to what's wrong with your vehicle and get it done fast but done right. I know they can work on any brand type make year because I have a 2003 ford crown vic   competitive prices - very knowledgeable. I would recommend them to anyone."  an auto repair shop that I can trust! I have been taking my car here for a while based on a recommendation I received. I always feel confident that they are being honest with me and I always receive excellent service. It doesn't  hurt that they leave a piece of candy in my car when I pick it up :-)!" Since writing this review I have received a phone call from them making sure that I was satisfied with their service and received a thank you card in the mail. They continue to impress me. When was the last time you got that level of service from anyone?"  was not a problem. Thank you so much for Honest and Good Service. I know I will be taking my car back there for all my repairs.  They have great Oil Change prices and a percentage off your service for referring a friend. All around great family feel place." I saved over $700 by having them do the work and not the first overpriced shop."  they told me I had a horrible coolant leak. I explained that's what I had gotten fixed back in January. They told me it was going to cost me more money for them to figure out where the leak was coming from. I refused to let them touch my car. I brought it to another mechanic to find out the ""leak"" was a $2.00 fix. A metal clamp that holds the hose in place was loose. If the mechanics at Dean's can't spot a loose metal hose clamp "Do not go to DEANS auto repair unless you want to waste half your day and receive a bill you pay to get your car back that is a poor opinion of  what needs to be repaired.  What a joke this place has the b**** to charge $135 to open the hood for a few minutes and sit on the car for an hour and call you back to say you need to clean out your gas lines Trustworthy. Thorough. Dependable. Tucked on the corner of 32nd Street and Oak this longtime Central Phoenix repair shop has been my go-to for about 4 years. They get to know their customers and the cars they drive and never ever upsell. If you don't really need a repair they'll tell you it can wait. They'll give you a ride to work and pick you up when your vehicle is done. These are good people who do good work for an honest rate.  grab keys off the unattended front counter and steal vehicles right out of their own parking lot in less than a minute.They did fix the problem with my coolant system I have heard about Dean's from several friends as well as people I work with and the company I work for go there to service our vehicles. I am able to drop it off and get a oil change come back and they make sure my car is in the best shape and I leave with a great running car with new oil and a new attitude! Thanks to everyone at Deans Auto for the amazing work and taking care of my car!  I would recommend Tucker Tire highly!" We were referred to this place by Chapman BMW because we had a nail in our tire. We went there and they treated us well.  I followed my wife in my truck and she noticed I had a nail in my tire too so we asked them to look at it. They took care of my wife right away for $20 bucks. Then they looked at my truck and figured all they had to do was pull the nail and needed no additional work...At no charge!  Willing to help us right away...$20. Total honesty?  Priceless!!  These guys were great and I would recommend them to anyone. n4N4NyNS78JUvamWttTxJw They're a long-time locally-owned business  but he was also that way to everyone that walked through the door.  I took very kindly to the way he treated an elderly woman - like a VIP - despite her demanding and sometimes naive questions and requests." I purchased 2 tires for my car here before making a long trip. They recommended putting the tires on the rear to decrease the likelihood of hydroplaning. I followed their recommendation and am I glad! I am convinced their recommendation saved my life because I ran into some terrible rainstorms between Phoenix and California - could hardly see the road at times - and those new tires held the road like they had claws! "Tucker Tire & Auto has been the only place that I know they will be honest and get the job done right!  I have been a customer for 15 years and they have taken care of my Chevy Equanox  which is nice!  This is the second time I've been here.  They changed all 4 tires on my BMW for a super good price!  I definitely recommend these guys!"  and fixed the alignment on my car quickly while I waiting (with a scheduled appt I have been to Tucker Tire & Auto twice and am VERY pleased with their work.  They treat me with the greatest respect and the job is done in a decent time frame.  I feel like they operate as if they were a small town operation only in a very large city.  It is nice to know I'm not just a number on their list.  Both gentlemen that work in the office explain things carefully and even the owner chats with all of the customers in the waiting area.  This is a fantastic place to bring your car to.  Thank you Charlie Stevenson! Excellent care of the customer and the car.  Thank you!  we will definitely use them when we purchase tires in the next couple of months. same day service & friendly staff"  repairing his vehicle quickly so he could be on the road and back to work.  This demonstrates their COMPETENCY.  It is easy to recommend this company.  I don't plan to go anywhere else Great Service! Came in because I had a flat tire and they helped with changing it out for me! No one was rude. "Took my 2000 Ford Ranger in for a trip check and oil change. AC was also out. I learned my front brakes needed replacing. Price was fair. They did not hassle me to get other work done that was not essential. Work was done quickly. I also liked that they have a rewards program. A couple weeks later "These guys helped me as soon as I walked in.. I thought I only had a leak in 1 tire but they informed me 2 tires had nails in them. It didn't surprise me. They worked very quickly on what seemed like an otherwise busy day for them. I was out in 45 mins. They repaired both tires which was more than Discount Tire said they could do ""for safety reasons"" -- more like ""for profit reasons"". I'd recommend Tucker and I'll definitely go back."  and they get the job done quickly.  They even offer you a ride to wherever you need to go while they're working on your car."  belt and tension - around $1000 parts & labor. I took it to another local shop for a second opinion and quote and I am so glad I did. Turns out it was a wheel bearing issue. I feel like a shop specializing in tires should have caught that  I didn't have to wait a very long time. Their prices were very reasonable and the service was professional and fast. They were able to fix my brake pads "You need an appointment to get your oil changed. I walked in and there was nobody in the lobby and two gentlemen working. I stood in front of the first gentleman inside the door for a solid 30 seconds before he acknowledged me and then gruffly told me to see the other guy. I walk down to the other guy two steps away who just heard me tell the other guy needed an oil change and then asked me what I wanted. Then I told him I would like to get an oil change. He asked me if I had an appointment I said no he said he could not get me in that day was rather rude about it. Understand if you need appointment that's a thing  competent shop. I don't really know how much you can say about an auto repair shop other than they get it right. They are a very honest and straight forward group I live one block away and they are good but I have a 21 year old car that is also a fairly rare model (300CE). They are located on the morning drive side of 16th Street and open at 7:00am and close at 5:30pm." The staff is super friendly and they get you in and out quickly. Couldn't have better things to say about them. They literally saved me thousands of dollars!!!" I honestly could not say enough good things about this shop.  They have saved me a lot of money of the years.  Just try them once. You won't regret it."  I wanted to find an honest place that wasn't going to try and upsale me.  I didn't have any other transportation and I also wanted get a manicure down the street.  They were so nice  they stand by their warranties 100%...which is equally important.  I trust Martin's Auto I will definitely be bringing my car back here for future service." "I met the owner at a Local First Arizona event and love that they are a neighborhood shop that takes pride in their workmanship and customer service. The shop and waiting area is clean  and gave a great run down on the prices for things that I needed work on my car. Next time my car breaks down  it was) and under the hood there were bolts sitting on the side by the battery. I have no idea if they belong to my vehicle. There was also a rag tucked on the other side of the hood. The plastic cover on my neg. battery cable was sitting by the valve cover instead of being put back on or discarded. And the wiring harness which was accessed during the repair was not rewrapped and the wire that was worked on was completely exposed. I wanted to take the truck back but I was pretty soured on the lack of care for the work that was done. I will keep looking for a mechanic that gives me more bang for my buck."  and I open my mail box to see a hand written Thank You post card from these guys saying they appreciate my business. Never have I ever received a post card from ANY company  he told me a better use of my money would be to find another used car.   I'm a loyal customer and you will be too once you've been here." "David and Glenn are really good guys. Hard to find people to trust in a 'big' city. Was recommended by someone I trusted greatly and have been a regular there with three different cars for two and a half years. Will do good honest work and not charge you for services you don't request. Glenn will often put together a list of things that can be done to better the car Google serendipitously brought me to Martin's Yelp page.  I called and spoke with Glen there and they were able to get my vehicle in the next day.  They gave me a fair quote and a helpful list of maintenance items to be aware of for the future if I chose to repair them.  Everyone that I spoke with here was really kind  I brought my car in again  last week to get it in shape to pass emissions-my tags were seriously expired and the check engine light had been on for a few months. glen kept me informed on everything that needed to be done  everyone is always very professional and friendly. I don't live far - so I'm always able to get a ride to or from the shop.    I trust them and they do good work.  What more can you ask for." Best part? They always leave a cute little treat for you in your car when you come to pick it up. How can you not leave with a smile?"  & they can also give you a ride home or work." Martin's Auto Repair is absolutely top notch!" "They replaced the clutch in my Nissan Frontier about a year ago. After comparing prices for the job "Hard to find an auto repair place you can trust. I have been here twice and they are trustworthy  I received a phone call explaining the options as far as types of oil and an explanation of the benefits of one over another. Though a little pricey "Martin's is truly wonderful. I've had my Jeep for 15 years and they take excellent care of it. I've never once felt as though they're making unneeded repairs. Anytime I have a concern regarding my Jeep Dave is wonderful and everyone is so friendly. They told me exactly what was wrong with my car and to bring it in again just to make sure it was handled correctly. I'll definitely make the drive from tempe to here." "I went to this auto shop about a year ago and they wanted to charge me $1k for replacing valve cover gaskets and other odds and ends.  Well  sometimes Auto Shops are a bit difficult to deal with but These guys treat me with the utmost respect and I am confident in there service!  Local owned and family operated too These guys took me in first thing in the morning even though they had a full day scheduled. I was having issues with my Stabilitrak and traction control system. The problem was diagnosed and fixed in a few short hours even with a full schedule. I even overheard a conversation with the technician telling the customer they were going to cover the repair cost related to their vehicle since they had worked on a supporting part in the past. Usually a shop will tell you to find the receipt and bring it in to them before they will ever cover work that they've done in the past but this was the complete opposite. You just don't get that these days!! It's extremely out of my way to go to the shop but I will continue to bring my business back here. uKNp1tdMEibbriPE9bhZKg Thank you for the great care." Will be bringing the other car there for sure and recommending to friends!" Honest and friendly staff that have superb workmanship. What more could you ask for? (Maybe a free shuttle home while your car is getting worked on or a goodie bag left as a thank you? Yep they have that too)  and I see them constantly going above & beyond to offer amazing service to all clients. I feel lucky to have found this place!"  on time on budget and honest.  I highly recommend using him - i will again."  you can trust Martin's Auto Repair.  I recently moved to Phoenix from WI and wanted to establish myself with a dependable auto repair service.  When I ""tried them out"" with an oil change  even providing me with a free diadnostic. I will definitely be a long time customer."  I can get a ride to work and they even put a treat on my seat with a ""thank you"" when they are done! Love it!"  and had the truck on the round again in no time. I became an instant fan. A few days later I took my car in. Their inspection identified the source of my concern and also identified other safety issues. Glenn helped me sort out what needed to be done now and what could wait until my budget was ready to comply. I can't say enough positive things about this shop. They are all professional  you feel positive you got the best deal around!  Top that with their warranties and why go anywhere but here? Take the guess work out of taking care of your vehicle by taking it to Terry and Rob! Thanks guys for all you do!" I took my car in because it was leaking some oil...that was actually spilled oil from an oil change done elsewhere. They cleaned it up without charge and without the awful upsell you get at most other repair shops.  I'll be going there exclusively." Will return for the quick and honest auto service.  They didn't dry to upsell me on any unnecessary services that my car didn't need." gCaccP5CxQn-j2KCNbD4gg  given the problem. Just kind of goes to show that smaller shops with a long history in the area are usually the way to go." "Ive been having my car serviced here for 6 years.  The last time they failed to tighten any of the lug nuts on one of the wheels after a tire rotation.  i drove away and nearly crashed.  I had to call them to tell them to come out and tighten the wheel as it was barely on the car.  I never received an apology  which will be very soon as my car brakes are squealing at an ungodly range higher than Mariah Carey's  be buying my replacement tire from them - they earned a lot of customer loyalty today!" Here's the kicker: we had to take it to another shop to have the alignment fixed because they didn't do the initial work properly."  describe the noise and no one can look me in the face or offer a smile or ask if I have the time to have this looked at or resolved at t he moment . The woman behind the counter asked for my keys and what car of mine it is for and they can take it for a drive. I let her know I need to be in the car (i have over $40k of lab equipment  from work inside the car since I'm on my lunch break ) before I know it my car is gone and they inform me he took it out for a test drive.  When the mechanic returns he can't hear a noise (he drove it on a busy street with the windows up and unable to reach the speed I told him I heard the noise at)  Love this location! I have taken my vehicles here for years. They fit me in even without an appointment (most of the time) and are always courteous and even drop me off at work 3 blocks away! Love supporting local businesses and will always go here! Fast quick service.... not too expensive but. Will use them again in the future when I need another tire. (I'm 55.  Is that old?   Okay nDJ9Pbt0RF6iXLgVzGyC3Q nDJ9Pbt0RF6iXLgVzGyC3Q My advice- avoid this place at all costs."  but us being female shouldn't have anything to do with the fact they don't seem capable of fixing a problem without causing a new one. Francisco was the only person there worth talking to. He was great  but the service is just wonderful and pleasant . The staff is extremely nice and helpful. I will continue bringing my car here for service."  after going to pick it up none of the tires were we're rotated and again were not taken off I had pictures to prove they were wrong and they adamantly said I'm sorry about your pictures but I did rotate them and walked away   they are friendly and honest. I will bring all my vehicles here for service." When I went into the store he was there and just as professional and kind in person. I was in an out for the oil change in less than an hour and the store itself was clean and well kept. Will definitely be going back!"  he was super friendly and figured out what was wrong with my car quick.   they were able to replace my coolant temp. switch that same hour and my radiator fans started working instantly.  ill definitely be going back to this location" We have had our oil changed here for years. Last time We marked our tires and found they had failed to rotate them. We complained and they gave us a coupon for a free oil change.  This time we found all the info for all of our cars had been deleted from their system. They honored the free oil change but had cleaned all the marks off our tires so we can't tell if they rotated. Suspect much?  I think so P.S - They will respond to your complaint with a generic I'm sorry about your trouble contact us here: XXX. I have done that in the past and they don't answer or don't follow up. So don't be persuaded by the reply." after I already payed the three hundred to get it fixed as promised.  Believe me I told them no. If they had diagnosed my cars a/c problem correctly the first time around and gave me the correct quote of almost a thousand dollars then I would have taken my car somewhere else for another opinion. Now I'm out the three hundred some dollars because they believe they didn't do anything wrong and I am now driving around in the 114 phoenix heat without a/c. Trust me when I say that they have lost my trust in their ability to diagnose and repair vehicles along with the way they are running their business. I for one will never be bring my car to sun devil auto again." I had to get my starter replaced and they were very helpful and professional the whole way through. They also had a substantially lower quote and faster response time than other shops in the area. I've been taking my vehicles to this location for over five years. Maurice is outstanding. He is very polite and professional. I have always been pleased with the quality of work completed by staff at Sun Devil.  Maurice had me in and out same day. Very friendly and overall make me feel comfortable. Thank you again Maurice! I will definitely be back to this location any time I need work on my car done." This place is a complete and utter joke... made an appointment for a simple oil change.. I walked in 15 minutes early and literally sat there for 45 mins.. no one even acknowledged me.. mind you I had an APPOINTMENT.. you would think someone would be at a counter calling me telling me Im late right?? Nope.. not this place... I should of robbed the damn register on my way out cause there is no one even around.. that dude at the desk works like a chicken with his head cut off.. horrible horrible service.. now Im NEXT DOOR at Brake Masters and they already have my car being worked on... save yourself the complete nonsense going on at Sun Devil Auto and just go somewhere else.. or do it yourself.. I would pay some dude in front of the Home Depot before I ever thought about going back there Maurice is great.  Gives an honest assessment and a fair price.  Completely trust these guys.  I will be back here for all my vehicles needs!"  in fact I had called around ahead of time for prices and got the best price here. I also had a problem with my belts squealing for over a month. They were kind enough to adjust them while they performed the service I came in for and got rid of the squealing at no charge to me. I will definitely be coming back to this location." I have never been so disappointed in an oil change! First they took my car and told me they would contact me when it was ready so I was free to do some shopping in Costco next door.  They never called.  I walked back over to pick up my car to find they never touched it and refused to work on it.  They said they heard a noise in the engine and would not tell me what it was.  (I had it checked out at different place).  Sears told me my engine could blow up at any moment.  All that was wrong was the O2 sensor was broken (nothing to cause and engine to blow up).  These guys were just lazy and did not want to do any work.  They chose to scare me instead.  I will never go back to a Sears Auto Center for anything. I took my car there when i had a flat tire. They found a nail in it and replaced it. Great prices on tires.  Another time i thought i had another flat and took it there to get checked. They checked and told me my tires were fine and they refilled my tires. But they had not! I went home and check the pressures and it was as low as 25 psi. Not sure i will trust them again! FYI Check for coupons on their Yelp page before going it might save you some money like it did me :)" "These guys are crooks. Shop manager there said I needed a new tire and that another guy was going to come in an tell me about options available. Guy B comes in and says oh you need 2 tires so let's get some prices. I said your shop manager just said I needed one. ""Well I recommend 2."" I'll do with 1 thank you. Guy B says oh you're just in luck I have XYZ Brand tire for $108 per tire... I drive a PT CRUISER! I could get all 4 tires BRAND NEW up the street at they're competitors shop without hassle for $75 more. Why the hell would i pay that for 1?! This place is a joke."  bring someone that knows what they're talking about. Never go here if you don't know know about cars because they'll replace things that don't need to be replaced and do a horrible job doing so. I wish I could give them 0 stars."  Mike the owner was honest and to the point and replaced our blower motor for AC lickety split for this upcoming HOT weekend-got us our vehicle back the same afternoon." I have been going there for years. If you need anything they will do it for you. I had them rewire my 72 mustang from head light to tail light and they did a great job. They are not quick but they are always extremely busy. Oh! And efficiently fast!"  they do free brake inspections and if you make sure they install OEM brake parts instead of advertised specials which WILL squeek badly then BM can be a good option.  For that service alone I wouldn't write them off."  and didn't try and sell me a bunch of other add ons. Friendly service and did what needed to be done." 5m1L5l_k2xFTZO3jttmVOg Went there for an oil change recently.  Didn't know if there's going to be a wait time so I called ahead and make an appointment.  In and out of the store in under 30 minutes.  Great service and friendly staffs.  but the shop nearby would have taken three hours minimum and cost more." So I'm won as a customer and will go here for all my auto needs from now on and no more needing to stress out everytime i need something with my car. yay ^-^"  they did not even want us to leave the vehicle there overnight. I will NEVER do business again with this company (or this location). We ended up calling AAA and having it towed to their business. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BUSINESS!!!! They come off as nice guys but in the end they're lazy mechanics."  and replace my air filters. The team communicated often concerning their findings and the cost was much less than the first shop. They saved me a brake job I'm never going back to this shop again This is the worst break masters in town. Not one mechanic can show you there ASE  certifications even though they advertise it. I would never recommend you let these guys touch your car. They make jokes after they mess up your car even blew a customers engine while I was there. The wait is  a joke like the employees as they all sit around watching videos on there phones while your car sits there. There's is a reason kids work at these places. You want a mechanic go to a repair shop not a jiffy lube cause that's all that break masters is. Save your money please don't make my mistake. I'm happy with the service otherwise." Better service this time around. Steve is a nice guy! They're open to our Saturday car needs last minute (oil change). Done within  an hour and some. Every other brake masters was full till the next week except these guys. I appreciate it. "I took my car there for an oil change and as soon as I walked in I realized the great customer service. They are very nice. They said good morning to me with a smile on their face. I went to three different places before I ended up on this one and what I heard as greeting was "" WHATS UP... WHATS GOING ON.... and a simple..SUP?""  A GOOD MORNING from the guys at Break Masters # 122 made my day. They finished the oil change and the gentelman Awesome awesome.. walked in after some horrible experiences elsewhere and they had everything done in less than an hour... thanks guys...  I chose to skip the break fluid change. The price was good. Bad part is that I had to wait for 2 hours and 30 minutes because they first got a spare that didn't fit and had to go back to find the right one again. Wish they gave a proper estimated wait time so I would have chosen to drop it off."  I'm looking at having to have my engine completely cleaned of burnt oil and transmission fluid and hope I won't have to get a new transmission or engine."  I drove the SUV for a week and it still didn't feel right when braking so I brought it back and the manager Craig handled what ever the issue was and made it right. I wasn't happy having to leave my car again or wait as I did the first time and having paid good money "Posted on the window is $18.95 oil change.  When I dropped off my jeep I specified that I wanted the express oil change for this price.  The guy at the counter even told me to look up a $5 off coupon!When I picked up my car 1 1/2 hours later they told me my total was over $40.   I reminded him I wanted the express oil change Customer service sent a message claiming I was untrue about my review because the total was $18.95 plus tax-did I not mention that I got the $18.95 price after being told that my total would be over $40 and had to argue with the employee about the price?  If that's unclear then let me make it clear. Your employee was rude and tried to charge more to a customer. There ARE honest mechanics. Took my car in this morning to ask for an estimate to replace my brakes which have been screeching to high heaven. They took a look and told me I probably have 20K miles left before I'll need them replaced; it's just the pad compound that makes a lot of noise. Since I only have only 24K miles on the current brakes "I should have written this review years ago. This place is really great. I have been bringing our family vehicles here for the better part of the last decade. They are fast  thorough and also timely.  I have been bringing my car to them for the past three years  price was ok. Per the 3000 mile rule I took it to another shop for an oil change and they told me the oil hasn't been changed in over 6000 miles!! This place charged me for the service and it was never done. Crooks and I'm never going back."  professional and didn't try to add on additional repairs. He kept us updated throughout the day on the status(which I really appreciate!)  and by 430p she was ready to be picked up!  They did a great job!  Thank you Steve for making this experience a good one!"  spoke with me and made me comfortable with leaving my car at the competitor's shop because the other shop also does very good work at a very reasonable rate. Cory in no way tried to steal my business. He vouched for the other business and spoke very highly of them. Class act."  I was happy to see that the shop closest to my house had three positive reviews.  I spoke directly with the store manager The price is fair and there very Honest most of all...If your a single women you can trust what they tell you..."  and did the work in one day.  Their prices are fair with no upselling!!  Thanks to Robin & Brian--you are the best!!" They are just ripping you off if you ask them to fix anything but your transmission in my opinion."  and several other repairs. Very friendly and helpful staff. I recommend this place to everybody!"  paid my bill and have spent the past two weeks adjusting and repairing the little things myself or having another shop do it. Case in point was a simple bolt/screw that held a kick down cable in place. After putting car on rack and wondering why fluid was pouring from trans "Awful experience today. Took my car to get a repair and left with more damage than I had when I got there. Owner is very unprofessional and doesn't care about his customers. Office manager was at least willing to listen Instant response and inspection. Found my transmission performing normally. We will need to get some scheduled maintenance done but nothing unexpected. Great news for 107000 miles. 400.00.  To RE-build my transmission.  Used scare tactic "" oh you CAN NOT drive out of here it is un-safe"".  This is a common practice of AAMCO to separate you from your car as quickly as possible.   After leaving my car for 5 days with this location they did several other repairs on my car.   I went to pick it up and was dealing with the owner Scott.   He was shocked to learn I was paying with my debit card.   He wanted me to pay with cash !!    I said no I don't have cash.   After 3 weeks I brought my car back due to a bad vibration.   I dropped it off on a Monday at noon.  By Tuesday at noon no call from them so I had to call and ask what was going on.  I was informed by John my car had not been looked at yet it was in line with all the rest of the cars to be looked at!   I asked for the owners number.  I call Scott Lefkowitz the owner at his other location on Vanburen.  He promised to call me back and never did.  I got a call from John saying my engine mounts were broken. And that has nothing to do with the repairs we already did.   I told them not to do anything to my car.   I took my car to 2 separate mechanics both told me I had NO broken motor mounts.  That it was my torque converter.  Which was suppose to have been rebuilt and replaced when I had the initial work done.   The shop on Cave Creek is a scam shop.  Very rude poor service and they will lie to you just to get more $$ out of you.  Do not use this location !!!" The man has been driving cars for 35 years and the transmission is still an issue. You dont have to have a certified mechanic to know when a job is not done correctly. What is the point of a warranty if they refuse to look at the job they did incorrectly? Thousands of dollars down the drain and the transmission struggles to shift. Don't go here. The only reason why I am writing this review is because my dad doesn't have yelp and nobody will help him. He wants everyone to be aware of the issues you may encounter by going here." u4JL5Vw4_XI-4Zu6ZKcfNw 000 miles it would connect with computer to run right..really? After many more miles put in we called them dropped it off on Monday. 4 days later no call from them then we called and they said its the engine and that they would charge another 196 to check the engine. Then John said that we could take to other mechanic and if we didn't trust them to go somewhere else. Then he said he couldn't do anything and this call was going no where. Horrible customer service!"  but only gave me lower-quality semi-metallic brakes. After I went to another mechanic to discover the problem "I had to run here on lunch to get my oil changed and 2 tires replaced before i left on a trip the next day to Flagstaff and i couldnt be happier.  The people i spoke with over the phone were very accomodating gave me a great price and most importantly got me in and out on time to work.  I really must say i will go back here again when i get my brakes done  and they didn't have the wheel for it so they told me to go ahead and buy it (I bought it online) and they would install it for me.  What I didn't realize until I took it there for the installation was that they were going to do it free of charge.  I think these guys are great.  I will continue to go to them in the future!" Don't fall for the old quarter super glued to the floor trick!  They got me and had a good laugh.  Good service though.  I'd recommend.  it takes 2 months. Finally they get it and I drop the car off at 11am on a Wednesday. They do not finish with my car until 3:30pm. I'm pretty sure it doesn't take four and a half hours to change a tire. Will never do business with them again and will warn everyone I know about them."  ""Are you sure? We are about to pull your car in now."" The break pads woman left after 3.5 hours. At 11:15 am the clerk comes to tell me that they did not have the correct oil filter for my car so they have ordered one but he doesn't feel comfortable letting me leave with the current one installed and asks if I can wait another 15 minutes. I reply by stating that I don't feel that I have a choice. At 12:54 he comes to tell me my car is ready. (What happened to 15 minutes?) He offers me six free oil change coupons for the inconvenience and states that ""it doesn't normally take this long."" Yet everyone else in the waiting room had been waiting nearly as long for their minor services as well. Four hours for an oil change? No offer to take me home Next time I went to get an oil change I was told to make an appointment.  So I called and was told call back another day because they didn't know when they could do it and they don't make appointments.  I asked for a manger Got here at 645 to be first for an oil change took 40 min to get car on rack. 15 minutes in the air to get the oil drained. Watched 3 employees talk about nothing before that even started. No one in lobby to great you and the customer waiting area has garbage in it from Thursday when I dropped in to try and get the oil changed then 12Hx_yFzAIdNSHU5tzbbQQ  it's insulting) these people are CROOKS. I used to live near one of these places and took my car in for an oil change and to have a squeaky belt replaced. I was told my car needed over $600 of service (too long a list to type here) and that ""All my belts"" needed changing. I said  what we could wait on and what we could do ourselves. They also completed all the work in 2 days. He also found some specials for us and saved us about $100." When I went in same arrogant guy behind the counter never apologized and said ""when"" I bring it back in he'll waive the $90 diagnostic fee. Give me a break Do not buy tires from Fletcher.  They do not warrant the tires they sell.  I bought a set of tires with a hazard warranty and the tires began to split.  The tires were manufactured by Firestone.  I researched Firestone tires and they have had major lawsuits and Ford actually dropped them as a supplier just last year.  Firestone had been with Ford for 94 years.  Fletcher would not cover my tires which I purchased less than 2 1/2 years ago because of the splitting of the tire.  I will NEVER buy another tire from Fletcher and neither should you. DO NOT buy tires here.  They do not stand by their product.   Go to Big O or Discount Tire.  I know they warrant their tires."  why I should leave my car or why it's not good to come on Saturday. I kept saying to him ""I need an oil change"" like regardless of what ur saying I still need an oil change. When I was in Ahwatukee I purchased this ""Family Plan"" that gives you so many free oil changes and discounts etc.  That was great when I lived in Ahwatukee because the Fletcher's out there was AWESOME. However here. I hate it. If I it wasn't for the ""Family Plan"" I wouldn't ever come here for service. Ever. As soon as this runs out I will never return. Horrible horrible place and horrible staff." "I am very happy in particular with Steve @ Fletchers In Cave Creek on Carefree Hwy. I bought some new tires and they are like driving on silk and oh so quiet.  When it came time to leave "I m so frustrated. Should've checked reviews. Been here since 10a (it's now 4) for a rear brake job- rotors and new brakes-- and an oil change. If this isn't 100% perfect when I leave here and everything doesn't feel right "I have only had positive experiences here. I'm grateful for the Groupons.. I could afford to get both front & rear brakes done and they'll always fit me in anytime to check my tire pressure 2prJHFb5KaEqCM-mUiNJ2Q  I walked to the bakery and had a snack and hung out for a bit and it was done in a decent time."  waste of time.  I'd rather pay more and go somewhere else.  Worst service ever." "Darren helped me out big time today. I used the groupon for an already ridiculously reduced price for an oil change and accessory service and he continued to drop a couple prices on some of the accessory services to help me out. He even showed me some other issues with my truck and explained to me (without making me feel stupid) what the problems were I don't know why I return. Every time I come in for an ' appointment' it takes hours to get a simple oil change. I have a baby and I'm pretty sure they know it because she gets crazy waiting for so long.  Such poor organization and scheduling and never a sense of urgency or care for the customers needs. I've been coming here for over 2 years and never been disappointed. Just had major brake work done and Darren was there to help me out every step of the way. Darren was great to work with and was very professional. I recommend Fletchers! So Sam tells me that they left wires switched. Too bad they didn't also tell me they switched coils. One week later and finding a diagram showing the correct way I get it running myself. Too bad they prefer to have an unhappy customer. Oh and I was told that I didn't hear home correctly. Wow. The customer is wrong here apparently. Zero stars.  #failureincustomerservice "Took my car there for an oil change on Saturday and had to take it back in today because they didn't put the freaking gasket back on right and my car is leaking oil.  They took care of it HORRIBLE SERVICE. Don't care about customer one bit. Just spent 2 hours on appointment that was supposed to be 45 min. Left vehicle mats dirty and grease on doors. Don't go. Would give zero stars.  2016 at 8 am to 9:20 am. The shop wanted to rip me off by further $1629 which i respectively declined. My car dashboard still showed maintenance required ameber light which i need to get it turned off again(wait time of around 15 minutes). They are very slow and good in terms of taking you on ride. Don't trust this groupon coupons at all. On top of the groupon - i end up paying $11.25 from my pocket for non existing shop supplies Nothing like dropping your car off at 2PM for brakes and tires and picking it up at 5PM! ......the next day. I originally took my vehicle to fletchers on 35th ave and union hills.  They would not release my vehicle they had done so many extra things to my vehicle without my consent that I could not pay for.  So I actually had a mechanic look at my vehicle and they said that all i needed was alignment.  This was a friend of mine.  So I took it to fletchers for the alignment.  They told me it would take a few hours so no problem.  Then they called me and said all this stuff was wrong with my vehicle and that they are not going to do the alignment that I already paid for unless i do all this other stuff.  KEep in mind my mechanic friend said that the only thing I needed was the alignment.  I called to talk to a manager.  He cussed at me and hung up on me.  I also found a few reviews that state they have done the exact same thing to them.   THis is absolutely horrible.  DO not go to these locations. Especially Bell road.  they said nothing about the progress of my car. I called the next morning at 10 am to verify that I should come pick my car up around noon when the mechanic said he hasn't done anything on my car and there's no way it would have been done by noon. He said he can try to get it done by 5:30 pm. I decided I would just take it elsewhere. They called me back around 10:20 and confirmed I didn't want the work done but I'd have to pay a ""docking fee"" for the mechanic putting my car up to work on it. I told them there's no way I was paying. I told them I didn't want them to work on it and then they started?! When I went to pick up my car at 11  and a gasket cover (??). He said the other guy was lying about half the work he said needed to be done. Fletcher's on 12th and Bell wanted to charge me $600 for the work but the other mechanic got me in and out for $200."  I have a vibration in my front end that was not there previously.  I am afraid to go back though.  I'm worried they may do more damage." "I have been taking my vehicles to Moon Valley Motor Care for the past decade! They have worked on my Volkswagen Jetta Traveling across the country from the east coast and needed to get my car checked. i was referred to Moon Valley Motor Care by a friend who I was staying with. They were super nice and super clear with all the problems with the car. They even offered to drive me back to the place I was staying  and pick me up when the car was ready! There were a lot of issues and cost (and the mechanics were able to explain and show me directly the whats and the whys) but Dawn was nice enough to check the tire pressure sensors for free as one thing less to stress about. If I am ever in the area again and have car issues I would definitely go here again. Thank you Dawn for your help! Dawn and the crew did a great job on my Fianc's vehicle when we needed a new water pump. They were quick and thorough and did it all for the price quoted. We'll be returning for any repairs or maintenance we need in the future! I would highly recommend Moon Valley and when I return to Phoenix I will definitely have them do any needed repairs." I was glad they were able to help prevent something bad from happening in the future  my outcome has not been so nice to put it presentationally. We are still in dispute from the services received from August of 2014 to what I feel was un-authorized and to what Dawn DiMarco felt was authorized work. Although she has offered for a $100.00 off for the future installation of an alternator it is hard for my husband and I to return to MVMC. We hope the owner will see things from our perspective as a business owner that has dealt with customer satisfaction for over twenty years."  even if he had to stay late. Top shelf all the way. They offered to drive me to my house and call me when it was done. Their service is next to none and they are very fair on their prices. They could have very easily stuck it to me  "Dawn was extremely friendly and explained everything that needed to be completed on my truck prior - and offered options on the work - what was needed asap and what could wait.  Family business with great professionalism "The staff was really nice I called when I was on the road and they told me to come right in for an oil change. My husband was at work so therefore I couldn't go anywhere  but stay in the shop while the work was being done. The shop really doesn't have a ""waiting area"" and kind of left me in an awkward position walking around with my one year old. There were two women in the office I chatted with one of them because she was expecting she was very nice "I've found my trusted auto mechanic! Dawn and her team are amazing- professional The level of disrespect and ""take it or leave it"" attitude that my wife received is causing us to sever our relationship with this repair shop."  and great service please visit these guys...i promise you...you won't be sorry. Take Care my friends!!!!!" 5 star service my butt! I literally saw 3 people come in and just stand in the lobby. No greeting from the owner...nothing! I left. Will never come back or recommend. great place to get your car worked on extremly fast and helpful. would reccomend to anyone When times are slow this place will make up for it by exagerating the problems with your vehicle.  Customer beware!  The service you get is not the one you really needed. Service was awesome. The manager Adam goes far beyond expectations to make things right.  This Midas always has your best interest at heart and will not try and sell you something that is not needed! Finally a auto shop you can trust!  this place was the BEST! He had the best mechanics and gave you great service at a discount price. Bob has retired & this place is horrible now. Say they fix things and don't. Don't go I wish I could give no stars. I set up an appointment for an oil change before going out of town the next day. I arrived and gave the manager Shane my keys. I was told it would take 45 minutes which was great because I was going to work soon after. I went to lunch and came back an hour later. First off there was not a soul in the office to greet me for about ten  to fifteen minutes until finally a worker came from the garage and asked if I had an appointment. I told him my name and that my car should be ready. He had no idea what was going on or who I was and told me they had yet to start to work on my car. About 15 minutes later Shane came back and did not even recognize me even though I was just in an hour ago. He asked if he could help me. After telling him my frustrations I got a story about how they have multiple projects going on. That's great and I would not have minded if it took a little longer than expected but the fact they hadn't told me a real estimate of time that they cared very little about customer satisfaction and that I couldn't find an associate for 15 minutes ruined my entire experience and made it so I had to take an extended road trip with no oil change. I will never return and suggest you go elsewhere for your car troubles.  it's hard to see and I drove past the place and had to do a U turn on Bell and go around to get there.... otherwise happy to give them a good review because if they screw up I'm just as happy to bury them." I brought my Toyota here last week to have the rear brakes fixed. I got a call saying all I needed was to have the drums cleaned and the system flushed for a mere $100. I thought that was great considering I wasn't spending hundreds on repairs. The car is now less functional than when I brought it in. The rear brakes don't engage AT ALL! They tore down the shroud in the front for some reason so now my tires catch on it  that it was still under their warranty and the manager said in a narcissistic manner that I had ""unprofessionally installed lights and electronics"" that my ""wires were killing the alternator""  and that my electronics were ""crappy"" and he could ""install them professionally himself"" then  he said he would give me a free alternator if I paid $400 for labor even though it was still under warranty. I did not agree with this and voiced my opinion then walked out of the establishment  but I usually end up waiting up to an hour).  They had wifi available and a nice selection of magazines (not just about cars which is a plus for me)!  They found one issue with my car and took me outside so they could show me I took my truck to this Midas store today for an oil change. The manager Jim was very friendly and professional. The store was clean and had a nice area to wait in while my truck was being serviced. They did the oil change and suggested a few maintenance items to perform the next visit. Overall I was pleased with their work and I will return again. I hate pushy repair shops that try to force other services. This was a pleasant experience that I would recommend to others. My god!  Fire and gas stations DON'T MIX!  I hope they all explode and remove themselves from the gene pool!" Its annoying when all you want is a $10 car wash and every time they want to charge you for any number of sealants and crap.  And ""no thank you"" isn't good enough.  They have to give you their situational anecdotes and keep hassling.  Go to Danny's  the nonstop sales pitches from the moment we pulled in were really rather irritating. After iterating several times that we were not interested in getting the car detailed or waxed  despite the fact that I told them several times not to call me anymore.  I called the Phoenix Police and they suggested that I contact my phone company and it turned out that I had a feature to block specific phone numbers from calling me.  I blocked them and haven't heard from them since." I stopped here while waiting for someone nearby to get ready. the have tv's inside to kill time. nice!!  but I'll probably use it before then. I wish there was a Cobblestone closer to me than this one. I have to drive 16 miles one way to get there. Because of the distance I will definately make time to go back to this particular location." Bottom Line:  It's a car wash- they make their real profits on the ""extras"".  If you aren't interested Car wash poor. Left waterspots all over. Lazy employees.  Refused to clean rims properly after being told it would not be a problem.  When spoke with manager he stood behind his lazy employees.  1 star is being generous. I immediately threw away wash card I had signed up for. Not this or any other cobblestone carwash will ever see any of my vehicles again. "The customers service could be better in the store.....but the guys who take care of my trucks on the outside are great. I bought the Groupon deal to receive 3 months of unlimited express car washes for 20 bucks....there is not a better deal in the state of Arizona....maybe even the nation....LOL. The guys here get my trucks squeaky clean....and I am out in 5 minutes or less and that includes hand drying it. I will be enjoying this great deal until late October.....but even without the deal the wash is only 4.99 which is very cheap for what you get. So if you need to get your car or truck clean in this Arizona desert....head over to Cobblestone....and remember to Eat  its been a breeze to pull in and access the car wash. And did I mention this location has a Dunkin Donuts inside? Score!!!!!"  the machine will give you a receipt and force you to go inside the store to get your change -- which completely defeats the purpose of ""fast pass.""" I will not be back to this place.  Not worth the price.  I have had better done cheaper." I would suggest to management that there" Pushy about upsells. Horrible cleaning job! Go somewhere else. I actually don't think the up sells are so high pressure . . . dine out and servers always push appetizers  I feel as if I'm at a used car sales lot. The employees are incredibly pushy to upsell you on a simple car wash. I can't say I will be returning anytime soon."  I fell for the $4 ""Supreme Upgrade"" and you forgot my vanilla air freshener. Dang it. Had no idea what kind of negotiation would occur if I went back  so there were water spots everywhere. They also didn't even attempt to wipe off the adhesive from the tape. It seems reasonable to expect that your car will be cleaner after a car wash than before 1/31/13 - Issue resolved by Cobblestone Save your self the hassle "Been to this car wash several times and each time it leaves white spots all over the car! Not sure if its water spots or excessive soap not being washed off. The car is clean but very spotty. Everytime I have to use a wet rag to wipe the spots off. Also if I get gas there AVOID FRANK LLOYD RIGHT & HAYDEN LOCATION AT ALL COSTS!"  I have to report on my recent experience at Cobblestone and hope the people in charge see this and reward this employee accordingly.... I made an unplanned visit on Monday because I got into my van and found it crawling with ants! EWWW.. I hate ants! So I raced up there These guys and gals do such a great job!  I had a great experience other than the lady that was sitting in front of me.  Not sure how her husband deals with her non stop complaining.  My car however was good as new when I left. I have started making the drive to this cobblestone weekly now!  As a former Danny's customer (closest car wash to my house) I was shocked when I stopped by here today while out running errands.  The quality here is far more than Danny's could have ever hoped for.  Driving a black car you want it to be treated well and sparkle when finished....you get that here!  The workers are extremely friendly and do a very quality job and make sure every detail is taken care of.  Even if a spot is pointed out they are quick to take care of it and find other spots.  I will always go out of my way to travel to this location for a superior wash to keep my car looking its best.  makes my experience more enjoyable. I've gotten their express wash to their extreme wash and I have to say overall I've been happy with the cleanliness of my car and how fast it gets washed. Even if I have to wait I don't mind as they have free wifi so I generally take the time to check my emails or watch a movie. The guys and gals working there are always friendly and helpful. The only I don't like is years ago when I would get a car wash here wiping down the interior upholstery was part of the wash but now it's an extra charge so my exterior is clean And I still come here to get my car washed. What can I write- I think at this point I think Cobblestone is like a comfy pair of shoes to me. Lol." Great service and honesty. Completely compensated for minor damage to my car. Great work Daniel!  now they no longer care about customer service.. Just how much can they make while you are there..." Go find out for your self. For 3.99 during happy hour my cars was super clean :D"  but today was exceptional.  Five stars for Cobblestone.  I'll definitely be back!" hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g This auto spa us conveniently located at the 51 and bell rd. Out of all the washes I've tried this one will accept larger trucks with oversized wheels for the same price as a car. Attention to detail is pretty good. My vehicle is always clean inside and out. The other thing I like is they do oil and tire rotation for a reasonable amount of money. "We ran over some road garbage on SR51...complete blowout.  Hobbled our car off the freeway and bell and luckily cobblestone was right there. Before we could even think to dial triple A I recommend this location!"  mats were not vacuumed. Mind you I don't smoke. When I brought it to the Managers attention he told me that their packages don't cover vacuuming inside the car. The guy who sold me this package when I got there promised me the dashboard  and oil changes! Anything and everything I need exceeds more than my expectations. I go to this wash at least two times a week and I leave happy every time!"  and voila! FINALLY!!! a detail job that you guys at Cobblestone can be proud of. Guillermo went the extra mile and it shows. Thanks for fixing it  where there is a kids playground inside(who knew) The two people working were smiling and seemed to be super happy (even if they were working on a Saturday)  The man gave me a receipt and said now that you have this you can come in next time and get a free car wash and also today you get free popcorn.  I laughed and was surprised by the popcorn machine near the entrance (fresh popcorn).  I left after spending twenty bucks with popcorn "Best experience at a car wash in a very long time treated the kids fantastic treated my car like it was their own.  Nice job team "Was waiting for my vehicle in the outside seating area.   A man rode up on a bicycle and sat in the seats and lit up a cigarette. ... in the common area. He wasn't even there to get a car washed.   I went inside to ask if that was allowed "I have been a cobblestone customer since I moved to Arizona last June. I never had a bad experience here until 11/14/2014.  I used one of the ""Free Wash"" coupons from the book my wife bought me for my birthday... My truck got damaged in the wash. I mentioned this in a previous review "This is one of the only spots I bring my car because they do the best job by far! I had an issue with a major ""spill"" let's call it (vomit) in my back seat. I have a brand new Mercedes so wasn't to happy. I brought it there to see what they could do. They detailed it for me and shampooed it. A few days later I still picked up a whiff of the odor. I brought it back and they shampooed it again for free and were so nice and accommodating. No charge. Big thanks to Jaime and Guillermo! Very professional and really nice guys! Recommend this place as they have always done an outstanding job." hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g Great customer service! Good job on car wash and will take care of anything needed if not!  I've had some bad experiences but today I was greeted by Nel who is absolutely the most fantastic employee I've ever encountered here. Please give him a raise so you keep him around." Always have to check the car before I pull away or bring it back. Only reason I give 2 stars is they are always quick to fix but how many times should that have to happen.  one of the salesmen was trying to sell me into getting my car waxed. The reason was because my car was going to have stains on it from sprinkler marks on it. Which seemed a little weird. The point is was he was trying to sell me to buy for having my car waxed. I did not get my car waxed 4. Your customers should not have to walk around the car and show you how shitty your work is. If you do this for a living you should be able to see that there is still dirt or water on the car. Have someone who knows what dirt  sometimes more. Even bought the $30 monthly membership. Then I was told today that even though I've had my car washed here 15-20 times it is suddenly ""too low"" for their tunnel. I was told by the attendant that even though I pay the $30 a month that now I have to pay an extra $10 each time I get it washed for the ""hand wash."" (""It's a great deal!!"" he said) I told the attendant that I wanted to cancel and he printed up a receipt and dropped it in my lap through the window and walked away. I went inside with every intent to cancel but thankfully the cashier was extremely helpful and informed me the Cobblestone in Mesa has a conveyor type tunnel that can accommodate lower cars. This location has not only lost MY business Ok so never once have these people done a good job.  Unfortunately with their location i keep reluctantly re-engaging.  When they should have apologized the managers justified the crappy work by saying that they do the best they can with the employees they have.  They will send my car through again a second time if I request but if I had two and a half hours and fifty dollars to spare Id do it myself and spend the savings at the nearby healthy habits massage." By far the worst car wash I have ever had. For $20 you would think they would wipe down the inside a little. I'm convinced if you don't buy whatever up sell they're trying to get you to buy you're getting a crappy wash. I'm mad I tipped. Never will return to this location. Go to the one on frank lloyd wright they know what they're doing.  HORRIBLE service.  We came to have our Lexas RX washed and the carpets shampooed cause we are selling the car.  Dropped it off and they said come back in hour.  We went to lunch and came back an hour later.  There was still several spots of bird poop and they had shampooed the carpets but didn't vacuum. So they said they would run it through again and vacuum the seats.  We said we would be back and went and ran some errands.  Another hour later we come back and there is still bird poop and the vacuuming just seemed to scatter the dirt around.  The carpets are still dirty.  We aren't difficult and trying to get something for nothing.  They agreed to shampoo and was the car for $50.  I expect the job to be done.  So we pointed out the bitd poop that we pointed out before.  They took it away again and shampooed the mats and vacuumed....again.  To come back and miss the front mats....it was a 4 hour process how to tell 5hem how to do their job.  Admittedly they did it there's a dunkin donut inside in case you do get your car hand washed. The hand wash is good. Not the best "Great service and wash.  I especially like that they now have vacuums so if you do the express you can vacuum it out as well.  Very efficient and gets you through quick.  I come back to this location because they take care of you and if they don't  since they stopped drying the cars. Then he starts berating me about how long ago I bought the booklet. He looks it up in the computer "Cobblestone gets 5 stars for the people they hire and the culture they create within the company. The managers and employees are cheerful and courteous. Sure there are little things that I may change Brought my car in for ultimate wash.  They did a superb job washing and cleaning inside my car.  This is my second time.  I would not go anywhere else.  Recommend everyone to bring your car in.  You'll be pleased with the service. "Had a bad experience with one of these ""full service"" car washed and I was actually looking for a self service car wash when I came to this one. I decided to give it a try and purchased the Supreme which is only one step up from the basic. To my surprise my car is actually pretty clean after they got done with it.  I still prefer doing the car wash on my own which I will have to find out where the entrance is because that's how I came to this car wash but somehow when I pulled in I was right at where the guys would ""take my order"". Anyway I will be back."  2015. I was the only vehicle in line to enter the wash at the time. I have a 2015 Nissan Murano the damage to my new car is horrible! The lies that came from Manager and the complete run around they're giving me to have my car fix is wasting time! Don't take your car to any of these so called Spa washes!!! The reason I went in was to wash off bird poop I had a horrible experience here. I got an exterior wash on my way out of town.  On my way to CA it started to rain. I turned on my rear wiper only to discover that it wasn't working. I pulled over to see what was going on and there was tape still stuck to my car holding the wiper still. I was gone for a couple of weeks. I went back to the car wash and asked if they could remove the tape residue that was from the tape they installed. The manager accused me of putting the tape on.  Why would I put tape on my car and hold my wiper. I wasn't asking for a complete detail. Nor was the manage even going to recommend a free wash due to their mistake. After about an hour of me not being polite anymore and calling the cooperate number he gave me. Which is a complete run around. Still waiting for my call back from them. The manager was completely unprofessional. Told me they don't put tape on cars. Funny as a separate employee had previously said ya that's why we stopped using tape a week ago.  The manager was not making this right. After I set there for an hour and refuse to leave the driveway for others to get by. The manager finally had his detailer remove the residue that his establishment left. Where has customer service gone. I wash 4-5 cars there a week and now will never return to a Cobblestone. They don't make their mistakes right and the cooperate won't even return my call.  I will not recommend a place that doesn't own their mistakes. No integrity. Run from this place! Unless you like high pressure sales!"  professional and friendly. I waited in comfort inside as he repaired the crack so the glass looks as good as new. I was in and out quickly and the employees were accommodating. I would go out of my way to come back!" "Always had a great experience with Cobblestone and they are my official go-to car wash!  Everyone was pleasant and my car receives a thorough bumper to bumper ""Ultimate Wash.""" Awesome staff!! Went through self wash to rinse off my car Friday 9/4/15 at lunch and vacuum. I had just gotten a new car and didn't know it auto locks. Sooo I locked myself out all the staff was very helpful and Shiloh finally got my car open in time for me to make it back to work. Thank you guys so much!! You're awesome.  I can find enough things to do to keep my busy for that long. At two hours I asked for an update at which point they told me it would be another hour. Why wouldn't they have told me a more accurate time or at least updated me when the time was longer than originally quoted? Terrible service and will not return."  they are usually new chips and nicks on the paint job which they totally deny is their fault." "Had my black truck detailed after it was damaged in the recent storm.  Carlos removed all of the the tree branch scuffs and got the paint looking like new.  It looks far better than when I had the dealer buff it out about a year ago.  Carlos was courteous A 1 star is a generous rating.  I went back because I didn't have all day to get my car washed and they gave me a prepaid gift card for the amount of the wash since I didn't have 4 hours to kill.  They always negotiate services and I got a wash and wax and detail  for $120 (which was the amount on my card) The attendant (Simon) wrote it up as a wash and headlight polish and said it would take about 2 1/2 hours.  I went to pay for it and they wouldn't accept the prepaid card because its only for what you are replacing.  The cashier went and got Simon and he said if you want what you ordered it would be $80 more.  I told him nope  Its not happening.  I called my son to pick me up and we went to lunch since I had 2 hours to kill. He dropped me off 3 hours later and they said it would be 2 more hours.  The attendant   said they basically lie to do the sale and he gets stuck with the angry customers.  The big problem that I had on the car was I had a 12 pack of coke explode in the car and needed it cleaned up.  They really didn't wipe down the dash and they didn't spot shot the ceiling which the salesman said they would do.  The wax job that they were going to do didn't even take off a price sticker off the trunk.  Shitty job all the way around.  I can't recommend this merely bankrupt company I am so impressed by the service and appreciate the care that the manager gives to make sure everything is done perfectly.  Thank you Guillermo! First time customer.  Went in for an oil change and car wash. The service was speedy and everyone was super friendly.  I will be a repeat customer and I will tell all my friends and family to go there. I have had nothing but the best experience here!! The staff is friendly and they really do a great job cleaning and washing your car! Specifically the people who finish your car after it comes through the wash! They work hard and fast to make your car look great! Today I had the pleasure of having Mistie up in the front check me out which she was beyond AWESOME and I also had Ginny help me as well who was me just as equally as awesome! For your glass repair needs you have Jason! Jason is so cool and he remembers you when you come back and that means a a lot! I recommend every one to come here! The best is when you pick up your car and you have Israel to and you on your way! He is always in a friendly mood and he always sends you home with a smile on your face! Thanks Cobblestone! Keep up the good work!  a  rag would have taken care of it .  I bought the Supreme Wash.  I wasn't wowed like I had hoped.  This is my first wash with my new (used) truck and was hoping for the wow factor.  I bought one step up from the cheapest car wash so maybe I should have bought a higher priced wash.  Since they missed some obvious dirt I am torn about this place.  Loved the staff and Dunkin Donuts but I am on the fence as to whether or not I will wash it myself in the future.  Maybe I should give them one more try...." "I Have the fast pass here and the great thing is that it works for hand washes! Free wifi and car wash  and 3 people cleaning cars. Been here almost 45 minutes now. I spend $80.00 a week at this place for 2 cars. What a waste  it's like driving her off the lot for the first time again! Thanks AJ for the recommendation and thanks to everyone who helped with the dirty work!"  but wasn't quite thorough enough for me. The worst part was a big puddle of product that was sprayed on my leather seat but never wiped down "The interior of my car could not have been in worse shape.  I was hesitant to even take it somewhere because it was so bad.  My daughter made arrangements for a complete interior/exterior detail.  We dropped the car off and when I picked it up I couldn't believe it was the same car!  As I was leaving I had a mechanical issue with a window (turns out not their fault) and spoke to Guillermo the following morning.  He explained what was wrong and I was at a loss as to how I would get it fixed especially on Christmas Eve.  Matt I do recommend if you need your car washed with some deal of effort to go to Johnson's Family Wash on Tatum just south of Cactus. It's the old Danny's Car Wash "I went for an oil change.  I got the highest upgraded car cleaning package with leather conditioning.  I asked if it included interior cleaning and he assured me it did.  My car had not been wiped down at ALL when I got it back.  I complained to the manager that said it wasn't included but he would send it over to detail if I wanted to wait and would tip them.  I agreed.  They wiped it down a bit but it was still a mess and even the exterior of my car was full of marks that didn't get cleaned properly.  I never mind paying for things  did not include engine and planned to use it at a later date. I spilt a Coke in the middle console on my way home from church Sunday which prompted me to get the detail done. I bring the car in let them know about the spill and the passenger seat. my son sat in something sticky and transferred it and his back jeans on to the seat. Sales guy says do I want to add buffing on for an extra charge  especially with Nel.  I was so happy he didn't try to push me for more then I needed or wanted and did what I wanted for a very reasonable price. I will be coming back now that I've been treated so well & feel like I will continue to get exceptional service here."  drinks and miscellaneous items for sale. The seating can't be beat! Nice cushioned chairs and couches and plenty of them."  I get breakfast at Dunkin donuts ." As a ride share driver for Lyft I get dirty carpets. Stopped on a monday morning no lines no waiting and asked about it. They were very friendly with limited annoying upsell and offered to clean all carpets and mats plus a basic car wash for $49.99. They have a Dunkin donuts on site while u wait. Car was taken to detail area after wash and 2 people hand shampooed the carpets and cleaned all up nicely. Recommend. They are so bad they shouldn't be able to call themselves a car wash. My windshield is actually dirtier than when I got there. The place is awful!!!  but try to keep it in good running order. I like to change the oil even when it is not necessarily due. I was able to pull in immediately and was friendly greeted by Matt. He examined the old sticker from another place saying the oil change was due in November "My 7 and 9 yr old could have done better in less time and with muddy paws. Regret being upsold and also buying that future wash. Dont do it.  Extra services and addons are supposed to make the car look better Went to get gas today and my fianc slipped and fell on the diesel fuel on the ground near the pump. Went inside to alert the manager and he said I'm sorry but we aren't liable if you fall I said yes you are. He said no if someone falls on the curb its not our fault. And this is what you call customer service! No offer of towels to get the fuel off my fiance clothes. Had to go in again to ask for towels and the jerk ass manager said he would get them and never came back. He was too busy looking cool to care about a potential hazard! Carlos the manager is a jerk! I am always so thankful to come here! I used to live right down the street and now travel across town to come. They are not only very friendly but do a great job and I never have to worry about my car or being over charged. Matt is always smiling and is always so helpful!  sand along the floor of the back seat. They didn't eve clean/wipe the dirty cup holders or door handles. Still dirt and much along entire the bottom on the exterior of the car. Oh and dead bugs on the wundshield. I wasn't a 219.00 detail job for what I paid but come on. It's a scion xb. Not some gigantic suv. How much time would it had taken to be just a little more thorough in your work? The topper? They asked me what scented I wanted for the car and didn't put it in. What was the point of asking me?" "I always enjoy getting my car washed here. Everyone is so friendly and courteous.  My car comes out squeaky clean and smelling awesome. Don't misread the other reviews indicating their car was dirty etc. you get what you pay for. When you pay for a ""basic"" wash what do you expect to get a detail? I have been a customer of cobblestone for over 7 years and have never had a ""dirty"" car when I got in it after the wash. Management is so friendly as well AND... I've spent almost 45 minutes online looking for account access so I can cancel and/or modify. I have yet to find it."  slowly warming up to the idea. I still hate the 7a-6p hours and the website needs LOTS of work. Suggestion: Make the website easier to select other services and change service levels." Shout out to Matt from cobblestone. Pulled in with blown tire and Matt immediately had me pull up and swapped out bad tire for the spare.  He was such big help. I would deff come back based on great customer service exp. Here. I still expect a call from the Manager."  I mean TERRIBLE car wash. I foolishly purchased ""the works"" and when I got home I had to wash the interior myself. Before I left I looked through the car and pointed out that the surfaces had not been wiped down and it obviously wasn't vacuumed well. These complaints were basically ignored till I got frustrated and left. Either get your car detailed or wash it yourself (you'll have to anyway) but don't waste your money going to Cobblestone." Just wanted you to know that Scotty always provides amazing service!  My husband and I are 97 & 89 and he treats us so well. He is really great. "What a scam. Sign on the street says $3 exterior wash. 50 cents off gas with carwaah purchase.  Was charged  $5.99 for wash and received only 10 cents a gallon off gas purchase. Bait and switch.  Car still had bugs on the front.  They got once I got home to finish removing the wax and saw they had not removed much of the oxidation on my headlights either."  value and customer service of any car wash I've been through.  Scott has personally greeted me the last couple times and through this little bit of extra customer service I've became a bigger fan of Cobblestone.  A+ rating for Scott and the Team at Cobblestone!" "Really love this carwash for the express wash; especially having a toddler that won't sit still for an actual sit-and-wait carwash. The prices are great and the carwash always look so nice for being a drive-through wash. Each time we come we happen to get Scott who is always so friendly and helpful to us. We've been to the other Cobblestone off Pima  friendly and warm. His joyous personality radiated and his customer service knocked my socks off. Left with a sparkling car and a smile plastered on my face. Shall definitely return!" "Had a flat tire on the NB 51 on Friday afternoon June 03 when temperature was 114 degrees.  Limped off the freeway at the Bell Rd exit and pulled in to shaded area of Cobblestone to change out the tire.  As I was removing spare tire and jack from vehicle "I had a great experience today. I'm usually reluctant to stop for a car wash because of high pressure sales. Scott Koeppen took care of me. He was friendly and easy going. Scott did offer me a book of car washes at a discounted rate and I accepted. There was no badgering He will always treat you right and are sure you get the service and quality you've been looking for and deserve. He's a RealvAmeriCAN not an AmeriCAN'T get er done no BS kind a guy. Try him you will love him I guarantee!" hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g I bought the unlimited car washes and visit about 3 times weekly. Scott always greets me happily. Thanks for being so attentive. Since signing up as a monthly subscribers and with the way they always are attentive to the needs for keeping my car neat and clean. I have achieved continuos compliments for the way car looks. Which in turn has warned me compliments on my ratings with uber for being one of the best uber rides a person has taken. Thanks for all the hard work and keep up the good work. hwFmL7-t06MtGvXGYMRo2g  so of course I had to go check it out for myself - sure enough all of the positive reviews mentioning him were 100% spot on! I will definitely be a returning customer because of Scott and his team! They go the extra mile in customer service and with the quality of work done! Truly appreciated the cleaning of the small areas inside my car which are most often overlooked at other places! Scotts energy is contagious and he greeted me with the biggest smile! He is not your typical sales guy pushing you to add on packages I've been going to this location for quite a while and I am appreciative everytime I recieved good service from any establishment by writing a review or feedback. This is the 1st time a quality control supervisor took a look at the job done and ensured it is within or above their standards and most of all the standards of the customer. I will not be that particular of the details but a shout out to Scott Koeppen for the job well done!  and they do a great job every time. Best cobblestone I've been to in the valley. Plus they hook up veterans on holidays They claim it to be spot free but it isnt. My windshield had a lot of spots. Thats because the time your car spends in the air dry section is not enough.  everywhere.  I did this intentionally so that everyone could see how badly they do. But if I were to pay the extra $$ for the ""mud package""  and always have the supplies for all types of vehicles in stock.    The managers Matt and Scott always make sure you are happy before you leave.   I have 8 different vehicles and they all come here for regular maintenance." This is my favorite location! Great oil change service and have the factory items needed for my newer car that the dealer has. Matt and his team are prompt and courteous and take the time to answer questions and help plan for future car maintenance. Great service great price and super fast! Also convenient hours as only place open on a Sunday evening! Def recommend!!!  I didn't want a sympathy wash. I wanted a genuine experience and that's what I got.)"  I will send them here without fail - and John and the guys at Cathedral have always come through by totally taking care of anyone I send to them. In a business filled with some sketchy practices "This place was recommended to me from a co-worker. Most of the company now brings their car's here. These guys are great 000  mile tune up. They only had  the car  for  the  day  and the  price was  very  fair. I have  always taken my Forrester  to  the dealer but  not  any more ! I will be taking  my  car to John and Shane from  now  on !"  both John and Shane went above and beyond their scope of work without adding to the bill; Why? Because it was important to them to make sure everything was perfect. I recently took my car in without an appointment because  due to the engine light coming on. John did the diagnosis "I would say it's been very hard to find an auto mechanic I feel I can trust. These guys I do. I took my vehicle to them thinking I needed my alternator replaced. I was convinced I needed a new one. After inspecting my SUV they told me my alternator was fine. After much trouble shooting  and have also been bringing their cars here for years.  I'm about to take my car in for some regular maintenance work knowing that the prices are fair It is hard enough when something is going wrong with a vehicle.  Whatever the news is going to be I have had great and honest service here and have been going to them for years.  They have always given me an estimate before they fix anything.  The service is fast and they will work with you on dates.  In the past they drove me home and picked me back up when I didn't have a ride.  I really like this place. How many places in Phoenix can you have a broken air conditioner ...drop your truck off to have it fixed.... and when you pick it up they not only have it fixed but there's no charge!!!! They said there was a little labor involved but no parts needed so they didn't charge us anything..... This place was referred to me by some friends who said you'll be pleasantly surprised.... Unbelievable!!!! Shane and his crew more than ten years.  We will never go anywhere else. Believe it!!"  I try to save the big repairs for when I visit family in Phoenix. That way I can take my Mazda 3 to Cathedral. I trust Shane and his crew to do the job right and give me a square deal. They just replaced my broken AC compressor "I am an old gentleman on a fixed budget and an old car that needed some freon for my car as it is very hot out.  I was never contacted so when I called a day later they said ""your car has been done since yesterday"" Well thank you so much for calling me and giving me an $800 dollar bill before you ever asked me because you said my car needed a new ""condenser"" I don't even know what that is? On top of everything else "We have used John and Shane quite a bit and they are great. Honest and hard working. My husband has quite a few old cars and they tale care of them for us when needed!  Great guys 