 before I had a magnified prescription that made everything BIGGER. My poor little blind self I have an astingamstism in both eyes. Two years ago I got good lens with nice frames but in 2012  I got shit lens with an okay frame.  I don't plan on returning to America's Best  We were so disgusted with our experience here. We called the corporate office (something I never do) afterward and told them that when are contacts arrive we will not go back to this location. The people at the corporate office were actually really nice and had them shipped to the North Hills location instead. When we went to pick out our contacts at North Hills the staff was very pleasant  Ohio for my glasses needs. But I've moved to Pittsburgh and needed some place economical . I booked my appt online the night before but showed up late.... I didn't know there was a marathon going on . I just wanted to get an exam so I could buy glasses online . The staff was nice and rescheduled me for the next slot. Everyone was nice including the doctor .  Although I didn't initially want glasses 2 pair for 100 bucks and a free eye exam is a great deal. Especially considering I usually spend 300 on glasses after insurance is said and done. My only complaint is the selection wasn't amazing but what so you expect for such cheap prices." From the previous reviews that I read I know exactly who people are talking about.  I rarely give a one or two stars. The customer service here is horrible.  I feel like everything I say is wrong.  I felt rushed when selecting my frames.  They changed me $10 more than what the price was marked on the frame.  When I pointed that out I got an attitude.  even for a defective product. I got a set of eyeglasses here which have reflections all across the field of vision. They're barely usable due to this. If I sit near a bright window  grabbed his foreceps and was done with it before I had a chance to throw up. I also go to AB for the aforementioned glasses and have always been welcomed with a huge smile by one of their friendly staff members as well as a quick and efficient appointment.  I can't say enough about this staff or this doctor.  Don't let the big chain name fool you - America's Best provides good service at a great price."  being an international student. I am writing this comment to save other people." I got my new specs at the PEA.  I loved the staff and my glasses.  I have gotten many compliments.  I had a pleasant experience and this might be the first doc I'll see again next year.  I don't know what else I could ask for more.  Staff was pleasant "I will never purchase anything from this office again! I had to call my insurance to file a grievance against this provider. I went to this office on the 27th of january with my prescription to pick out a pair of frames. I gave them all the necessary information. They told me it would take 7-10 business days for them to arrive. I later called and spoke with the optician and asked whether they could be mailed to my address in NY. It is the 24th of February and I still don't have my glasses!! They kept telling me that they sent to the NY address when I know that they didn't. These people are very unprofessional and rude. They reordered the glasses for me because I have warranty on the lenses. They called me when it arrived in the office  impatient and a poor listener. He then try's to push his optomtetrist . His staff is embarrassed." Very poor customer service in the contact lens department. Rude front desk staff. Will  not go back.  they will take good care of you!" The doctors that work here and the staff joke around with the kids and make them relaxed and try to relieve any anxiety that they might have.  They have a great bed side manner about them." The building is very clean and nice and all of the facilities (at least in Audiology) were new and state-of-the-art." THIS PLACE WAS AWFUL TO ME. I came in to get a scar on my nose fixed and the doctor told me he would take care of it but needed to do another surgery first. He screwed up the major surgery and I had to come in for a second surgery that I had to pay for. My scar ended up being WORSE than before I even came to them for help. They did NOTHING to correct this. Terrible. Really pleased with my experience here.  My doc is extremely helpful and nice and the staff and nurses are great as well!  the doctor finally saw me and he tells me I have hearing loss. He looks into my aching ear and bluntly tells me I have no infection but rather TMJ which really  was very disappointing.  The appointment was for my Mother who was previously told she could undergo a specific eye surgery and then upon arriving and pre-op review  travel with ease... its a miracle :)" Dr. Hoover is very personable and knowledgable and his staff members are very nice. The wait time is really challenging for a toddler...an hour past appointment time. I know wait time comes with specialists but this was a bit much. I plan on returning for a follow up with my daughter and have high hopes that it was just an off day. Billing sucks. We have been over paying for hearing aids for our daughter.  She got them in 2009 and both our insurance company and myself have paid more than the cost of the hearing aids and I just found out that they filed a collection. Noone at Ceenta can explain  the bill. We looking for a new Dr.  because they didn't think there was anything they could do to help. My frustration is that I waited a week for an appointment that was scheduled with the wrong doctor with a possibly serious medical condition for which I will now have to wait even longer to be seen for. When it comes to something which has already caused me so much anxiety and my desperate need for some answers My appointment was at 9. It's now 10 and I'm still waiting.  :-   everyone around me was here when I got here and are still waiting as well...  I would not return based on the lack or respect for my time.  When I finally got to see the dr at 10:30 she spent all of 4 minutes on me.  because they didn't think there was anything they could do to help. My frustration is that I waited a week for an appointment that was scheduled with the WRONG doctor with a possibly serious medical condition for which I will now have to wait even longer to be seen for. When it comes to something which has already caused me so much anxiety and my desperate need for some answers  and intense stomach pain. Now I am $100 plus down the drain from something that could have been prevented if I was given that simple information or a freaking laxative DAY 1. The nurse at the hospital told me I wasn't the only patient from there that has come to the hospital with the same exact symptoms due to the lack of information to the patient.THEY ARE MONEY HUNGRY!! THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT THE PATIENT.THEY CHARGED ME ANOTHER CO PAY FOR MY CT RESULTS! and another $25 to sign my Disability PAPERWORK. ( When they told me before if I filed it myself I wouldn't have to pay)  ARE YOU SERIOUS?!" Went back to CEENTA and they refused to refund my money. That is stealing!" Waited for 35 mins past appointment time. No respect for patients time. And still waiting. I gave these guys a one because I can't go below. Dr. Lovejoy promise to fix my nose with a septoplasty. My insurance was billed $28000 whereas the common cost of the procedure usually runs up to about six thousand. I am not pleased with the outcome as I continue to have nose bleeds and he keeps saying that it's normal after an entire year of surgery. The guy doesn't know what he is doing. I come here to get my annual eye exam and staff is so wonderful and helpful. I love all the convenient locations that they have. The selection of glasses to choose from is average but I always find a pair that I like. I would recommend making an appointment in a week or two advance because they fill up quickly. I went from wearing glasses my whole life to 20 20 vision now.  I would highly recommend that you check them out if you are considering LASIK as they do a free consultation."  and no worse than dealing with cutting an onion for a very brief period of time.  I opted for the mono-vision correction. It's a choice really well suited for older patients that are at an age where reading glasses will start to be needed.  So late 30's early 40's.  The procedure corrects the dominate eye for distance and the other eye for reading.  Your brains does the rest and it was seamless for me.  No more glasses and a very good chance I will never need reading glasses.  The procedure was about 10 seconds per eye and I walked out with perfect 20 20 vision.  At my one year visit my vision had even improved to a little better than 20 20.  The doctors at this practice gave me honest answers to my questions.  I never felt I was being sold a service but more guided to the best choice for my goal to never wear glasses again. If you are looking for a doctor that will not offer you a buy one eye get one free deal this is the place.  The cost is set and the value is well documented in the number of happy patients they have.  Don't look for the best deal.  Look for the best doctor that will give you an honest price for safe  and they were absolutely incredible. Everyone there was extremely patient and pleasant. They walked me through the entire process  Dr. Mozayeni will be my #1 recommendation for anyone considering LASIK surgery." "I could not be happier with the experience I had at Providence Eye & Laser Specialists. I already have 20-20 vision the day after the surgery and minimal dryness and disruption to my daily life. Dr. Mozayeni and his staff are incredibly good and knowledgable at every step you have to take in this process. They give you every confidence you need to be able to make the decision and get the best treatment and care during and after. I highly recommend them to anyone considering lasik. Thanks "I could not have asked for a better experience. They made the process so easy  and I'm extremely glad I chose Providence Eye & Laser Specialists versus the competition.  Ask yourself are you a Neiman Marcus person or a Walmart person?  I'm definitely a Neiman man." Highly recommend and have highly recommended them to all of my friends and family! 0 regrets deciding to have these procedure done  and caring. I went from wearing glasses with a - 6.00 prescription to being 20 15 the very next day. I highly recommend this business and I wouldn't trust anyone else. The cost is well worth the A+ service and I am extremely grateful for being able to be a patient at this facility. Thanks again to everyone at Providence Eye and Laser!"  so great. I just wish I did this sooner!" My mom has needed glasses for a while but was nervous to go on her own. She wanted to make sure we found the best place possible. I found this place on Yelp and it had great reviews. WAs not disappointed. Very nice staff and modern office. We were in and out quickly too. Not much of wait either at all. My mom was relaxed there and I know she will go back again.  and thoroughly explains the different options you have available. Dr. Plotnik is a MUST-SEE for kids with eye issues!"  but the place is absolutely filthy. I want to sanitize my girl and not let her touch anything while in the waiting rooms.  The staff is a bit on the unprofessional side as well.  This is a professional medical office...not a gym."  individualizes every treatment plan which is a positive! One doctor said my son was too young for contacts Note: they are opthalmologists not optometrists." "When I unexpectedly began feeling pain in my right eye a friend recommended that I go see Dr. Bob Bollington.  Dr. Bollington is an amazing ophthalmologist.   He is knowledgeable  I am going back to them from now on.  Please don't tell too many people.  I have looked very long and hard for a trustworthy and accomplished eye doctor.  Go see for yourself dr Villarreal is awesome. if you want a full assessment and every detail examined go see her. she's awesome and will refer out if you need additional services. I recommend this place. Specially doctor Bullington."  performs all the exams himself and he has a fabulous bed side manner. You do not find physicians like Dr. Bob anymore. I trust him implicitly. I have referred several people to him and they all have had a great experience at Biltmore Ophthamology. I would not trust my eyes to anyone else! A rare find indeed!" I see Dr. Bob and he is great! Everyone is very friendly and this place was recommended by a friend. Highly recommend. Lasik itself is great but obviously I'm not reviewing a surgery. This place deserves five stars for four major reasons. 1.) They were overwhelmingly friendly from the minute I walked through the door. 2.) They did a fantastic job preparing me for what to expect. 3.) I arrived at their office at 2:15 pm today and was done w/ surgery by 3. I know some people might think that sounds a little cold and impersonal but it wasn't. The doctor was extremely friendly and as soon as I shook his hand I relaxed completely. 4.) This surgery cost me 700 DOLLARS TOTAL! I responded to a banner ad they were running on Google for 299 per eye. I assumed it was a bait and switch. For me Thank you Lasik Vision Institute!" I was blind as a bat now I have 15/20 vision. It's been a year since my operation. Very happy with this place. The staff is amazing! I had an awesome experience with perfect results! I am now a year out from my surgery and it's as good as the first day. I have and will keep recommending LVI to anyone!  when I had my consultation they quoted me about $8-900 per eye for traditional LASIK. (I can't remember the exact price they quoted). My contact prescription was -2.50 in both eyes. I was a little bummed and decided that I didn't want to continue and I left. I was already starting to regret that I didn't just get it over with One nice thing they did was call me before my 2 week appt to ask if I wanted to reschedule. The day I chose was going to be a surgery day which would mean longer wait times. I appreciated that they would be proactive to give me the option and gladly took it to change the date!" "I had lasik this afternoon.  It all started last week when I went to visit this office for the exam to see if I was a candidate.  Everyone was so nice and friendly.  I was a little anxious and they were very patient with me.  They took lots of one on one time with me answering my questions and just letting me freak out a bit.  Everyone I saw asked if I needed anything when I was there.  I was offered lots of snacks  I am so happy with the surgery and the benefit of not having to wear glasses. I highly recommend this place and have had no issues so far. Just know that you will have to invest in natural tears eye drops for a while." I would absolutely recommend the entire team What a great place they used to be in a old stop mall  this is amazing the staff fist class glad we went back for check up helpful and professional. I recommend ANYONE to get this procedure done here. Thanks lasik vision institute for changing my life. Wooohooo!!!! My vision before was horrible. Today 11days later my vision is 20/20 still not 100% but it is very close to being there."  since I really only cared about what the surgeon had to say).  She said asking her my questions/concerns was ""one in the same"".  I think not.  That was the first red flag.  The second one came after she said I would not be meeting the surgeon at all prior to the day of surgery.  Who in their right mind agrees to an elective surgery without meeting the surgeon prior to the day of surgery?  I have never heard of such a thing!  I'm assuming after you pay in full you are then allowed to meet the surgeon.  The third and final red flag came after she said she would schedule me an appointment with the surgeon at another time and then revoked that offer I still recommend this place to EVERYONE."  but the Dr prescribed an eye drop that seems to be helping."  she made sure to give me EVERY detail and even gave me a packet with all the financing information and such. She even quoted me the student prices and wrote them down for me. We concluded our meet and she walked me to the door and shook my hand. I said I was very interested in the procedure and would consult my grandfather about it before scheduling another appointment. All-in-all it was the absolute best experience I could imagine and the only time I have ever left a business feeling more intelligent than when I arrived. I would have given it a four and a half just for the wait times "I brought my mother in here a couple of weeks ago to see if she was a candidate for lasik. Every single person there was extremely nice and helpful. Their prices were very affordable and they even offered us 20% off due to us being referred by a friend. My mother ended up needing a procedure that they do not offer but they quickly referred us to another center. As you can tell from my five star rating I know there are a lot of horror stories out there. I read a ton of reviews before deciding to go through with the procedure. The consent forms I signed at the office also caused my stomach to churn. However  vision has been 20/15 since. This was the best $2k I have spent anywhere. Only issue I have is I wish I had seen their ad sooner. The breaking point for me to get Lasik was that LensCrafters kept screwing up my last prescription!"  I was seeing at better than 20/20 vision after Lasik and they said additional improvement is still possible and that the clarity will probably get better after done applying the medicated eye drops. I'm ecstatic now. I can't imagine if it gets better....Are there negatives? Well perhaps the initial recovery. My eyes were a little scratchy/irritated after It's been two years and I am still over joyed at the eyesight I have because of the doctors and staff. They cared about me and my eyes. Don't want any longer get your best eye sight now call them today! Everyone is very professional and has your best interest as a priority. The worst part for me was trying to sleep that night with constant tears flowing down my face but I dont believe everyone reacts the way I do. I have always had sensitive eyes and allergies. There is nothing better than waking up in the morning and being able to see everything clearly (the few hours i was uncomfortable is worth it). It did take the full 2-4 hours but they do tell you the time limits and personally I wouldn't want to go somewhere that makes me feel rushed with something as important as my eyes. "I have to dock a point because of the wait times (often 2-3 hours) and their computers seem to always be lagging and they book way too many people for the amoun of staff. However  my experience was great.  The day after the surgery I was already seeing 20/20 (I previously was seeing about 20/200 or so).  The doctors believe I can achieve better than 20/20 vision once my eyes stabilize.  Recovery after PRK takes longer than lasik 11/1/15:  Just over 5 weeks since my lasik.  Still waiting for vision to improve.  5 weeks and blurry and hard to focus.  Wishing I didn't do it but going to be patient!!!" I'll be posting an additional review after my surgery "Me and my Husband had the best experience with The LASIK Vision Institute! From the very start the whole staff was super nice and courteous. At one point when my husband was having second thought about the surgery  how long you'll feel it for. I couldn't have asked to be treated better than I was. I can't wait to get up tomorrow & reach for my glasses  a final exam and completion of my payment. The surgery itself was only10 min. My follow-ups have been pretty quick also. It is just the initial consultation that can be very frustrating to just wait around for several hours to be seen." I had surgery just yesterday afternoon and woke up this morning and was amazed about how well I could see. I 100% recommend anyone getting this done." They do a 2 week and 3 month follow-up care and as needed. Things for me were pretty typical. I started off not being able to see the big E and now I have 20/20 "**Be prepared for the up-sell!** Husband and I had $1700 to burn on our flexible spending account.  Came across a Groupon deal for this place that included the wavelength LASIK procedure at $1799 (great deal!). The only catch was that my flexible spending account company (ADP) required a doctor's note be completed IN ADDITION to the invoice in order for the procedure to be considered for reimbursement. When husband and I went for the consultation and I asked about getting the note signed  for some of my follow ups I was in and out in 15 minutes.  The surgery was painless and I was done in 10 minuted. Dr. K. told me everything to expect so I was not worried at all. If I could give more stars I will post an update once my vision clears up!" Update: Just over a week from surgery and my vision is perfect! Sometime I have a little blurring but that usually means I need to use my artificial tears drops. Love my results!"  the girl simply asks for my credit card instead of apologizing for her error. A few days later I get a bill in the mail for $75 for a routine lens fitting which I already paid the copay for! The insurance rep that helped me resolve this expressed her frustration to me as well after she apparently spoke to the same stubborn woman. needless to say It's pretty cool! :) Big smiles :)"  you are lucky if you see (pun intended) the doctor for more than 30 seconds.  Everything in this eye/cataract factory is handled by clerks and techs in training.  I went to another cataract surgeon's office for my other eye and the billing was complete with no surprises and IT WAS LESS.  The doctor was supportive and communicated at length."  I was given a prescription that was way too strong. I had to throw my new expensive glasses away. I ended up going to Q Vision for LASIK. Couldn't be happier. Go here and expect a robocall every day at 5:05."  you know the feeling of wondering if you will ever see again like you used to.  Southwestern Eye Center immediately made me confident that my vision would be fine and they were right.  My family and I will be forever thankful for Southwestern Eye Center." Nice.  I hope they're great eye doctors because they're not so good at the basics of running a business."  and finally see the doctor. Figure at least 45 minutes from the scheduled time of your appt to the time you actually see the doctor. They have no respect for the patient's time." 