 before I had a magnified prescription that made everything BIGGER. My poor little blind self I have an astingamstism in both eyes. Two years ago I got good lens with nice frames but in 2012  I got shit lens with an okay frame.  I don't plan on returning to America's Best  We were so disgusted with our experience here. We called the corporate office (something I never do) afterward and told them that when are contacts arrive we will not go back to this location. The people at the corporate office were actually really nice and had them shipped to the North Hills location instead. When we went to pick out our contacts at North Hills the staff was very pleasant  Ohio for my glasses needs. But I've moved to Pittsburgh and needed some place economical . I booked my appt online the night before but showed up late.... I didn't know there was a marathon going on . I just wanted to get an exam so I could buy glasses online . The staff was nice and rescheduled me for the next slot. Everyone was nice including the doctor .  Although I didn't initially want glasses 2 pair for 100 bucks and a free eye exam is a great deal. Especially considering I usually spend 300 on glasses after insurance is said and done. My only complaint is the selection wasn't amazing but what so you expect for such cheap prices." From the previous reviews that I read I know exactly who people are talking about.  I rarely give a one or two stars. The customer service here is horrible.  I feel like everything I say is wrong.  I felt rushed when selecting my frames.  They changed me $10 more than what the price was marked on the frame.  When I pointed that out I got an attitude.  even for a defective product. I got a set of eyeglasses here which have reflections all across the field of vision. They're barely usable due to this. If I sit near a bright window  grabbed his foreceps and was done with it before I had a chance to throw up. I also go to AB for the aforementioned glasses and have always been welcomed with a huge smile by one of their friendly staff members as well as a quick and efficient appointment.  I can't say enough about this staff or this doctor.  Don't let the big chain name fool you - America's Best provides good service at a great price."  being an international student. I am writing this comment to save other people." "I will never purchase anything from this office again! I had to call my insurance to file a grievance against this provider. I went to this office on the 27th of january with my prescription to pick out a pair of frames. I gave them all the necessary information. They told me it would take 7-10 business days for them to arrive. I later called and spoke with the optician and asked whether they could be mailed to my address in NY. It is the 24th of February and I still don't have my glasses!! They kept telling me that they sent to the NY address when I know that they didn't. These people are very unprofessional and rude. They reordered the glasses for me because I have warranty on the lenses. They called me when it arrived in the office  impatient and a poor listener. He then try's to push his optomtetrist . His staff is embarrassed."  but to have to wait forever to been seen just adds to the frustration. So don't think that because you work uptown this place is convenient Final analysis: I choose this practice because of a referral from a family friend. The downtown location is not convenient for us and coupled with my experience and that of the other Yelp! reviewers  I think I have had enough with this place. (Hope this proves my point). I highly recommed you stay away from this place!" This is a great office!  I have been seeing Dr. Moore for years and would follow him for his great eyecare.  The staff is very knowledgeable about contacts and glasses.  I loved that they carried frames I would not see everyone else wearing in Charlotte.  The wait was not long and I know sometimes emergencies happen and get everyone behind.  This is a top office. Wonderful associates too!!" MWsY9PueZGWi0B0C7MQCkQ I love that they are right downstairs from where I work.  Ran down for an eye appointment today and was back in less than an hour.  Everyone is so friendly.  Dr. Moore is great. Service was outstanding and I hate that other reviewers did not receive the experience I did.  I look forward to my follow up appointment and know I will not choose another eye doctor again." I am new to Charlotte and was recommended to this office by a colleague. I was very satisfied with my first visit! Staff was extremely friendly and helpful and I was able to get in and out very quickly compared to other appointments I've had with other eye doctors. "Dr. Moore is an outstanding eye doctor. I've been seeing him for 5 years and have always had a great experience.  I love that he offers ""eye photos"" instead of typical dilation (takes a long time and is uncomfortable) Dr. Moore himself is upbeat and cracks jokes through out your appointment. It is easy to feel at ease there. The office is clean and bright I switched to the Dr Steven Moore & Associates practice because a friend recommended Dr Sara Beaver. I haven't regretted making the switch. My wait time is minimal and the staff is friendly and very helpful. But the best part is Dr Beaver. She is a breath of fresh air and very knowledgable. All my questions were answered and my appointment was not rushed. I like the lines they carry for eye glasses. Maddy is a big help in the optical department. I look forward to my annual eye appointment at the office of Dr. Steven C. Moore.  The staff are very courteous and knowledgeable.  The timeliness of my appointment is on target.  I enjoy the dialog with Dr. Moore.  He is very personable and knowledgeable with a no nonsense approach to his practice.  I have been a long time patient and plan to continue the annual tradition. I have recommended many friends to Dr. Moore and will continue to do so!" Highly recommend! I can't wait to get my glasses!"  but three strikes and your out."  and doctor were pleasant. I have an issue with credibility of the sales agents when completing a purchase.  I purchased a pair of Chanel eyeglasses and wanted a new pair. I was advised by Maria that they will come from Italy. The pair never was ordered. They sent the original glasses off to be filled. When it was addressed Great place to get your eye exam and for your eye glass needs.  I have been a patient of Dr. Moore for years and I appreciate his thoroughness with his exams.  The staff at the front desk is welcoming and always a pleasure to talk to. I loooove Dr. Moore.  He is so personable and knowledgeable.  The staff is always helpful and they are always upgrading to the newest technology.  I'd definitely go back. Maybe I will for those Armani frames." Will be going back next year." I was recently at this location and the staff there was friendly and courteous.  They helped me in all aspects of getting my glasses.  I was impressed with the knowledge and experience they have.  The nice lady who helped me named Suanne was willing to help me and concentrated on helping me fulfill my needs in finding the perfect frame.  I highly recommend this eye care place.  especially Dr. Sanders. She did my eye exam and it turned out that my prescription had not changed much at all. Dr. Sanders was very honest and told me that it was really up to me if I wanted to get new glasses because it was not really necessary.  I did not get new glasses this time  Dr Sanders was a really nice lady who knew what she was doing. The first set of lens gave me some irritation and i requested for a different pair of lens the next day and she attended to me immediately. Definitely a great experience and I would highly recommend this place."  I feel like I overpaid for these name brand glasses with lenses that are still too heavy and thick.  I've been wearing the glasses for 7 months now and they are uncomfortable and heavy on my face.  This experience has been so horrendous and I hate my glasses so much that I am seriously considering lasik surgery so that I never have to wear glasses again or have to deal with the hassle of getting cheated on a pair of glasses in the future." Quick service.  Friendly for the most part.  Doctor ( I think Johnson) is very knowledgeable and explains everything quite well. Dr. Sanders is excellent.  She was able to explain to me things about my eyes that I had been asking both optometrists and opthamologists without being able to get a clear answer.  She explained things to me in a way that I could understand and was patient in doing so.  I really appreciated that. "Dr. Sanders and her whole staff are prompt & go above and beyond.  It's not usual that a trip to the eye doctor is actually an enjoyable experience  especially if you are making Google Glass with prescription glasses!" The Crizal lenses that they sell craze so quickly and so easily and they were not willing to do anything about that issue that I have. I spent m It was such bad luck that I went to the location. I wish I never had known about the place." I got my first ever pair of contacts here and was able to get in same-day. The doctor was patient with me and made sure to get me the right pair that were comfortable for me. Would highly recommend - will be back for my next exam! :)"  but it was impossible to do so with plastic frames. She hardly adjusted them at all and said it was all she could do (she still charged me the $5 fee too). When I went home to Chicago  I'm extremely happy!"  and open to any questions.  Her office really has a good system down pat - I've always been seen on time and have never been left waiting in the exam room for more than a couple of minutes. All of my appointments have lasted around 30-40 minutes.  I really appreciate doctors who respect my time!"  I've been considering heading down to Champaign the next time I'm in the Chicago area just to have an eye exam from her. Things get done right the first time  which was the cause of my headache. I went to Illini Eye Care before but they did not test for that. The only issue is that I have to wait for ~ a week to get my new glass. So the best thing to do in my opinion is to get the exam here  and they have a terrific selection of glasses and contacts. They are great at helping to find a flattering and fashionable pair of glasses. You will have to wait for glasses (~1 week or more) "I love this place!  They have a good selection of frames incl. some very unique ones.  I especially like ""Linda"" who has fitted me several times and has an INCREDIBLE eye for what looks good on you xUgj_KF0-XRv_DBj96Yiaw  are expensive even with eyemed insurance. Sure eyemed insurance has a $20 co pay for lenses and $20 for frames and that sounds cheap. But when you include ""extras"" (which are necessary IMO) like anti-reflective coating and polycarbonate lenses the price goes up by A LOT. This wouldn't be so bad because I can shop around  I found frames that I really liked and I'm pretty picky. The optician and I talked about brands for a while and she told me she won't carry any with poor customer service or frequent issues. She told me this after I had chosen my frames and I had asked about another brand. It was a little more informal than I am used to at an eye doctor. All of the employees were wearing a uniform that consisted of a t-shirt with the office graphic on it and come of the instruments in the exam room actually had a layer of dust on them--dust! In a medical office! Still since most of the optometrist's tools are optics and were designed decades ago (for the most part) this really didn't bother me. Overall  give Central Phoenix Eye Care a call... it's painless and as pleasant as it can be to go to the doctor!"  but I don't...and they broke twice and the Central Phoenix folks found new stems and replaced them immediately - at no charge.  They were super warm I have NO IDEA how this was all supposed to go down but it was seamless. Great attentive service. Nothing to complain about."  and friendly. I will probably go back to Central Phoenix Eye Care because the time I spent with the doctor was definitely what I was hoping for when I chose this office. I sure wish those grumpy opticians would just buck up! It would make everyone's experience much more enjoyable!" I highly recommend Dr Frank." gztTQsgq6FJwIoV4P4RNIw  and I didn't have a wait at all!  They also have a decent variety of frames to choose from.  If you're in need of an eye doctor  well organized staff went out of their way to schedule me for an early morning appointment and then asked the lab to rush the glasses."  down to earth and very knowledgable. The office staff are super sweet and very helpful. The Optical staff are very helpful when ordering glasses Last year when my mother visited us she was having some problems with the pressure in her eye.  She's diabetic as well and she suffers from eye damage as a result.  Dr Thompson made time to see her and check the pressure in her eyes to confirm that the medicine she was using was working properly and that the pressure was returning to a normal level.  She went out of her way to provide my mom with extra care and I really appreciate that"  and found this place.  I made an appointment and was seen within a few days.  Dr. Thompson and her staff gave me the most thorough vision exam I've ever had in my life!  She actually recommended some brand new contacts because she said my old ones didn't fit me that well (I had no idea).  Wow After going in and experiencing a very friendly staff and a knowledgeable doc with good ""bedside manner"" who addressed my concerns and questions I knew I lucked out in picking the right place to go. Dr. Thompson and her staff definitely go out of their way to help you with anything you need. I would refer CPEC to anyone." "Superior customer service. Dr. Thompson did a great Job The staff is very friendly... All this examination plus the glasses cost only a little over $100 with insurance.  I thought that was pretty good!   I definitely would recommend this practice to anyone!" Thanks for a great experience and excellent customer service - I'll be back even though you're not in my network!" I'm disappointed to have to report that Dr Thompson left the practice.  The staff has always been professional and courteous so I'm sure this will continue to be an excellent practice. They could use better signage out by the road in front of their building. They're in a taller building on Seventh Street I found this office through Yelp and am so happy with the whole experience.  Thanks all around! "This was my first visit to Central Phoenix Eye Care since moving to Phoenix - and I'm glad I found them.  The office staff are very friendly and helpful.  I had an appointment with Dr. Stephanie Mastores - I didn't have to wait later than my appointment time  it's the best eye exam I've ever had! I was seen immediately and did not have to wait. This is a huge plus in my book. I am very happy I have found a competent eye provider. I always use Yelp to find my doctors  now.  No kidding!  Perhaps upwards of 30 years or more.  I have received excellent care and personal attention all through these years from 3 of the doctors that I have seen there.  Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for most of this time.  Due to his ever burgeoning workload  They get my highest praise and recommendation!!" "Back to wearing glasses after 11 years and all I have to say is ""Thank You"" to Central Phoenix Eye Care. You made the experience the best possible. And Dr. Stephanie Mastores is incredible. I can see clearly now and am looking fashionable as well. This is the only optometrist I will ever recommend. Thanks again and Go Buckeyes!!" I have been going to Dr. Kantor for years and have always gotten extraordinary eye care at his office.  He and the staff are simply wonderful !!!  This practice is the only one I will recommend to my friends.  which I am at risk for.  I feel very secure that my eyes are in great hands.  They also have an extensive selection of frames and are ready and willing to help with choosing that perfect pair.  Thanks Central Phoenix Eye Care for years of great service!" "Another fantastic visit and eye exams with Dr. Kantor for my son and I - none better than him (don't let him know I said that). I've been a patient of his since he took over this practice. I started with them in 1970 when it was Dr. Cartledge "The best eye doctor facility I've ever been to.  They were so thorough I was astonished.  Staff is pleasant and knowledgeable.  They take Federal spending account cards.  They utilized computer imaging to look into my eyes which was just amazing to look at while he explained the health of my eyes.  When asking about eye surgery because I'm slightly vain  but even better was knowing that I received a high level of care! I definitely recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care!"  i.e. a new prescription.  Central Phoenix Eye Care is well staffed with competent professionals many of whom I've known for many years.  Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for nearly 30 years and I can attest to his competence  I converted him over soon after we started dating. It was so easy...the service and the one stop shopping.  Just stop in and say Hello and you won't want to leave." They seemed to be very detailed and organized and  after going through a horrible situation at another optimologist (3 tries and could still not get glasses right!!!) I came to Central Phoenix Eye Care through Yelp. My appointment was within a couple of days which was great because I was desperate. The tech and Dr Mastores were informative and thorough which I grealty appreciate. My glasses eneded up being costly but they are wonderful. The eyeglass guy was full of information helping me to make the right choices. Great place~I am here to stay!" I plan on setting appointments for my husband and son next week. Our family is all-in." "The doctors are great.   The staff is ALWAYS helpful and I've been extremely satisifed with the selection of frames and lens options.    I used to work right down the street from their office  I recently developed an allergy to my contact lens solution. Dr. Mastores diagnosed me accurately and then prescribed a course of treatment (corticosteroid drops  I've now switched over to Dr Mastores and she is equally as wonderful!  I love the staff here and their selection is great.  When my insurance switched and I had to try a new office And I got some adorable glasses - that arrived at the office earlier than anticipated." "I really like Central Phoenix Eye Care. They have a clean office with new equipment; they're front office staff is super friendly and helpful (I brought my workday lunch into the appointment because it would get so hot sitting in my car  and I get in and out within 45 minutes. They're great with scheduling and the office staff is very nice and personable." Great staff!  On time service!!  Dr Frank answered all of my questions.  I would refer them to anyone. I went there because of the YELP reviews and I had to YELP myself.  They are THE eye-care center I would recommend above all." "Went here for a much needed and long over due eye exam. I felt like Dr Mastores and her staff did a very thorough exam and were not rushed. She took the time to answer all of my questions and there was no attempt to ""up sell"" me on any additional services or even glasses for that matter. The office staff is friendly Highly recommend to anyone in need of glasses and wants to support our local businesses.  Thanks guys!!!" Excellent staff and care.  Highly recommended.  knowledgeable and thorough. I had my toddler child along for his first appointment and they were awesome with him. They were patient and let him play with all sorts of their devices to keep him happy. Everything was explained to me in detail regarding both my own vision and my child's. Their frames selection was fantastic for anyone  I tried a ton of different colors and I never felt rushed or like he was trying to get rid of me.  In fact he was suggesting more for me to try!  At the end of the appointment when I went to check out I was a bit taken aback by the total  saved me money by informing me that my sons glasses where still had a another year warranty on them. Great Place to go to."  in Goodyear and it is well worth the excellent service!"  extremely thorough and do a great job. I travel from Gilbert and they are well worth it!"  as well. I would recommend this practice to anyone living in Phoenix who needs a reliable "Took my son here because of my past experience with Dr Mastores for a comprehensive eye exam after he broke his glasses while playing basketball. Wouldn't change a thing in my last review. Staff was friendly  acted just as professional as any other eyecare facility I've ever been to (and I've been wearing contacts since 1975)... charged me $95... and I can buy my contacts online at half price now.  FWIW "I was so sad to leave my eye doc when we moved from Idaho. I never thought if find a place as wonderful as I had at home. Let me tell you They were very patient and great to work with "Great staff and very knowledgeable doctors. They took care of me even when I was being difficult with trying to figure out what prescription strength works best for me. Their prices aren't the cheapest  but also the quality of their staff and customer service! This is a wonderful office and I highly recommend them!" Wonderful experience! All the staff is beyond helpful and great to work with from start to finish.  They're very thorough and knowledgeable.  by far. They even take a picture of the inside of your eyeball and show it to you on a computer screen. It's pretty cool if you're into human anatomy." Dr. Steven Kantor is a great Dr and person. Our family has known him for over 30 years but we now live far away. If your in need of a great man to help with your eyes go to him today. "I have been going to see Dr. Kantor for maybe 15 years or so.  He is great! A couple of times I have had issues with my eyes or my contacts and he is great about doing whatever it takes to make things better.  Very "I have limited central vision due to the eye disease retinitis pigmentosa.  As such going to the eye doctor is always a bit challenging for me LOVE going to the eye doctor now!  They can get me in and out in no time.  Extremely friendly staff! Best optician clinic in town hands down! I decided to try this place out through yelp because of their ratings and I had a very awesome experience. The staff here are VERY fast and friendly. Came here for an eye exam and it was appealing. I would recommend this place to anyone! "The front desk people are so amazing every time I go in. They're always upfront with what will cost extra and not pushy to sell extra examinations on you. Dr. Uselman is so laid back and honest in trying to help me see the best I can (another eye doctor I went to in AZ was awful and just wanted me in and out). I'm from a small town and have had the same eye doctor since I was little. After 3 years of searching  then called around and found an optometrist nearby willing to give me a sample pack at no charge. Many thanks to her for going out of her way to make sure I was taken care of in a stressful situation. This place has an amazing staff!" Our insurance changed... So that meant we had to look for new doctors. I was happy at the place we were at and felt a bit anxious looking for a new place. I found Central Phoenix Eye Care thru our vision insurance website and then the reviews on Yelp. I have no regrets! This place is awesome! Everyone is so helpful and friendly! Dr. Mastores is amazing and is very patient. I have never had such a thorough examination. I guess I never knew what I was missing. If you are like me and unsure about a new place for your eyes... Look no further! This place is it. Very friendly staff.  Dr Usleman was extremely courteous and excellent bedside manners.  Great selection of glasses that are quick to have filled.  NO WAIT!. Dr Usleman was great. He explained everything in terms that I understood and at no point did I ever feel rushed.  Overall the staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I was very impressed. I have found a new eye doctor. A great experience!!!!!!!" DrHei8dBcbGNNyhP5qjBYQ  and truly care about making the patient happy.  I have gotten 3 pairs of glasses here and always have a great time picking them out with the staff.  Matt is especially great and entertains my annoying ways of picking out glasses... It takes me forever!! I love how all the staff gives their honest opinions on what looks best on me.  I will come here time and time again and will refer everyone I know to Central Phoenix Eye Care.  In a day where excellent customer service has been taking a back seat "I found this place on Yelp and saw the great reviews.  Needless to say I expected a lot.  And everyone of my expectations were met over and above.  What a great staff and Doctors.  I can't say enough about this group; their attitudes I brought my daughter in for an eye exam. Dr Kantor was very thorough and the office staff were all very friendly.  I ended up making an appointment for myself.  I saw Dr Frank. He took the time to help me understand the exam and what was going on with my vision. He was also very thorough. I had a lot of questions and he patiently spent his time explaining all the answers.  Then when it was time to pick out glasses I received even better service.  Matt was able to help me find the right frame for my face. I have a hard time deciding what looks good. I am confident that he helped me make the right choice. They treat you like a member of the Family great friendly staff  I turned to Yelp.  Central Phoenix Eye Care had received several 5 star ratings and much positive feedback from prior patients.  I was treated with the utmost professionalism and care by all of the staff in which I interacted - very friendly and welcoming environment.  I am happy to say I have found my new eye doctor." "I remember walking out of my eye exam thinking 'Wow I had a lovely visit!'. How crazy is that thought coming after an optometrist appointment?! Dr. Mastores was so friendly and informative (and bonus  it just seems the guys running the glass frame ands contact ordering portion of the business are quite lacking in their customer service and follow through." This is the best eye care anywhere. Whether you go for a check up or an emergency they are  highly competent. My whole family goes here  with wonderful results.  the office was quiet. Dr. Steven Kantor was very friendly and clearly answered any questions I had. I highly recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care." "I never thought I would actually enjoy a Dr's visit.  Dr. Mastores is wonderful.  Enthusiastic and caring. The staff is all great "I have been a patient of Central Phoenix Eye Care for more than 45 years and have always been satisfied with the level of care that I have received.  All of the optometrists affiliated with this facility that I have been examined by have been extremely professional in their field of expertise.  Recently  friendly Dr and staff.  They also have a eyeglass/ frames in house which is nice touch. Both my husband and I will continue our eye care with Dr Matores @the phx eye center." Dr. Mastores recommended new contact lenses that were less expensive and more comfortable than any I have used in the past.  I was very pleased!  with a great selection of kid and adult glasses. Dr. Usleman and Dr. Mastores are both enthusiastic and love what they do which carries over into the atmosphere in the office. They explained to us what was covered and what wasn't regarding our insurance and we didn't feel any pressure in having to purchase our eye glasses there Overall this place is great!"  but she was repeatedly apologizing yet didn't give us an estimate on time...there is really nothing to do around the complex....and had I known we would have waited over 90 minutes just to see the dr. I would have taken her to lunch or on a walk. Just disappointing that the communication isn't better when the Dr. is backed up." "I've been seeing Dr. Mastores  2 - 3 years and I am completely satisfied. I went to a few different eye doctors around the valley before I settled on her. She is friendly  need or are curious about. Now that is not something you will find everywhere!"  ROCK! This is definately my new eye care facility.  I highly recommend this office for any eye care needs." I've been going here for a number of years and have always very satisfied with the experience.  The staff and technicians are always friendly and professional and very good at their jobs. Dr. Mastores always takes the time to explain changes in my eyesight and answers any question that I have.  he made me feel comfortable knowing that fact. Really takes the time to help me understand and doesn't act like he's trying to run off to the next room." My first experience here. Was so busy. But the doctor was great and staff was friendly. Took me as a last minute client. Will be back.  efficient and take care of all insurance queries quickly. The back office staff are pleasantly conversant while taking care of all their duties in a way that is quick but thorough and Dr. Mastores who I saw is just an absolute peach. She is personable I saw Dr. Frank.  He is extremely knowledgeable...and friendly as well.  Staff is great! Everyone is very friendly and efficient.  I would recommend them highly.  caring doctors. Dr. Frank goes beyond thorough. Very impressed!" Dr. Mastores is wonderful. Highly recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care. A DAY LATE AND A DOLLAR SHORT."  the staff is very friendly and smart. I got right in for my exam and the tech quickly took me through all the various tests and was very friendly. I only waited about five minutes for the doctor to come complete my exam. Dr. Stephanie was very friendly and knowledgeable and very compassionate which I appreciate very much. This is a great Eye care facility and I will definitely come back and recommend to friends."  I didn't realize I would receive those forms online and downloaded the PDFs from their site to print and fill out. I also think there should be an option to book on the site (I didn't see anywhere) and download to your calendar. Those are minor things though!"  I see Dr Stephanie and she's great."  caring and understanding eye doctor I have ever been too!!! The staff was awesome and Dr Usleman was very compassionate to my eye issues and explained everything that was going on and how to fix it!!!" gztTQsgq6FJwIoV4P4RNIw Fantastic Doctors and Staff. I would not hesitate to recommend this office anyone. Dr. Stephanie M. Mastores is the best!  I decided on Central Phoenix based on the yelp reviews and I was so happy I did.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable I've used two different insurance plans at this facility Heather greeted me and took me back to a very clean and well laid out office and for some background on me. She was very helpful and personable and made me feel totally at ease. Dr. Usleman was VERY knowledgeable and informative and explained in great detail the differences between different contacts and why some were recommended over others. He listened to MY concerns and what I wanted the contacts for and made two great recommendations for me. I was shown how to put them in and take them out by another very sweet girl (I think her name was Amy) and left with TWO different trial contact options. I will try them out for a week or so and then go back for a follow up to decide which I want to go with. All in all a great experience !! I have already referred a friend !!" Over the years I have worked with many excellent eye care professionals but I have never worked with any whom I would recommend over Dr. Mastores and Central Phoenix Eye Care."  and they have really great frames! I always enjoy getting fitted for frames by Corina who is a lovely person. She gives great advice that you can trust if you are choosing between a few pairs. I always recommend Optical Expressions to my friends. Their frames and selection are great I couldn't be happier with this place. It's easy for a Dr in this field to make their money off people "These guys are beyond awesome. I was in Scottsdale/Phoenix from Mpls for the Rock and Roll 1/2. I ripped my contact and had no spare lenses. Upon contacting Optical Expressions they said to just fax my scrip and theyd help. Help they did and at NO COST. Plus they validated my parking. Service like this is sometimes lost in the 21 century They had a very nice selection of designer frames and even current season sunglasses. They told me they do the individual buying for the office- they know what fits faces well." I for one will not be a patron of a place that keeps so much hidden from their customers ever again.  Even if you have money to throw away The staff was friendly and accommodating. They got me in for an eye injury within the hour despite my not being a current patient. Dr. Wilken was knowledgable and helpful. Would definitely recommend to others! It's totally unfortunate Dr Wilken and Dr Ryan are awesome but their receptionists could use a little support in customer service and training." I believe that I got a good exam from the Dr.  I believe that he can charge whatever he wants for his services. This bad experience could have been avoided if these two women were not so busy fleecing me. Or at least TRYING to."  then a dude showed up. I waited almost 1/2 hr before being seen and i was first! The dude that got there after me got right in and out! I didn't like that. Aside from that the lady doc was great and they have a candy bowl:)"  which was scheduled for 9:30 am. How do you get that behind after being open for half an hour? Don't come here unless you have plenty of time and a good book!"  my sister asked if they carried Prada and another woman sitting at the desk waved her hand at us as if she was shooing us away from the counter and said we have whatever is out. I asked if she could order a particular style as we had a style number with us and she said in a very annoyed tone ""I'm busy and I'll let you know when I'm free"". Did I mention we were the only customers in the store? We were both shocked at her tone and lack of care/customer service and decided to take our business elsewhere. I wouldn't recommend this business." "I used to go to Optical Expressions in Scottsdale but this location is more conveniently located for me. I am giving a 5 star mostly because of Tracy. She works in the front and helps you pick your lenses or contacts The less expensive ones that worked the First Time were not designer.  But They Worked The First Time.  I will not be doing business with this company again with the exception of having them spend another few months to repair their latest mistake.  Over priced I am going back for my 7 day checkup for the new contacts and pick up my frames.  Will check back in." "The two stars are for the young lady that helped us purchase the glasses. The doctor barely said 5 words to me  I couldn't see very clearly. I've been wearing contacts for years. Discovered that on top of all the waiting the doctor and staff are incompetent because they incorrectly ordered my contacts for me and changed my -2.75 prescription to a +2.75.  Do not go here! They suck! This is for the location at 4280 E Indian School." Good job Nationwide!  Holly" The Worst Customer Service Experience in a long time.  Long wait times while giving off lots of attitude while you wait.  Amazed at the consistency of the poor attitude of every single employee in the place.  Do yourself a favor and stay away!  when I was here long before them and I had an appointment FIRST or reschedule and come back another day. This is ridiculous.  Unacceptable.  Thank you for wasting 2 hours of my Saturday." Never again!!!!  The worst customer service and communication I've ever experienced. They should all be fired and start fresh or I can guarantee this location will be gone in less than a year. HORRIBLE!! "The doctor was great and one lady was hospitable but the rest of the staff seemed completely incompetent.  They couldn't seem to give me a proper quote on how much an eye exam would cost.  A week after my exam they still didn't have my trial contacts and weren't willing to call other locations to see if I could pick up a pair at another Nationwide.  I won't be returning Very friendly staff! Got me in and out fairly quickly for my eye exam. The doctor was completely knowledgable and answered every question I had. Left with several free pairs of contacts. Thank you!!! I Ps. Did I mention his current ones are also broken?? He's been wearing taped glasses for months "Dr.Ric Rios is the best;  he has prescribed contacts and glasses for me and my family for many years. I just wish the office  wasn't so far away from my frequent destinations. It would also be great to see if he has more updated frames My family has been going to PV Eyecare for many years. We have never had any issue with the staff or Dr. Rios who is the best! Appointments are flexible and prices are competetive. This is a no pressure place- unlike other places. You can buy your frames/contacts  there or they will give you your prescription and you can go elsewhere. I am not familiar with any of the other doctors that are there but if you need a great eye doctor- try Dr. Rios.  especially to those who have eye insurance coverage.  I think the office is ran very competently and very efficiently."  have never had quite the success in fitting a contact lens. I have a hard lens in the right eye and a hybrid in my left. The hybrid has me seeing better than 20/20 out of it. AMAZING! I will soon have a hybrid put into my right has well. The only regret  but he was able to determine the perfect brand. I agree with several of the other posters regarding the facility being a bit dated and the office staff not always being the most professional and pleasant; however  horrible customer service and a place I highly recommend on not using. The office had several opportunities to show great customer service in all of my times that I went back to the office-but they severely failed every time!" I will never recommend this to anyone!"  and called it $200.  Deal with it.  Why doen't $200 cover for a glasses script?  What lobbyist out there wanted a STATE LAW to renew eyeglass scripts annually?  Can you say ""Special Interests""???  Blackmail?  Where do you see blackmail? That statement about blackmail alone makes me think you are wacko.  I got my lenses duplicated and that is perfectly within the law of the State of Arizona to do so.  I am completely satisfied with my new glasses and I see great.  Thanks for your concern about the health of my eyes Easy to find. The staff was friendly. They had all the necessary equipment on sight to do any exams/tests needed. Dr Hollenbach was great and explained every test and my results with me as we went through them. I would recommend Paradise Valley Eye Care to anyone!:)  courteous and professional.  They do seem a bit expensive for glasses  then why make the appointments in the first place???? And even then they couldn't give me another date that would work with me. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE. THEY ARE UNRELIABLE! !!"  were really nice and professional. The reason I am giving them three stars is because I was told by my optometrist that paying for my high index lenses in my prescription (-10.00/-8.50) would not be worth the cost. I appreciate that she didn't push the sale  even pointed out and old scar on my eye that I had never been alerted to previously! Didn't get the actual hardware there (kinda pricey). Would recommend to anyone!" The second pair came in a few days later...from initial appointment to final pickup  I call (almost a month after ordering my eyeglasses) to inquire about my eyeglass order and they refuse to return my calls.  I want to like/recommend them 7hmTTGJHKfAw82uT4kIxvQ  it has been found at its earliest stages. My previous optometrist just wanted to get me out the door and buy some glasses. Guess that's the difference between going to a national chain and a private clinic. They also have gone above and beyond to make sure I am happy with my experience. They were very patient with me when I was having a very hard time finding the perfect frames. Thanks to their help and many suggestions I found them! Unfortunately when I got my lenses  if you can get them to wait on you. The customer service for adjustments is terrible.  It more often than not I just give up and leave rather than wait. Today I stopped by at a few minutes before 2:00 and signed in for an adjustment. Both techs were wandering in and out off the floor to the back room but I sat patiently waiting for someone to call me and get it taken care of. 15 minutes became 30 as I sat all by myself because no other customers were there and at 35 minutes I got up and walked out the door. The two ladies sitting at the front desk watching me this whole time (who also checked me in) not only watched me leave without my adjustment but told me to have a nice day. I want to give my business to someone who wants my business. It's clearly time to just go elsewhere and get new glasses that actually fit." "Dr Rios is the best. I've been his patient for over 5 years. I have really really bad astigmatism and my eyes have been difficult to work with. Growing up I've had to wear hard contacts which they are painful to wear (especially in Arizona). Any eye Dr. before coming here wouldn't be able to get my perception with astigmatism to fit soft contacts. I was always told no and turned down by prior eye Dr's. My eyes are so bad I can't even have lasik eye surgery. Another eye Dr. referred me here and said Dr. Rios will for sure be able to help you. Dr. Rios was determined to figure out a solution and fit me into soft contacts. After months and patience on both sides he was able to not only work with my astigmatism  the girl simply asks for my credit card instead of apologizing for her error. A few days later I get a bill in the mail for $75 for a routine lens fitting which I already paid the copay for! The insurance rep that helped me resolve this expressed her frustration to me as well after she apparently spoke to the same stubborn woman. needless to say It's pretty cool! :) Big smiles :)"  you are lucky if you see (pun intended) the doctor for more than 30 seconds.  Everything in this eye/cataract factory is handled by clerks and techs in training.  I went to another cataract surgeon's office for my other eye and the billing was complete with no surprises and IT WAS LESS.  The doctor was supportive and communicated at length."  I was given a prescription that was way too strong. I had to throw my new expensive glasses away. I ended up going to Q Vision for LASIK. Couldn't be happier. Go here and expect a robocall every day at 5:05."  you know the feeling of wondering if you will ever see again like you used to.  Southwestern Eye Center immediately made me confident that my vision would be fine and they were right.  My family and I will be forever thankful for Southwestern Eye Center." Nice.  I hope they're great eye doctors because they're not so good at the basics of running a business."  and finally see the doctor. Figure at least 45 minutes from the scheduled time of your appt to the time you actually see the doctor. They have no respect for the patient's time." "Scam. It's unfortunate that some companies will do anything to try to make a buck. I went in and got fitted for contacts but didn't buy any right away. I was pregnant and honestly glasses were just easier. Besides I had a ton of dailies left and my prescription hadn't changed. Fast forward a few months and I finally ordered acuvue oasys lenses and from day one HATED them. I assumed that my eyes just needed time to adjust to long term wear. I was used to throwing them out every night with the dailies. So I tried EVERYTHING "I am updating my review from a 1 to a 5. I've been going to this location for years and always received great service. I recently ran into an issue with a bill and the assistant manger  like 'what do you want'. This is the second Nationwide location I have been to. I think I'm done giving them a chance and my money. Save your money and go to Lens Crafters instead. Much friendlier service. At least there they don't make you feel like they're doing you a favor." "A pleasant surprise for an optical practice that I only found by going through my vision plan directory! Great staff (Claire especially was very knowledgeable and professional) If you are looking for a really good Optometrist then give him a try. Also "My family and I have been going to optical illusions forever. Dr. Fuller is honest  all at very affordable prices.  I highly recommend this practice for your family's eyecare needs!!!" 