 which means a lot when you're in pain and you just want someone to take care of you. His staff was also very kind and comforting. And after all the horror stories I had read about wisdom tooth extraction  just in case she had a reaction to the anesthesia or had problems breathing.  The pre-op and post-op care was was very good and thankfully there were no problems during the procedure.  The swelling afterwards was pretty minimal considering... and she had no bruising and no other issues.  We both felt that Dr M and his staff were very professional I'm not going to pretend that having tongue surgery was ""fun"" but under the circumstances I could have not expected better.  Thanks" Bottom line: I can't recommend this guy enough. I don't want to be put in a position where I need oral surgery again I had read reviews on another website of Dr. Day and they pretty much said the same thing. But I figured  it will come back in 6 weeks. It has now been 4 months and I still do not have full feeling restored. I was sent to collections without even getting my last bill in the mail. Please save your FACE and yourself major aggravation."  finding him pleasant and professional and NOT arrogant as stated in another review.  The only real issue I have ever had (in 3 procedures) is an employee who says things like ""I need you to""  as I am HIGHLY allergic to penicillin. Had I not read the label and taken it I would have ended up in the hospital. (Point three will circle back to number two)   3) They will call you non stop for ""final photos"" I agreed to finally go in only because I still have no feeling on my bottom teeth and I am still congested.  I wanted to discuss it with him Even the desk attendants were pushy about the surgery saying I should have them all removed in one session vs having them done in two sessions.  Clearly this office is money hungry and they don't care about the patient's well being post surgery." oQpq9f0HkS-_8RXlcsMiUg Exceptional and professional in everyway. Staff were friendly and Dr. Day explained everything. If you could refer an Oral and Facial doctor - he would be it! Thanks. Gail Z The ONLY saving grace in that practice is his kind and attentive staff.  Everyone in that office is an asset to him." After 6 months I need another surgery  and also recommend that they fly to see him from where they live. He is the best in his profession." If you have ANY problems with your jaw I am telling you go see Dr Day you will not be sorry!!!"  so be prepared to pay far more than you're quoted.  I've never written a review about a physician or dental office -- because I've never felt so scammed by a medical service provider."  gave me a very long consultation so I could make an informed decision.  He promised he could do the work without challenge and he did.  Billing was fast and efficient I would suggest you ask for a different referral if your dentist's office tries to send you here. Dr. Day and his staff are competent at best  call Perfect Teeth (see my review) and ask for a caring professional like Dr. Salb." I would definitely recommend Dr. Day and his staff - they're super nice." I confidently recommend Dr. Day and team!  You will be in good hands."  but I can laugh without fear of dislocation and I haven't had a migraine since before my surgery. I honestly would recommend Dr Day to anyone. He and his staff are bar none the BEST!!!!" I write this review in part because I was amazed at no one had wrote one before- especially consider all the folks that I know that go to this office."  clean modern office and nice staff... And a nice view of Camelback mountain. I'm new to the valley  and they do all they can do to help you obtain a healthy mouth and a good outcome.  I recommend Dr. Belden and his staff to anyone who is looking for a great dentist!  Smile!" Simply the best dentist I have ever had in my life!  The whole office staff is excellent as well.  No other dental office I would ever go to.  (And I've been with him since he bought the practice quite a few years ago.)  he was professional and put my boyfriend who has an intense fear of needles at ease. I would definitely recommend him to friends and family." EXCELLENT patient care here! Would recommend him to anyone." This doctor and his staff rocks! I have severe dentist anxiety and they did everything to make my experience anxiety free and comfortable! Thank you to Dr. Ingersoll and your amazing staff! :) North Valley Family Dentistry did pay for ALL of my treatment to have my tooth rectified... as they should have!" I also had a similar experience as I.B but got a second opinion before I let them do anything saving me a lot of pain  but this staff always makes it much easier to go to the dentist. They are all very friendly and professional. Dr. E Bigos  has been my dentist now for six years and she is awesome. They have done my crowns and a root canal and did an excellent job on all occasions. I highly recommend North Valley Family Dentistry and all of their staff."  but I was assured that I would be in good hands. I went in for routine cleaning and realized that lack of upkeep on my part I had a few cavities.  I returned to have them filled and sealed "Dr. Biggos has been my primary dentist for many years.  I have always been impressed with her and the staff at North Valley Family Dentistry.  The office is clean and neat. They have done root canals Had my teeth cleaned today and was very impressed by the work done by Dana! She's the BEST!! Must be that Midwest living!!  she performs miracles and makes you feel completely comfortable the entire time.  I'm so grateful we found her! Go see her!"  she was tapping me on the shoulder telling me we were finished.. I was shocked and so pleased!! I now go to her for preventive check ups instead of waiting until I have no other choice!! Her staff is awesome and just as calm and pleasant.. The office is nice and welcoming.. I have nothing but GREAT things to say about 'the doc' (dr.Erica Bigos) and her staff .. Except  excellent staff!  Everything is explained in detail so I was able to understand what was happening. Dr. Bigos is the best dentist I have found in my 52 years." "I arrived 10 minutes early for my daughter's wisdom teeth extraction consultation figuring that there would be paper work to fill out. About 30 minutes into my wait I overheard the receptionist say to a kindly octogenarian woman that it would be another half hour for her appointment. A full 50 minutes after arriving we were brought back to the exam room after a brief X-ray. We were told to watch a video about wisdom teeth and left alone. Another 50 minutes passed making it a full hour and 40 minutes after arriving and we still hadn't seen the doctor. Figuring that they obviously had plenty of patients and clearly didn't need our business  the office resolved our very unsatisfactory experience in a very impressive manner."  only to be told that my issue was something that had to be taken care of by an oral surgeon. Well I was in pain and it was 4:00 in the afternoon. Figured I was out of luck to get my problem taken care that day. My dentist called 3 other places about getting me in that day and when they called Dr. Goldenstein's office they agreed to see me! I was suprised Been to Dr. Goldenstein a few times. He is a genuinely nice man who will make a situation right if need be. I cant say the same for his rude receptionist. I would recommend people to come see him for sure. Hes taken me in last minute a few times when I was in extreme pain. He doesn't like to see people in pain.  staff and office.  I don't need to see a glitzy office with multiple locations and staff that are high fashion and everyone pushing expensive procedures. Dr Goldenstein explains all procedures and provides a detailed cost outline. He is quiet and obviously enjoys providing good dental care. The staff is personable and professional and must enjoy their employment/employer as the staff does not change."  once I sat waiting for over and hour in the waiting room. What's worse is that the tricked me into having a procedure. I came only to have one tooth pulled  an absolutely positive experience!" "I never had even a good experience at the dentist until now. Dr. Goldenstein is professional and friendly. He makes sure you understand everything that you will have done 