 this whole foods is actually one of the most successful ones. the location is strange  but I'd rather go to the farmer's market or drive a bit further out of the city to go somewhere real to buy my ""whole food"".  And at least I put my cart back." b) Pittsburgh's lack of urban planning... because it makes sooooo much sense to put an entering & exiting driveway 25 feet away from a three-way intersection on a two lane street. Beautiful." Of course I prefer Trader Joe's for their peanut butter(bec. it has no salt) and Ezekiel's bread. And I do end up buying their coffee  you name it... it's all good.  Bread is from a local.  Cakes are fresh  apparently.  Half the city was assembling salads during my last visit.  Vegan items are clearly marked as such I guess the benefit of Whole Foods  is that you can find a lot under one roof and don't have to spend a lot of time and gas going to different stores.  I'm not slamming Whole Foods at all  and the staff is friendly.  But I still try to avoid Whole Foods as much as possible simply because of the insane parking lot."  you'll avoid the headache and park on one of the many adjacent side streets." wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ Now it's just more expensive."  but so is the Market District's."  the Whole Foods in Las Vegas must be at least three times the size. Still Other notes: The tofu chicken is really good (part of the salad bar)! It's not always available though. Also The only thing I don't like is that parking is a bitch at times." The whole store gets crazy busy on and around holidays."  trader Joe's and Market district come to mind as a cheaper alternative. Parking at this particular store is a nightmare." Ha ha just looked over my review. It sounds bad but I have to give props for my vitamin selection craze!"  but its a start! I don't get here as often as I like since I'm in the South Hills. However meh.  go to market district where they keep it real.  real classy!!!"  a lot of the organic items can now be found at many Giant Eagles for much less expense." It is an oasis for someone like me." If you see a woman and child dressed like Rambo and Baby Rambo running through WF screaming and wielding gallons of milk - it's me trying to survive another trip to WHOLE PAYCHECK HELL!"  you can always park farther away and not have to deal with the mess. It's good for health! The produce is fresh and for regular grocery you have a wide variety of healthy choices. The cherry on top is that the staff is always friendly  but like - so what?  Park in the back and walk a few extra feet.  It's not a big deal."  it's not like I have another choice when it comes to the Whole Foods of PIttsburgh." My feelings can best be summed up with this....http:  www.youtube.com watch?v=2UFc1pr2yUU"  i am shopping @ wholefoods NOT walgreens. translation: whole foods developers were TOO CHEAP to buy the proper amount of real estate. dont even bother coming here fri-sun unless you like a clusterF*** lot full of zombies. this is the 5th WF i have shopped @ (4 in florida) wholefoods should have opened in the south hills. the demographics out there would support it. this wholefoods is BUSH LEAGUE!" wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  this is a good place to try something different. I admit it's hard not to get something extra  and almost as overcrowded as its parking lot.  Two-thirds of the time they are out of what I came for.  I'm sorry I love Whole Foods.  It's the reason we chose to move to ShadySide."  and if you call ahead they will set aside awesome moving boxes for you."  thank you! I prefer employees with edges that are a little rough to ones with pants so tight  the amount of fresh prepared foods that can be gathered is awesome.  They have specials for the day that will help you buy some of the fresh and prepared foods they provide.  I cannot wait to come by again when I know I am going straight home after so I can buy some refrigerated items!"  or just go to Trader Joe's Giant Eagle for a better parking shopping experience."  this place is always packed.  Be prepared to be bumping into people and feel a little claustrophobic.  The parking lot can be quite tricky as well  but I think we must have just gotten a lot of food because $7.99 lb is fair. Plus it is hard to get lunch for any less than that these days without eating fast food."  and the only reason you don't shop there is because people will feed you into thinking you'll spend your ""whole paycheck"" there.  What crap.  Write a list  and their cut fruit section was like I had died and gone to heaven.  But that's about the only two sections I probably would have been willing to open up my wallet." Now with two new bee hives along the rail line as of July 2012 managed by burgh bees of Pittsburgh  this Whole Foods is pretty good."  no attitudes. Even the other shoppers are kind. It's always nice. Thanks to everyone for making Whole Foods a nice shopping experience." It's off my list now. Forever."  I would give it 5 stars. The layout is good and staff is always helpful."  we will continue to come here to stock our home when we plan to entertain at home."  like vegans (me) and gluten free adherents. The house baked bread here might be worse than GE (tough contest) - often under baked and thus soggy in middle and crusts tend to fall off; making gluten free-dom seem appealing. And I don't even need to talk about customer demographics Anyway we'll keep going at least for meats and produce." My favorite part of the store is there hot foods and salad bar. They make all their dishes in the store and sell them for $8.49lb. The hot dishes are amazingly good. The last time i went i had green beans with red peppers  the prepared foods are plentiful and tasty. I like the baked goods also. Another nice feature is you can eat right there I would avoid going here in the afternoon on weekends though...too crowded." wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  the sandwich was delicious! The coleslaw was also awesome! Yay! I am so happy I stopped by when I did." Their meats and seafoods departments are also excellent. They have a great variety and are always helpful in answering any questions that I've had (although we still opt for our meats from DJ's). Of course  as well as local offerings such as La Prima. Try the La Prima Peruvian blend or the Allegro Malawi blend. Amazing."  I buy specialty items but wouldn't purchase all my groceries from here. I can't yet afford that luxury!" Check out can be a hassle if it's really busy but the cashiers are nice and check out pretty quickly. A recent development at this store is the person waiting outside to help you to your car. I don't need help so it's a little weird but I'm sure people with kids love it."  I was happy to head back out and fight the congestion in the parking lot." wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  so make sure you request that.  I love the produce and the prepared foods.  I just wish they would give us a break on the prices."  they've even begun to carry Brad's Raw Pizza Kale Chips for dogs. So my dog is satisfied  I only stop in here on very special occasions when I 1. can withstand the rage I feel when I pull into this parking lot; and 2. I want to either eat at the buffet or buy a very specific item. I would definitely recommend that others stop in sometime to get some food at the buffet. The quality of everything is pretty incredible (though of course it's typically really expensive)." P.S. Their selection of natural body and haircare is great and affordable. If you have sensitive skin or don't want your products tested on animals  the Pittsburgh store does live up to my expectations established from the DMV stores. You will rarely find a bad apple (no pun intended) On a more positive note. The employees. They have always been so great to me. Always greet me with a smile  the time I spent in the dessert was a wet oasis compared to the chicken. I just feel that for the price I paid it was not worth it. I have been to a smaller whole foods with a better hot bar and to the one in New York City and remember it being great. I only give this one 3 stars because the Mac n cheese and vegan tofu loaf was rather good. But I must repeat myself about the price. For what I got it's way to much. It's hard to justify paying that much when I could make it for 1 5th the price at home. Now I know I don't have to cook or clean and that's the point of eating out but I could also go to trader joes get a few frozen meals and eat for over a day for the price of one hot bar meal from whole foods." It's almost always crazy busy in here.  I believe I'd come more often if the shopping experience was calmer.  But because of the insanity of the parking lot and the hectic shopping (people everywhere bumping into each other)  that takes place inside  the chicken fiesta soup is nooooot good. Bland with a capital B! In general the soups are hit or miss Whole Foods seems more expensive than Aldi but less expensive than Giant Eagle."  you can pick up some of their sides from their deli section. I haven't had a bad experience with their food and you can always give everything a taste before having the clerk put it in a container.  This is certainly the place to get specialty items like hemp seeds  unless you go down to the Strip. But hands down my favorite thing about going here are the employees. If you read anything about the corporate structure or culture of Whole Foods you'll understand why everyone seems so happy to be working. I have never had a request met with anything less than a smile Great place to eat and shop. Never a dull moment. This place change the face of east Liberty for the better. I was still shop here for all my needs. Love you WFM!! wfCLz9-aeShbPB7CaTY-qQ  but overall it's a great store and you just have to know that not everything is organic (always read your labels) and that the parking lot will always be a nightmare.  Overall this is a great Whole Foods just avoid shopping here just before any major holiday because it's always madness!"  I've purchased flowers twice and each time they were dead by day three.  Both times I allowed the molten flowers to remain on the counter an extra day to serve as a reminder why I'm not WF material." I found a bone in a package of in-store made turkey burgers (the tequila lime ones if it matters). Not cool.  and a nice area of prepared food if you want to take something to go or eat there. It's a clean store and the employees are nice. I find it's easy to navigate. It's definitely a good place if you're trying to find items for a recipe you don't usually make (like me...boursin garlic herb cheese? I found it here). It's vegan and vegetarian friendly..both of which I am not  always so congested and busy and filled with entitled customers. I was checked into a magazine rack once when a guy tried to beat me to a check-out lane. Some of the fresh stuff is nice Lines at the registers can be long but seem to move fast. People complain so much about how crazy busy this place is "I found out the caterpillar in the romaine bag. Eww it climbed up on my arm. Goosebumps :( BUT at least it can be the proof of ""organic"" besides the bug was green!!!! So healthy !"  I am really disappointed with this location. The deli (pre-made salad bar hot bar) selection is limited and the food is subpar. The parking lot is teeny tiny. If I had a choice  and the aisles are wide enough.  This Whole Foods is a big step up from the gross Market District down the street  and it was awesome!  I went back to thank and compliment the chef. He seemed grateful. Then I got a few groceries I needed and left. Thanks to cool chef  customer service was awesome and they refunded my frozen turkey. I amend to 3*... thanks customer service!"  seated tables at the front...and no room to actually shop.  Either someone's in your way or you're in their way.  The parking lot  this is a real live and learn never again Prices tend to be high and store can be very crowded.  This is a store specializing in higher quality foods and serves a niche." "This location has the nicest staff I have ever experienced when dealing with a Whole Foods. When a product was out they made suggestions and then explained what were key differences and key similarities from the one they were suggesting to the one I usually get. When my iPhone died they were nice enough to find a charger to fit my phone and when they couldn't find one "I stopped here for some quick supplies after arriving to Pittsburgh from out of state.  I was able to quickly find what I needed and leave in a timely manner which is what I was looking for.  On my way out I was talking to a very friendly cashier and bagger as I was looking for something to eat while I was in town.  They were quick to recommend a place down the road.  Thank you for being so friendly and helpful to this ""Out of towner."""  but because they are incredibly low. Probably the nickname was created by people that had formerly just shopped at affordable-o supermarkets. I enjoy the well-stocked salad bar and dining area Looking forward to the Grand Opening at South Hills!!  Scheduled opening towards end of 2016." Benefit of Sunday shopping? Free OSP closer than parking garage. Lots of people  Whole Foods is an investment in your own body and health!" 1 10 08: I just rec'd my Aquasana waterfilter and all of a sudden find myself less and less reliant on Home Economist." But the topper on all of this is the fact that the people here are so helpful.  If you have a question about which herbs and supplements are good for what  I realized I could go back. I haven't made the leap yet  seeds and seasonings as I believe their prices are fair and their presentation is less pretentious than major chains. The staff is always willing to help and I learn helpful things from the other shoppers as I stroll the isles. I like the free lectures they give to educate the community. And I like their book and magazine selection. I am used to a prettier broader selection of products to choose from Prices could be more competitive I have to deduct a start here because the store does get a little crowded-feeling and just has the appearance of being somewhat rundown (like most of its neighboring businesses) which is far below the standard at any of the other speciality grocers in town.  Still  I'd recommend hitting up the location on South. If running in for a quick ingredient or two It would be nice if HHM would open a store somewhere out on the I-485 perimeter between Pineville & Matthews. I  believe that this area can support several more healthy stores.  Even though consolidation through mergers & acquisitions is the name of the game in corporate America these days Offers the same great items the one on South Blvd does the only downside to this location is the lack of deli and smoothie juice stand.  it's going to be hell to get back on 74W during most times of the day(less busting a U down by Conference)"  they know they have me suckered for their bulk bins and can continue to treat customers poorly. Imagine how well they could do if they didn't have such a piss poor attitude towards customer service."  so when faced with that I've-never-been-to-this-store-and-I-have-no-idea-where-anything-is feeling they're happy to show where to find what you need."  they have let themselves go downhill. The people are quite possibly the rudest I have ever met. I have not met anyone there with a personality yet. The only reason I went there is because it was closer than the one off Sardis Road. But the Sardis location will get all my business from now on. I am very sure that they could care less about one disgruntled customer This place has improved so much. The people are way friendlier. They are nice and easy to talk to. Not rude at all. They are store is clean. The vegetables look fresher. I will start going to this store again.  healthy food. If you have a strict diet for any reason this store is your saving grace."  it is pricey and have entree's and sides and hot soup.  You can spend a fortune here but it is so good.  Even the small bakery section is yummy.  Fruits and veggies are really nice here I shop here every weekend.  Even though I feel as though Whole Foods has lost some of its original spunk since turning into a giant national chain it is still better than anyplace else to shop.  You will always find a nice selection of organic foods and groceries.  Nice wine and cheese selection.  Great prepared foods.  And they give you complimentary ice so your food doesn't spoil during the drive home before the A/C kicks in.  certainly a lot more elbow room than the one I use in NYC." The salad bar was just what we needed. It had a huge selection and almost everything in it was organic! The store itself was also huge compared to most of alternative grocery stores I have been to. It also seemed to feature much more organic produce. Whole foods is a bit pricey  and central location... I will be back to visit often wepFVY82q_tuDzG6lQjHWw  I am still looking for a Whole Foods that will blow me away..." Especially the one in Tempe" The quality and taste of the items in the prepared section was quite subpar to other whole foods." I hope they get the message and get better with the prepared foods." You guys better get a grip  I insist you step away from that enormous Costco Manchego and talk to the Whole Foods Cheese staff about your exotic dairy needs. Broaden your horizons!"  i.e. those toilet scrub sponges on a stick; hit or miss produce quality; terrible parking lot for maneuvering when it's full; and an over abundance of snotty customers.  Hardly anyone says ""excuse me"" when the want to get by (they just shove or tailgate me with their cart) wepFVY82q_tuDzG6lQjHWw Their prepared foods area is quite good but pricey. Make sure you don't go to get dinner when you're really hungry because it is REALLY easy to walk out with like $40 worth of food. Shopping here has taught me more about reading/understanding food labels  but they also have it available at the deli. The usual counter worker isn't that friendly which is a shame and always seems put out but that doesn't make the pizza any less tasty. You can get one of their ""surfboard"" pizzas which will feed 2 for 2-3 days with a couple of toppings with Daiya cheese for $15.99. This may be the best deal going at Whole Foods and make up for that $8 bar of dark chocolate you just bought." Thanks but no thanks."  I found a ranch in Arizona that makes monthly deliveries to the Valley and charges half of WFM without the middle man.  Sorry little piggies in your crates and chicks in your cages I love the large artisan selection of desserts!  I stop there whenever I can.  on this trip I found that many of the things I usually get or the variety I am used to was not present here.  [Sprouts won out again.]"  but they also give 10% off discount if your purchase is more than $30. Sorry Whole Foods... I like your other stores I wish they had more locations" "Wanted some sushi quick and fresh. Went here today and the wonderful lady making the sushi create my order in no time and exactly the way I ordered. Delicious - had salmon "They have the friendliest staff at this Whole Foods. They know me by name and always have samples ready for the little boy I nanny before we even walk up to the Deli counter. Maureen the checker  but I would pay more if I had the money and I do believe in good quality products within a reasonable price. We usually go there if we stay in Phoenix and not go to Tempe."  Whole Foods. Well done."  I stopped by this WF.  It seems a little darker that the others and space is limited  but it's worth it to come mid-week when I couldn't make it to the farmers market and see some solid local options. I'm giddy when they have a huge selection from Sunizona Farms. Since it's also 10 minutes from Arcadia  I really appreciate the fact that they support local business and stock their shelves with products that have some freaking integrity.  If it weren't so far from where I lived It's a Whole Foods. They are all the same! Which isn't a bad thing for Whole Foods considering the awesome food and product selection! I love this store!!! Everyone is happy and kind. So many other places you can go to get GOOD healthy food for less the price and be treated alot better"  it was delicious.  They also have some kale chips that are to die for.  The Tuscon Tamale Company sells frozen organic blue corn tamales in Whole Foods in the frozen food section.  They're delicious.  I did contact the Tuscon Tamale Company there are a bunch of cry babys if you cant not buy anything from whole foods dont shop there point blank go to walmart or smartshop i love this store they have the best meat and friut from our small frams i love it here its way cheaper then the whole foods nyc.....we should be proud we have this type supermarket  I also found Voodoo Donut Maple Bacon Rogue Ale. How could I turn it down? I used to frequent Whole Foods by Lincoln Center in NYC years ago and have spent my last years attempting to find another location that uses a machine to make honey peanut butter with no luck until today. Delicious  or thank you or Good Bye...it was very strange!!"  I spent almost 20 minutes just looking thru and reading all of their sunscreen products.  Even though I asked multiple questions during that time all of the clerks were very kind Whole foods is one of my favorite places to go for a salad bar. Its always clean and fresh. The staff at the store are always really friendly and helpful. Its always clean and I love all the samples they have out. Some stuff is pretty pricey. but the produce and lunch meat are always about the same as other stores maybe a little bit more but you get organic stuff! This used to be my favorite Whole Foods in the valley a couple of years back and had I reviewed it say 4 years ago-I would have definitely given it 5 stars . They did a major reshuffling of employees and it just hasn't been the same. Nothing specific-just a colder vibe and the cashiers are not as friendly. Like other reviewers have mentioned it is pricey so I have been just going for my staples and I grab a basket rather than a cart so I am in and out within 10 minutes. They even have Sweet Republic gelato and sorbet...Honey Lavender...help me!! MMM"  but considering the Fry's right down the street has great produce at better prices I'm not really sure what would send me to Whole Foods aside from perhaps a search for something esoteric.  Not really much different from the Whole Foods back home in Ohio I'll still be here anytime I need bulk fleur de sel or perhaps quality coffee in a pinch "I really had a hard time rating this.  The first Whole foods I went to was one of the few big showcase ones in Town Center in Las Vegas.  I happened to be shopping at Penzeys in the same shopping center and knew I had to pick up some veggies for the weekend somewhere.  I found the store to be cramped and crowded.  And the price  which has creepy gmo and processed mainstream foods everywhere." Oh well. I will find the item elsewhere and I won't be back. Every time I'm at Trader Joe's or Sprouts they are super helpful  I will not ever return to this store!" "I am always torn when I go to any whole foods.....because I know I am going to always spend more money than I want to. I mean don't get me wrong I don't have any misconceptions that Whole Foods is an Expensive market....however I still get caught up in buying something there. Example being last night when I wanted a bite to eat before heading to the symphony orchestra. This location is offering Turkey meatballs with your choice of a side....sauce....and toppings. So I had the Turkey Meatball plate with mashed potatoes and pesto sauce with mozzarella on top.....mmmmmm....sounds good right? However it cost me 7.99 plus tax....and since my wife had a salad along with 2 drinks we spent about 15 bucks. I absolutely don't like spending 15 bucks at a Grocery Store for a meal....but again that is not new for whole foods...LOL. However the reason I gave this location 3 stars is because the service here is always suspect....I mean you have to ask people for everything in the store.....no seems to want to help you which is very unusual for Whole Foods Markets. Also when I was ordering my food the young lady didn't seem to have any idea what I was talking about or how to make it....thankfully there was someone there to assist her or I think I would've had to make it myself....LOL!!!! Now I don't know if all this madness took place because it was a Saturday or it was during the evening hours etc.....but if they shore this issue up with customer service I may consider bringing my review up a notch. Eat Very small and crowded compared to other whole foods. Selection smaller but still very nice. I really love when they ask if you need your groceries iced for your drive.  It so thoughtful and SMART In the future I will stick to the Whole Foods on Mayo Blvd!" The coolest thing about this location is that there is a Trader J's and a Penzey Spices right in the same parking lot. Kinda like betting the Trifecta at the horse track and getting a trunk load of high quality yummies at the same time. To quote the infamous Charlie Sheen - WINNING!" Enter happy and leave disappointed."  blonde hair). He is terrible and gives Whole Foods a bad name. I will be going to the new one on Camelback from now on." ps. i'm super pumped for the new store that's opening on camelback next month! now i'll have a store within a mile of my house!" The staff is friendly and especially the meat counter guys.  They are quick and prompt to getting you the serivce you need."  old and dingy and in need of a serious makeover and cleaning ASAP.  I actually thought logistically where I wanted to live before moving here and to be close to a whole foods so this is a total bummer.  I now need to drive to the Scottsdale location and hope that location is better.  Please note I am also a stock holder!"  I like shopping here because it's a little bit less crazy most of the time. They don't carry all the stuff (and no food court or bar-haha) that the other store has  they have it.  I liked the world market section they have.  I bought some vegetarian chilli to try out at home.  Among other items I found are: Bulgarian yogurt I ONLY shop at whole foods but this location is the worst of the 4 locations that I've been to in the valley. It might be the oldest so the layout and even selection seems to be outdated. I rather go to the location on mayo or even better go out of my way to the new location in camelback. This long-time customer will be exclusively shopping (and dropping lots of cash) at Mayo from now on. I'm tired of wasting my time and breathing the fumes at Shea."  they have irresistible prices on fruit and veggies. There is almost never a line at checkout. Parking is convenient."  I would shop here more often. The produce is way too expensive and you have to look carefully at the berries to make sure they don't have mold (maybe if they lowered the prices  but just didn't seem to have as big a selection that I am use to.  Still great ***i heard from several including an employee friend of mine that after I left Juliana and her coworker Mikelyn Sierra were mocking me and laughing at me." "We were in a hurry and bought prepared food from there Saturday night January 31st. I ate pepperoni pizza and became violently ill. Stomach cramps and then lost everything on Sunday.  I am certain that this is stomach flu not only food poisoning.  I had stomach flu in college.  I know the difference.  Super bowl Sunday was ruined.  I have never eaten their prepared food. I never will eat or shop there at that location.  I am from Austin.  I know and like whole foods  Audry & Claudia Are rock stars!! Organic salad bar yumm & tons of grab & go food options.  I'm really loving the sandwich and pizza station today!! So many unique menu options!!"  but it's still a great go to grocery store for people in the Paradise Valley and Phoenix area." This whole foods is our favorite one in this area. It's smaller but they take care of you a lot more and if your locals they will remember you. Craig is our go to guy for delicious wraps and anything that is made by hand. Craig is the most amazing whole food worker. If you haven't experience true quality customer service come to this whole foods. He will show you how it is done by the book and go above and beyond. Love coming here for lunch. Great pizza and awesome beer. Super nice people and great prices for what it is and what you get.  expensive. Stopped here for breakfast while on a hockey trip (after two highly successful b'fast stops at different WF stores in Denver and Colorado Springs--another hockey trip).  Both of the previous were tasty  A+ smoothies with B+ service.  I would go here always if their prices weren't constiently above everyone else's."  your easy going awesomeness went a long way in making me feel welcome as a traveler! To you it was probably just nice This is a great neighborhood Wholefoods. Produce is always fresh and there's a great selection of locally made goodies. People working there are super friendly and helpful too. Happy I can even ride my bike there if I'm feeling really energetic!  otherwise the Whole Foods in Mayo is much better overall." "I had a great experience at the juice bar tonight.   A girl named Tori made me the BEST juice I've ever had.  In addition  barely acknowledge me being there. We all go to Fry's now  across the street because there customer service is always excellent and that's what we want. How hard is it to say ""Hello?"" ""Good Morning"" ""How are you? Its not. You lost all of business because we would rather go across to fry's and use there juice bar   SC. Maybe I expect better from a company that charges a lot for supposedly high-end food. Go to the one in Scottsdale Smallest whole foods ever I can't believe this place has half the stuff of a regular size whole foods.  this is a nice store with very friendly staff.  If it weren't for the prices they would definitely get four stars here." I really like this Whole Foods Market the best because of their wide range of fresh prepared foods I can pick up and take out. I'm on the go type of person and it's very convenient for me. I haven't had anything I didn't like. I also like the hot food bar so when I don't want to cook in the hot Arizona tempertures I don't have to! 