"I'm up in the air about how I feel regarding Emmert Dental. Being that it is located in Market Square can be both a good or bad thing. Parking is scarce not to mention you have to pay for it yet you have great restaurants and coffee places around you. The office itself is old and raggedy looking but the staff are young and hip. I think possibly a little too young and hip. My dentist knew what she was doing but I didn't adore her. I'm still working out my bill because they charged me too much on my copay and don't really seem to have all their info. together. After a cleaning and fillings  rude and have no clue what they're doing (behind the desk). I will not be going back nor will I have nice things to say about them."  he ripped the tooth out of the side of my jaw. I was literally ganging from all the blood running down the back of my throat. He then stuck some pink powder up in the extraction area. I'm assuming this was the bone graft.  I ended up with many stitches. I was given an antibiotic and instructed to schedule an appointment for the following Saturday so they could start the bridge. Then I was hit with a bill of $569.00! My insurance covers 100% of extractions.  I was in so much pain for 2 weeks following the extraction. Pain severe enough that I had to call off work and I couldn't sleep at night.  I refused to go back to Emmert Dental.  And after a visit to a very reputable dentist The worst dental office I ever been. No one can beat it!!! You should avoid it at any time.  I prefer the Settler's Ridge location. I came here for an emergency appointment and this was the only office that could squeeze me in. I arrived 15 minutes early and they called me back exactly at my appointment time. The assistant was so friendly and made me feel comfortable at all times. The doctor was also friendly and made a great effort to make sure I left satisfied. I was in and out in a matter of minutes and the service was great." I don't believe in going to a dental chain and I don't recommend anyone else goes either. I have read horrible articles about their pushy sales tactics and performing un-needed procedures which is what I would have experienced at Emmert had I not been smart enough to find a second opinion. There are better Or maybe I'm wrong. Maybe she's just disinterested in helping 30-year-old women in wheelchairs that offer to pay out of pocket." """i am really happy with my results!"" My treatment time was less than expected which pleased me greatly. Dr. Karnavas and her staff were great and I receive excellant care throughout the treatment. They monthly payments which were a great help for my budget. I would recommend Invisalign and Dr. Karnavas to anyone needing orthodontic treatment!! Being an adult seeking Orthodontic treatment I was pleased with how well the Invisalign worked ."  Dr. Karnavas was very good.The results of the treatment are wonderful!" Don't know what more I can say except there are probably 100 other dentists closer to my home (no exaggeration!)  but I will continue to be a satisfied patient of Dr. Hess."  I would have never put up with Diana and the rest of the rude staff for all the years I did.  I wouldn't recommend going here." He's as good as it gets!"  even if the teeth are healthy.  You can relive getting lectured by your parents as they talk about the finer points of proper brushing from your vulnerable position strapped in a chair.  Few survive getting a filling but it is rumored that the experience is as pleasant as hearing fingernails on a chalkboard.  They are very talented in manhandling delicate gum tissue and patients are guaranteed a sore mouth for the rest of the day.  Customer service is second to none.  The office has evening appointments and if you are fortunate to schedule one you will be offered a once in a life time opportunity to come in earlier.  However if you are not able to get off of work and have to decline coming in early do not be surprised to get a call back from the receptionist informing you that your evening appointment is canceled because something unexpected has come up.  They like to provide service the old fashioned way so do not expect any state of the art technology.  Yes this place is highly recommended  for those looking for crap dentistry." I had a very pleasant experience at this dental office.  Front office staff was friendly and helped me figure out my new insurance.  Had one filling done and it wasn't bad at all!  lady...it's life. I'm going to live it.  Relax a little."  and knowledgeable.  There's a reason DCD was voted one of the best workplaces in Madison several times - the staff is so helpful and nice.  I highly highly recommend them for any time you need a dentist!" So the next day on 3/24/16 I visited oak park dental. My hygenist there was very gental and understanding. She reassured me that plaque and tartar build up is very common and nothing to be ashamed of or grossed out about. The best part was when she told me that my entire mouth did not require a deep cleaning.  The dentist concurred. She also told me that I could get a regular cleaning only if thats what I wanted  even referring you to specialists as needed. The wonderful ladies at the front desk are great at working with you on payments and insurance."  but I don't dread going back (and I'm not worried when it's time  Ruth and Marnie and I absolutely love all of them! The previous review is correct. They all make you feel like part of their family. They aren't in a rush to get you out the door and Sharon and Kathy at the front do great with working out payment plans and scheduling. Wonderful atmosphere at this Dentist!! Very clean "Wow! I am amazed! I just had my tooth pulled today and my dentist called to check up on me. Who does that? This dentist  gentle and fun. I was in and out with two rear fillings and a filling for a crack in my front tooth in 30 minutes and I was comfortable the whole time. Dr. Adhikari was gentle  and don't push extra products on me. I've referred numerous new-Arizonians to this place." The office of Artist Dental is a top notch office and I would highly recommend it as your dentist office too."  decades. Artistic Dental is staffed by the finest group of professionals I've ever experienced as a patient. Dr. Dougherty is exceptional -- not only procedurally as a dentist but also as a person. He truly cares about his patients -- whether it involves treatment or explaining options and the origin of problems. He possesses that rare combination of being professionally sound and personally competent. The office staff is just as friendly I make the drive from Scottsdale to the biltmore just for this place. I've been loyal to them -- as they came in on a Friday night before I was leaving the country when I had a tooth emergency! Front office manager (Mary) is uber nice!!!  and that I had ""beautiful teeth"".  WOW. I owe a BIG thanks to Dr. Dougherty for these compliments. I highly recommend him and his staff."  insurance won't pay for another as it should last 10 yrs!"  professional and treated my mouth with ease while giving me a great cleaning. I saw Dr. Adhikari. She was great and made me feel like she had my best interest at heart. She took her time with me and made sure I was well informed about my teeth before she finished with me. You will be happy you chose this dental office." "Great dental office and staff! I have referred my entire family here! Even my relatives that are snow birds come in when they are in town! Dr. D and Dr. A are both wonderful dentists! My 8 year old son had four cavities  and painless. I am so happy with the work that was done and so glad I had Dr. Dougherty and another awesome dental assistant there to talk me through everything. FIVE STARS for Artistic Dental! I would (and already have started to) recommend this place to anyone looking for dental work or a regular dental office to get cleanings at." Thefront office staff willingly provides information on the best options for billing and scheduling. This place reminds me of my childhood dentist. Everyone is caring and passionate about their jobs."  quick and will fix what is bothering you. I experienced some pain after an extraction and when I called Y'all are amazing and I look forward to seeing you in 6 months!"  especially if you've let your smile ""slip"" from less-than ideal experiences with other practices." Chipped a front tooth tonight just before leaving on a trip tomorrow AM to San Francisco. Found Dr. Adhikari and she was able to take me at 7:00pm and perfectly fix the problem. Dr. Adhikari and staff are funny and friendly. I have found a new dentist and it's close to where I live! I will now be able to travel without looking like a hillbilly! Thanks Artistic Dental!  is great! She's always friendly and tries to help as much as possible. She's quite the small talker but keeps things interesting! She is knowledgeable and shows good medical judgement. I would highly recommend her to anyone in my family." "My tooth was badly infected after a visit here. $1  they didn't have record of the verification. The receptionists are ghetto.  It took an hour before my name was called. The tech taking X-rays had to retake several angle multiple times because she couldn't angle the bite guard properly (I just got out of braces so I have a perfectly functional bite). My previous dentist prescribed me a fluoride toothpaste because of white spots on my teeth due to braces (decalcification). The dentist at Western Dental refused to write a prescription for a fluoride toothpaste. Are you kidding me??? Fluoride!!!!??? I won't be going back."  it took him 2 hours even though it was only supposed to take 1 and he NEVER seemed rushed about it. He was patient through everything and was COMPLETLY thorough. I never have felt more at ease with a dentist. I was terrified of the dentist before this. I now would not go ANYWHERE else." As a Corporate Dental company they don't care about you as a patient!  They just want to make as much $$ as they possible can.  I used Western Dental as a quick fix for a cavity I needed filled. I didn't want to waste my PTO time so I went because I could go on a Saturday. They make you sign a contract for all work that they will perform. I needed to come back to have a filling re-filled.  I only paid for what I had done that first day. I ended up having to cancel the next appt. and told them I would reschedule. I then got a bill for the work that had yet to be done along with an additonal fee as a late payment and they said if I did not make this payment they would report this to the credit bureaus!"  painless and efficient extraction with bone graft (I researched this on the internet afterwards; he did exactly what was needed). I was quite pleased and there was no pressure to obligate myself. I'll be discussing the follow up with them when the time comes  I was skeptical because (1) the reviews here are hit and miss ... (2) personal acquaintance experiences and (3) I just prefer to spend at small businesses... but I knew I needed work and I knew I needed a business that (A) met my insurance requirements and (B) would work with my budget for a payment plan. The staff at this office exceeded my expectations!! From the initial greeting  even though the office was open over 2 more hours.  We had several choices for this at 9am but at 2pm on a Saturday they are now very limited and Monday is a loongg time away.  Time we can't recover. The dentist was in over his head and too chicken to have a conversation with me about the circumstances Very disappointed in the oral surgeon there.  Some man prescribed me a salt water gargle and iboprufen for my swollen freaking gums with a 10/10 pain. This was the answer he gave me after the THREE TIMES OF ASKING!!  If I wanted to be told this I could've asked my grandma for goodness sakes! Who let's their patient walk out with some medieval ways of treating pain and discomfort. After 5 long months Western Dental has finally come to the conclusion that despite their lack of competence the are still entitled to my money. I'm not sure if Dr. McGuire or his techs are to blame for my treatment not working. I now have to start my treatment over somewhere else and pay more. These people clearly do not care about their patients which is why they market to lower income households Truly great staff I received my dentures today and truly feel blessed by this team of professionals. I'm in a great deal of pain however have a wonderful new smile.   I had 17 teeth exstracted  and Dr. Rakeesh maneged my pain very well.  The Dental asistant staff  has been awesome.  I unfortaunatly recieved dentures  early in my life  however  they have made this experience  smooth.  The dental asistsnt staff are wonderful caring people  and deserve  good praise for their work.  I currently am dealing with getting used to my dentures however the staff has been wonder in asnwering my questions (there have been a lot) and treating me with respect.  I dont know about any others experience  by mine has been WONDERFUL.  The treatment and dealing with dentures was stressfull  but the client centered care before  the procedure and the constant reashuring that my treatment is going as planned.  The recovery both phsyically and emoitonallty has been ROUGH. However the staff at Western Dental has been wonderful. THANK YOU!! My smile keeps getting better and better just went in for my 2nd adjustment the staff is truly talented and have done a wonderful job of restoring my smile.   They get me me in and make me feel welcome and I leave on time. This place is truly the place to go STAY AWAY FROM WESTERN DENTAL PEOPLE!!!!!! THEY ARE NO GOOD AND SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN!!!!!"  can't never be seen on time. Had an appointment @10:30 and didn't get seen til 12 got out at 1 pm and they can't even apologize. The receptionists are very unprofessional." I write this review in part because I was amazed at no one had wrote one before- especially consider all the folks that I know that go to this office."  clean modern office and nice staff... And a nice view of Camelback mountain. I'm new to the valley  and they do all they can do to help you obtain a healthy mouth and a good outcome.  I recommend Dr. Belden and his staff to anyone who is looking for a great dentist!  Smile!" Simply the best dentist I have ever had in my life!  The whole office staff is excellent as well.  No other dental office I would ever go to.  (And I've been with him since he bought the practice quite a few years ago.)  why the 4 stars? I can't knock how thorough this office is. I just wish they would have told me ahead of time Another big thing is the wait time. Talk about nada. When you're appointment is at 3 p.m. I am just so pleased with the cleaning and service I received.  I will recommend All Smiles Dental to anybody!"  so I don't think its really a kids kinda place. Even more reason for me to go."  I guess I'm just livid that I received a threatening letter in the mail saying that I had been disregarding my bills for months now and would have to pay in full.  IT WAS THE FIRST SUCH BILL I HAD RECEIVED! When I called the office they said they do the ""best they can"" in scheduling appointments so that the insurance covers it but there are over 1100 insurance companies and they are ""not perfect"".  Funny  I just asked her to verify the pricing with the insurance.  She said she would call and then call me later that afternoon.  I've still never received a follow-up from her.  I did however receive an estimate from my insurance in the mail yesterday... and sure enough I was right. She was almost $500 off (not in my favor).  I'm guessing that when she found out she was wrong Thank you Tish! I hope you stay around in the office for awhile." I had the best cleaning I have EVER had here. Your mouth will probably be sore for a day or so but it's worth it."  the billing team great and the experience really relaxing (as relaxing as having your teeth drilled on can be). I had an extensive cavity refilled (previous work done by another dentist). I have had a few cavities filled and I have never been properly numbed. I was completely numb when Dr. Smith started work and felt a slight twing when he started drilling more extensively. He immediately stopped and administered another shot. After that I did not feel a thing. They got be out in time to drive to work. We really like this dentist and recommend him to everyone!" Today was my first visit to All Smiles. Aubrey was fantastic! She told me more about my teeth than anyone ever has and she is fixing them too. I will be back in two weeks so Dr. Smith can repair a bad cavity repair from the past. The support staff was very friendly! I recommend this dental practice to everyone!! Dr. Vo is great -- very friendly and knowledgeable.  His assistant are also great.  honest and truly care about their patients. I highly recommend Saguara Dental."  he is hands down one of the best dentists I've ever been to. All of his assistants are super nice as well. If you need a great dentist definitely give him a call :-)"  informative and light handed dentist. Finally my search is over. Dr. Vo is amazing I defiantly recommend him to anyone looking for a great dentist with fair pricing." Dr Vo is very gentle and talks through the process of what he is working on to make you feel comfortable.  He answered all of my questions and put me at ease-  I've been going to him for about a year now and I am so glad I am.  I would highly recommend his practice! A professional hands down!" Dr Vo is an outstanding dentist. His attention to detail and customer service is amazing. He makes even the scariest situation seem easy. He removed extra dense bone from the roof of my mouth that no other dentist new how to handle. I am so grateful for his expertise and kindness. I have been going to Dr Vu for over 5 years and wouldn't go anywhere else. He has amazing bed side manners and is a perfectionist with his skills. I recommend all my friends to him and they all love him. The staff is always friendly and inviting. And the office is state of the art.  very friendly and down to earth! He took time with each of us to talk about any problems we might be having and gave practical solutions. The hygienists were amazing - they were so nice and patient! I think that I had the best by far - there has never been a time that I have enjoyed going to the dentist  Melissa asked if I knew about a new development in Scottsdale that is supposed to have fountains in the future.  i didn't know about it It's nice when an establishment still stays classy even when they lose your business. I wish circumstances were different and I was able to still see Dr. Choules. I will definitely return if my carrier changes again!"  I finally faced up to it. My experience with Dr Choules and his staff was very pleasant and professional"  and the $50 take home bleaching kit offer with a Yelp check in can't be beat! :D"  even though I don't have dental insurance. Big bonus." "I've been coming here since I got my braces on 15 years ago and have recommended it to many people. The staff is so friendly and the dental hygienists do a great job. I've had all sorts of dental work here and they have made every experience a positive one. They listen and answer all questions I may have and they make sure that I am comfortable throughout the appointment. As long as I am in Phoenix Absolutely incredible. Patient-driven. Friendly. They were amazing! I scheduled an appointment due to problems with retainers I had made out of state. Crystal fixed them within minutes. It was an entirely painless process.  they even sent J a letter thanking him for entrusting them with his family and included a pass to BearArizona.  How awesome is that!?   Great staff.  Great dentist!"  and she is an absolutely amazing hygienist.  We always had something funny and fun to talk about with each other which is not an easy task when your mouth is open and your having your teeth cleaned! She always makes sure your comfortable an not in any pain.  She also checked things and gave me some helpful tips that I had never heard about in my life.  She's the best!"  but still) and my appointments have started exactly on time. I made it very clear I needed to be out in an hour to make it to work on time one day and they happily worked with my schedule. I'd be quick to recommend this group."  traditional bed side manner and humor. if you like a traditional no non-sense thorough dentist without all the fluff then you should check him out. his hygienists are diligent careful and educated." Great dentist!! I left my old dentist for very bad reasons and am so glad I tried this place. I've just gone for cleanings but they make you feel very comfortable. The entire staff is great and very friendly. I learned most of the staff is tenured which doesn't surprise me. It's a great atmosphere even for a dentist office and I would highly recommend them! My only complaint would be for covered parking :) I went here due to the Yelp reviews and I am glad I did. Not only was everyone super nice and polite but the dentist is actually pretty funny and very good at what he does. He explained everything that he was doing to keep me informed on what was going on. The hygienist was great as well. I will be back in a few short weeks for a cleaning and I know that I will be well taken care of.  and gave me great advice for stopping some decay from turning into a full blown cavity. Both she and Dr. Choules were very gentle when it came to placement of those uncomfortable x-Ray cardboard pieces "We love this dentist office! I have had very bad luck and experiences with dentists and hygienists and this office made me feel comfortable. They are very knowledgeable if you have any questions and we've actually referred multiple people here for procedures like root canals "my 2 yr old granddaughter was restrained without her mother's permission to put a cap back on her molar. Twenty five minutes had passed since the assistant took the baby back... so I asked where she was and was told she was in the xray room... She was finally brought out and her face was beat red and she was all sweaty and still sobbing.. the assistant admitted that they had her in a ""quiet room"" instead they should have brought me or mom to calm her down. The baby kept telling me that ""they"" tied her down and gave her a boo boo. We will be filing a complaint with the american dental association. ..."  very professional and helped ease my nervous children to becoming calm about having their cavities filled.  I could not believe how good and patient he was with the children.  Thank you so much for helping my children with their dental care Kidz Connextion!"  and the office looked so kid friendly.  The whole experience really helped my 3 children feel comfortable going to the dentist.  I certainly would recommend them to my friends and family." And when they try again one of those animals told him "" if u do it again u will clean the mess"" . they are lucky he just told me until now after months"  and had to walk out at least 3 times to look at them as I kept asking questions. The management has been HORRIBLE in dealing with an insurance issue I have been having. Not returning calls and being extremely uncooperative when I do get them on the phone. The only thing that gives this place even 1 star is the dental assistants 