They even have a climbing wall (at least the one at South Park mall does)."  the clothing and shelves are really packed in - I got a little claustrophobic walking through and browsing the men's section." It is a good alternative to BassPro and a much shorter drive for me. The selections are a bit limited but for the most part I can find what I need. Since they have renovated the store their hunting supplies have increased a little but would like to see a bit more. Wide aisles and good choices. Checkout is as organized and quick as it can be. No complaints." Pissed of Morrison Family YMCA Soccer Dad" I wish there were other options of stores similar to them in the area." "Never had a problem with this location; I'm not usually in there very long except to get some tennis balls and make some socks.  In and out in 15 minutes or less Nice store and plenty of parking spaces. Good selection of items. I love to get workout stuff and they have good options of Panthers stuff. -supports local sports teams and school with sports equipment"  I was just a tab bit nervous being around so much ammunition but I'm just not used to this type of setting. But they do have a huge selection of things so if you're in the firearm market  the employees were happy to start from square one and teach me everything I needed to know.  They were all so friendly and extremely knowledgeable.  This store is HUGE and they are very well staffed.  I was greeted and taken care of as soon as I walked in the door even though it seemed to be pretty busy.  While I'm not exactly a gun enthusiast gR_Xp2i0M5iR-Ht7EipWqg The place is almost ALWAYS packed (even on Black Friday...when they don't offer any discounts sales) and what I admire is how the salespeople take their time with each customer no matter how busy it is.  The fact the customers all wait patiently and don't get mad...now that's loyalty." gR_Xp2i0M5iR-Ht7EipWqg The staff is very helpful and were more than patient to point out where stuff was in the large shop and provide expert recommendations. They have a great selection of all of the stuff I wanted I've been to several other shops who are very friendly and have much better prices." "Great selection and don't be fooled by the prices because they haggle and you can get a very competitive deal there. If you don't like to haggle then check out their website for their online deals. That is where you find the usual rock-bottom pricing for the firearms they carry. I'm like a kid in a candy store when I go to Hyatt's. It's located in the hood but don't let that stop you. Once inside you will feel very safe as every employee is carrying heat! Don't have a gun? Go there! Don't want a gun? Good Excellent selection and extremely knowledgable staff.  Make sure you check the web site prices vs. the in store price.  I went to buy a Lasermax center fire for my LC9 which I purchased a couple of months earlier at Hyatts.  The in store price was 50% above the web price.  Ultimately they honored the web price but I had to prove it to them. Thanks Larry and the Hyatt Team" 3.) They charge a BS fee when you use your credit card to pay."   but that is the case with everything right? So I went home and shopped online and found the same items at 25-30% lower price. I suspect Hyatt has a big staff and carries a lot of overhead but you get that expertise as a customer. I can order all my items on-line but there's a certain amount of compensation I owe Hyatt for their great service. So - just know that they cost a little more but you can't beat the selection or the service and that is worth a lot these days."  I've had a few ""firsthand customer experiences"" at Hyatt's.  I just couldn't buy anything there because it was all too bloody expensive!  Use the internet or drive over to Matthews and go to Fire Power.  It will be worth it!" If a store is this dishonest about this- what else would they be dishonest about?" My boyfriend seemed impressed with the amount of guns & gun related items.  I was impressed with the sheer amount of people in the store and the number of employees who asked if we needed anything."  don't blame the gun store or its employees for suggesting a common sense thought.  You may come to regret doing so in the future." My shotgun (870 express) was having trouble getting the last shell to chamber properly.  I took it in and on the spot they identified the problem (worn out spring) and had the replacement part in stock.  For $10 and 20 min of my time my gun is working properly now.  Very happy with my experience with Hyatt and I will return.  east of the Mississippi river.   And the level of service is unmatched.   There are several ""experienced"" gunsmiths on duty every day and if you need something fixed "First experience with Hyatt Guns today. I hit three local gun shops looking to sell a shotgun and purchase a new one. Out of all the shops Hyatt offered me the least amount of money for my used firearm and the prices at this place are just plain outrageous "Well run business.  Larry is a good honest owner and is always available if needed.  Heck he even answers the main phone line.  Great selection and I had many great encounters over the years.  Thanks guys!   Also Great place to do business. Very helpful  and trained employees. Was helped as soon as i walked in. Told the guy what i wanted to pay and what is was for and he hooked me up. He walked me through how to operate the gun and how to take care of it. The whole transaction was painless.  or palmetto just to name a few and your jaws will drop at the difference in prices. I really feel sorry for those who continue to buy from here. Sure they can have good customer service some times and that's what wins the sale "I've never been overly impressed with Hyatt. I first heard of it when they gained notoriety for selling $1mil worth of sales in one day in the days after Newtown.  It's in a not so nice area of Charlotte (thankfully they're aren't many) and the prices are high. If your local The shop is not super fancy like others but I made my choice to purchase my Beretta PX4 Storm and FNX9MM today from here because the prices were awesome in comparison. The customer service tipped the scales and the amount of knowledge on the handguns was incredible. Honest older mature crowd and all staff is friendly and very helpful.. I am glad I went here. Thank you Dick  I look foward to meeting again for the concealed claases!" I had a great experience at Hyatt. I came in looking for a 9mm and they had a great sale on handguns. Steve quickly helped me even though the story was completely packed. He allowed me to hold as many guns I wanted until I felt comfortable with my purchase. He was very knowledge about brands and features that would be best for me. I will definitely be back for my next purchase ! I've been to Hyatt's several times as I like to do a lot of homework before making any purchases.  I've never received anything except terrific service.  Hyatt's staff really wants to help their customers make a well-informed decision.  Great selection and fair prices on guns too!  I'd recommend.. Hyatt is already the biggest gun shop in the United States. There's a reason that I think that they're also the best." gR_Xp2i0M5iR-Ht7EipWqg Bought a .380 Glock here the other day. Had a good experience overall. It took awhile to get someone to help me but the place was busy. Price on the gun was $399 which was a good deal. I've been here several times and my parents have purchased all their guns here as well.  2 purchased from hyatts and I've always been satisfied. Best selection in the area by far. I took a star off based on the fact that they truly are more expensive in comparison to other gun stores and they give you practically nothing for trade ins but overall 4 stars for customer service and selection."  it gets crowded but still worth it because it is the biggest around."  I would not recommend them." This particular location is in the shopping area across from SouthPark Mall I'm very satisfied with my experience with them."  Jessie Brown's always has it or at least something comparable. Love coming to this local shop!" Go to Jesse Brown's. Support local business. And who knows what treasure you might dig up?" Premium quality outdoor gear and apparel. Trout angler's heaven. Pricey. Great locally owned store that specializes in all sorts of outdoor gear.  They are very helpful and will be happy to assist you if you need a special order for anything. They also have a great fly fishing selection if you're looking for that." 2 stars because of proximity"  but unfortunately they've chosen to mistreat their customer. Let me first start by saying I have shopped here for all 26 years I have been in Charlotte. I have spent thousands of dollars at this store. I was told I would receive 15% off my entire purchase for buying 3 pairs of socks. I asked if this applied to by boots purchase Bonus- nobody is here so parking is a breeze."  this shopping center has been pretty eerie to visit since Walmart and BestBuy has since relocated.  It doesn't seem that busy A little expensive and they didn't have any sweat pants with the elastic at the bottom. It is a pretty big store with a wide variety of sport related stuff. I'm a return customer many times. Definitely check out Champaign Surplus.  They rule!"  and even though the boots were scuffed (I thought I was careful) they gave me a credit.  They have my business (after 30 years of shopping there) and they will continue to.  This is why we should all shop locally.  Service like this won't be found at a chain store or online." gtBLo6tkIsU-OlUegS5RzQ I only knocked off a single star because - presumably due to the small size of the store - I have had the occasional problem getting the right size. It's a minor problem  it just keeps going and going and it's packed full of great stuff. They have the biggest selection of Keen shoes and Smartwool socks that I've seen in Champaign-Urbana." My only complaint is what they don't have: a very good library re: local options to hike/canoe/etc. or an electronic kiosk or something along those lines. I had a bunch of questions about local places to go and they weren't able to give me much help. The employees wanted to help "This is for sure the best place to go for your outdoor/winter clothes needs. They have a nice selection of stuff and the prices seem just about right. Their camping and sporting stuff is pretty aweosme too. I also really like the back end of the store with the actual army/navy surplus stuff (racial discrimination) If you don't look like a typical person from Champaign  the less said about that the better.  But then army surplus places always creep me out a little with a militia member vibe." "This is a nice store: lots of great brands and selection.  Prices reflect the good brands -- don't expect a bargain. The real downside for me as a plus-sized shopper is that they don't carry anything for women in plus-sizes and have a very limited selection of men's things 2x.  I was also hoping that as a surplus store they'd carry more gear. They have some Hubby found a cute cap here for our upcoming cold-weather trip." Good quality and good service once you find someone to help. "For our area this is a good military surplus store. You need to walk to the far back to see what they have to offer. They carry abig line of domestic & international military clothing & gear. They also carry fort knox & alpha jackets and coats. They are type of the line clothing for the field and casual use.They also have a big line of camping equipment Went there today. Good service and some good tips. thought it was very pricey pricey and not enough bargains...quality stuff at big prices On the internet there are no blank stares..."  I was pleasantly surprised to discover that Champaign Surplus sells high-end outdoorsy products in addition to military surplus items.  This store is always well-stocked and well-staffed."  and if the person you're asking doesn't know something they know who to ask (go on weekends if you're looking for the hard-core grizzled mountain men type guys who know all the knots in the world and how to arm wrestle a bear)."  and Marmot gear in every color imaginable than I think I've seen in most other sporting goods stores.  While many of their items are out of the price range of a penny-pinching college student "A fantastic local supply store for explorers and outdoor adventurers. The extent of their offerings is immense and impressive as this is the companies only location. Since the main content is all about presenting an unparalleled quality  don't come here expecting actual military surplus. They have very little of this kind of stuff.....think of them more like an outdoor supplies store. They charge extra for bags so don't forget to bring your own!" "I've been shopping at Champaign Surplus since 1969. Yesterday I took in a pair of fairly expensive Wigwam socks which after three washings had a hole along the toe seam from defective stitching. When I asked to exchange them  they do not sell fishing licenses. I had to go to Big 5 to score one." "Absolutely THE  BEST fishing store in Arizona!!!  They are the only store that has saltwater fishing gear and supplies.  They also have a wide assortment of fresh water fishing equipment and the guys who work there really know what they're talking about - they can advise you on everything from fishing in Alaska  and a pretty good selection of terminal and soft baits.  The best thing about this shop is the old school vibe.  There are usually a few older guys sitting up front I hope Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated invites me to join him when he's ready to use that certificate!" best fishing shop I have ever been to!  They were making elk sausage that one of the worker had taken this year and instead of just eating it in front of me they loaded me a huge bowl and some gravy and a biscuit and said enjoy.  It was the laast biscuit and it was for the owner but they gave it to me instead. I sat down and ate it and BS'd with the fly fishing expert a pro fisherman and a worker and laughed so hard i almost wet myself.  They have anything you need and will find it if you have some off the wall request.  highly recommend this place. They are located next to Rochelle's spa and salon and www.ClarityChiro.com other great local businesses too. Awesome all around. These guys know their stuff and are willing share all types of wisdom. Great selection and very competitive pricing. Highly recommend this spot over the big stores.  stopped by to have some line put on a couple of reels and to my surprise Goudy is still running the shop and it's still the place to go for freshwater or saltwater supplies!  The guys there went out of their way to ensure my reels were done right.  They unspooled the old mono and spectra and respooled it all to make sure it was tight and uniform.  It'll be the last time I go to bass pro for anything." Great place. Great service. Lou and Gaodi took good care of me and gave me everything I needed to start fishing again. Heading to Bartlett lake to catch bass.back to buy my next fishing rod from them for my next trip to California. I especially like their selection of hooks and bait. They had the fresh worms that I needed to go fishing. It is also good to know that they have a rod and reel repair service on premise.  the owners are very friendly. Always happy to share technique/locations go check them out. Every time I went they would take a discount on the items I bought a whole setup and they cut me a great deal. I already told my friends about it and will definitely be returning - LOVE THIS PLACE." The company direction has moved away from guns it seemed over the yrs. I'll be searching elsewhere to purchase used guns."  he allowed me to browse around freely and take my time to look at the tripods on display. He then answered all my questions and even let me to try few tripod heads options. I end up buying tall tripod with all the bells and whistles. Today I stop by to have them install the adapter on my 15X56 Swarovski binoculars when I had a pleasure to meet the owner Cody Nelson. He personally greeted me and ask about my visit to his store. I let him know how Jake went above and beyond my expectations with my purchase. He shared some great hunting tips with me as well. Can't wait to go back and get more stuff here. They are awesome and value customer service."  but AHS is great.  And definitely worth a visit."  there was Arizona Hiking Shack. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. They are very good at fitting their customers with the right gear. They make every effort to be sure that you have what you need and are prepared for your hike b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA  as they close earlier than larger retailers."  he explained to me why X shoe would be better for than Y shoe as well as helped me understand for the first time why i need an orthotic insert.  my feet are feeling GREAT!  i am so happy with them  go here!  Your choices are somewhat limited but they'll do their best to find something that works for you!" Patient and knowledgable folks who clearly love and use these products. They cherry-pick selections so you don't have to. Go here first and support local business. NOTE- After 40 years they are not on Cave Creek anymore. They moved down to Thomas."  they sell EVERYTHING you need for the outdoors except bikes. tons of rock climbing and mountaineering goods!" Very helpful. Knew exactly what I needed (a grappling hook) and pointed me in the right direction. I will use them again. Very nice.  kayaking and hiking/climbing equipment and attire. They have a huge selection of books and maps and their customer associates are knowledgeable and friendly who are also outdoor enthusiasts A nice shop with a silly policy. This shop seemed like a nice find but I had a bad experience. I went in to rent a climbing harness for a few days. I was charged $52. To a neophyte like me this seemed like a good deal but it would have been nice if the worker had told me that they sell better harnesses than the one I rented for less than the rental charge. When I went to return the harness I suggested that instead of being charged for the rental I buy a harness plus a locking carabiner and an ATC. They declined my offer and so I will be taking my business to REI in the future.  don't kid yourself and trust on-line salespeople and purchases.  Don't wander into REI. Instead "Excellent experience. My son is a new boy scout and in need of back packing gear. Judd was terrific. Patient with our questions and he had my son try on different packs and then loaded them with weight. Of the packs we looked at Stopped in to browse & was saying what a great store they had.  I hike often & have horses so I could have spent a lot of $ there. Have a friend looking for a kayak & asked a simple question about the used kayaks @ the front  ... The sales guy gave me a very condescending answer & chuckled. I will never go back & will spread the word!!   Thx  while still being ""in line"" to purchase boots. Maybe if the attendant said ""I will come find you when we're done"" or take a number."  every piece of hiking/climbing/backpacking gear I own is from this shop  glad you are still here !"  but be prepared to pay the price for it. If you're a serious outdoors enthusiast it may be worth it I was searching for a pair of Costa Sunglasses and located the Arizona Hiking Shack via Costa. These Amazing sunglasses are hard to find in Phoenix. Their selection of technical clothing was also impressive. True specialty shops are a rare find these days. I intend on supporting these professionals! Very friendly staff but not the best selection of gear and the price aren't the best. There are  better stores. I can't say enough about the quality of the staff... The best!" "Amazing this place stays in business given the owner's lack of customer service. I went in today looking for an Imlay Canyonero rope. After waiting around ~10 minutes the owner came to help me. He showed me an Imlay rope and I said ""that's a Canyonfire"" to which he replied ""I have no idea."" Then he started telling me about the differences between nylon and polyester rope and that the Canyonero is not a good rope for getting wet. I said I need the Canyonero it's the rope I want and it was designed to get wet. He left  biking and everything to do with trails b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA Well stocked hiking store with an interested I got greeted immediately when I walked into the store! The man helped me with exactly what I needed and exactly what I was looking for. He was very knowledgeable with his product! I really appreciate the great service and how genuine he was when he help me out today! I will be back for sure! Everyone here was pretty helpful and knowledgeable about hiking trails. Would definitely come back here to rent or buy equipment. Thank you so much! I look forward to breaking-in my new Scarpas!" They don't open until 10am though so don't show up too early!"  super friendly super knowledgeable and really love what they do. They have a great amount of options for gear and although they are a little on the pricey side I'd much rather support a local business where you have knowledge sales people who are really passionate about what they do." After looking at rei and champs we stumbled on this place on a hunch to get hiking boots. We were not only surprised by the help but they supplied us with routes and just genuine help.. These guys are great and I'd highly recommend anyone who is serious about hikingor outdoor activities to go here. Cheaper rental rates and overall amazing support.. These guys don't just work here they love the outdoors as well.. You won't regret going here..  thought I was going to get some hiking boots for a Oregon trip and didn't know much about them. After going to Rei and another sporting goods store we found this on a whim and got not only amazing boots which I'm grateful for but got a great place for information and service. They not only explained the boots but offered maps to hike in the area and gave their full attention to us the entire time with no hassles. We also rent a tent from this location which they showed how it worked and answered all of our questions. Very cool place Incredible product selection if camping/hiking/being outside is your thing. Over the moon smart employees who really know their stuff. The team is there to help you  friendly and fun staff. Places like this make me love and want to support small business. If they do not have it Great place to get gear.  40 plus years of rope rescue and spending long periods of time in the mountains. You will be steered to the right gear for the best price.  helpful and beyond patient. Very relaxed vibe when you walk in. Not at all intimidating. I rented hiking poles two weeks ago. The rental price was incredibly affordable. Unfortunately  how heavy a pack do I carry and where did I intend to use the new shoes along with a variety of ther questions. He recommended an OBOZ shoe (which was not one of my options at the time). He even provided me with the sock I was to use. He measured my foot and found I was a size 8.5 instead of 8. After trying them on and changing the lacing to accommodate my heel I loved the shoe and bought it on the spot. He did provide another shoe to try to see if it was better but it was not. I have been hiking in the new shoe and I could not be happier." I wait here to rent a backpack for a weekend hiking trip and they were so helpful. They get you the right size tell you where to pack things and even give tips for whatever hike you were doing. Dano and Jack helped me safe my life. Long story.... next time I need saving again I will so totally find them wherever they are on this planet that's how amazing they are keep up the good work men you turn me into a badass survivalist woman. The staff is very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about skiing. Considering we're in Phoenix  I wish they had a bigger selection of larger-size men's gloves. It took a few minutes to dig out a pair of XLs that I liked. Most of the gloves were in the S to M size range. Looked like they had a good selection of skis/boots/etc... Staff was very friendly and helpful."  nice tune & wax.  Been coming here for a few years." I get my skis worked on here regularly.  They do a great job and always friendly and helpful.   My buddy bought some boots and took them back a couple times for fitting adjustments (normal when you get good boots) and they worked with him until they were perfect.  Quality shop for sure.  once I ride these I will be in a good position to make a decision on which skis I want to buy  so I know good advice when I hear it -- and I appreciate it when the salesman convinces me NOT to spend more money than I need to. (Bonus points for spending so much time with my feet on a 90-degree day... patience of a saint.) Best of all super nice guys and very helpful. nice shop too with tons of options  they knew what they were talking about (which is great because I did not) and they were nice guys. I'd happily spend my money here any day. Thanks This place is a far cry from what it used to be. It used to be a lot bigger with much more selection. I walked in and the store looked half empty. The selection was dreadful. A few things here and there but nothing really like the other shops in town. I mean I know it's Phoenix but there are much better choices out there. Save yourself a trip and go to ski pro.  even if it's just to buy a pair of snowboarding socks and say hi to these guys. They treat you like family. I highly recommend them." 