"This paddle sport supply store is stocked to the rafters with a staggering selection of everything you could possibly ever need to get your crazy paddle on.  Owners  I would suggest you consider other stores in the Madison area. I frequent several other stores that have excellent follow-through and place greater emphasis on customer satisfaction." One word of warning - you will want to buy something I will definitely come back - we are looking at another purchase for my wife." Great place to rent kayaks for a little bit of exercise and sun... Stopped here on my way up north and picked up a paddleboard. Staff was super attentive and knowledgeable while helping me get correct board for my size. I will definitely go back. cBZ4iVkTtTEsHfezroc8hg  and I'm eying a pair from a company based in Denver that uses 95% recycled material to make a Cadillac-like kick. If you're not up for the investment I often like to gauge a business by the happiness of its employees and when I talk with them about working at Rutabaga  and SUPs for half days and full days. The only way its worth the money is going all day. Multiple people acted really rude. They treat you like an idiot. We got there at like 5 at night and acted like they were pissed they had to do work and help people. Tons of paper work to fill out. Don't park in there parking lot or they tell you to move onto the street when theres no one in there parking lot. The front seat on the canoe was very narrow if you were a big dude you would be really umcomftable. They did have the fabric seats compared to metal seats  staff is friendly and knowledgeable. They connected us with guides for our Apostle Islands trip and we had a great time! Thank you :)" I wasted 5 hours of my Life and a 1/2 tank of gas which was $20 just to be lied to and disrespected. That's Not living life and I would have hoped a company that sells goods in the field of Enjoying Life would hire people who have that passion and respect for their customers." "Excellent service and helpful staff.  Just awesome that you have the opportunity to ""test paddle"" in the little lagoon behind the store.  Today Ian was super patient in teaching us how to mount our kayaks on the car" 