I have been remodeling my home and have used this location to buy all my paint. I cant say enough good things about the customer service I have received here. Ty especially has been a real pleasure to work with. He knows his product inside and out and has gone up and beyond to help me. Highly recommend!  the store manager is a super star!  We needed to match a paint and the only thing we could find was an air register that was painted.  We brought it in to the store and she was able to match the color.  After we got home  but don't leave me standing here in front of you to listen to your conversation. I'm the customer standing here ready to make a purchase. After enjoying her phone conversation GO Sherwin Williams!  Don't waste your time at Dunn-Edwards.  Their customer service is at best spotty and uninformed...at worst  I found the paint was the wrong color. They made no attempt to help in the suituation. I basically spent triple the amount of money on this paint only to have them point fingers at the carpenter. I'll go elsewhere next time and so should my carpenter." I was told I'd be waiting 45 minutes for my paint this morning. It arrived in 15."  they got it wrong. Had to go back again today and have them remake it. Waited over an hour to get one gallon of paint mixed. I like the quality of the paint I just left the paint store and I'm literally still sitting in the parking lot because I'm so P-o'd . I went in there with a chip of paint and told them I needed a paint match. The guy said they could do it and I expressed to them that it had a hint of purple in the paint at my home I just picked up the paint and it is not even close to being the same color he would not help me out. Basically told me I was S out of luck. I will never go back there again the guy was a complete arrogant you know what. Now I have a paint color that doesn't match anything in my home and I cannot use it. Reading through the reviews I see that the same problem has occurred to other people. I would go anywhere but here from now on and I used to go there quite a bit. I wish there was an option to get zero stars but the guy that help me this morning was nice. Very unfortunate customer service.  Apparently it is not their policy to accept returns on unopened paint.  This was not a custom mix either.  So now we have a $50.00 can of unused paint.  Crummy. Super friendly store & excellent service. Kimberly was so nice to work with. Pleasant & made good recommendations. Patient team & timely turnaround. Would absolutely come back!!  I paid and a few minutes later I was out of there with my paint. Very impressed with their quick and courtesy service." Everyone is so friendly here! Can't say the same of the lady who works at Bell and 35th. Everyone at this location was kind and helpful.  bought the rig and we're on my way. My man went to Dunn Edwards because they opened at 8. At 9:05 (Sherwin Williams opens at 9) we have our rig and ready to go at Sherwin." 