 I haven't tried anything I didn't like and we even took new comers there for a joint summit between mine and my boyfriend's families and every one was pleased.  I would also say the attire is not dressy Super friendly service although not American style waitering.  There is generally a head waiter who is also the host.  They will seat you and take your order.  After that "i went here for lunch because of the great reviews i saw on yelp. i had the buffet since it was one of my first times having authentic indian food. the food was very flavorful  and the food was delicious (if not quite as fabulous as Woodlands). I prefer to go to Maharani when there's a buffet  but it wasn't as thick and saucy as i like. The salad was just so-so. The Naan were all amazing. Definitely the highlight." We will be going back when we get cravings for Indian AND spicy food!" I've had curry and vindaloo but I've never really had Indian food beyond that and I never been to an Indian restaurant. All I have to say is I'm going nvm because now I have to eat one of everything on their menu. It was delightful. The ambiance Id perfect and the experience is one that feels authentic. I'm definitely coming back this restaurant for more Indian food. We have been ordering take out for years from Maharani. They food is good and they always have it ready with the order correct. We go for convenience but also for quality food.  i just dont know.  I think as a takeout it would be ok.   it is probably actually a 2.5 but more of a two reaching for a three than a three sliding.    food itself was probably a 3.5" I travel to CLT fairly regular on business. Went here with some co-workers and was disapponted. Waitstaff was not helpful with the menu. The food was mediocre at best. Had the paneer appetizer and it tasted like they were trying to make a McNugget with cheese. Sauces were tasty but now I wonder if they came from a can. If you really want great Indian food... Go to Copper. If you want McIndian go for it. Would I come back for the much-more-reasonably priced lunch buffet? Possibly. Will I continue to drive way out to Woodlands when I'm craving Indian? Most definitely."  and delicious.  Good prices as well.  Drink list could use some work.  The garlic naan is very good.  They give you a salad to start but that part is a bit of a joke." Would I eat here again if I'm in the area?  Only if Meskerem isn't open.  Time to find a better Indian place The people that own it seem nice."  delish! The only negative that I can think of is you don't get all of the free ""extras"" (a pekora to start you out or some kheer and chai at the end) you get at some other places  it was extremely good with a large selection of choices.  I would definitely eat their again.  Also had very good Service." I'd adventure elsewhere to Indian if I were you." I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a nice The service was quite creepy and brings the rating from 4 to 3 stars.  I had several servers passing by my table repeatedly with the hands folded and scanning the room with their eyes.  When I asked for a water refill  cross the street and turn left for a great stroll to the Freedom Park by the time you get back  everything is fresh and full of interesting flavor - nothing is spicy hot Even my little children were totally unimpressed. I am pretty sure we will not be giving this restaurant a third try."  it was wonderful. i ordered the goat curry and was excited to try goat for the first time right after i found out it is the most consumed meat on earth outside of the US BUT the table of 12 Indian gentleman behind us had ordered it all....which led me to believe these guys know what they are doing. instead i tried the lamb and it was perfect. i really liked the candor of our waiter ""andrew"" "Terrific food here. I asked for hot(spicey) chicken curry and it was terrific and very spicy. The service is fantastic  the aloo tikki were very good. I was slightly disappointed with the watery tamarind sauce.  I love the sauce when it has a thicker consistency.  The service was sub-typical for buffet.  Not once did the wait staff ask if all was OK...or if we needed anything else.  OK...I am spoiled by better service....but you have to expect it when you are out at a restaurant.  It makes you feel like you are having lunch or dinner where you are really appreciated."  very attentive staff. So yummy! They have a dish called Shahi Korma with lamb in an almond sauce...AMAZING." My water was always filled and when you have lunch with great peers and aesthetically pleasing decor Terrible service! We were overcharged thanks to the waiters inability to split a bill - each couple on a separate tab - a normal thing to do in a restaurant - NOT HERE! They tally up the whole table and divide by the number of credit cards given and charge each one the same amount regardless of what each couple ordered. Do not make the mistake of going with friends and expecting the restaurant to be able to give separate tickets seems you have to sit across the room from each other and pretend not to know each other in order for that to be possible. Food was not what it used to be. Will remove this restaurant from our list of places to go.  which I believe from looking at their menu is the mutter paneer?  I also see the dish is $12.95?  For peas and cheese?  At least I know that I CAN eat a variety of Indian food if I go to another restaurant.  As for the service Will never recommend to anybody."  this place makes for a decent business lunch if you want something outside of the norm." Best Indian buffet in Charlotte IMHO. very avg lik most other indian restaurant !! though its decent compared to the price (9 bucks buffet )!! nuCgH96Tfe6CFXznvmKdhA  and the decor when I went in was very tasteful. I'm hoping at some point I can brave going back and dining in  but their food wasn't spicy enough (even after asking for spicy) and it wasn't much better than the heated Trader Joe's Indian meals." FYI - There's a BOGO coupon in the Charlotte Citipass book nuCgH96Tfe6CFXznvmKdhA "I eat Indian weekly and from all over NC and SC. I find Maharani to be the best in Charlotte. Their  buffet quality is outstanding. I have eaten here for years.  I have not been to Saffron  and salmon served with a salad and rice. All of the meat has a specific taste texture and the naan bread is delicious. The service is very attentive and accomodating." I came back here with a coworker for the buffet lunch and went back twice and walked waddled out of the restaurant. HUGE improvement from my first review. So glad! This place was good for Charlotte. They did spicy and naan very well. I would come back after I have tried other clt restaurants! The servers were not a friendly and approachable. However the service was quick." Fun little game....I challenge you to try to get your water glass more than half empty before they refill it. It's not going to happen." "Excellent food. Very clean restaurant. Very friendly staff. What more could you ask for! The mint chutney is genuine  I found the flavors right on from what I remembered about my last Indian food experience. It's been a while. Nice heat with the chicken and a nice amount of food too. A little pricey but overall a good experience. Next time I'm going for the ""Indian heat"" option!" Next time for Dinner soon.!" "Maharani is one of our best Indian food places for me and my wife. It's not too pricey but classy enough to bring my in-laws when they visit  The buffet food selection was only eight to nine different things. The food was okay but lacked the spices and taste. The reason its not a one star is because of the excellent service we had gotten. The food was warm and nothing was heating it. We would not go back!" Really rude and non Indian people.....I have never had such a bad experience with any restaurant let alone Indian.....god bless them. I would be interested in seeing how long they can stay in business with this attitude. "Was very disappointed with level of quality and service. Ordered to go and gave clear instructions to have two separate meals. Each with naan and rice and utensils for work. Arrived to find one bag. One rice and one naan. I pointed this out and they fixed it but they forgot the naan. Looked at $35!!!! Bill and saw they double charged for the naan too. The vindaloo chicken was not spicy enough and very oily. The employees spoke very little English and that was a huge barrier. They also seemed arrogant and rude. I am thinking that most of these reviews are fake or people do not know what good Indian is. This was the worst Indian I've had in Charlotte. At twice the price. I now know why this place is always empty.  I have also tried the lunch buffet and while the price was better. The spice was horrible. All bland Life is too short.  Go elsewhere until that happens."  making it a safe place to take guests with little or no experience with Indian food. Staff is friendly and very attentive. This has become my go-to place in Charlotte for Indian food and I'm there more often than I'm comfortable admitting."  this place is in a _tiny_ shopping area with a _tiny_ parking lot  and chicken tika masala. The food is always above average and consistent. I've yet to find better Indian in Charlotte."  finni that's it. None of the items were cooked properly. Very very disappointed. Price: $10.25 plate"  not so much for dates.  Have you tried the frozen Indian meals from Trader Joe's just down the street?  They're just as good  I have patronized this business at least 5 times with consistent experiences. The food is decent Indian food at a convenient location. The customer service however has been lacking each and every time. The straw that broke the camel's back for me was my entrance to the establishment today. As I approached the door  and I'm iffy on the paneer. Maybe it needs to be more fresh? I don't know how paneer works. The biggest issue was the salt level in the food. There was WAY. TOO. MUCH. SALT. If you are one of those people who loves to add salt  they featured a buffet which allowed us to sample many of their items. The curry chicken and tandoori chicken were excellent and the other items were very good as well. If you're in the mood for good Indian cuisine  their medium spice still tastes like a mild to no spice. I'd ask them to make it hot next time This business knows nothing about customer service!  I ordered tiki masala and the owner wanted to charge me 15.95 however the price listed on the website was 2.00 cheaper.  When I brought it to his attention he did not handle it in a professional manner!  Copper is waaaaay better anyway!  their lunchtime buffet has become more about the cheaper vegetable dishes and the same uninspired tired chicken dishes.  After our last visit yesterday we decided that that would be our last. We prefer to eat where we are made to feel welcome."  when it got to the house it was Palak Paneer. I asked my husband why I got the wrong thing and he told me that he asked about it when he picked it up and said ""we ordered the mutter paneer"" and the person who was working said ""oh it;s the same thing"" ........... what? If the people who work there don't understand what the difference is between their food that is terrible. As was the Palak Paneer. I didn't bother calling them because if it wasn't a priority then it wouldn't be after we picked it up." I ordered a Vindaloo which would normally be too hot for me as my heat level is a Madras but the one from here had no spice I mean none at all - it was closer to an Irish stew than Vindaloo!!!"  but they handled everyone perfectly.  I will be back. It was clean and the AC was on. Food kept coming out because it was being devoured!" To the owner and staff of Maharani- if you participate in a promotional program  I would strongly suggest people avoid this establishment." Good indian food. They do not compromise on quantity as well as quality! Bill was 11$ each. Definitely will return. Must go place for Indian restaurant."  and I'm a huge fan of Indian food. This is definitely my favorite and I've tried a bunch of Indian restaurants in FL. Highly recommend!" "The worst Indian food I have ever had in my life. I never thought it would be possible to call an Indian dish bland Pretty good indian food.  I've never gotten anything I didn't like here.  It's a little overpriced for what you get. Please please please guys avoid this restaurant if you are looking for good Indian food. There are no more than 13 dishes in a Sunday grand buffet for the price of $13 they are charging. And coming to the taste it is horrible."  but not sure about hitting the buffet. Not sure I'll be venturous enough to try some of the items. We'll see though  we saw 5-6 open tables. Our host proceeded to seat us at a small two person table right within the arch of the entry way. When we asked if we could sit in one of the open tables "Went here for a lunch buffet on Tuesday. Menu only have 2 chicken dishes and both were just average. Typically Indian restaurants have more non-veg dishes. Disappointed with the quality of the food. It did not taste authentic. Also the Naan (some of them) were not cooked all the way  arrived quickly but the bag did not contain a plastic fork or napkins (that's not helpful and that deducted a ""star"")." First time here and was quite impressed. They've remodeled recently and the place looks great. Saag paneer was good as was meat samosa. Highlight of meal was young lamb spiced barbecue kana masala. Best Indian dish in Charlotte! "sometimes WAY WAY too hot Americanized. Very disappointed. It says a lot when your patrons are non Indian. Asked for my food to be made Indian spicy and it came out mild and tasteless. Told them it has no spice and they brought hot sauce.  very good selection & not bad for $10. I ordered take out at dinner once & it was almost $20 Food was just about okay. Paneer makhni was way too creamy that you could only taste the cream and not the curry! Having lived in India we are constantly on the look out for authentic Indian food. We went with the Goat Biryani and we're not disappointed. Next time we're going to go for the buffet as it certainly caught our attention! We can't wait to come again!"  the naan was well done and the entire meal was hot. The guy who waited on me was very polite at best 9pm and told me it would be 20min  and one of the best in town for takeout.  They recently renovated their interior and it is a good place to dine in.  Highly recommend it!"  the chicken in the curry and biryani were very big and were undercooked. The biryani tasted more like a pulav which is not acceptable to a hyderabadi like me. The kadhai chicken had some tomatoes which were undercooked. They turned off the music and the lights while we were still having our dinner at 10:45 pm Good Indian food! Nice lunch buffet and decent customer service. I get the buffet to go and can eat at least two meals from the portion. They don't weigh the take away box which is nice.  Charlotte doesn't have a huge variety of Indian restaurants - this serves the purpose.     I would like to see a bit more flavor Oh! If you want separate bills- ask when you order. It's much smoother that way."  that's what I recall).  Made me think of the beautiful mahogany furniture I remember as a child living in the Philippines."  two soups and some kid friendly dishes with Indian spices.  I loved the food and some of the dishes were pretty spicy yet delicious.  There are also some 'Indian tapas' choices which I may try next time  which makes for a much heavier meal.  When it's baked it's fantastic.  When it's fried it's just ok.  And sometimes the rice is a little undercooked (crunchy).  But overall a great The location that was at Park and Woodlawn is closed already.  The WT Harris location is still going strong. The service was ho-hum...I really don't think I will ever be back due to the little critter issue...I hope they figure that out I prefer to go at lunch since it is a buffet and I can have a little of everything (plus fresh fruit for dessert). I went once for dinner but it was more expensive and took a long time. Good Indian food and a great value for lunch. o-ELjRFSkN_FSyoRLF0DSw ULvDCr7r9sMU1iSwgTHXsA  but they serve food I would categorize as middle eastern as well - hummus and others.  I enjoy a good biryani I'm not the hugest fan of Indian food but if I had to eat it this is where I would go. They also have a few other dishes besides Indian which is nice. The food tends to be spicey and pretty authentic!  A lot of what they offer is geared toward the vegetarian crowd. Tip! Check in the back of the Yellow Book for a 50% off your entree coupon when you purchase one entree at full price."  a great selection of vegetarian dishes "I agree with the other reviewers here on yelp.   Food is good quality but not very spicy so it's OK for a lunch buffet.   Very clean dining room and bathrooms.  Service is fine as far as a lunch buffet goes.  The iced tea was better here than other ethnic restaurants Last time I was in not one staff person there even said a word to us.  It was weird!"  but it didn't knock my socks off (or in this case my flip flops).  My group ordered quite a few dishes to share  since then they have completely gone down hill. really slow service and the quality has faded Just stopped for lunch before driving off. Food was below average. They had about 3 vegetable dishes and 3 chicken dishes. Nothing great .. Probably won't ever go back.  it was almost comical.  Like one of those restaurants where it's their ""thing"" to be rude to the patrons....well 2 for awesome service & the best naan ... The rest.. Hands down to a zero ... & I feel bad rating it so low... But I've had wonderful Indian food... Outside of the mother land...& this is just horrible... :-( Good Food....The Part-Time Hostess Is Awesome.... Wonder how they survive." I made the mistake of going here once for lunch. Blah. The food wasn't good and the service was bad. They seemed to hate me for some reason.  there are lots of awesome places to eat in Phoenix." I would definitely make a return visit to TOI." "So sorry to see the recent sub par reviews. I frequented Taste of India from 00-06  but I do not have a strong desire to return any time soon." "The food tasted really good  if you are incompetent enough to put an entire serving tray of undercooked poultry out on a lukewarm steamtable I don't expect to eating here again." I think this place closed. 