I have rented fro A-Z a few times in the last couple years. Mainly for yard maintenance equipment but they also have party supply items as well. They have always have what I need. Their staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Their prices are fair. I like going here to rent my tools.  Besides being close they seem to have pretty much anything I need.  The staff is friendly and doesn't hesitate to answer any questions I have.  very inexpensive and they rent all kinds of cool toys! A+ all the way!" "Great experience!  We rented plates and martini glasses for a party and it couldn't been easier.  They were friendly and helpful on the phone.  Pick-up and drop-off were a breeze and...  apparently  but called the day before to cancel them once I realized that the weather would be perfect and we wouldn't need them.  This saved me $200!  Becky had gone home sick that day so I spoke with Sheila and she was also very friendly and helpful.  The delivery guys brought everything to the venue 1st thing in the morning and since no one was really around to tell them where to set up the pipe and drape one of them gave me a call to inquire.  I don't recall his name but he was kind on the phone and understood my instructions.  In the end we were missing a table linen (not sure how) but Becky told me not to worry!  The pipe and drape provided wasn't as high as I was originally told but it turned out fine.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone!"  his badge said he had worked there since 1980 I would have guessed his customer skills would have gotten better... Could not get a smile out if him... I was calm and nice to them.  while they were looking for payment confirmation I had asked if I could take my boy to the restroom not a second later you could hear the party rental girl right outside the restroom upset and yelling at a coworker upset that we were in the restroom... My boy freaked out.  I said in a calm voice to my son  there were a couple of things we discovered we really didn't need until right at that point.  They were happy to let us exchange for other items with no extra charge "Had water to pump out of parking lot after monsoon rain. Unfortunately we were given a pump to small to get the job done. Took the pump back after six hours. Job only two thirds completed. Customer service man We had a birthday party for my daughter and needed more seating. My wife called in the reservation and I picked them up. The man at the counter recognized me from previous visits. They have such great customer service. Great place for all your rental needs. one regular and one companion with the connection kit. A-Z rental equipment save me about $300 compared to other locations."   and upbeat. Prices are fair and I have not had a problem with the equipment." 