So if you find yourself in need of a unique venue in Pittsburgh I'm not sure when I'll need that giant giraffe  monster basketball and chic seating arrangements. Everyone felt like a kid again. Great activity for business and families alike. Professional and friendly staff!" I used All the Best Catering for a business luncheon and had a great experience!  Cheryl was very friendly and patient with my various questions and accomodated all of my requests.  I'm definitely bookmarking All the Best Catering for all my catering needs in Pittsburgh. This shows they care about their customers and value the business!!" The food was delicious and plentiful and the service was truly great - they thought of things my partner and I never would have. All of our guests raved about the food. Even though we got the stereotypical ""wedding food"" it was GOOD wedding food. I highly recommend them for catered events - plus "Just today I ate a boxed lunch that had been ordered for a working lunch meeting yesterday. I've never heard of or eaten at this place before. Wow! It was still fresh The day after. Nothing was soggy or spoiled.  The boxed lunch was amazing! The box included a can of soda pop I cant believe I requested a snail mail menu so my building could decide on a new caterer for our lunches and dinners and received 0 our tenant council is still looking for a new caterer since another Disastrous thanksgiving dinner w another caterer.! I cant believe no menu requested even gave you my phone# & address and 1 month 0 thank you for 0 and I will tell council not to use you since we didn't get menu w prices or foods. This job would of been for every holidays that we have lunches or dinners  were subtle but present and definitely knew what they were doing. Contact and communication before the wedding was very good too. Definitely recommended - and our guests really liked the live music!" "I recently had my 21 birthday and booked Entertainment Unlimited to DJ at my party. I had talked to him we worked out types of music and a playlist that would best fit my party and it's theme. He got there on time and was set up before my party guests showed up. It was the best party I've ever had I would definitely recommend him for your event." "The company offered a game show type experience to a group of 150 people I hosted. They showed up on time "Hands down best wedding dj ever. We had Pj the Dj at my wedding this past weekend and could t be happier. April was a big help in booking and coordinating everything. She made the ""business part"" very easy and laid back. Answered all of our questions when needed within a reasonable amount of time. Pj fed off the crowd and kept the party going to the very end." "This is the cutest little place.  You instantly feel like a true lady or gentleman when walking into this place.  They have all kind of gourmet salads and sandwiches to go with your afternoon tea.  They also have a variety of wines to have with dinner or you can take a bottle home.  They cater and do private parties I agree with Lindsey R. that it's not a place to go necessarily for the food...it's more for snacks and tea and chatting with friends in a fabulous atmosphere. I'm glad we have little places like this one. It's a rare and wonderful find."  this one wins hands-down. I know little about their food-but their cakes are pretty amazing! Adorable little place to have a party or sit down and drink some tea...kind of like a fairytale cafe...La-Tea-Da's is the coolest party place for girls in town."  can't recommend them enough - definitely add them to your list when interviewing caterers!"  I would definitely recommend La-Tea-Da's for catering." In the end we were able to get out of the contract and I hired another caterer...Creative Catering that was AMAZING! The food was to die for and the service was perfection. Corey the owner is such a wonderful person he will make you laugh and do everything it takes to make sure your wedding is the best day of YOUR life! And ours truly was...thankfully. Thankfully we were able to run far away from La Tea Das and if you are searching for caterers you should too!"  I believe all the guests had a wonderful time. The food was part of it and well the alcohol was another! I would definitely think of this catering if I ever need them in the Charlotte Area."  a week went by and I heard nothing.  I called to follow up and she said she did receive my online request and would work on getting it to me within the week.  After a week passed and I still did not hear anything I emailed them to follow up and they said they would get me the information by the close of business day.  Another few days went by and after still not receiving information I called to let them know.  The lady on the phone told me that Elizabeth was ""very busy and had a lot on her plate"".  I let her know that if they can't be trusted to give me a quote they couldnt be trusted to be my wedding caterers."  and more somehow all came together beautifully to create one of the best food experiences I've ever had. My guests consistently echo my sentiments as well. My only regret was not taking the time to eat even more (though it wasn't for lack of trying on the part of the staff! We arrived to the reception venue to a lovely candlelit sampling for two while the cocktail hour wrapped up and the amazing staff diligently kept our cups and plates full the whole night.) I could go on and on "I will never be able to say enough about Elizabeth and the staff at La Tea Da's. They are beyond amazing! They catered our wedding reception and I have never heard so many compliments about food from guests at a wedding!! They also created a signature drink that was a huge hit and went above and beyond to make sure me The food was absolutely delicious! But the service was even better. Hats off to Debbie! Service with a smile and great conversation.  and ensuring all the details come together seamlessly.  You will not have to worry about a thing on your big day if you hire them!  I would highly recommend them for your wedding  because I would be driving 3 hours in the night before and would not make it by closing. Right off the bat she said ""no."" I then asked if it was at all possible and would be willing to pick it up at any time that works for them. After a brief hold I would strongly recommend La Tea Da's for any catering job you need!!" We'll have to rely on other Yelpers to offer a more accurate rating.  I gave the A-OK 3 star rating since a rating is required.  Check out my pics.  You can also find a PDF menu on their website." "Service is extremely subpar.  They messed up our order and we didn't notice until we got home.  Called to inform them of the mix-up and asked that they have our original order ready in 10 minutes as I drove back.  The woman on the phone didn't apologize and abruptly asked It's worth it though and I'll be back."  and it looked like the lunch menu has cheese curds and sandwiches as well as ceviche." Not sure how the arrangements for the brunch work? My son always takes care of that part." Red Fez room open for lunch again! Only open Wednesdays but good food and not crowded! Ij5mFZhEjX-zT8f3vBMe9Q  and they didn't bother give out their business cards or adoption applications (without somebody pulling teeth just to get them to give them)- just ""adopt"" spam handouts.  The cats & kittens were pretty much anti-social and didn't truly belong there due to needing more foster-care socialization :(  I looked up the group online and saw that they pull e-list animals and treat them medically and place them at various Petsmart locations- I don't see ""foster homes"".  My breed specialty is a Persian I would definitely return for my party rental needs." "I have no complaints.  My brother and I were throwing a 50th Anniversary party for our parents and I was looking for some decorations.  The woman who first helped me explained the pros and cons about paper vs. plastic plates.  Then another woman came to help and she said why don't I rent the plates?  They are totally cheap and I got the white with gold rim china plates.  I picked them up the day before the event and they loaded them in my trunk.  When I dropped them off "Many thanks to Liz and the team at Party People for their help through this process.  I live in San Diego and have been planning a party here in Phoenix.  I picked up the rental items today and am so happy with the superior customer service and products.  This shop is by far the best party rental shop I have ever dealt with and would recommend them to anyone in the area.  And oh boy I will definitely go back in to use Party People again." Give this place a shot! I like the fact they are locally owned :)"  as in the past they were the only ones that had something I needed!" I highly recommend using them for all your event needs!"  compared to other stores with 24 hr rentals which seem challenging when in the midst of throwing an event. Process & return all easy." This place is great and the employees are so helpful! They have such a great selection. I stopped in for last minute birthday party supplies and they had so many choices! I will definitely be coming back for all my party planning needs.  but I'm writing this more for their great service with helium balloon orders. Have dropped of balloons here weeks in advance of a party and they were always ready at pick up time. Nice community party place."  but so be it... I'm told the arrangement was colorful and beautiful... and of course it was a nice surprise for my friend upon her arrival.  I'll go direct next time for sure though - there is nothing like a personal touch - especially with flowers!" Kelly provided wonderful service over the phone.  The flowers were customized and came out perfect.  I will use them in the future.  she made some suggestions for the arrangement and scheduled the delivery for the same day. I didn't see the arrangement but I did get a call from my friend a few hours later thanking me for the ""gorgeous floral arrangement"". I will definitely use Garden of England again if I ever need so send flowers in the Phoenix area again and I highly recommend this florist." some of the audience will actually get ""into the act"" and play different characters to solve the crime).  It was absolutely hilarious and we can't wait to see another production! There were also several large groups who attended the same show and they were all talking about how much they loved it I have been to several of their productions and had a great time at every one.  They are professional quality and very funny.  Let you hair down and get an audience part if you can. I called Murder Ink Productions in search for a murder mystery party for my daughter. We booked the party a month in advance. I emailed him a script and had the party planned. Greg never showed or called:( we had to come up with 20 costumes in one day and my daughter ran her own murder mystery party. So disappointing ! I would not recommend this Company to anyone!!!! I called Murder Ink Productions in search for a murder mystery party for my daughters 13th birthday. We booked the party a month in advance. I emailed him a script and had the party planned. Greg never showed or called:( we had to come up with 20 costumes in one day and my daughter ran her own murder mystery party. So disappointing ! I would not recommend this Company to anyone!!!! 