These people are fantastic-o! Really fair prices. Great customer service." "We were not impressed at all. We took the time to sit down with one of their accountants and explained exactly what we needed them to do for our businesses. Spent at least an hour and a half going thru everything and provided them with all the information they needed. They told us they understood and sold us on their services - but clearly they either didn't understand or were incapable of doing anything that didn't fit into their rigid structure. A quarter later we called to follow up and we got a ""I'm too busy for you right now"" reply. Not cool. Three months after that we realized they weren't doing anything we asked and we tried to find out what happened. Instead of owning up to their mistake - they tossed insults at us and acted like our earlier conversation never happened! When we took our complaint to the owner we got a very robotic apology with no attempt to make things better. Clearly this company doesn't work well with others."  come to Sorge!  We had every penny in our accounts levied by the state because Sorge didn't do what they agreed to do in a timely manner.  In fact  even after we moved out of state and had multiple state returns & some complex situations that we didn't feel comfortable filing on our own. I love that they are on-the-ball with their communication (we prefer email) Outdated Payroll System. Do not talk to each other and found this out while exploring other providers.  on the basis that they charge $75 per hour to do so.   One would have to be a complete idiot to think that it takes nearly three hours to produce those.   They describe it as a ""service.""    I believe that stretches the meaning of the word.     At one point when we had a new employee we had to fax forms to them four times before they received them.    They are frequently mistake-prone We use PAYCOM now. They are LESS EXPENSIVE and so much BETTER!" Many errors on their part and very unfriendly staff.  more than thirty days after I cancelled I'm still being billed for certain items that they claim I knew about because it requires my signature."  she looked at my account and saw that I had canceled. She was going to fix the problem right away. That was last week. I still have the charge on my account 