I have never been so impressed with the promptness and professionalism in any office that I have ever been in for any reason.  I was greeted with a smile and ushered in as soon as I walked through the door for both visits.  They made me very comfortable in what is ordinarily an uncomfortable situation.  I highly recommend Dr. Martik's office. "Dr. Martik and his staff provide excellent service in an efficient manner.  They were very respectful of my time when I recently had two cavities filled.  Dr. Martik's attention to detail is outstanding.  Both of my young children are seen at this office and the staff is fun and engaging. My kids actually enjoy going to the dentist! If you are looking for an honest The dentist personally welcomed me to the office and thanked me for choosing them. They are excellent and I would recommend to anyone living in the South Hills area to give this dentist a try." Awesome staff!  Everyone was so kind and extremely caring to my young daughter when she needed a procedure.  Dr. Martik was phenomenal!  His knowledge and attention to detail were outstanding!!  My daughter was put to ease by everyone in the office!  What a great place!!!  and I totally recommend this office to anyone in the area who's looking for a new dentist." "Gurtner dental rocks! My family has been going there for 18 years we were probably their first clients. I'm happy to report both of my children still belong to the no cavity club! And they are 22 and 25 years old! The office staff is professional and the doctors are terrific and we feel like we're in good hands they are almost like family. My brother sees them  but this office deserves recognition. Everyone in the office is kind  even if the teeth are healthy.  You can relive getting lectured by your parents as they talk about the finer points of proper brushing from your vulnerable position strapped in a chair.  Few survive getting a filling but it is rumored that the experience is as pleasant as hearing fingernails on a chalkboard.  They are very talented in manhandling delicate gum tissue and patients are guaranteed a sore mouth for the rest of the day.  Customer service is second to none.  The office has evening appointments and if you are fortunate to schedule one you will be offered a once in a life time opportunity to come in earlier.  However if you are not able to get off of work and have to decline coming in early do not be surprised to get a call back from the receptionist informing you that your evening appointment is canceled because something unexpected has come up.  They like to provide service the old fashioned way so do not expect any state of the art technology.  Yes this place is highly recommended  for those looking for crap dentistry." I had a very pleasant experience at this dental office.  Front office staff was friendly and helped me figure out my new insurance.  Had one filling done and it wasn't bad at all!  lady...it's life. I'm going to live it.  Relax a little."  and had a made the whole experience an absolute pleasure. I had not been to the dentist in 8+ years so I was nervous... They made me feel comfortable and I will definitely be coming back for cleanings and any future dental work. Very impressive."  and I'm actually looking forward to coming back and getting a couple of minor things fixed. Just a great experience all around. Thanks I wished we could stay longer in Madison so would not need to worried about finding a good dental office as Dental Health Associates East Clinic somewhere else."  and was typically notified via letter before the appointment so I knew how much I would owe. I recently went for a cleaning and was told I was due for x-rays. I then get a bill in the mail for $206. WHAT?!  I called the billing department assuming there was some sort of mistake. The woman in the billing department (who was NOT friendly at all) told me that I met my insurance limit. I said that if I would have known that I would never have allowed xrays to be done. She then said very abruptly that it was not the clinic's responsibility to know when people have reached their limits and that is on the patient.  oh really? so when I needed a $2 I had a lot of respect for this place. I've been going here for years and trusted them. Just lost all respect and credibility for this place. If anything at all "my 2 yr old granddaughter was restrained without her mother's permission to put a cap back on her molar. Twenty five minutes had passed since the assistant took the baby back... so I asked where she was and was told she was in the xray room... She was finally brought out and her face was beat red and she was all sweaty and still sobbing.. the assistant admitted that they had her in a ""quiet room"" instead they should have brought me or mom to calm her down. The baby kept telling me that ""they"" tied her down and gave her a boo boo. We will be filing a complaint with the american dental association. ..."  very professional and helped ease my nervous children to becoming calm about having their cavities filled.  I could not believe how good and patient he was with the children.  Thank you so much for helping my children with their dental care Kidz Connextion!"  and the office looked so kid friendly.  The whole experience really helped my 3 children feel comfortable going to the dentist.  I certainly would recommend them to my friends and family." And when they try again one of those animals told him "" if u do it again u will clean the mess"" . they are lucky he just told me until now after months"  and had to walk out at least 3 times to look at them as I kept asking questions. The management has been HORRIBLE in dealing with an insurance issue I have been having. Not returning calls and being extremely uncooperative when I do get them on the phone. The only thing that gives this place even 1 star is the dental assistants  the Dr is a great dentist and is also very caring. They did a great job and made me feel at ease." Dr rick is by far the best dentist my son has seen in 6years. I recommend anyone to take thier little ones. Wee care dental has been taking care of my children for the last twelve years! They are kind considerate they listen and are very friendly! The office is always clean and welcoming. Dr. Rick and his friendly staff are always there to answer any questions and always have a smile on their faces. Most people fear going to the dentist when I tell my children it's dentist day you would think we were going to Disneyland. We recently went for our 6 month cleaning and before we left my son asked when we could come back! If you have ever had a bad experience with a dentist or are looking for a dentist please go to wee care. 5 stars aren't enough.  love Wee Care Dental.  In our house nicknamed 'The Koala Doctor'.  We have been going here since my kids were toddlers and they are now teenagers.  I can't say one negative thing about these guys.  My daughter is 16 and I mentioned maybe going to a 'grownup' dentist and she said no way.  She wants to stay with Dr. Rick until they kick her out.  Not one negative thing to say about these guys." We have been coming to Dr. Rick Meyers for almost 10 years now and their staff has been amazing to us!  They treat us like family even when they only see us twice a year.    Any time we have any questions or concerns they make sure we are satisfied with our care.  My two boys will grow up NEVER having a fear of going to the dentist because of Dr. Meyers and his staff!  Is it possible for kids to love going to the dentist?! Yes! 