 I asked any and every mommy I came across who their pediatrician was and I consistently heard great things about Arboretum Peds.  I have been very pleased working with them!  They fit us in when our daughter was only two days old for her first appointment and we've never had trouble getting appointments.  Our doctor is knowledgeable "Best Pediatricians in Charlotte.  My children have been going here since we moved to Charlotte 20 years ago. Always wonderful  taking into account the amount of time we still spend in California. We are thrilled to have found such a wonderful practice to take our son to. I wish I could give them 10 stars. It is clear they have my son's best interest in mind. They're all so caring Absolutely over the moon for this practice and so thankful for everything they have done for our son. Happy customers here." "I've been in health care for a decade and THIS is the only pediatrician office I know of that is open 6 days a week year round and 7 days a week during the cold/flu season! Not only was my kid's appointment honored ON TIME but I was in and out in half an hour! Oh  not to mention my son was given unnecessary x rays of his brain and prescribed harsh mrsa antibiotics he never needed  they're open on the weekends! Who does that? I feel 100% confident about recommending them." "I feel very lucky to have found Pediatric Associates. I've heard horror stories from other friends about experiences with their pediatricians so I know how rough finding the right doctor can be. A friend recommended Dr. Padrez so I decided to give him a shot. From our first visit I have felt nothing but confidence in him. He has a great demeanor with my son and I have so far had a very healthy little boy. What I like most about the office is how efficiently they get you in and out on time. There is no need to get there more than fifteen minutes prior to your appointment. Having waited over an hour at other doctor's offices  kind and willing to answer any questions. I've never had a bad experience here and that says something because I am very picky with Dr.'s offices especially if they are caring for my daughter."  false promises to send to referral dr.s and finally a decision Dr Lersch would not support a referral to a speech therapist even though he diagnosed him as tongue tied. What a run around!" "We have been going to Dr. Lersch for 12 years and we love him.  I don't love the PA they have there.  She has been rude and not very helpful every time I have seen her.  The first time I saw her was the first time my baby was sick enough to bring her to the doctor   she would have to see another dr. Because he was always booked. My daughters 16 months and she's seen her dr. Only about 3 times out of the 10 she's been to the drs. Not to mention everytime they have another dr look at her it was another 76 patient establishment charge I had to pay.  That was ridiculous.  When I called in to ask if I should bring my daughter in asap  but apparently this office believes so. Without being offered a reasonable explanation I can only assume that this office enjoys a nice financial backslapping arrangement with the hospitals that refer the patient whom they are accepting." I am never returning and would advise if your child is really sick Doctor Lococo is Great... secretaries are pretty unfriendly :( they should hire friendlier staff  the office atmosphere is very tense and not too friendly.  They are not organized at all.  I have been waiting since last week for them to fax a copy of my son's lab results to the new doctor's office.  I have called multiple times and they still have not done it  and I never feel rushed.  He takes his time explaining everything and makes sure all my questions are answered.  We interviewed several pediatricians when we were pregnant with our first child and no one even compared with Dr. Dorame.  Highly  will refuse to see anyone else as we continue to be misdiagnosed by any other doctor. Really frustrated and at the point of taking our family to another provider all together as it is nearly impossible to be seen by the one good doctor on staff. Front desk is nice and courteous but my children's health is our priority and we are not happy." 