"I'm up in the air about how I feel regarding Emmert Dental. Being that it is located in Market Square can be both a good or bad thing. Parking is scarce not to mention you have to pay for it yet you have great restaurants and coffee places around you. The office itself is old and raggedy looking but the staff are young and hip. I think possibly a little too young and hip. My dentist knew what she was doing but I didn't adore her. I'm still working out my bill because they charged me too much on my copay and don't really seem to have all their info. together. After a cleaning and fillings  rude and have no clue what they're doing (behind the desk). I will not be going back nor will I have nice things to say about them."  he ripped the tooth out of the side of my jaw. I was literally ganging from all the blood running down the back of my throat. He then stuck some pink powder up in the extraction area. I'm assuming this was the bone graft.  I ended up with many stitches. I was given an antibiotic and instructed to schedule an appointment for the following Saturday so they could start the bridge. Then I was hit with a bill of $569.00! My insurance covers 100% of extractions.  I was in so much pain for 2 weeks following the extraction. Pain severe enough that I had to call off work and I couldn't sleep at night.  I refused to go back to Emmert Dental.  And after a visit to a very reputable dentist The worst dental office I ever been. No one can beat it!!! You should avoid it at any time.  I prefer the Settler's Ridge location. I came here for an emergency appointment and this was the only office that could squeeze me in. I arrived 15 minutes early and they called me back exactly at my appointment time. The assistant was so friendly and made me feel comfortable at all times. The doctor was also friendly and made a great effort to make sure I left satisfied. I was in and out in a matter of minutes and the service was great." I don't believe in going to a dental chain and I don't recommend anyone else goes either. I have read horrible articles about their pushy sales tactics and performing un-needed procedures which is what I would have experienced at Emmert had I not been smart enough to find a second opinion. There are better 7aGRXdKyjhAilq3XnzZkiw Life long loyal patient :)"  but make it quick because this office is efficient and punctual! Dr. Ortale is a dentist who goes above and beyond to be sure his patients receive his focused care and attention to their needs. He is extremely thorough and is absolute about providing the best dental care possible.  Whether he is treating me or my small children I can only hope to find as good of a dentist after our next move. I highly recommend this practice!"  always had the answers to all my questions. Always made sure I was comfortable and at ease! I will not hesitate next time Dr Ortale is great with my son who is physically and mentally disabled. He treats him with respect and has won him over. My son does not like to lay back and have water sprayed in his mouth let alone have someone mess with cleaning his teeth. Dr Ortale is patient and reassuring so my son lets him clean his teeth.  Wouldn't go anywhere else. "I arrived 10 minutes early for my daughter's wisdom teeth extraction consultation figuring that there would be paper work to fill out. About 30 minutes into my wait I overheard the receptionist say to a kindly octogenarian woman that it would be another half hour for her appointment. A full 50 minutes after arriving we were brought back to the exam room after a brief X-ray. We were told to watch a video about wisdom teeth and left alone. Another 50 minutes passed making it a full hour and 40 minutes after arriving and we still hadn't seen the doctor. Figuring that they obviously had plenty of patients and clearly didn't need our business  the office resolved our very unsatisfactory experience in a very impressive manner."  only to be told that my issue was something that had to be taken care of by an oral surgeon. Well I was in pain and it was 4:00 in the afternoon. Figured I was out of luck to get my problem taken care that day. My dentist called 3 other places about getting me in that day and when they called Dr. Goldenstein's office they agreed to see me! I was suprised Been to Dr. Goldenstein a few times. He is a genuinely nice man who will make a situation right if need be. I cant say the same for his rude receptionist. I would recommend people to come see him for sure. Hes taken me in last minute a few times when I was in extreme pain. He doesn't like to see people in pain.  staff and office.  I don't need to see a glitzy office with multiple locations and staff that are high fashion and everyone pushing expensive procedures. Dr Goldenstein explains all procedures and provides a detailed cost outline. He is quiet and obviously enjoys providing good dental care. The staff is personable and professional and must enjoy their employment/employer as the staff does not change."  once I sat waiting for over and hour in the waiting room. What's worse is that the tricked me into having a procedure. I came only to have one tooth pulled  an absolutely positive experience!" "I never had even a good experience at the dentist until now. Dr. Goldenstein is professional and friendly. He makes sure you understand everything that you will have done 