 Mrs. Duckstein is the first and last call you need to make. Her attention to detail of your case  then go with Sonja! She will go above and beyond! I'm pleased with her services and wouldn't trust anyone else." Think you don't need an attorney? Shouldn't you know? Call her." I am a worker's comp and SS attorney here in Phoenix. I know Sonja and she is a fantastic lawyer - for both personal injury and criminal defense. She is very responsive and caring to her clients. I highly recommend her. "Sonja Duckstein is the epitome of a client first mentality.  Her work ethic is unmatched and her knowledge of the law including our rights as citizens is top notch. I trust to refer my family  and patiently answered my questions. They really treated me and my friend as more than a client and took a genuine interest in the overall outcome of the case. I can't thank you enough for your kindness and determination."  the Law Offices of Larry H Parker went above and beyond in providing us with exceptional service! We knew we were not facing an open and shut situation. They were persistent and diligent TXlJtcOrl1KAjjz0auJRxw "I had a couple of immigration questions and thought it might be best to seek for an actual legal advice than google. I went for this law office because it is closer to my place and they offer free legal advice. Secretary was very friendly. Office is a little bit old but not too bad. The attorney was about 30 minutes late and although was a little friendly  mom and I with our immigration court case. He's known my sister and I since we were little Excellent attorney! Laid out the process for us in terms we can understand. He was patient with us and was by our side through our interview. Couldn't have asked for a better process. Everything went smoothly. He will be our go to person from here on out. "I don't have enough words to describe how amazing the experience with Mr Robert. They work very hard to make sure you have winning results. I could not have asked for better services. From the moment I first called until my case was over "I came across the Law Office of Robert E Coughlon Jr through google searching immigration attorneys in the phoenix metropolitan area. I was initially drawn to this office because of positive google reviews and his personal education which is detailed on his website. My mother and I met with him because of his free initial consultation offer. Let me just tell you he surpassed my expectations when it came to being friendly My husband had used them for family situations and they are an excellent firm. Very established in downtown Phoenix and wonderful people who work there. Helped resolve many issues and recommendations for this firm is very high.  and shame on Mr. Blais for validating his clients illegal actions by exuberantly harassing in an attempt to strong-arm two upstanding citizens with threats  were absolutely a pleasure to work with. They handled my situation quickly and provided me with so much stress relief. I now have a lifelong loyalty to them and am so grateful to have worked with them. Thank you so much David and Kim. I can't thank you enough for being so amazing Absolutely love Victoria she made my BK as pleasurable and easy as it could be. This firm goes above and beyond for their clients! I'm very satisfied with this Firm! e2cUD-bchQKNNIChk2saWQ  than all others combined together! Thank you very much for your professionalism and patience! I would recommend them 100% to all my friends!"  and most recently settling my offer in compromise with the IRS. And get this ... My offer in compromise was settled for only 1% of what I owed ... YES 1%!!! I seriously don't know what we'd have ever done without them!!! I'd highly recommend them to family "From the time we walked into the door the staff was friendly and considerate.  After checking in we were offered water or soda and shown the location of the bathroom.   The lawyers we meet with were very professional  understand and are very knowledgeable and up to date with the legal system or trust matters.  I use them for all my legal needs  his staff is nice and are waiting for give you bottled water or coffee.  I had certain expectations on how Mr. Brown conducts himself in court vX9CfSkN-L94l9ToLskgAA "Stereotypical unethical lawyer who took advantage an old lady and her inheritance. Untrustworthy 