 fast and very knowledgeable."  not some national company where you speak to a different representative every time.  It cannot be stressed enough how valuable it is to have the same person year after year handling your account.  Thanks My go to exterminator!  Prices are always reasonable and they're super friendly!  my house was crawling with little bugs and I called at 11:00 and they were there by 1:00. They treated the home and I haven't seen a bug since. Roger called  few days later to follow up. If bugs return I would definately call them again  responsiveness and work are first rate.  We have been customers for 9 years and could not be more pleased."  willing to walk around and show the problem areas and concerns and explain the most efficient treatment so that even if we didn't go through them we knew what to ask the competitors."  I called their office multiple times before someone answered the phone. The receptionist assured me we had been rescheduled for a later time on the same day originally scheduled. Not so. I get a call from them just after the original scheduled time saying the guy was at my house Really like these guys.  Good customer service.  Very fast and affordable.  Highly recommend.  Roger has been very pleasant on both visits to our house. Roger and Steve and the rest of the gang at Unitech are tremendous people and ethical businessmen. I highly recommend Unitech for your exterminating needs. Very professional and affordable. Nothing but good experience with City Wide so far. I recommend them." I definitely recommend them."  I found yet another scorpion in my house. I called City Wide the next day and told them I found two scorpions in my house.  The customer rep was extremely rude and condescending with me.  She told me I could up my coverage but it would cost a lot more.  Also y6dEkjR5FMP2h1L5V6pI4A y6dEkjR5FMP2h1L5V6pI4A Do yourself a favor and find a more reliable company."  then a different one every time.  I just did not feel comfortable with many of them and I kept calling for resprays.  The last guy they sent out was "" mr. know it all""  refused to spray for ants in the yard because he knew it did'nt work but had a product he could put on the mounds and we should point them out to him.  We have an acre and have no idea where they all are.  We saw bugs 2 weeks later and are shopping for a new company." y6dEkjR5FMP2h1L5V6pI4A I am thankful for Alan and for all the bug-killers like him as I look forward to next Saturday when they kill my stupid termites." "They treated my house for termites when I was i the process of buying it so I thought it would be best to continue with them to ensure bugs stay away. I had them spray the house and treat for ants. Apparently the ant treatment has a 21 day guarantee which means they will treat a second time (after 7 days  they've been methodical about showing up AFTER 21 days so that they can charge us full price. I have now lost one tenant due to their inaction so I will safely say these guys are just there to collect your money. At least they are cheap I recommend City Wide to other businesses and friends and will continue to do so!"  do not use this service!"  does such a thorough job & takes the time to answer any of my questions.  I'm shocked to see any negative comments about this company.  Keep up the good work 