This place is great! They are located close to us and carry our dog's brand of food at a reasonable price. They even give him a treat and us little mounds bars when we check out! The staff is so friendly and the pup loves going there- he even sits when we are at the check-out because he knows he'll get a treat!  is a great thing). The staff are always around to help out and give suggestions as to what my dog might like. Their store brand of dog food keeps my dog healthy and his coat super shiny-all while being affordable and being a part of the frequent feeder program (when you buy 10 bags  we went to pick up the requisite food and supplies.  Mounds is the place to go. Locally owned and operated "Mounds is the best pet supply store in town. It's more reasonable than the national chains and has a great selection.  They even donate their own food to the Dane County Humane Society My favorite thing about this store was the Adoption Center. They have this great big glass window that you can see all the available kitties they have up for adoption. And they also have a board with pictures and descriptions of available dogs from the local shelters they can bring in. I know PetsMart offers this as well  etc. everyone who works there is super nice. this is the only place we go for pet supplies anymore... and the fun size mounds bars they give you at the checkout don't hurt either."  I think this is a wonderful company with wonderful goals. Unfortunately "Awesome store!  Had the Acana Ranchlands dog food that I was looking to get Cheppie and PItzie.  It's funny b/c the two people who helped me also give their food Acana Ranchlands.  I was able to convince two shoppers to change to it also from the crappy food they were giving their dogs.  Good prices too.  Not the best  I'm really split. This is where the half-star comes in. While the cashiers have always been friendly while I check out  but this mounds is clearly where LaFollette and Monona Grove kids go to work part time after school. Molly was friendly and quick and I was really thrilled by her professional and kind demeanor. I think the other cashiers could take a note from her book. She was so nice :)"  and to top it off you are likely to be overcharged.  So if you do go you best check your receipt.  Plus they tend to get in your face when questioned about store policy.  Sure they have the food I want but I can get it in a different ""friendly"" store.  Lose the attitude!  What ever happened to good quality customer service?"  but at least the personnel are friendly enough to direct you toward what you need. If you have a pet The only reservation I have about giving them 5 stars is that they seem to hire a lot of teenagers to run the store 